{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15358343", "title": "MP lost crores due to grid collapse: Shivraj Singh Chouhan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The domino effect of the power grid collapse in the north, east and north-east appears to have hit states in unaffected regions by blacking out their power sale. Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that his state lost crores of rupees since it was unable to sell some 600-800MW of surplus power because of the blackout.MP has surplus power during monsoons and sells it to the northern grid. \"MP actually lost out for not being able to sell the surplus power on these two days that the grid failed,\" Chouhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357620", "title": "Investigators convinced of Indian Mujahideen hand behind Pune blasts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Based on a host of factors and indications, investigators now are convinced that the low-intensity serial blasts in Pune on Wednesday were executed by the outlawed Indian Mujahideen (IM). While it may have been executed by some new recruits of the terror outfit, IM leadership that is mostly intact and believed to be hiding in Pakistan may have planned the attack, sources say.The investigators have ruled out the possibility of Maoists or Hindu fringe groups being responsible for the four blasts and two unexploded IEDs, sources said.They believe that the bombs failed to explode fully because of the mismatch in the entire bomb circuit and the ammonium nitrate used was old. The intensity of the explosions would have been far bigger had all the charges gone off, ammonium nitrate used was new or explosives like RDX were used, sources say.Wednesday's incident is similar to what happened in Surat in 2008, when 22 IEDs were recovered in the town, a day after Ahmedabad was ravaged by serial blasts on July 26 killing 57 people.A source said the circuit only led to the detonators exploding, and not all the charges in the bombs. The explosives were packed into a boat-shaped wooden case to make the impact of the blast more concentrated. Similar devices have been used in the past in bomb attacks in India by IM, they said.Among the motives for the attack could be the murder of suspected IM operative Qateel Ahmad Siddiqui in Pune's Yerawada Jail in June. Also, the arrest of Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abul Jundal, the key 26/11 suspect, who is in the custody of Maharashtra Police, might be a plausible motive.From the descriptions given by the cycle shop-owner about those who bought the cycles used in the Pune blasts, investigators are looking for two youth, who spoke both Hindi and Gujarati and are in 25-30 age group.They are also analyzing all mobile communication in the explosion area around the time of the blasts. While it may help investigators get some clue, it is still not known whether the bombers were carrying cellphones. They are also looking at available CCTV footages near the blast sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15365213", "title": "Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority rejects residential project on reserved open space", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) has rejected a proposal seeking to build a residential building on a open space reserved for a garden and a playground at Alibaug in district Raigad.The proposal was forwarded to the MCZMA by the Alibaug Planning Authority. As per the town's sanctioned Development Plan of 1984, the 720 sq feet open vacant plot has been reserved for a garden and a playground. However, in the draft development plan it falls in the residential zone. The town planning authority argued that the plot is on the landward side of an existing road and is in Coastal Regulation Zone II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357855", "title": "Body found inside trunk in Pitampura", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a reminder of last year's chilling 'body bag' cases, a body was found in an iron trunk at a house in Pitampura on Saturday. Police said neighbours alerted them after perceiving a foul smell around the house that had been deserted since August 1, ever since its original inhabitants \u2014 a couple and their children \u2014 shifted to their village. The body has been sent for autopsy and a case of murder has been registered at the Maurya Enclave police station.Joint CP (northern range) Tajinder Luthra said the body was found with the legs tied. \"We have sent a team to find out about the present location and antecedents of a tenant named Noor Mohammad, his wife Afsana and their three children. Noor had a small vegetable shop here. Neighbours told us the couple had lived in the city for several years before they shifted this month to Sitapur district in UP. We have been informed they are living in a village called Kaharpur. Since the room was locked from outside, the couple is a suspect. A fight over property or an illicit affair could have led to the murder. However, the picture will become clear only after the victim's identity is known,'' said Luthra.Police said questioning of the couple's acquaintances has revealed that at least two brothers of Noor visited him often. \"Our aim is to trace these two men. It seems likely that the victim was murdered by someone who had easy access to this house,'' said an officer, adding that a team will also be sent to Afsana's house in UP.According to Delhi Police figures, a staggering 37,463 bodies have been found since 2007, up from 24,416 counted till last year's April month. Of these, 24,769 could never be identified. The figures show that more than 7,000 unidentified bodies are recovered in Delhi every year. Although police try to trace family members, in most cases the bodies are never identified. Of 858 bodies recovered this year, 210 were found by the north district police, 104 by the central district police and 30 by Lutyens' Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356804", "title": "Take stand on pardon to cop killer in 6 weeks: HC to govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Friday directed the state government to consider within six weeks the representation of convicted constable MA Khadeer seeking release by way of a pardon by the state. A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar made this order while hearing a plea filed by Khadeer's wife Sabera Begum who alleged that the authorities were discriminating against her husband in the matter of according pardon.According to Pushpinder Kaur, the counsel for the petitioner, the reason behind the authorities concerned not being favourable to the constable's plea is that the person whom Khadeer murdered was an assistant commissioner of police in Chatrinaka division of the city.\"It was not a planned murder. It was an act committed in a fit of rage and happened at a time when the Old City area was caught in the vicious circle of communal clashes in the early 1990s. Khadeer was travelling in a jeep along with his boss ACP Sathaiah when they came across a group of people, most of them children. Sathaiah ordered Khadeer to open fire on the gathering but that enraged Khadeer who shot his boss Sathaiah instead,\" Kaur told STOI. Sathaiah died on the spot. Khadeer was arrested and later convicted for life.The petitioner's argument is that the authorities who keep awarding early release to convicts after granting pardon, are refusing to oblige Khadeer who has been in jail for the last 22 years. If the four years' remission time he has earned till now were to be added, the total term he has served so far would come to 26 years, Kaur reasoned. The Supreme Court has ruled that even in cases where a death penalty has been later commuted to life, the prisoner can be set free after 20 years. Since Khadeer was not awarded the death sentence, his case should be considered keeping that in view, Kaur said. She found fault with a GO issued in 2001 that bars pardon to persons guilty of killing police officers or public servants. Moreover, applying the said GO to Khadeer's case, which happened 10 years prior to its promulgation, was improper, Kaur contended.The bench directed Khadeer and his wife to make a fresh representation to the authorities within two weeks and directed the state government to consider and pass a reasoned order on this application within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15366474", "title": "Surviving I-League is our first target: Baichung Bhutia", "text": "KOLKATA: Unveiling the squad of his team -- United Sikkim FC -- Indian football icon Baichung Bhutia on Sunday said staying in the I-League 2012-13 would be their first target.The retired Indian football captain also hoped to play in a few matches but said he has to remain fit as being the owner does not guarantee a place in the XI.\"It's a new club with a young squad. Budget-wise we are nowhere near to Mohun Bagan or United SC. But we're very very confident. Our main aim is to remain in the I-League,\" Bhutia said of his one-and-half-year-old club, the qualifiers for the sixth season.Besides Bhutia, the 25-member squad has India defender Anwar Ali, former East Bengal forward Budhiram Tudu, along with two foreigners Taeyoon (Korean goalkeeper) and Nigerian veteran medio Salao Nurudeen.The 36-year-old said he would register himself to play in the upcoming season.\"I have to stay fit in the top tier competition. I cannot just because I'm the owner.\"The team is coached by former East Bengal's Philippe de Ridder and Bhutia said he has given a free hand to the Belgian.\"He has picked the squad. I've given him a free hand. He is fully responsible for the team's result. I've full faith in his abilities,\" Bhutia, standing next to de Ridder, said.The coach said they were also taking trial of Costa Rican World Cupper Carlos Hernandez , a defensive midfielder and Mun Mun a left back.Asked about India's prospects under new coach Wim Koevermans in the Nehru Cup beginning August 23, Bhutia said, \"We have a good side. We are hopeful. But you have to give them time.\"The United FC also got a title sponsor for the upcoming season.The Squad:Goalkeepers: Taeyoon (Korea), Manatosh Ghosh; Defenders: Anwar Ali, Harpreet Singh , Sandesh Jhingyan, Romen Singh, Nim Tshering Lepcha, Sayed Farid, Rahul Jaiswal, Sanjeev Mali, Hardeep Saini; Midfielders: Salao Nurudeen (Nigeria), Rajiv Gorai, Shabir Ali, Raju Debnath, Shahensha Ansari, Nima Tamang, Thupden Bhutia, V Lalthanpuia, Linekar Machando, B Beikokhei, Zenith Genius Mashangva; Forwards: Budhiram Tudu, Nadong Bhutia and Baichung Bhutia.Coach: Philippe de Ridder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358794", "title": "Chandigarh sees c-section surge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If figures from the government hospitals are any indicator, more city women now prefer to go under the knife for delivery as compared to last year.Doctors attribute this to demand for delivery without undergoing labour pain, IVF, heavy baby due to intake of fatty diet and inactive lifestyle in women.The figures have doubled in Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector16, as compared to last year. This is the main government hospital in the city which deals with delivery cases. Also figures in the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, have swollen to double as compared to last year.Reasoning that the rise in c-section cases is due to complicated deliveries and also not taking any chance, Dr Anju Huria, head of the gynaecology department, GMCH, said, \"We deal primarily in referred cases which come to us after they have not been dealt with at primary level healthcare. Patients do not want to take risk and demand for c-section.\"And if you think that resting for long during pregnancy and eating a rich diet will come to your aid and you will have a normal delivery, experts will make you think otherwise. Lack of activity and no exercise after 20th week of pregnancy is the reason for caesarean section.As Dr Ritambhra Bhalla, a city-based gynaecologist said, \"Nowadays, most of us do not do any physical activity. The more one exercises there are chances of normal delivery. Also patients do not want to undergo labour pain.\" While there is also admission from the doctors' side that it lessens their risk.\"For IVF we do not want to take any chance and prefer surgery. Women these days cannot tolerate labour pain. While some of us also find it easy as it puts us under risk,\" said Dr Umesh Jindal, city-based gynaecologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356677", "title": "Gang of five armed with pistol robs businessman", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-member gang of history-sheeters, which reportedly threatened and snatched a gold chain and cellphones from a businessman at gunpoint in Kolathur on Friday night, has been arrested. \"We seized a 9mm pistol with six rounds, a dummy pistol and three sickles from them,\" said Ambathur estate inspector M Saravanan.Karthik, 28, alias Arafat Ali of Vysarpadi, H Safi, 38, of Kolathur, D Alaudin, 41, of Thiruvallur district, P Binu, 44, of Kolathur and B Sathish alias Kulla, 27, of Choolai were arrested based on a complaint from Duraivelan of Vinayagapuram.\"The gang members had been operating separately and this is the first time they have come together to extort money from the businessman,\" said inspector Saravanan.Police sources said Karthik was involved in the abduction of a businessman for a ransom of 10 lakh at Tiruvottiyur a couple of years ago, while Safi was an accomplice of history-sheeter Vellai Ravi, who was killed in an encounter in 2007. He was with Vellai Ravi during the abduction of a 30-year-old businessman from Red Hills. Safi used Karthik and Sathish to help him in his real estate business.\"Alaudin, involved in four murder cases and several attempt-to-murder cases, reportedly had received threats from a rowdy currently lodged in Puzhal jail,\" said an investigating officer.Another gang member, Binu, was involved in three cases of morder and four attempt-to-murder cases, police said. Police have registered cases under several IPC sections against the five who were later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356851", "title": "Two arrested for murder of elderly woman in theatre", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday arrested two men for the murder of a 65-year-old woman, Parvathi, inside Kasi theatre on Jawaharlal Nehru Road near K K Nagar. Yobu, 32, of Andhra Pradesh and Raja, 31 confessed to the murder, police said. Police zeroed in on Yobu after reports surfaced that he was last seen with Parvathi who had been a sweeper at the theatre for the past three years. Yobu was hired as a sanitary worker at the theatre six months ago. He always worked with Raja, who helped him with cleaning the toilets.\"The other co-workers disliked Yobu's mingling with Raja as the latter was an alcoholic and indulged in shady activities inside the theatre. Parvathi kept rebuking him and warned him repeatedly to keep away from Raja,\" deputy commissioner (T Nagar) R Sivakumar said.On July 2, when Parvathi and Yobu were cleaning the third floor, the former kept chiding him for befriending Raja. Enraged, he slapped her. Then he hit her on the head with a log. She did on the spot.He then hid her body inside the women's toilet on the third floor. At 8pm, he telephoned his friend Raja informing him about the murder. The two decided to dump the body in the water tank in a gunny bag, police said.The body of Parvathi, a resident of Jafferkhanpet, was found after a cleaning woman experienced a foul smell emnating from the water tank.The MGR Nagar police arrested the two and remanded them in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15363176", "title": "Sports ministry grants recognition to Indian Body Builders Federation", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is finally some good news for all the bodybuilders of the country as sports ministry has finally granted recognition to Indian Body Builders Federation (IBBF) to run the day-to-day affairs of the sports discipline.The bodybuilding sport has been in shambles since 2004 as there was lot of infighting between the office bearers of previous recognized body Indian Body Building Federation.The newly-recognized body IBBF was formed three years ago and has been affiliated to Asian Body Building and Physique Sports Federation which is recognized by Olympic Council of Asia and World Body Building and Physique Sports Federation.The main aim of the IBBF is to bring clean and dope free sport for which the national body has already conducted various seminars under the guidance of renowned body builder and Arjuna awardee Premchand Degra.According to IBBF general secretary Chetan Pathare the new body would leave no stone unturned to promote and uplift the standard of the game across the country.Dronacharya awardee Bhupinder Dhawan welcomed the sports ministry's move to give recognition to the IBBF as it will not only give new hope to the aspiring body builders but also save the sports discipline in general as it has been fading over the past decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15358523", "title": "Sharad Pawar slams RR Patil for blasts, lauds Narendra Modi", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday blasted state home minister RR Patil for his \"inept handling of the law and order situation, particularly the blasts in Pune\".Pointing out that Pune and certain cities in the state were on the hitlist, Pawar said, \"It appears our intelligence gathering network is poor. This situation is unacceptable. There appears to be negligence at certain levels. If officers are not performing, the state must take stringent action.\" Pawar, who was in Mumbai for a high-level meeting of NCP cabinet members, gave a clean chit to NCP cabinet members, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who have been accused by the BJP of \"misusing their official position for personal gains\". \"I have seen all files. I don't find any substance in the allegations against Tatkare and Bhujbal,\" Pawar said.During his hour-long inter action with NCP cabinet members, Pawar lauded Gujarat CM Narendra Modi for his effective tackling of drought and conservation of rain water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15356886", "title": "Howrah trader gunned down by contract killers", "text": "HOWRAH: Preliminary probe by Howrah district police has revealed trader Sumanta Bagchi was gunned down by contract killers hired by a criminal gang.A district police officer investigating the case said there was evidence that the underworld had hired gunmen to 'teach a lesson' to Bagchi who had recently started an anti-criminal campaign in the locality.A criminal gang had engaged contract killers to end the life of Soumitra Bagchi, who was shot at from close range near his house at Shibpur on Thursday night, preliminary investigation by Howrah district police has revealed. A district police officer investigating the case, said that there was evidence that the underworld had engaged contract killers to 'teach a lesson' to Bagchi who had started anti-criminal campaign in the locality.\"We have reasons to believe that the underworld had engaged contract killers to kill off BabuBagchi. Further investigations will confirm the fact,\" said a police official. Apart from his business links, police are also probing the minute details of Bagchi's personal and family life. along with his business, sources in the district police said.\"He had grown into a cult figure by protecting the local residents from criminal activities. His popular image may have irked the local goons,\"This had made him a hero at the locality,\" a police officer said.Investigations also revealed that Bagchi had received a phone call after as he returned went back home from the market on Thursday evening. He was accompanied by his wife and daughter. On getting the call, he rushed out of the house with the 18-month-old child in his arms. adjacent market along with his wife Moumita and 18 months old baby.\"No sooner did he come out of the house, than he was shot,\" He rushed out of home holding his baby on lap. He was shot at near his residence in no time,\" a police official said. Cops Police officials are tracing the call list on Bagchi's cell phone to track down the last caller.On the other hand, Moumita Bagchi, the slain trader's wife, has sought police protection for her family. \"Now that my husband is no more, I feel extremely insecure. I need to protect my child and mother-in-law,\" she told reporters. Meanwhile, locals, on returning from the crematorium, clashed with police at Botanical Garden Road on Friday night. on their return after cremation of the murdered trader.Abdul Latif, a neighbour of the Bagchi family, was arrested at midnight for assaulting a police constable of Shibpur, Sheikh Akhtar, who had to be taken to Howrah district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15361808", "title": "Punjab Human Rights Organization seeks probe against encroaches on green belt", "text": "AMRITSAR: Punjab Human Rights Organization (PHRO) has asked the district administration to act against the encroachers in the city, who have illegally occupied the green belts , public parks , streets and roads at several places.PHRO Deputy Chairman Kirpal Singh Randhawa told TOI on Sunday that the encroaches enjoyed the shelter of politicians including MLA's and MP's and were often seen in their company too. However he refused to divulge the names of the influential MLA's and MP's but maintained that once inquiry was conducted their names would be exposed to public. Randhawa said that he had written a letter to deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal but no action was taken against the encroaches.\"It is strange that the encroachers have encroached upon green belts and the Amritsar Municipal Corporation have kept a blind eye\" he said. Giving example of a Monitoring Committee constituted by Municipal Corporation with him as member, he said \"Due to political pressure the committee couldn't work and now have been dissolved and a new committee have been constituted which allegedly has encroachers as members\". The PHRO warned that if no action was taken against the encroachers , the organization would move high court with contempt petition against the administration for not removing the encroachments\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362133", "title": "Andrea Jeremiah pairs up with Fahadh Faasil", "text": "Mollywood's always held the door open for stars from other industry and the latest actress to take up an opportunity is Kollywood's Andrea Jeremiah.The actress will play the lead in Rajeev Ravi's debut directorial venture Annayum Resulum in which she is paired with State Award-winning actor Fahadh Faasil.The actress was earlier reportedly in talks for the Mohanlal-starrer Grandmaster to maker her Mollywood debut but the plans didn't fall through. However, our sources say that Annayum Resulum will be a different experience as it has a unique story and Rajeev is filming it in a totally unconventional way. Well, Mollywood doesn't expect anything less from Anurag Kashyap's favourite cinematographer-turned-director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358360", "title": "4 LDA officials put under suspension", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may lay the foundation stone of Janeshwar Mishra park on the occasion of Mishra's birth anniversary on Sunday. Sources said that the Lucknow Development Authority may thereafter begin the work on the Janeshwar Mishra Park, which is proposed in place of a green belt in Gomtinagar. The area sprawling over an area of around 500 acres was proposed to have a residential colony.Meanwhile, the Lucknow Development Authority suspended four officials including a property officer and recommended departmental enquiry against a joint secretary on charges of allotting plots fraudulently to buyers. The matter pertains to allotment of around half a dozen plots in Gomtinagar Extension in which officials colluded to revive and adjust plots of people in the area in 2008. The plots were later sold off and the process of mutation was also done in favour of new buyers.LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that they suspension orders have been issued to three clerks and recommendation has been made to suspend property officer KK Singh. tnnThe role of former joint secretary, RK Shukla too have come under a scanner after he got the property registered in favour of allottees in the absence of another joint secretary, SK Singh, who is reported to have smelled a rat and refused to sign on the papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362129", "title": "Vishakha Singh to debut in Mollywood", "text": "Director Rajesh Pillai's putting together quite a team for his next flick Motorcyle Diaries, which tells the story of an Enfield Bullet from the 70s to the present. After roping in Kunchacko Boban and Nivin Pauly to play the male leads, Bollywood actress and model Vishakha Singh has been reportedly the latest casting for the road movie.Vishakha's major role was for Ashutosh Gowariker's Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Se , and she has worked in few films down south as well. The actress is currently shooting for the Kollywood flick Kanna Ladu Thinna Aasaiya which is being produced by the comedian Santhanam.Motorcycle Diaries is scheduled to go on floors by mid November and is being scripted by debutant Deepu Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15358412", "title": "Accused gets lifer for killing sister-in-law at Cortalim", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao additional sessions court judge, Vijaya Pol, on Saturday convicted Santan Rebello, 45, for murdering his sister-in-law Faustine Rebello and sentenced him to undergo life imprisonment. He also has to pay a fine of Rs 5,000.The incident occurred on November 9, 2006, at around 7.30pm, when the accused slit the throat of the deceased using a sickle outside her residence at Tosawaddo-Consua, Cortalim, over a property dispute.The case was investigated by PI Rajendra Prabhudesai as per the chargesheet filed by the Verna police on November 10, 2009. According to the Verna police, besides the property dispute regarding, the victim had filed a complaint with the employers of the accused stating that the Santan had obtained the job with the help of forged certificates. The public prosecutor, Subhash Desai, examined a 20 witnesses which established the guilt of the accused. The person who sold the sickle to the accused testified that the accused had purchased the weapon from him. The sickle was recovered from the bushes at the instance of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363029", "title": "Superstar Rajinikanth's Shivaji in 3D", "text": "Rajinikanth's Shivaji (2007) will be re-released in 3D later this year. Directed by Shankar, the political thriller also starred Shriya Saran. Considering the current target audience, the makers have trimmed the 185-minute film by 48 minutes.AR Rahman has composed music for this film produced by AVM Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358270", "title": "State starts drawingpower from grid again", "text": "LUCKNOW: Contrary to the state government claims of reducing its dependency on the national grid, UP was resorting to overdrawal which at times was pegged at 600 Mw, especially during the day, on Saturday. The situation came to the fore a day after the state government decided to go in for bilateral agreement and buying power from the energy exchanges.According to the data available with the power system operation corporation limited, at around 11.30 am, UP drew more than 4,300 Mw from the northern grid as against its scheduled quota of around 3,700 Mw. This was still significant given the circumstances where in Uttarakhand's output plunged sharply after its various hydro-electric power plants had to be shutdown following devastation caused by the ravaging rivers in the hill state. In fact, around 400 Mw of power that is being generated in Vishnu Prayag in Uttarakhand came to a halt late on Friday evening itself because of the siltation.Surprisingly, UP threw off the load quickly by noon making room for some stability of the grid. In fact, at around 12.15 pm, the state went considerably down from its scheduled quota. However, after that it went to its own ways and started wheeling power from the grid once again. Thankfully, the withdrawal was well within the requisite frequency levels.The need to depend on the national grid was all the more accentuated as UP's own generation continued to be low. The generation was not only marred by repeated faults in the system but also because of coal shortage. While one unit of 600 Mw at Anpara C remained closed because of coal shortage the other unit of 600 Mw went off the steam because of the generator fault. The latter is likely to resume its working only by Sunday.Likewise, the 300 Mw unit of Rosa power plant is non-functional these days because of a commercial dispute with the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).UPPCL officials were candid to say that besides entering into bilateral agreement and purchasing power from the energy exchange, overdrawal from the national grid cannot be wished away. \"But we would try to minimize that,\" said managing director, AP Mishra.UPPCL officials said that it was the question of 'assured supply' to the state that is being concentrated upon. \"Until and unless there is no such arrangement things would not improve and the state would continue to overdraw from the national grid,'' said an official.Mishra said that for the time being the corporation is planning to make arrangement of power for a month, that is by the end of August. The corporation, at the same time, was treading cautiously on buying power from the energy exchange given its poor revenue levels. The UPPCL is reported to be seeking power from the exchange but could not get it because of higher rates. Sources said that the corporation had made a bid of Rs 6 per unit at the exchange but still could not get it.The issue of heavy dependence on the national grid had attained peculiar dimensions after the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) slapped a notice on UP following grid failure on two consecutive days. The commission also decided to charge the states in case of congestion in the transmission lines.Situation may worsen in days to comeThe flash floods which threw the power situation in Uttarakhand for a toss is set to curtail the shares of states in the national grid. Sources said that the contribution of Uttarakhand to the national grid was likely to come down by 1500 Mw in what may only aggravate the crisis all over the northern region.The hill state, at the same time, is likely to have its dependence largely on the national grid which, not suprisingly, come under pressure. The state, essentially have run-of-the-river hydro-electric power and the reservoir base projects. Both of these power projects were affected because of the floods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359337", "title": "Lokayukta police charge BJP MLA in assets case", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police have filed a chargesheet against Yelahanka MLA SR Vishwanath for having disproportionate assets worth Rs 7.74 crore.The final report after investigation against the BJP MLA, submitted to the Lokayukta court on Saturday,stated the Lokayukta had got the assembly Speakers sanction to prosecute him. The chargesheet says the declared assets of Vishwanath, a former employee of Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL),add up to Rs 4 crore. He has invested Rs 69 lakh in four buildings.He owns over 100 acres of land in 72 places, including Gowribidanur, Singanayakanahalli and Kogilu.The Lokayukta estimates that Vishwanaths house in Singanayakanahalli village is worth Rs 2.28 crore. His household articles are worth Rs 1 crore. He owns high-end cars,including one worth Rs 70 lakh. The total value of the cars is Rs 1.12 crore, the chargesheet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359920", "title": "Traffic police need to be more humane and even-handed in approach", "text": "It's the legitimate job of the traffic police to discourage roadside parking but a humane approach at times could endear the force to people. Why the police can't look inside a car, particularly when one window is rolled down, needs to be explained. Perhaps, the old and infirm and people in exceptional circumstances could be let off with a warning instead of being made to run around. Also, a more even-handed approach across the city may help people respect the law. Instead, we find cops indulging shops, guest-houses and banks in residential areas. Parents too need to ensure that their children are in no circumstances left alone in parked cars. This has often led to tragic consequences and constitutes an offence in other countries. There are many lessons to be learnt from Saturday's incident which was entirely avoidable.Related story : Baby left in car, gets towed away", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357189", "title": "Standing committee meeting adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee (SC) meeting of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was adjourned on Saturday, after paying homage to the prominent personalities who passed away during the last week. The adjourned meeting is now to be held next week.The meeting was adjourned after paying condolence to the late former Congress MLA from Niphad and former zilla parishad President Dulaji Nana Patil. Tributes were also paid to the late Bhagwant Satbhai, father of the sitting corporator from Prabhag no. 33 (B) Ashok Satbhai and late Madhuri Dande, mother of social activist Nitin Dande.The proposal of adjournment of the standing committee meeting was tabled by members Balasaheb Sanap, Damodar Mankar and others. Chairman Uddhav Nimse immediately announced the adjournment of the standing committee meet and said that the date of the new meeting will be announced shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15357157", "title": "Bombs found in parcel sent to Madurai realtor", "text": "MADURAI: A bomb scare returned to haunt the temple city of Madurai when a small-time realtor with alleged links to the banned Al Umma outfit received a parcel bomb on Saturday.An employee of the realtor received the parcel and opened it. He then informed the police. Accompanied by the bomb disposal squad, police rushed there and defused the explosives. \"The parcel contained two sets of explosives. One was connected to a battery and a timer, while the other was just a bundle of explosive material,\" a senior police officer said.The incident took place on the day the city's Sourashtra community began a conference, for which Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was invited. But Modi cancelled his visit due to other commitments. Police said they were yet to ascertain if the parcel bomb had anything to do with the event.Police said the parcel was handed over to Arumugam, a goldsmith on Krishnan Koil Street, by a youth on Friday night. The youth, described as fair and tall and aged about 25 years, asked Arumugam to hand over the parcel to Umar Farooq, a realtor with alleged Al Umma links, who had his office in the locality.On Saturday morning, Arumugam asked his errand boy to take the parcel to Farooq's office located nearby. Farooq's employee Ismail received the parcel and opened it to find the bombs, police said.\"We have not arrested anyone. We do have some suspicions about the culprits and the motive. But we cannot pinpoint anyone as the suspect at this point,\" said deputy commissioner of police R Thirunavukkarasu, who is investigating the case.Police said the explosive device was similar to the ones detected in Madurai earlier, in intensity, material used as well as technology. There have been six instances of bombs exploding or being detected in Madurai since 2010. An explosive device was found on the route of BJP leader L K Advani's rath yatra last year. There were two minor blasts in the city which did not cause much damage. Police haven't made any headway any of these cases.\"We are interrogating several persons. Only after a thorough enquiry, we can say anything,\" a police officer said when asked if there was any link between the incident and the Saurashtra community conference. Police are interrogating Umar Farooq and his friend Jamal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358537", "title": "Patna University locks up postgraduate department, college", "text": "PATNA: In an unprecedented move, the Patna University (PU) authorities on Saturday locked the postgraduate department of education and Patna Training College and handed over the keys to the Patna divisional commissioner.The functioning of these institutions had been paralyzed due to protests by a section of students against alleged irregularities in the evaluation of answer-sheets of MEd admission test conducted by PU last month. The admission of selected students could not be held as scheduled on Friday due to the disturbances created by students.PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad told TOI the university administration requested the Kadamkuan police station to help restore normal functioning of the institutions. But to no avail. \"Only five to six candidates, who could not clear the entrance test, are creating disturbances,\" said the proctor.The agitating students, however, alleged though the answer-sheets at the time of test clearly indicated there would be negative marking for wrong answers, no negative marks were given to any candidate for wrong answers. Consequently, a number of candidates who did not attempt some questions for fear of negative marks could not clear the entrance test. They demanded a fresh entrance test.PU has constituted a three-member committee headed by PU science faculty dean U K Sinha to inquire into the charges. Other members of the inquiry committee are PU proctor and students' welfare dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15358941", "title": "Sharad Pawar pulls up R R Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday blasted state home minister R R Patil for his \"inept handling of the law and order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune\".Pointing out that Pune and certain cities in the state were on the terrorists' hitlist, Pawar said, \"It appears our intelligence gathering network is poor. This situation is unacceptable. There appears to be negligence at certain levels. If the officers are not performing, the state must take stringent action.\"Pawar, who was in Mumbai for a high-level meeting of NCP cabinet members, gave a clean chit to NCP cabinet members, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who have been accused by the BJP of \"misuing their official position for personal gains\". tnn\"I have seen all relevant files. I don't find any substance in the allegations made against Tatkare and Bhujbal,\" Pawar said.Pawar's clean chit to the two ministers came as a surprise to senior NCP cabinent members, especially at a time when the anti-corruption bureau and the economic offences wing are looking into the allegations against a section of controversial ministers.The main charge against Tatkare is that he was involved in rampant corruption in major irrigation projects in the state and that his family members have amassed massive wealth illegally. It is alleged that Tatkare and his family members have major states in several companies.Bhujbal has been accused of awarding the contract for the construction of Andheri RTO building, Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and the state guesthouse on Malabar Hill to a private developer. It is alleged that though the cost all the three constructions is less than Rs 150 crore, the developer will get additional FSI of Rs 5,000 crore.Both Tatkare and Bhujbal have denied the charges, saying they are prepared for a probe by any agency.During his hour-long inter action with NCP cabinet members, Pawar lauded Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for his effective tackling of drought and conservation of rain water.Pawar lauded Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for his effective tackling of drought and conservation of rain water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "harsour", "code": "15358729", "title": "Olympic silver medallist Vijay Kumar's family looks to beat poverty", "text": "HARSOUR: The frenzied cattle under a thatched roof outside the Subedar family house in Harsour village of Hamirpur graze with an unlikely amazement in their eyes.Just behind the adjoining red brick wall of the cattle shed, the lady of the house Roshni Devi, sitting on her haunches before a chulha manages to look at ease as she prepares setu vadi, the popular Himachali dish for feasting the ecstatic well-wishers flocking to their house.The prodigal son of Hamirpur -- Vijay Kumar - has just, siezed the family's biggest moment of triumph, the Olympics silver in a 25 m rapid fire pistol.For once, there is a beaming smile of contentment and a hope of new approaching fortunes on Roshni's face.A smell of victory looks cinch to wean away the smoke and soot of chulha, that for years has troubled Kumar's mother.There are expressions of reassurance flitting across her face that there will be more of silver to replace the stinking concrete, clay and terracotta that make most of utensils in the Kumar household.\"I don't know much about Olympics but I know he has achieved something big for the country and that it will be enough to get me a new kitchen. I am eagerly waiting for my son to come. I want to hug him for his achievement,\" says an unassuming Roshni, still unable to find the gravity of her son's momentous feat.Soon, she recollects the days when her quiet son would just play gully cricket and volleyball on the rocky terrain surrounded by the hills in their valley.And, how he would seek her permission to ride a bicycle or play an outdoor sport on because he feared wrath of his parents for injuring himself.\"He would even ask for a rupee or two to buy confectioneries from the neighbouring kirana shops,\" she quips.\"But, I always wanted him to become strong with a will and commitment I gathered from my services. Although my rank didn't allow me to spend lavishly on my kids, but I ensured they lived a decent life,\" says Banku Ram, as he firmly puts a stack of grass on an chafer, meant to feed his cattle.The quiet young boy went on to join Army in 2001 and has now created a new history in the village.The state government has already announced a cash reward of Rs 1 crore.\"But that doesn't matter. We want our son to earn himself and take us away from the clutches of poverty,\" the parents say in unison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362998", "title": "Sukanya makes a comeback", "text": "If one mentions the song Chinna Raasaave Chitterumbu Enna Kadikuthu..., the first person who comes to our mind is Prabhu Deva. Recall further and you will remember the actress who danced along with India's Michael Jackson . Yes , it is actress Sukanya, who has acted in superhit films like Walter Vetrivel, Chinna Gounder and Indian (as the elder Kamal's wife).Post her marriage in 2002 to US-based Sridharan, the actress had been rarely seen in films and the marriage also ended up in a messy divorce.So, now, it looks the actress is back in films and is trying to makeup for lost time. She is currently playing the role of Ganesh Venkatraman's mom in the Tamil-Kannada bilingual Chandra . The film is a mythological fantasy and stars Shriya Saran (who is also, frankly speaking, making a comeback of sorts) as the titular character.Talking about Sukanya's role, the film's director Roopa says, \"She plays the role of a queen engrossed in modern values. Sukanya looks too good and is very devoted to her craft. I pat myself on the back for selecting her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362684", "title": "Yuvan composes anthem for school kids", "text": "Director Gautham Menon has been synonymous with quality cinema and he has been on the hunt for scripts that are different and make a difference. With this as the objective, he is producing Thanga Meengal, directed by Ram, who got noticed for Katradhu Tamil, a novel and bold attempt that captured the imagination of moviegoers across the state.Ram also plays the male lead in Thanga Meengal apart from being the director, a part he won due to his soulful storytelling to Gautham and team. The film dwells on the delicate yet beautiful relationship between a father and a daughter in a totally unseen light.\"Taare Zameen Par lead me to search for a script with a societal concern, and it was during this opportune moment that Ram came to me with this extraordinary script, With him having understood the nuances of the script, it struck me he was the best person to play the lead. Ram is being ably supported by Rohini and Padmapriya and I am really glad to produce a movie of this genre,\" says Gautham.The combo of Ram and music director Yuvan Shankar Raja proved to be excellent for Katradhu Tamil and Thanga Meengal will also have the duo creating magic again with Na Muthukumar penning the lyrics. The production team assures that this will be a great musical experience.\"The music of the film will surely enthrall audiences for sure. We have an anthem for children, which will make parents and the society at large sit up and take notice as it dwells into the realms of the current education system, examinations and teachers. This would definitely be the anthem for all school children,\" says Ram.The production team and the music team have been travelling the breadth of the state to create a special album featuring school children and music director Yuvan Shankar Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15364068", "title": "Advani has conceded defeat for 2014 LS polls: Congress, SP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress and other parties today took a dig at BJP leader L K Advani saying he has conceded defeat even before the race has begun for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections while some BJP leaders differed with him.Reacting to Advani's latest blog posting, Congress said Advani has given up the fight by casting doubts over his party's ability.\"I can say about this blog that Advani himself has conceded defeat by saying there is a possibility that there can't be a BJP Prime Minister in 2014. It means he has conceded defeat,\" Congress leader Rajiv Shukla told reporters here.After this blog, how will a BJP candidate win? he asked. Advani had similarly predicted defeat for Congress before 2004 and 2009 elections but it came to power both the times, he said.Terming the BJP leader as a \"reluctant general\" going to war, Shukla said, \"If anybody is reluctant then how can anyone win the war. What kind of a general is he who concedes defeat even before the battle?\"Another Congress leader Satyavrat Chaturvedi said Advani's statement reflected internal rift in his party and recalled the predictions made by him before 2004 and 2009 elections.BJP National Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said there is a strong anti-Congress wave blowing in the country and BJP and NDA will get majority.Samajwadi Party leader Mohan Singh also toed the line taken by Shukla and said, \"Even before the elections, BJP has conceded defeat.\"Sharad Yadav, who heads the JD-U, an NDA ally, refused to indulge in speculation ahead of the 2014 polls.But, JD-U leader from Bihar Neeraj Kumar said, \"We need a secular leader as PM and one who is sympathetic towards the cause of the backward classes.\"Advani had in his blog today talked about the possibility of a non-Congress, non-BJP Prime Minister heading the government after the 2014 general elections with the help of these two principal parties.He also cited examples of Charan Singh, Chandrashekhar, H D Deve Gowda and I K Gujral - all supported by Congress - as well as V P Singh who became Prime Minister with BJP support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358542", "title": "Bihar India Against Corruption backs Team Anna's decision to enter politics", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) has welcomed the decision of Team Anna to enter politics. Team Anna officially announced its decision on Friday even as its members ended their 10-day fast at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi.Four members of the Patna unit of IAC also ended their fast on Friday. \"They were on fast at Kargil Chowk here since July 25,\" said Dr Ratnesh Chandra, a member of IAC, Bihar.Sanjay Dutta, media in charge, Bihar IAC, said, \"The regional units will have to wait for a few days to plan their next step. Members and supporters of the Bihar chapter have extended their support to Team Anna.\"He said the biggest challenge in entering politics could be funding. \"We will spend the donations received in full public eye and challenge other parties to do the same,\" he said.Dutta added Team Anna had a large number of supporters, who would sustain the movement. But many of them were not willing to contest elections. \"We got many phone calls from people outside Patna. But it would be too early to comment about our future strategy.\" He said Anna Hazare might visit Bihar, but that may not happen in the near future.Nishi Singh, a student, said, \"I have always supported Team Anna and this time also I appreciate their decision to enter politics. They would at least show the right kind of attitude to other political parties. I just hope that they do not become another side of the same coin.\"Piyush, a postgraduate student, said, \"Team Anna was left with no other option but to join politics. But yes , we can definitely hope that they would be better than others.\"Priya, a bank employee, said, \"Team Anna was a motivating force against corruption since its beginning. But now that they have decided to join politics, you cannot rule out that it was part of their plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15366764", "title": "MDLR ex-staffer's suicide: Haryana minister Gopal Kanda resigns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana minister Gopal Kanda, who was booked in the case of abetment to suicide of a former airhostess Geetika Sharma, has on Sunday resigned from the government. Kanda, 46, denied having any direct links with the victim. Kanda, who was minister of state for Home, Urban Bodies and Industry and Commerce, said that he has resigned from all departments. His resignation comes on a day the Delhi Police registered a case of abetment to suicide against him. Geetika Sharma, a 23-year-old former air hostess with the domestic MDLR Airlines, committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Ashok Vihar in North-West Delhi on Saturday.According to the police, a suicide note was found in Geetika Sharma's apartment that blames Mr Kanda, the Minister of State (MoS) in the Home Ministry in the Haryana government and also the Chairman of the MDLR Airlines. He also owns a fleet of hotels including the Park Plaza in Gurgaon. The MDLR Airlines ceased operations in 2009.The police have booked the minister under section 306 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for abetment to suicide and a team has been sent to Mr Kanda's home in Gurgaon.\"I'm ending myself today because I'm shattered inside. My trust has been broken. And I'm being cheated. Two people responsible for my death are Aruna Chadha and Gopal Goyal Kanda. Both of them have broken my trust and have misused me for their own benefits. They have ruined my life and now they are trying to sabotage my family members,\" Geetika wrote in her suicide note.\"When the airline's operation was suspended, Mr Kanda offered her another job. She refused that offer and joined Emirates in Dubai . He then wrote a letter to Emirates stating that she had a bad character, which lead to her termination,\" alleges Gaurav Sharma, her brother.Geetika's family alleges that she was mentally tortured by Mr Kanda. (With inputs from agencies.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361794", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan to attend Olympics", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan has confirmed that his son Abhishek will attend the ongoing London Olympics.\"Abhishek travels out to the Olympics tonight. As brand ambassador for Omega and the watch company being one of the sponsors of London 2012, he goes to attend some events! Lucky,\" Bachchan posted on his blog.The 69-year-old actor himself was invited by the Organizing Committee to carry the Olympic torch a day before the opening ceremony in London. He also attended the opening ceremony.Indian music maestro A R Rahman lent an Indian touch to this year's greatest sporting extravaganza as he teamed up with his \" Slumdog Millionaire \" director Danny Boyle to compose a track for the inaugural event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15359116", "title": "Bafna has fastest time in qualifying", "text": "COIMBATORE: Windy conditions did not deter Ameya Bafna of Team Rayo Racing as he clocked the fastest time (38.9 seconds) in qualifying to clinch the front seat in the senior category finals of the 9th JK Tyre Rotax Max National Karting Championship at the Kari Motor Speedway on Saturday.The championship leader Anshuman Chatterjee of Team Meco Racing had an unimpressive day as he couldn't better the eighth position he recorded in the opening heat.Meanwhile, Anshuman's teammate Karminder Pal Singh, who had a silent season so far, did well to keep Ameya on his toes. In the second heat, Chittesh Mandody of Team Mohites Racing was leading Ameya by 0.37sec but suffered a setback when he had to pull out due to a mechanical glitch.In the Junior Max category' however, Kush Maini of Team Maini Racing dominated the proceedings. Kush topped the qualifying as well as both heats too and looked completely in the zone. Dhruv Mohite and Krishnaraj Mahadik of Team Mohites Racing had to be content with the second and third spots respectively.In the Micro Max section' Pradyumn V Danigod of Team Mohites Racing showed his prowess. The current championship leader delivered a best lap time of the day by recording 45.1sec. Danigold continued the good work by nailing the opening heat but missed out in the next run. Danigold's teammate Phaneesh and the twelve-year old girl from Baroda, Mira Erda, of Team Maini Racing will vie for top honours on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358768", "title": "Anupama Sarkar case: Chargesheet against CTU driver ready", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Twelve days after the death of Anupama Sarkar, a school student, police have prepared a chargesheet against accused CTU driver Arun Kumar and would send it for legal scrutiny shortly.Arun has been charged with rash and negligent driving and also causing death due to negligent driving. Arun is presently out on bail. A separate departmental inquiry against Arun is also being conducted by the CTU. Harjeet Kaur, SHO of the Sector 19 police station, said legal formalities in connection with the chargesheet against Arun have been completed.Chandigarh has witnessed 39 fatal road accidents involving buses including government and private ones in the last one-and-a-half years. Of these, CTU buses were involved in 12 accidents. A total of 27 non-fatal accidents, in which people were injured, involved CTU buses. DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said, \"We have asked CTU authorities to take appropriate action against negligent drivers and have also asked them to make their drivers more responsible while driving.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357409", "title": "Civic body reveals identity of RTI applicant to institutes", "text": "MUMBAI: When Vineet Shah, an RTI activist from Bhayander, sought details of educational institutes in the region from the civic education department, little did he know that school and college officials would come knocking on his door with files containing the information he had asked for.On May 15, Shah made an application to the public information officer (PIO) of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC), education officer Anil Bagle, seeking the number of educational institutions that had government recognition, whether the schools and colleges had obtained a fire brigade NOC and the last inspection conducted by the education department, among other things.The PIO directed his five group heads to gather details from the educational institutions in the region. Insteadof gathering information from schools and colleges, the group heads wrote to the educational institutions to pass on the details directly to the RTI applicant.\"From July 10, I started getting calls from schools and colleges, asking if I had filed an RTI application,\" said Shah. However, what took him by surprise was that school clerks and officials landed up at his house with files that necessarily did not contain what he had sought.The education department had sent a list of 166 government -recognized schools and colleges to Shah, but now he is worried that all the institutes may come knocking on his door. Shah claimed as the MBMC had revealed his identity, it had caused him immense harassment. Schools and colleges had been expressing displeasure at his information gathering, he said.RTI activists in the region claimed that revealing names of information seekers had become a practice for PIOs of various departments of the municipality. An RTI activist from Mira Road, who had sought information about road contracts, said he was threatened by alleged contractors for digging into their records. The contractors had landed up at his house unannounced. \"My family was shattered when unknown people landed up at my house and demanded to know why I was interested in the information.\"Another Mira Road activist, who had sought information about permissions to residential buildings, said even before the detail gathering process began, he started getting calls to back out and agree on a settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358855", "title": "Mother claims newborn girl snatched", "text": "PUNE: A 26-day-old baby girl was allegedly snatched from her mother's arms near KEM hospital in Somwar Peth by two unidentified men on a motorcycle on Saturday afternoon.Muskan Shaikh (32) of Mominpura in Ghorpade Peth has said in her complaint that she had received a telephone call from the hospital asking her to bring her baby to the out-patient department for medical treatment.Muskan's complaint states that on reaching the hospital, the medical staff denied having made the call to her. Subsequently, she left the hospital and was waiting for an autorickshaw outside, when two men travelling on a motorcycle approached her. They told her to advise her husband Sameer to 'behave', threatening to kill their daughter.The complaint says the men, whose faces were covered, allegedly kicked Muskan in the stomach, snatched the baby from her and fled. The incident took place around 12.45 pm.Senior police inspector Ganpat Nikam of the Samarth police station told TOI that the incident took place in a crowded place, but no one appears to have seen the incident. Muskan did not raise an alarm after the incident, he said.Nikam said that the baby suffers from a blood disorder and was twice discharged from the hospital. The baby has been receiving injections regularly.The hospital staff has denied that Muskan had approached them, Nikam stated. He added that Muskan also has a seven-year-old son.\"There are discrepancies in the complaint, but we are not taking any chances. We have deployed teams to trace the baby, but we suspect that the baby may have been taken by an acquaintance. We are investigating if there was any quarrel between the couple or if they have any dispute with anyone else,\" Nikam added.Muskan has lodgesd a kidnapping case against unidentified persons under relevant sections of the IPC. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357781", "title": "Hands-on Chidambaram keeping finance ministry bureaucrats on toes", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I am used to coming to work on Saturdays. The only change is I have company today,\" said a senior ministry official, as he discusses the new finance minister P Chidambaram's style of work.But the officer is clearly in a minority as several of his colleagues are already complaining as they stare at the prospect of a working weekend with those above joint secretary rank asked to work on Sunday as well. Junior officers are a worried lot as they are dreading the thought of being summoned to office by their bosses on Sunday.For almost everyone in the finance ministry, the working hours have just got longer since Chidambaram took charge on Wednesday. Besides, they know that a file sent to the minister will come back within hours, something that the lawyer-turned-politician has himself told officers. This is in sharp contrast to the last three-and-a-half years, when his predecessor Pranab Mukherjee would hardly ever chase a file.Several layers have simply been done away with. From a file first going to the private secretary or an officer on special duty to the advisor and then finally landing on the finance minister's desk with several notes and 'Post-Its', now it moves directly to Chidambaram. Even on the day he took charge, the new finance minister, who is doing his third stint in the ministry, cleared files.Then, there are notes that he calls for and needed to be delivered within a couple of hours \u2014 an almost unthinkable task since Chidambaram moved to the home ministry at the other end of North Block.But paperwork is just one of the challenges. The bigger challenge is how to deal with a hands-on minister with a mastery of details, who, officers themselves admit, is more aware of the issues. Several of them have got a taste of it, with Chidambaram tossing at them questions ranging from how subsidies are disbursed to the most basic tax issues.\"He is quite familiar with the issues. After all, he was dealing with them just three years ago and even after he left the ministry, he was on most GoMs (groups of ministers). Basically, he is trying to get the latest position. Sometimes his curiosity seems designed to test our preparedness,\" said a senior officer, who has had more than a couple of meetings with him.Chidambaram has been meeting officers from various departments in groups, starting with those above deputy secretary rank. For instance, he met the expenditure department officers on Thursday and followed it up with their counterparts in economic affairs on a day later. He met the direct and indirect tax wings of the revenue department and called officers in small lots on Saturday too.There is one more change \u2014 meetings begin at their appointed time. So, those who have turned up late have already been pulled up. Given that he himself comes in by 9.30am and goes for only a short lunch break, officers are getting used to the new work schedule.Although Chidambaram is yet to unveil his agenda to get the economy back on track, the message is already out: he means business, and at a speed several officials are not used to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357668", "title": "No action against shaky buildings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apart from conducting surveys of dangerous buildings in the capital, the civic agencies have done little to ensure the safety of buildings in the area.Soon after the building collapse in Lalita Park, the National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM) had carried out a large-scale survey in Trans-Yamuna to identify structurally weak buildings.Similarly, MCD had constituted a dangerous building cell to indentify and demolish dangerous buildings in the Walled City. \"We have identified dangerous buildings in the area but no action has been taken so far. We are soon going to serve notices to owners of dangerous buildings, asking them to demolish the structure. If people don't comply, then we will start the demolition,'' said Mahek Singh, chairman, standing committee of East Delhi Municipal Corporation.In city zone of NDMC, 25,725 properties were surveyed and close to 42 were found to be dangerous. Only seven have been demolished so far. \"The drive against illegal structures was on hold due to MCD trifurcation. Now that buildings have been identified, we will start action soon,'' said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Corporation.Apart from taking action against buildings, experts say, the civic agencies should also keep a check when a building is under-construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15365734", "title": "BJD to abstain from vice president's election polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After playing a lead role in P A Sangma's unsuccessful bid to enter the Rashtrapati Bhavan, BJD on Sunday decided to abstain from voting in the vice-president election on August 7.\"After consulting the members of Parliament and other senior leaders of BJD, it has been decided that our party will abstain from the election of vice-president,\" BJD president Naveen Patnaik told media persons. The announcement came after Naveen discussed the issue with various party leaders at his residence here.BJD has 14 members in Lok Sabha , seven members, including suspended leader Pyarimohann Mohapatra, in Rajya Sabha besides support of A B Swamy (an Independent member in RS).Cuttack MP Bhatruhari Mahatab said, \"The party took the decision in tune with its policy since 2009 of maintaining equidistance from the BJP and the Congress.\" On how BJD and BJP had come together during the president election last month, Mahatab said it was Naveen who on May 17 was the first to propose Sangma's candidature and the BJP decided to support the proposal after five-six weeks.BJD sources said Naveen was unsure on whether to support UPA's vice-president candidate Hamid Ansari or NDA's choice Jaswant Singh. \"BJP had supported BJD's candidate Sangma in the race for Raisina Hill, but if we support Singh it could send the message we are cozying up to our former ally,\" said a senior BJD leader. \"Supporting Ansari could affect BJD's anti-Congress stand,\" the leader added.The BJD has since splitting with the BJP in March, 2009, been advocating a policy of equidistance from the two main national parties. Naveen has gone on record expressing a need for an alternative to the \"thoroughly corrupt\" UPA and \"communally tainted\" NDA.(ends)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357515", "title": "A suitable divorcee", "text": "Saath Saath, a new match-making initiative, brings Muslim widows, widowers and divorcees together for another shot at matrimonial blissNausheen Abdul Aziz has been living with her mother ever since her divorce last year. With practically nil prospects of remarriage, she had begun to adjust to the life of a singleton, raising her college-going daughter. Then last month she attended a meet at Islam Gymkhana organised by Saath Saath, a match-making initiative exclusively for divorcees, widows and widowers. \"I met half a dozen families of prospective grooms. Though I didn't get the kind of husband I am looking for, the meeting rekindled my hopes of getting remarried,\" Nausheen says. \"I am now searching for a suitable groom with renewed confidence.\"Nausheen is just one of the many Muslim divorcees/widows/widowers whom Saath Saath has endowed with renewed hope. The initiative, which has candidates and their families sit across one another to explore the possibilities of choosing life partners, is a facilitator which, in its own way, is trying to revolutionise the conservative Muslim mindset and society. Islam may sanction the remarriage of divorcees and widows and also prescribe divine blessings for those who marry talaqshudas (divorcees) and bewas (widows)\u2014yet, there is a stigma associated with them, the former more than the latter. \"Women are generally blamed for a divorce. The general perception is that there must be something wrong with a girl who gets divorced,\" says Rizwana Junaid Punjwani, Saath Saath's founder.This crisis gets confounded also because of a clause in the Muslim Personal Law which gives men the right to talaq (divorce) while women can only seek khula (separation). In such a situation, the remarriage of divorced women becomes more difficult. Which is why the efforts of Saath Saath are both laudable and significant.Launched a couple of months ago, Saath Saath saw 32 people registering for its first meet at Islam Gymkhana. \"Seventy-five of the participants were women. This shows that women are more open to remarriage than men,\" says Punjwani. Significantly, Saath Saath gives its services absolutely free. \"Professional marriage bureaus charge a bomb and at times cheat their clients too. I am tired of registering my daughter Nikhat, who divorced three years ago, with them,\" says the Pune-based Abdul Kader, who is all praise for Punjwani.Punjwani, happily married to a businessman with two college-going daughters, says that she volunteered to do it because \"nobody pays attention to the problems the divorcees and widows face\". \"You may not get a match of your choice easily even if the professional match maker charges you a hefty fee. My job is to bring the two groups together, make them sit and chat and decide,\" she says. So far she has held just one meeting and plans another meet soon after Ramzan.Saath Saath's method is very simple. Punjwani first announces the date of the meeting in the community magazine Divine Path and asks the candidates to send in their CVs, photographs, contact details and a short write-up on their expectations from would-be partners. Those who confirm attendance have to pay for the buffet at the venue while the hall is booked by Saath Saath. So over a sumptuous lunch and cups of coffee and tea, the candidates and their families, talk for hours.Najeeb Bandukwala, 46, a divorcee since 2010, met four girls at Saath Saath's meeting last month. However all four refused him on the ground that he had two children from his previous marriage. Ironically, that had been Bandukwala's condition too\u2014he was \"willing\" to marry a divorcee but not one with children. The refusals blasted his male supremacist belief that men have the upper hand in finalising a marriage proposal, even one for a second marriage.Nadeem Khanda, 26, was luckier. Looking for a bride who would agree to live in a joint family, he says the initiative \"immensely benefited\" him and he was about to finalise marriage with one of the five girls he met.Though Saath Saath's was an exclusive meet for divorcees, widows and widowers, it had Abdur Rahman, 55, a bachelor from Mahim turn up as well. Punjwani regrets that she couldn't find a match for Rahman. Perhaps he should try his luck at another conclave to be announced shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15364224", "title": "Demand for safe school transport for students", "text": "PUNE: The Shikshan Hakka Manch, a group working for educational rights, has warned that it will initiate a major agitation if the PMPML does not increase the number of buses for students. PMPML has introduced free travel scheme for school students in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad. However the students are facing severe inconvenience and hardships due to lack of adequate number of buses.President of the Manch Matin Mujavar and other office-bearers in a statement said that although PMPML has provided 18 buses for students, they are inadequate in number. We have demanded that PMPML should provide another 20 buses only for transportation of school children. The safety of students is important. We have appraised the PMPML about our demands'', a statement issued by the manch said. City president Ashok Dhumal said that the Pune Municipal Corporation, and the corporation's school board have also given an assurance to the manch that the transport services for students will be improved.The manch said that there are safety rules for private school bus operators. These rules should also be made applicable for PMPML buses. The bus conductors should ensure safety of students. PMPML should also appoint its staff at bus-stops to ensure that the safety rules are implemented.PMPML's free travel scheme for students is being implemented for the last three years. The Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation have promised PMPML to provide the necessary funds for implementing the scheme. PMPML authorities however have said that dues worth crores of rupees are pending with the two municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356834", "title": "Govt's Puja gift: Car registration in 72 hours", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has a Puja gift for car owners - they can get the registration number in 72 hours flat. At present, they have to wait a month for it.When the Left Front government had introduced the smart card system (computerised registration and licensing of new vehicles) they had promised that the service would be available in 24 hours. But in reality, it takes a new car owner 30 to 45 days to get the smart card.\"We are trying to change this,\" said transport minister Madan Mitra at Writers' Buildings on Saturday. \"The new system will be in place before Durga Puja so that all those trying to buy new cars during the festive season can get their cars registered in a hassle-free manner.\"The public vehicles department (PVD) and the RTOs are preparing to issue the registration cards within 72 hours of receiving an application. Also, residents will be able to get their vehicles registered without being physically present.The minister said a new software would be introduced to prevent irregularities in the registration and licensing system. Previously one had to fill up a form at the PVD and wait for at least a month for registration. Now, the transport department and the National Informatics Centre will open a facility through which the resident can send applications through email and the smart card will be issued in 72 hours after the required verifications. PVD will issue the high security number plate immediately.\"Previously, a new car owner could drive it without the registration number and the number plate for a month because that was the time needed to process and dispatch them. Now, he gets it in 72 hours and so there will be no need to play into the hands of corrupt transport staff in case there is delay,\" Mitra explained.The transport department is also trying to ease the process of registration for non-resident Bengalis, the minister said. He announced another vital decision - those who are harassed because of licences being dispatched by post can now get it from the PVD itself. Commercial licences will be issued in three days instead of three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356700", "title": "Mujib's narco test reveals Indian Mujahideen secrets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mujib Shaikh, a prominent accused in the Ahmedabad serial blasts case, has told investigators the inside story about the planning and execution of serial blasts on July 26, 2008. The information emerged during the narcoanalysis of Shaikh - an Ahmedabad resident - carried out by Madhya Pradesh Police at Directorate of Forensic Sciences, Gandhinagar , earlier this year.Apart from details about the terror operation, Shaikh also divulged the secrets of Indian Mujahideen (IM) cadre and its plans. Shaikh will be brought to the city by crime branch officials for questioning on Sunday.Shaikh is the first member of IM to undergo narcoanalysis, giving written consent to the court before the procedure.Shaikh, now 31, was arrested by Madhya Pradesh anti-terrorist squad last year. He was among the 17 IM operatives caught in two operations - in Jabalpur and Bhopal. His dossier with the city crime branch identifies him as an imitation-stone polisher living in Juhapura. He attended the Halol training camp organized by Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) in January 2008, said a crime branch official. \"An active SIMI member in the city, he was entrusted with logistics and contacting local youths who arranged for bicycles and later planted the bombs,\" the official said. \"He has been charged with attending all the meetings in which the planning for the Ahmedabad serial blasts took place, and also for planting an improvised explosive device near the diamond market in Bapunagar.\"Officials said that the narco test revealed the identities of persons involved in various serial blasts and terror attacks across the country, the flow of financial and logistic aid, and the locations to which the terrorists fled after the strikes. The test also indicated that the network, though dormant, can be utilized to launch future attacks. Last week, the city police secured the custody of Dr Abu Faizal and Mehboob Shaikh, who were caught with Shaikh from MP.Officials added that Shaikh was also important because he was the man with whom Abdus Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqeer, an elusive IM operative, was last seen in 2008. The sighting happened near the India-Nepal border. After the blasts, Shaikh left the city with a team from Delhi, which included Zeeshan Shaikh and Mohammed Saif, who were killed in the Batla House encounter by Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356728", "title": "High drama in Gujarat University over syndicate polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The vice-chancellor's office in Gujarat University (GU) turned into a virtual political battlefield as Congress and BJP leaders came face to face over the issue of a public notification announcing syndicate elections. Acting vice chancellor, Dr Mukul Shah, apprehending a threat protected himself with two bouncers even as he faced heat in the presence of over teams of policemen who reported for duty at the campus.The drama at the campus began as Congress and National Students Union of India (NSUI) leaders confronted the acting VC over why he hadn't issue a notification announcing syndicate elections.When Dr Shah said the Congress should ask their member, who is heading the VC search committee to find a new VC to expedite the search, Congress leader and syndicate member Narhari Amin said that there was no need to wait for the new VC to resolve the syndicate elections issue.\"Former VC Parimal Trivedi has issued the directives. The acting VC only needs to issue a notification,\" Amin said. Congress leaders alleged that the VC's office is deliberately dragging its feet on the elections issue as it fears that the BJP will lose its hold on GU if elections are held.Meanwhile, acting registrar Baldev Patel submitted his resignation, saying he is being accused of non-action.Over 50 policemen were called to the GU premises early on Saturday morning, fearing trouble over the issue. Two bouncers accompanying Dr Mukul Shah invited hoots and sloganeering from the leaders. The musclemen were later seen relaxing in the VC's ante-chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15357955", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon tears down wall wrap ads", "text": "GURGAON: The enforcement wing of the MCG carried out a drive to remove illegal advertisement hoardings put up by a mall owner in the city. The MCG officials carried out the drive after repeated reminders to Ambience Mall to pay advertisement tax.\"We have been asking the owner of Ambience Mall to pay advertisement tax but he has failed to do so. We have been sending repeated reminders since 2011. We decided to remove the wall wrap advertisement and other hoardings ourselves. We had the police protection and the SHO of DLF Phase II police station was also present,\" said Anju Chaudhary, joint commissioner, MCG.\"We were able to remove around 20 wall wraps and we will continue to carry out such drives in other malls and establishments that have not bothered to pay us the advertisement tax and are still displaying them,\" she added. The MCG and mall owners have not been able to reach an agreement on the advertisement rate that needs to be paid and therefore the owners continue to flout rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356805", "title": "Krushi Bank scamster faces more trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CID has obtained Thailand government's consent to prosecute Kosaraju Venkateswara Rao, the prime accused in the Rs 32 crore Krushi Bank scam case, in another fraud case.Rao, the former chairman of the Hyderabad-based Krushi Bank, was extradited from Bangkok 12 years back in connection with the multi-crore scam and is currently on bail. CID officials, in a release, said that vetting of the 1995Steel City Share Dealers' Welfare Association, Visakhapatnam files revealed that some share certificates were not genuine as the signatures on them were found to be dubious. A cheating case was registered against Rao and eight others for issuing fake share certificates.Police approached the Thai government through the Union external affairs ministry seeking waiver of the 'principle of specialty' to enable prosecution of Rao in the case registered in Vizag in 2005. tnn &amp; agenciesThai government, through their embassy, informed the ministry of external affairs about waiving the \"principle of specialty\" with a view to enable the Indian government to prosecute Rao for the additional offence other than the Krushi Bank case.Venkateshwar Rao was extradited from Bangkok several years ago.Besides Venkateshwar Rao, nine others were arrested in the past and chargesheet was also filed in the concerned court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362268", "title": "Walayar Paramasivam will start shooting by November", "text": "Dileep-Joshiy team's much talked-about sequel to their 2004 superhit is officially greenlit.The director confirms, \" Yes , my next project will be Walayar Paramasivam with Dileep . We've zeroed in on a plot and Sibi K Thomas and Udayakrishna will begin scripting the film soon.\"Fans would be excited with the news as Runway marked a upswing in box office for the director and strengthened Dileep's superstardom status in the industry as the actor, mostly known for his comedy roles, proved he could do action roles too.Joshiy also has a featurette with Mohanlal in works for the action anthology D Company and his upcoming Onam release Run Babby Run to look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15366952", "title": "Children's Movement for Civic Awareness teaches children to save power", "text": "MUMBAI: This year's inaugural event, of Children's Movement for Civic Awareness (CMCA) took place on August 4 and Femina Miss India Earth, Prachi Mishra, was the chief guest.Two campaigns on the critical issue of \"Power\" were officially launched at the event. One being the Chiraag Movement, wherein children will raise funds for solar lamps that will be given to villages without electricity. CMCA had partnered the Chiraag movement last year too, where children had raised over Rs.7 lakhs that helped to bring light to over 1100 families in rural India.The second being the \"Save One Watt\" campaign - where children will be sensitised to save every watt possible and spread the message to others around them was also announced. As part of this project, children will even do an audit of the electricity consumption in their schools and devise various means of reducing power usage.Speaking on the occasion, Prachi urged the children to join the movement and help bring light to thousand of Indians who live without it. The grand finale of the show was a live band performance by \"Dharavi Rocks\" - the children from Dharavi, who eke out a living by collecting reusable and recyclable waste. Much of their music was created on the waste material that they have collected. Children's Movement for Civic Awareness (CMCA) is a movement of school children in Mumbai, Bangalore &amp; 4 other cities, founded on the belief that children are the most powerful messengers of change. Sent from BlackBerry\u00ae on Airtel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364273", "title": "Jamsandekar murder verdict on August 21", "text": "MUMBAI: The Special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) court will pronounce the judgment in the murder case of Shiv Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar on August 21.The judgement was scheduled to be pronounced on Tuesday. However, it has now been adjourned.In July a prime accused in the murder died in a city based hospital. The accused Bala Surve, was suffering from several ailments including diabetes. At the time of his death he was under dialysis and had stopped responding to treatment over the past few days.The judgement was then adjourned to July 31. According to the defence, Surve's death will have no bearing on the case. The prosecution informed the court about his death. According to the prosecution Surve was arrested for his alleged role in the contract killing. It was he who had allegedly approached gangster-turned-politician Arul Gawli to eliminate Jamsandekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15357000", "title": "Regularise workers with 480 days of service in 2 years: Court", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as thousands of casual and contract employees in various government-run entities in the state are awaiting regularization of their services, the Madras high court has held that if an employee has put in continuous service for 480 days in two calendar years, then his/her service should become permanent automatically.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal was passing orders on the petition of R Lakshmi, whose husband Raju was employed with TNEB contractors at Mettur dam between 1991 and 1999. From 1999 till his death in November 2003, Raju was a helper with TNEB on contract. Lakshmi moved the court seeking his retirement benefits and a job for her daughter under compassionate grounds. TNEB had earlier rejected her application, saying Raju was only a contract worker and his service was never regularized.\"A workman, who has rendered a continuous service of 480 days in a period of 24 calendar months, should be conferred with the permanent status in an establishment. A reading of the Section 3 (1) of the Tamil Nadu Industrial Establishments (conferment of permanent status to workmen) Act, 1981, unerringly points out that it is the duty of an employer to confer permanent status on a workman, who has completed 480 days of service in a period of 24 months,\" the bench said.The judges said such an employee would automatically become a permanent employee even if the employer had not conferred them with the permanent status or even if no direction was issued by the competent authority under the Act.The judges directed the TNEB to grant all retirement and terminal benefits to Lakshmi within four weeks, and asked the board to consider giving a job to her daughter on compassionate grounds too. Relying on a set of Supreme Court judgments, the judges said that every employer should maintain a register of workmen. The list should also be sent to the inspector of factories every six months.The state-run entities like liquor retailer Tasmac, transport corporations and TNEB employ a large number of contract workers. Tasmac's 25,000-strong workforce is mostly made up of contract workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15360441", "title": "Jism 2 collects Rs 7.5 cr on first day", "text": "MUMBAI: Pooja Bhatt's film Jism 2 collected Rs 7.5 cr on the first day of its release.The credit for the film's big opening at the box office goes to its marketing and promotion which generated a lot of curiosity, feel experts.Independent distributor and box office analyst Suniel Wadhwa says,\"Jism2 opened with phenomenal collection across all India - single screens as well as multiplex. Opening day garnered approximately Rs 9 cr, which includes Thursday paid previews of Rs 1 cr. This is the 8th highest opening day collection for 2012 and its also highest ever in Ramzan period. Its opening day box office collection is more than last week's Super Kya Kool Hain Hum, Jannat 2 and Murder 2 which falls under same genre either erotic thriller or sex comedy.\"Innovative marketing across all social media network for the film's promotion proved to be a game changer, Wadhwa says.We expect the film to collect Rs 21 cr in the opening weekend, he adds.Sunny Leone was the big draw for the audiences of Jism 2.A viewer said, \"We had seen her on the internet so there was a lot of curiosity of watching her on the big screen. As a performer she is not great but we came to watch her not her acting.\"Jism 2 was released in 1200 screens with 80 per cent digital prints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357930", "title": "3G spectrum sold at one-fourth price of new 2G formula", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's decision to fix the base price for 2G spectrum auction is drawing comparisons with the price at which radio waves were allocated for 3G services, but there is a huge gap in the reserve price between the two.According to the formula cleared by the Union Cabinet, bidding for one mega hertz of spectrum will start at Rs 2,800 crore. In contrast, at the 3G auction, the reserve price had been fixed at Rs 700 crore a MHz, which is one-fourth of what has been prescribed now. So, for 5 MHz the bidding started at Rs 3,500 crore and the final bid was settled at Rs 16,750 crore. Similarly, for broadband wireless auctions, the price went up from a base of Rs 1,750 crore to Rs 12,850 crore.Although demand was higher and the mood in the economy was far more buoyant two years ago, it is anyone's guess what the final bid will be this time, when bidding starts at Rs 14,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358309", "title": "Raise UG seats by 25%: UP govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The department of higher education on Saturday asked all universities to increase 25% seats in the graduate courses, so that all students who have passed class XII this year are able to get admission. As per the orders, colleges and universities can increase the strength of students in existing classes and their sections from present 60 to 80. In case there is need, the administrative officials can open a new section. While universities can take this decision independently, colleges affiliated to them will have to get a proposal to this effect cleared from the university. Officials however clarified that number of students in a class should not exceed 80.Talking to reporters, secretary, higher education, Sushil Kumar said that provisions for this is already available in the University Rules. The department has sent in a reminder. It may be noted that some 22 lakh students have cleared intermediate exams from UP board alone, many of whom take admission in UG courses.President, Lucknow University Affiliated Colleges Teachers Association, Manoj Singh welcomed the move. He also wrote a letter to vice-chancellor, Lucknow University to hold a meeting of the admission committee as soon as possible and re-start the process of undergraduate admissions, so that those who join the session a little later do not miss much.Experts in the field of higher education say that the decision is not really in the interest of the students. \"Getting admission in a college or university is not enough. What about quality? Where will the government bring teachers from? And how will a student learn or a teacher teach in a class, which is so big?\" questioned Moulindu Mishra, a teacher in Lucknow Christian College. \"Quality of teaching is essential for effective and meaningful research. But, both quality and research appear to be a far cry as for now,\" he added.It may be noted that Lucknow University or any state university in UP does not figure in the top 50 institutions of India. The decision needs to be reviewed in the light of students not interested in taking admission in various state universities and colleges. \"A large number of seats in arts and even science are left vacant, as there are very few takers. Then, a large number of courses in the Lucknow University have closed down over the years because no one was interested in them. So will the increase in seats really help?\" stated Ratika Gupta, a contractual teacher at a girl's degree college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356705", "title": "Valuables stolen from Vadaj home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves broke into a house in Vadaj and decamped with valuables worth Rs 2.65 lakh on Friday night. The burgled house belonged to Girish Chavda who detected the theft on early Saturday morning.Chavda, 29, a resident of Shivshaktinagar, Nava Vadaj, works with a private company. In his complaint, he said that the burglars had broken into his house through an open window while he and his family members were asleep. The booty included gold and silver jewellery and cash, all worth Rs 2.60 lakh. The thieves also stole two mobile phones kept near the bed.\"The theft was detected when Chavda woke up at 3.45 am and saw the safe and cupboard open. He then woke up his family members. They searched for the culprits, but to no avail. We've launched the search for gangs which employ similar modus operandi,\" said a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358769", "title": "Sulphur dioxide could curb TB bacteria, reveals study", "text": "PUNE: Researchers at city-based Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) have found that compounds producing sulphur dioxide (SO2) inhibit the growth of the bacteria that causes tuberculosis (TB).Their research, recently published in the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry, was inspired by the ongoing clinical trials on the use of toxic gas nitrogen oxide to combat the disease. It assumes significance as no new drug for TB has been introduced in the market for several decades now.The recent research has preliminary evidence on SO2 being toxic to the bacteria causing TB, but not to humans at relevant doses.Harinath Chakrapani from IISER, who co-authored the research paper, said, \"Tuberculosis is a disease that affects millions each year. Although the current regimen of antibiotics is largely effective, the alarming rise in multi-drug resistant and extensively drug resistant strains of the bacteria necessitates finding new strategies to find drug candidates, which are chemical compounds that have the potential to be developed into a therapeutic drug.\"Chakrapani said, \"In addition, the number of active TB-related research groups in both academia and industry is fewer in comparison with, for instance, cancer. Our goal, therefore, was to find new approaches to TB drug design. Sulphur dioxide is an environmental pollutant that is produced during the burning of coal, but it is also used in the form of sulfite and bisulfite as a preservative that many of us consume. In addition, sulfites are used as antibiotics in wine making to keep a check on bacterial growth.\"The researchers' hypothesis was that compounds that can produce SO2 can, in principle, act like SO2 and act like an agent that is active against 'mycobacteria' or 'Mycobacterium tuberculosis', the causative agent of TB.\"Our research provides evidence for organic compounds producing SO2 as bacterial growth inhibitors. It has been previously shown that compounds that generate nitric oxide can inhibit bacterial growth. This nitric oxide-based compound is currently in clinical trials as a TB drug candidate. It is interesting that both gases are pollutants and can cause harm to cells at elevated levels. In our work, however, we find some preliminary evidence for the use of SO2 as being toxic to bacteria but not to humans at 'relevant' doses,\" said Chakrapani.As a part of their study, the team had designed and synthesised compounds that can generate SO2 in a test tube. This set of compounds was found to inhibit the bacteria's growth in a manner that was dependent on the rate of SO2 generation. \"We also prepared closely resembling compounds that do not produce sulphur dioxide. This latter set of compounds was not active in inhibiting bacterial growth, while only compounds that produced SO2 in a test tube were active against the bacteria,\" he said.The researchers are still investigating the exact mechanisms by which SO2 inhibits bacterial growth. \"As finding new strategies for TB drug design are challenging, we are delighted that our preliminary studies are encouraging. We are also working on new methodologies to generate SO2 so that we could better understand both the chemical and biological basis of action of these drug candidates. Apart from this, we are also looking at the concept of 'hybrid drugs', wherein two drugs of a distinct mode of action may be combined to produce one drug with superior efficacy,\" he said.The use of controlled generation of toxic species of compounds as a mode of new drug design is a focus area of this group of researchers. The team is also looking to expand the scope of both kinds of reactive and toxic species of compounds and their disease targets. \"In future, we anticipate that these drug candidates may be used in combination with existing drugs especially in tuberculosis-based drug design,\" said Chakrapani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357197", "title": "State panel gets space after 1.5 years", "text": "NASHIK: After a wait of nearly one and half years, the state information commission's Nashik bench has finally got space for its office at Pinnacle Mall, Trimbak Naka.The commission has been given the 3,050 sq ft pace on the fourth floor, officials from the revenue department said.Ever since the commission's Nashik bench was started in 15 October 2010, it has been hearing cases from the North Maharashtra region at the government guest house. It was a long wait since then and led to inconveniences, especially whenthere were any importnat visitors staying at the guest house.\"Despite visitors being made aware of the situation, following the conclusion of hearings, citizens had to face checks before reaching the the second floor office of the commission,\" sources said.They added that that the commission had now requested the state government for funds for office-furniture. \"We received a letter from revenue department in July, informing us about the availability of space in July and we are now awaiting sanction to get office furniture. Sooner the sanctions move, the faster will we move to the new place and carry on officials proceedings,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357292", "title": "Idea of organ donation needs more acceptance", "text": "When my father, Ganesh J Kadam, at the age of 80, became critical due to a prolonged illness, a medical team comprising more than 36 doctors tried their best to bring him back to the pink of his health. However, at a juncture where medical treatment started showing its limitations, the doctors briefed our family about the possibility of a negative outcome.Fortunately, all the relatives of our respected 'Baba' had a great understanding of life and the Bhagvad Geeta philosophy attached to it.As the eldest person in the family and being son of the late freedom fighter and ex-member of Parliament, Jagjivan 'Nanaji' Kadam, Baba always believed in the concept of 'service before self' and considered himself as a trustee of society at large. Since his early days, he inculcated these concepts in all his family members. Our family culture across generations also supported this belief. Therefore, when the idea of organ donation came up, the first thing we did was to find out about the different types of organ donations possible today. Initially, I thought that my family would be comfortable with the idea of eye donation but might have a few reservations about 'body donation'.However, to my pleasant surprise, many of my uncles were already thinking in the same direction. Due to God's grace, we could successfully donate Baba's eyes as well as his body in the stipulated time.As a student of science and an avid reader of spiritual books, it was easy for me as well as my family to understand the importance of this cause. We all truly feel that more and more people need to open up to the idea of eye, body and organ donation.In India, there is a growing need for organ donation due to a significant increase in multiple lifestyle disorders. The rapidly advancing medical field has increased the life expectancy of those who are leading a miserable life due to organ failures. Almost all of them can be benefited due to organ donation.At present, about 39 million people in the world are suffering from corneal blindness, out of which 2.5 million live in India alone! These patients can be given eyesight by a surgery called 'Keratoplasty' in which an eye donor's cornea is transplanted in place of the patient's damaged cornea. Donating one's eye is the best possible way of 'seeing the world even after death'. Then, why should we burn the eyes of our loved ones when those same pair of eyes can be used to impart vision to someone in need? Similarly, the process of kidney donation and transplant can help millions of people suffering from kidney failure, with 71,000 of them being in India itself. And, almost all of them have a very favourable chance of having a successful transplant. But, due to a massive shortage in number of kidney donors only one per cent of patients suffering from various kidney ailments actually receive this benefit in India.Also, body donation, a relatively lesser known form of organ donation, is not only a very noble gesture but also a big boon for medical research and development as the bodies are used in medical colleges for studying anatomy, various diseases and also for practicing and developing new surgical techniques.As it is famously said that every new action or an idea is first ridiculed, then violently opposed before finally being accepted as self evident, the same applies to the practice of organ or body donation.The fact that body and organ donation can save millions of lives can no longer be ignored. The need of the hour is to go against social trends and beliefs and take a step in this direction, which can help us achieve the dream of a 'healthy and developed India'.Box: Creating awarenessTo mark the 10{+t}{+h} day of the demise of Dr Satish Kadam's father, the family has organized an awareness seminar on 'Eye, organ and body donation, on Sunday, August 5 at 3pm at Dhande Hall, opposite VNIT main gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356900", "title": "A lesbian, and a proud father", "text": "KOLKATA: When 16-year-old Raunak (name changed) wants to feel pampered, the first thing he does is call up his papa. \"Itna toh aap mere liye kar hi sakte ho. Papa hone ke waastey (This is something you ought to do for me. After all, you are my dad),\" he says with an impish smile. It would be the usual father-son scene in any home but the only difference here is that Raunak calls her papa, Sonalidi.\"If I start addressing someone by a particular name, I can't change it. My parents have parted ways, but I continue to call my biological father 'Pa'. My mother married Sonalidi on March 18, 2011, at Lake Kalibari. Sonalidi is my papa and I share some of my most intimate secrets with her. Even my mother doesn't know some of these secrets,\" says Raunak, who is working at a call centre before joining Class XI.Children like Raunak are no longer exceptions in same-sex relationships. More and more lesbian couples want to be parents.Sandy, who is in a lesbian relationship with Roshni (name changed), says that she loves her partner's son like her own. Sushmita, an athlete from Serampore, has been in a relationship with Mahie (name changed) who is now pregnant. Once the baby is born, Mahie plans to dissolve her marriage and move in with Sushmita. As Sonali, Sandy and Sushmita happily slip into father-figure roles, they are also inspiring many others within the lesbian community to come out in the open.While the law might not recognize such marriages, there is no dearth of curiosity over how a woman who is married and is a mother can then live happily ever after as a lesbian.The revelationSitting in her posh flat in Teghoria, north Kolkata, Alka Kedwal recalls how she got clarity about her own sexuality. \"Being a Rajput, it was important for my family to get me married to the first 'rishta' that came for me. I was only 18. My father was an IAF pilot and my mother a gynaecologist and I came from an affluent family. But my in-laws were very conservative. They insisted that I cover my face with my pallu and wear all the heavy gold jewellery all the time. I felt imprisoned. For the first two to three years, I enjoyed sex with my husband. Raunak was born. But my in-laws never accepted him because he was born very weak. That hurt and with the constant friction with my mother-in-law I could no longer live with them. My husband and I moved out to Noida with the kid.\"She took up a job and once, while vacationing in Mumbai, met a girl. The chemistry was electric, she recalls. She found what she was missing all these years. When the girl came to Delhi for two days, Alka insisted that she stay back for three months at her expense. The two got close, introduced each other as sisters, and opened a coffee shop in Mumbai. \"Initially, I was perplexed at being attracted to a girl. I thought there was something wrong with me. But then, when I met many such girls in same-sex relationships, I realized that I was a late-bloomer. Eight years after being in love, I popped the question of getting physically close. She agreed.\"It didn't last long because Alka caught her partner two-timing with another girl and also a guy. \"But I've never again felt attracted to a man. I had had sex with my husband because it was a done thing after marriage. But what I got from my lesbian relationship was care, understanding, love, affection and sexual satisfaction,\" Alka says.Fighting the tabooIn Sandy's case, it was a chance encounter on a social networking site that got her close to her partner in Varanasi. \"Roshni has a 12-year-old son but that hasn't changed anything about our relationship. As a teenager, she was attracted towards girls but nobody in her family would ever respect that choice. She was married off and had a conjugal life with her husband. But when she told her in-laws that she no more liked her husband's touch , they were baffled. For four years, she compromised till she got pregnant accidentally. A son was born but she knew that leading a conjugal life was not possible for her. She has sympathy for her husband but no attachment. When I went to meet her, I realized that I could not separate her from her son. So, I have asked her to take her time and wait for her husband to grant divorce. Then the three of us will move in,\" says Sandy.Roshni told TOI from Varanasi: \"I have been slightly confused about my sexual preference. I think, I am a born lesbian but since my society never allowed me to explore it, I thought there was something wrong with my choice. I was forced to get married and had a baby. But I realized that I never enjoyed sex with my husband. Finally, I told him that I couldn't continue this way. He guesses that I could be a lesbian, but I haven't come out in the open yet. I want a divorce but he is not relenting. My son likes my partner and I am hoping that with time, he will understand the relationship I share with Sandy.\"Playing father", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357767", "title": "Monster parents get 10 years\u2019 jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday sentenced an ex-army major and his second wife to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for torturing \"systematically and with meticulous planning\" his three-year-old child from his first wife seven years ago. Repeated beatings by the 'monster parents' had led to physical and mental deformities in the child.Rejecting Lalit and Preeti Balhara's plea for probation, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat directed the couple to pay Rs 1,20,000 to the victim, Shaurya.As first reported by TOI, the court had on July 30, 2012, convicted the couple for attempt to murder and offences under the Juvenile Justice Act. It had said that the intention of the couple behind the repeated beatings was to \"cause the death of the victim in an unsuspecting manner\". Terming their offence perverse and barbaric, the court said the couple deserved harsh punishment as they did not beat the child on the spur of the moment but tortured him for over two years. \"The convicts have been found guilty of making a continued and systematic attempt to kill the minor child by unleashing a reign of terror... The child was just three years of age when he fell prey to the... barbarism of the convicts,\" the judge said, adding that the couple became \"butchers and monster\" for the child.The court's order didn't seem to unnerve the couple, who maintained their demeanour throughout the hearing. Dressed in blue cheque shirt and pants, Lalit along with his wife Preeti, who was wearing a black suit, sat in the courtroom silently with their faces covered with a cloth while the police completed the arrest procedure. Their counsel later said that they will appeal against the court's order. He also claimed that the couple took the judgment copy from the court to read it and only then they will decide on the next step.In its order, the court noted that the Lalit and his second wife Preeti did not belong to the socially backward class but were infact \"highly educated and knew the distinction between right and wrong, lawful and unlawful\" and yet they \"systematically and with meticulously\" continued with the crime.\"Dangerous injuries, both physical as well neurodevelopemental, were suffered by the victim and the injuries required extensive treatment. The victim was none other than own son of the convict's, whom they were morally and legally duty-bound to maintain, educate and make good citizen. They were his guardians and protectors but instead became butchers and monster for him,\" the court.The boy, now 13, was first brought to the hospital on April 23, 2002 at the age of three for treatment of alleged consumption of insecticide by him. In weeks and months ahead, the hospital virtually became his second home where he was admitted repeatedly for treatment of various injuries ranging from fractured ribs to bleeding skull and smashed teeth and all the time with a starved look.The case came to light in 2005 when the minor's maternal grandparents had moved the high court seeking his custody, accusing Lalit Balhara and Preeti of torturing him after the death of the child's mother. Taken aback by his physical and mental condition, the court had sought a medical report on his condition. The medical report said \"parents were unable to explain as to why the child sustained injuries and concluded that the minor boy was suffering from a 'battered baby syndrome'- a combination of physical injuries such as broken bones, bruises, burns and malnutrition as a result of gross abuse by a parent or caregiver.After going through the reports, the HC handed over the child's custody to his maternal grandfather, saying \"investigation is needed to ascertain the manner in which injuries have been caused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "15358263", "title": "Ghaghra, Saryu render many homeless in state", "text": "FAIZABAD: The regular rising water levels of Saryu and Ghaghra have brought disaster on the river banks, and breached the embankments at many places. During the last two days about a dozen houses in different villages of in Barabanki district have been reported to be washed away. About half-a-dozen houses in Faizabad too have been submerged in the river.Hundreds of local people and their livestock, living permanently on river banks, are now at the verge of starvation. The affected people have alleged that the government departments are neither providing them relief and nor reaching out to them even to know their pathetic conditions.A senior administrative officer while talking to TOI, said, \"Ghaghra and Saryu were never flooded due to rains in the area. The main reason behind it the release of water from Nepal's Bambasa and Girijapuri dams after regular interval of times. As a result, Ghaghra and other rivers in east UP are overflowing.\" The continuous heavy rain in Uttarakhand has only added to the existing problems.Meanwhile, several districts of the state which were facing a threat of drought due to deficient rains are now witnessing a flood like situation following heavy rains and flash floods in Uttarakhand and Nepal. While rivers coming from Nepal - Ghaghra, Rapti and Saryu - are flooding eastern parts of the state, the rivers originating from Uttarakhand - Ganga and Yamuna -- are posing a threat in west UP. The water level of Ganga was rising in Ghaziabad, Kannauj, Naroa, Kanpur, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ballia and Ghazipur, while the Yamuna was in spate in Agra, Mathura, Allahabad and Banda. Ramganga had flooded low lying areas of Bijnor, Moradabad and Bareilly.Ghaghra, Sharda, Rapti and Saryu had flooded many villages in Bahraich, Lakhimpur Kheri, Sitapur, Faizabad, Balrampur and Gonda. The Elgin Charhari embankment renovated last year was under threat in Barabanki-Gonda border. Several villages were flooded in Barabanki, displacing scores of families, which were forced to take refuge at higher places.Reports from Gonda said that relief commissioner L Venkateshwar Loo held a meeting of the four districts of Devipatan division in view of the danger of flood. PAC has been deployed at some places to carry out relief measures. As per Central Water Commission, Sharda at Palia Kalan, Ghaghara at Elgin bridge and Ayodhya and Burhi Rapti at Kakrahi were flowing above the danger mark.In Balrampur, flood water has engulfed about three dozens village. Balrampur district magistrate Arvind Dwivedi said that he has alerted all flood out posts. In Ayodhya, Saryu is flowing 92 units above the danger level. In Barabanki, Ghaghra has rendered about 2,000 people homeless. UP minister Arvind Singh Gope visited the flood affected areas.Two children also drowned in the swollen Ghaghra in Azamgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15360877", "title": "Cheers to our bond, pals!", "text": "On International Friendship Day, we explore the relevance of the bond of friendship among today's youthWe are not quite sure whether The Rembrandts quite realized that their song, I'll Be There For You, would become so famous. Though it's popularly known as the theme song for the TV series, F.R.I.E.N.D.S, it did become a song to celebrate friendship. While it's been over 50 years since the day was recognized to honour the bond of friendship, the day became relevant in India just a decade ago, what with its commercialization through cards, bands, et al. But with social networking and B-wood movies giving a whole new perspective on friendship today, we explore what's trending this year...'Frandship' only on social mediaWith social networking taking a swirl on our lives, remembering birthdays and expressing the best and worst moments of life is all on the web now. As graphic designer Chalukyan SG says, \"I'd added several friends on my social networking page when I'd joined. They are more like friends with benefits \u2014 art lovers and budding artists share knowledge about the field and that is quite helpful. Though it isn't 'real' friendship, social media friends have personally encouraged me in several ways.\"Friendship in the movies have changedPawan Kumar, whose film Lifeu Ishtene had a subtle message about friendship, says that movies based on friendship themes have undergone a sea change. \"Earlier there were several movies made on bromance. Except for a few films, we don't really see movies of that sort, at least in Sandalwood. Films based on friendship don't really depict a strong emotional connect between the friends. It's more light-hearted, quirky and fun. The concept of friendship has changed,\" he says.It's a high-school festivalActor Jennifer Kotwal believes that Friendship Day is more of a school concept. \"I used to make friendship bands when I was in school. The day has become more subjective now. Perhaps that's why the average working professional doesn't know of it. If they do, it's because of social media.\" Youngsters say the day doesn't have relevance in today's world. Adithi Hulyalkar, a 19-year-old college student, adds, \"I'm not going to do anything special, because I know what each of my friends mean to me, and we should express our love daily.\"There is a change in relationshipsPsychologist Vikram Prabhu says that the concept of friendship has changed over the years. \"Time and social media have changed the meaning of friendships. In a way, social media has made life mundane. There is a lack of intimacy. Having said that, people long to have friendships which come with an emotional bonding, but can't find the time for it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15365659", "title": "UP government proposes 20 percent houses for poor", "text": "LUCKNOW: With an emphasis on housing for urban poor, the Akhilesh Yadav government has proposed to reserve 20 per cent houses and plots for the poor. The provision will be made in all upcoming schemes of various development agencies in the new housing policy.The ruling state government feels that the housing policy formulated by the Mayawati Government falls short of addressing the requirements of cities which are growing at a rapid pace due to migration of poor from rural areas. The Housing and Urban Planning department has been given the responsibility to prepare the draft of the new policy, according to sources.The draft proposal will subsequently be sent to all concerned departments seeking their suggestions before placing them before the cabinet for approval.Sources said that the new policy would stress on building small houses and developing small plots of 300-800 square feet area to make them accessible for poor who, if left out of housing schemes, only contribute to unplanned development of towns and cities.In the proposed policy, construction of 20 per cent houses of any scheme for poor could be made compulsory for development authorities and housing boards.Even in the proposed hi-tech cities, a certain percentage of houses and plots could be fixed for urban poor whose population has seen a rapid growth in recent years, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363555", "title": "Stewart 'crying her eyes out and not showering' over cheating scandal", "text": "Kristen Stewart , who is holed up in her former producer Giovanni Agnelli' pad, is acting like a heartbroken teenager.The 22-year-old is said to be in pieces since her break-up with Robert Pattinson and is terrified to face the pubic.The 'Twilight' actress, who issued a public apology to Pattinson after her affair scandal with Rupert Sanders surfaced, cannot comprehend what life would be like without her boyfriend.'She is crying her eyes out non-stop and does not want to communicate with anyone,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source as telling Radaronline.She is beyond mortified and humiliated and she is also broken hearted.'She says she truly loved Rob. She says he was her soul mate, but she blew it and now she is scared that she has lost him forever. She is pretty much inconsolable,\" the source revealed.The devastated star is said to be so upset that she has not showered in several days and is gorging on ice-cream.\"Kristen hasn't showered or changed or washed her hair in several days,' the source said\"She is laying around in her T-shirt and shorts and eating ice cream. She really wants to believe that she can win back Rob, but I think deep down she knows that isn't the case,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15362858", "title": "Bihar has 23,000 freedom fighters and the count is only increasing", "text": "PATNA: The number of freedom fighters in Bihar is refusing to come down for the last several years. Bihar leads in the country with the number of freedom fighters who are getting government pension and perks. This number stands around 23,000, which is highest in the country, and during the last few years the number is almost static.According to home ministry records the number of freedom fighters in UP, Maharashtra, West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh has come down. The Union home ministry is learnt to have asked the state government to do an inquiry and find out if there is some scandal in freedom fighter pension scheme.According to statistics, Patna has 900 freedom fighters, Bhagalpur 650, Darbhanga and Banka 400 each, Jamui 220 and Araria 100 among other districts. The 'Swatantrta Senani Samman Yojna' had been introduced by then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1972 to honour the freedom fighters and provide them monthly pension od Rs 200. This monthly pension has now risen to Rs 10,000. They are also eligible for free travel in AC 2 tier with one attendant.The pension scheme had also a provision that after the demise of the freedom fighter against whom pension is released, his or her dependent including unwed daughters would be entitled to claim the pension. A home department official said, \"It seems the freedom fighters pension records have not been updated during the last few years in the districts. The district magistrates are being asked to send the details of freedom fighters in their district with their pension records.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15358286", "title": "Duo with fake passports held", "text": "VASCO: Two men were arrested with fake passports at Dabolim airport after they flew down to Goa in an Air Arabia flight from Muscat via Sharjah. The officer from bureau of immigration, A N Girish, detected the forgery while screening their passports.The flight reached Dabolim early Saturday morning. Two passengers, Issaq Vs, 40, and Banjibel Santosha, 32, both from Kerala, were found with fake passports. Police sources said, \"In both cases, the photos were forged and especially in Banjibel's case, the stamp was also fake.\" After interrogation, they were handed over to Vasco police. A case was booked under Sections 465, 466, 471, 490 of IPC and 12 (B) of Passport Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358303", "title": "BJP's Taleigao block files complaint over road digging", "text": "The Taleigao block of the Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday filed a complaint at the Panaji police stations stating that it suspects a scam over digging of roads in Taleigao in the name of a sewerage pipeline. \"We request the police to conduct an inquiry and take strict action against the contractors and also find out why these roads were dug,\" said BJP's Taleigao block president Dattaprasad Naik. Speaking to mediapersons, Naik said that he has asked police to verify whether permissions have been granted for the work, which had started during the tenure of the previous government. He said that roads dug up by some contractors are in a bad state, and this leads to accidents.Ponda labourer succumbs to injuries: Kafenasaab Kotalekar, 32, a resident of Dattagad-Bethora in Ponda, succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim on Saturday afternoon. The deceased, a casual labourer, had a fall while he was repairing a house at Bethora on Saturday morning. Ponda police have handed over the body of the deceased to his family after an autopsy at the GMC. Police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' and Ponda PSI Rahul Dhamshekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359274", "title": "BJP core panel meets to discuss portfolios", "text": "BANGALORE: A minor reshuffle of portfolios is on the cards, with the core committee of the ruling BJP deciding to make changes to the 3-week-old Jagadish Shettar government.Committee members comprising Karnataka BJP in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan , state BJP president KS Eshwarappa, chief minister Shettar, former chief ministers BS Yeddyurappa, DV Sadananda Gowda and BJP national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar met late on Saturday evening and accorded approval to the changes.The reshuffle is likely to benefit ministers Balachandra Jarkiholi, Varthur R Prakash, MP Renukacharya, SA Ravindranath, Narasimha Naik and Anand V Asnotikar, who are likely to get plum portfolios. The committee also decided to make appointments to various boards and corporations shortly.It is said that a portfolio from each of the deputy chief ministers - Eshwarappa and R Ashoka - would be taken and distributed among the ministers. Eshwarappa, who holds revenue and rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) will have to hand over the latter to Govind M Karjol.Similarly, Ashoka will have to give up either home or transport. Sources said he may give up home and retain transport. Shobha is one of the hot contenders for the home portfolio, in case of a reshuffle.Senior ministers recognized with Yeddyurappa, like Basavaraj Bommai, CM Udasi, Murugesh R Nirani, V Somanna and Shobha Karandlaje are of the view that there is no need for a portfolio reshuffle, while former CM DV Sadananda Gowda's camp is persistent about it.The core committee also discussed nominations to three vacant seats to the legislative council. Former MLA MD Lakshminarayana, labour rights activist Sadashiva and cine artiste Mukhyamantri Chandru are likely to be nominated.The committee, scheduled to discuss filling up the state BJP president's post, dropped the idea at the last minute as the leaders could not come up with names. Sources said Ananth Kumar, whose name was doing the rounds for the post, was not willing to take up responsibility due to the party's recent aberrations in the state.CLEARED By NAHEED", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15363820", "title": "Programme on understanding Ganesha on August 25", "text": "PUNE: \"Ganesha born of the earth,'' a programme on understanding the true significance of Ganesha, will be organised by eCoexist, a Pune based social enterprise on August 25. The programme will be held between 9 am to 6 pm, at the Loft, 877, Boottee street, Camp.The organisers said that at the programme, one can learn about the true significance of this deity, his links to nature, from vedic scholars of Satara. One can make own Ganesh idol with a master sculptor from the village of Pen. It will also involve discussion about environmental impacts of the festival and learn about how you can celebrate it in a ecofriendly way.Vivek Godbole vedic scholar will speak about the significance of Ganesha, the connections with nature and the right way to perform this worship between 9 am to 10.30 am.A sculpture workshop in natural clay will be led by Shrikant Deodhar, a master sculpture from Maharashtra. The first session will be held between 11 am to 1.30 am and the second session between 2 pm to 4 pm. The third session on `Ganesha and the environment' will be held between 4.30 am to 6 pm.Deodhar comes from a lineage of sculptors specialising in the art of Ganesha. He will teach about the symbolism and iconography of the Ganesha as well as show us how to sculpt it in a natural clay at the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357279", "title": "Network of 68 cameras to keep watch on jail inmates", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a move that will end the smuggling of narcotic substances into jail and check the nefarious activities of its 325 inmates, police have put in place a network 68 close-circuit cameras in the district jail.The Kerala State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (Keltron), entrusted with the work of the installing the cameras, has almost completed the work. The estimated project cost is Rs 1.25 crore.The cameras will keep a tab on activities in inmates' room, visitor's room, jail corridors and the entrance gate. It will also record activities on the road in front of the jail. The main server in the control room will save all the recorded feeds for a duration of six months. Cops can watch all the feeds from the cameras through the four monitors installed in the control room.The state government has also installed an electronic private automatic branch exchange (EPABX) with 40 telephone lines at the cost of Rs 2.5 lakh in the jail. The move will ensure quick connectivity between various sections of the jail.Jail superintendent Asokan Arippa said it took more than two months for the installation of the cameras. \"It will put an end to instances of outsiders throwing ganja packets into the jail compound. The mini exchange would help us give directions and alert the jail staff on duty in case we find something fishy in the CCTV footage,\" he said.Keltron has already trained two staff of the prison in handling the system. The jail superintendent will also be able to see the live actions happening in the jail through a monitor installed in his room.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan will inaugurate the system at a function to be held at the jail on August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15364832", "title": "Aman Verma misses his friend on friendship day!", "text": "Good friendships are hard to find, and need to be maintained like a good marriage.But in the process of trying to accomplish goals and busy lives it's hard to find time to volunteer.With World celebrating friendship day today, one of Bollywood and TV industry's well-known name Aman Verma , remembers his friend.Aman, who lost touch with his college friend says, \"Narendra Kharbanda, is one of my closest friend but I have lost touch with him. We had some great time together when we stayed in Delhi. I was in touch with him till last four years but then he moved to Singapore . We spent 3 years together in college and shared a great bonding.\"Aman has been a part of some of the big hits of Bollywood and TV projects and has also travelled to various countries.However, the actor considers his Macau trip with close buddy Narendra as one of the best holidays. \"My most memorable holiday would be when we went to Macau (about 8 years back). I was doing a show and Narendra landed there to spend 3 days with me. Macau is supposed to have great massage parlors and we decided to go for a special massage for about 3 hours. I remember having a blast and a laughter riot. I treasure the memories with him although we have grown apart due to busy work schedules. I wish to connect with him soon. Friendship means being there for the your friend always.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357820", "title": "Stray cattle graze on Sole's green dream", "text": "NAGPUR: On August 1, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had launched its ambitious sapling plantation drive. Its aim was to plant over a lakh trees in the city and it has already planted more than 70,000 saplings. But all its efforts will come to naught if it doesn't do anything about the stray cattle loitering around the city.Many of the newly planted saplings in many areas in the city have become fodder for these cattle. Team TOI on Saturday found at least five cattle straying inside a fenced land on the bank of Sonegaon Lake where NMC had recently planted around 100 saplings. The cattle ate up almost 60 saplings planted there. The situation is the same in other areas too. Many residents have informed this reporter that these stray cattle not only obstruct smooth flow of traffic on busy roads but also are becoming a threat to NMC's gigantic plantation drive.NMC had planted around forty saplings in Sahakar Nagar playground but due to the absence of fencing the cows have eaten up almost all of them, said Arun Ingle, a resident. He said that these saplings had been planted with just some straggly sticks for support and protection.\"I feel the NMC authorities and ruling party is playing gimmicks for cheap publicity at the cost of taxpayers' money. Instead of planting 60,000 trees in a day without proper tree guards, they could have planted only 10,000 trees with guards to increase the survival rate of the plants. This would have definitely enhanced the green cover of this city,\" he said.At many places, the plants have not been planted properly. Although, it is necessary that there should be at least 10 to 12 feet gap between two plants for better growth in many places it can be seen that two saplings have been planted in the same groove.Another factor that has to be taken into consideration is that the plantation drive doesn't end with just the planting part. Proper watering and fencing to prevent the cattle from eating the plants is also necessary. But the situation is such that many a time it becomes difficult to identify the saplings become unknown after couple of months. This is because only the stump remains, said people from many areas.\"NMC's job does not end with the plantation drive. They have to ensure that the saplings are carefully tended till they grow,\" they said. However mature these saplings are, they would need constant care for survival. Without a sound follow up plan such drives tantamount to nothing but open loot of the tax payers' money, say the residents.Mayor Anil Sole expressed concern when this scribe informed him about this. He said, \"I will send officers for inspection. I can comment on this issue only after examination of the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357880", "title": "North Delhi cops suspended for \u2018torturing\u2019 two", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two officers, a sub inspector and a head constable, from the Mukherjee Nagar police station were suspended on Saturday following allegations that they picked up two men and beat them up inside the police station. All this allegedly took place when not even a formal complaint was lodged against the duo.DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran stepped in when he heard that SI Pukhraj and head constable Suresh got into a brawl which they were supposed to stop, sources said. \"On Friday, the two cops were returning to the police station after attending a call. On the way, they found Inderpreet and Simar Singh arguing with one Aakash. The cops tried to pacify them but the argument became worse and the two cops became 'victims' of misbehaviour. The two men were then brought to the police station and allegedly beaten up by the cops,'' said the investigating officer.Police allegedly asked the duo to strip and dance. When the locals came to know about the torture, they gathered at the police station and protested. Following this, the two cops were suspended. \"We have ordered an inquiry and further investigation will establish the facts. The cops have been suspended till the probe is over,'' added Karunakaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359280", "title": "BEO suspects teacher instigated students", "text": "BANGALORE: The block education officer in charge of the Magadi area says this is not the first time students the government school have slashed themselves to stop a teacher's transfer.\"A Ramamani (the teacher) joined in 2005. A similar incident reportedly happened when some students slashed their hands when she was transferred some time in 2007,\" he said.Ramamani has been transferred to Geralli, another village in Magadi. \"It seems she doesn't like to be transferred. We strongly suspect Ramamani encouraged these kids to cut their hands. I've submitted a report to my seniors. They'll decide on the transfer,\" he said.Ramamani was not available for comment as she proceeded on leave for four days after the transfer order arrived.Kiran Gangadharaiah, one of the six students who slashed themselves, told STOI: \"Apart from being a good teacher, she taught us devotional songs, and is affectionate. She'd clarify our doubts whenever we went to her. I was very upset she was going away. So I hurt my hand with a compass.\"Shankar V, a bus driver in Magadi town, said he saw a blade mark on his daughter's hand. \"Amruta told me she hurt herself because her classmates did so.\"All the students were given anti-tetanus injections before classes commenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362162", "title": "Neha always surprises her friends with gifts", "text": "When it comes to her pals, Neha Dhupia relies on Priyanka Thakkran.The two met professionally and according to Neha, \"Priyanka is awesome. She is sorted out, has tons of substance and is super fun when it's required and serious when she needs to be. She is always ready to live it up!\"Ask Priyanka about her friend and she says, \"Neha is very generous and always surprising her friends with gifts. She is a big foodie. She loves swimming. She takes to the pool as happily as mermaids take to the sea. She can complete 50/100 laps of swimming just like a pro without feeling tired at all.\"It's but natural that the two get along like a house on fire when they are together. \"Once while traveling to South India, Neha got tired of being approached by strangers for photographs. She obliged but after a point, we hit upon a plan. When someone came up to her and asked whether she was Neha Dhupia, she said: \"No, I look like her!\" Surprisingly, people believed her too. We laughed like crazy and enjoyed our holiday.\"And how has she dealt with the situation when Neha broke up? \"Neha is a very strong person. I have never seen someone as strong as her. She is the strong person while I am the emotional fool.\" So is she still friends with Neha's ex, Ritwik Bhattacharya?\"Break-ups don't happen overnight. You do the journey and after a point, one knows that it is better to part ways. I knew Ritwik through Neha. If I bump into Ritwik, I will speak to him. But I will not make the effort to get in touch with him otherwise.\"And what about Neha's current boyfriend, Jimmy Sylvester? \"Neha met Jimmy some two years ago. That was a couple of months after she had broken up with Ritwik. Neha didn't really make any announcement to me about Jimmy. I kind of saw it happening. As long as she is happy, I am fine with everything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15357211", "title": "Cases filed against 2 quarrying firms", "text": "MADURAI: In the first legal action against illegal granite quarrying in Madurai district, police have registered cases against two granite firms accused of illegal mining in Madurai district and for destroying evidence, encroachment and causing damage to public property.The registration of cases comes in the wake of a team of government officials detecting attempts to destroy evidences that suggest large-scale illegal mining and encroachment of government land for quarrying. After removal of huge godowns put up by quarry owners on encroached land, the police cases form the second stern move by the state government in the crackdown on illegal quarrying.One of the granite firms, PRP Exports, had allegedly dumped mud and debris into a massive pit that was several feet deep and levelled it in a bid to prevent officials from assessing the exact quantum of granite quarried from the spot in Keelayur village. The brazen attempt to mislead the inspecting officials was, however, detected by collector Anshul Mishra.\"We have registered cases against PRP Exports under several IPC sections including 201 (destroying evidence), 379 (theft), 447 (criminal trespassing) as well as under the Tamil Nadu Public Property Damages Act,\" said a police officer. Though no one has been personally named as accused, the licence holder of the company would be deemed as accused, the officer said. The granite firm had allegedly expanded their quarry activities to adjacent government land also, he said.Another granite firm, Sindhu Granites, is facing charges under Section 133 of the Cr.PC for encroachment of public property and causing damage to it. The cases were registered based on complaints from revenue officials.Former Madurai collector U Sagayam had, in his report to the state industries secretary in May this year, stated that there was rampant illegal granite quarrying in the district and said that the loss to the exchequer could be to the tune of Rs 16,338 crore. In the report, he specifically made a mention of PRP and Sindhu Granites for violating norms.Even as the inspection of the 175 quarries in the district was progressing at a swift pace by 18 designated teams of revenue officials, the district administration is also set to investigate the roles of some government officials as part of the crackdown. In fact, Sagayam, who brought to light the quarry scam through his report to the industries secretary, had stated in the report that a few government officials were conniving with the mining mafia. One of the officers likely to be probed was a senior personnel from the state mines department who was suspended for irregularities last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15365104", "title": "Priyanka Gandhi may be heading for active role in politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Priyanka Gandhi may be heading for an active role in politics and is said to be set to take charge of her mother and Congress President Sonia Gandhi's Rae Bareli Parliamentary constituency.There was no official word on the issue but AICC office bearers including party general secretaries insisted today that Priyanka has always interacted with the people of the constituency in politically crucial Uttar Pradesh and \"there is nothing new\" in the move.Amid reports that every Wednesday Priyanka would be meeting her people and party workers from Rae Bareli, the Congress leaders recalled that Priyanka had campaigned vigorously in Rae Bareli and Amethi in the UP Assembly polls early this year.\"I do not know anything in this regard.Priyanka has always been supportive and helpful for her mother and brother in their constituencies\", party spokesman Rashid Alvi said.Sonia's constant refrain has been that it was for her chidren to take a decision about their future.Rahul Gandhi , who is set to play a larger role, possibly from next month had been the Congress' star campaigner in the Assembly polls but the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty could only see the party increasing its tally from 22 to 28 in the 403-member UP House.\"We do not talk about issues concerning the family\", a party leader said when asked whether Priyanka could take the plunge in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The younger sister of Rahul, Priyanka has so far kept away from active politics citing family commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15358830", "title": "New Himachal district courts await to be occupied", "text": "SHIMLA: New district courts complex constructed at a cost of about Rs 40 crore lies unoccupied even after 18 months of construction as the high court dithers on giving marching orders bowing to pressure from the district bar association who are reluctant to vacate the crowded space occupied in the deputy commissioner office complex.With the high court having directly monitored construction of the modern district courts complex at Chakkar, no senior government officer is willing to say anything about the delays having taken place in shifting district courts.However, a senior officer said, \"The entire infrastructure for functioning of 21 court rooms at Chakkar district courts complex has been ready for over a year but it still remains unoccupied.\"\"After all, it was the high court itself which had asked for construction of the complex on the grounds that the current one housed in the deputy commissioners complex is at a congested place and now, when about Rs 40 crore have been spent, it awaits to be occupied,\" he said.When contacted, registrar general HP high court A C Dogra said, \"The district court infrastructure is incomplete. While the buildings have been completed but furniture, chairs and other related infrastructure still needs to be completed. It would take about another month to be readied.\"However, the government maintains adequate provisions have been made for the litigating public, space has been created for a bar room with facilities of separate canteens for staff, members of bar and public, a bank, post office, stamp vendors, typists etc, that are required to be present in a judicial court complex.Provision for parking space for judicial officers and others has been kept and adequate public transport facilities to the new complex can be provided for but nobody wants to bell the cat.Skeptics hold that it is not the new courts infrastructure but an underlying threat of an agitation by lawyers that is holding up the move to shift the courts.In December 2010, when an attempt to shift the courts was made, the district court lawyers struck work, agitated by demanding a CBI inquiry in the whole process of shifting and construction of the new complex and even burnt an effigy of a former chief justice of the high court.On express orders of the high court itself, forest and private lands were acquired at Chakkar and 484 green trees were cut (the largest number of trees cut for any public project in recent years in the city) to make a road to the court site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15356795", "title": "Tamil Nadu express mishap: Death toll rises to 30", "text": "NELLORE: The death toll in the Tamil Nadu Express fire rose to 30 with a youth Sukhdev Singh, native of Amritsar, succumbing to his burn injuries on Saturday. Sukhdev Singh battled for life for almost six days after being rushed to Narayana Medical College General hospital in the town last Monday.Although Sukhdev received only about 55 per cent burn injuries and had bright chances of recovery, he seems to have succumbed to shock that he struck while jostling out of the ill-fated coach, S-11 of TN express which was gutted in the mishap on July 31. The 23-year old Sukhdev was student of Indian Maritime University at Chennai and was returning to the campus after a visit to Amritsar when he met with the fatal accident.Sukhdev's father Gurdeep Singh, who is a class-IV employee at Northern Railway Mechanical Workshop, Amritsar, was with his son when he breathed his last. Gurdeep, who was hopeful of recovery of his son, broke into tears when the doctors declared the death on Saturday. The railway officials promised all help to the father in taking the body to Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356822", "title": "National Human Rights Commission takes prisons department to task", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has taken the prisons department to task over the death of a female remand prisoner. Not only did it direct that monetary relief of Rs 3 lakh be paid to the family of the prisoner Nannolu Chandrakala alias Padmasalari Chandrakala, NHRC also commented against the prisons department.\"The jail authorities did not give proper information to the blood relatives at the right time about her admission in hospital or her death. This reflects negligence and suspicious action on the part of the jail authorities,\" the commission commented.The remand prisoner Nannolu Chandrakala had died at Osmania General Hospital in Hyderabad where she had been admitted to for an ailment. The commission which perused the post-mortem report also said that it 'revealed abraded contusions of 9 cm*0.5 cm over the upper part, front and centre of the chest'. The revenue divisional officer, Mahbubnagar, who conducted the magisterial enquiry, also observed that the deceased has received wound behind head, arms and elbow , which reflects that she was manhandled, the commission pointed out.Chandrakala died on April 6, 2011 and subsequently, the NHRC issued notices to the chief secretary of the state asking why monetary relief should not be paid to her kin. The reply of the director general of prisons department was sent through the government, which did not satisfy the NHRC.In several other cases of deaths of remand prisoners, the NHRC had reacted and directed that compensation be paid up to Rs 1.5 lakh also. This is probably for the first time that a huge amount of Rs 3 lakh was directed to be paid to the kin of Chandrakala because of the suspicious nature of her death.\"The commission cannot overlook the observations made by the RDO who conducted the magisterial enquiry,\" the commission said.When TOI asked director general of prisons T P Das what action would be taken in the wake of the stinging comments made by the NHRC, he said he would once again call for the details and take appropriate action if necessary. In so far as the reported wounds on the body of Chandrakala were concerned, he said from the reports that he had there was also one version that they could have resulted from the post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362758", "title": "Taapsee to be paired opposite Allu Arjun", "text": "Taapsee Pannu has bagged the lead role opposite stylish star Allu Arjun in his next movie to be directed by Puri Jagannath. It is reliably learnt that the Delhi-based actress has signed on the dotted line. Buzz has it that the movie is titled Iddarammayilatho, although no official announcement has been made to that effect.Ever since this interesting female-oriented title has been doing the rounds, mega fans have been waiting with bated breath to find out which B-Town belle will be cast opposite Allu Arjun in the film. And eventually, Taapsee has signed the film. The search for second female lead however, is still on.Sources close to the filmmakers say that the film would be formally launched on September 20 in Hyderabad while the regular shooting commences from October. Allu Arjun and Puri Jagannath combo earlier delivered a super hit film Desamuduru, and the duo is looking to repeat the magic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15356995", "title": "Keshubhai Patel resigns from Gujarat BJP, to launch new party", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel and ex-Union textile minister Kashiram Rana on Saturday quit from BJP's primary membership, declaring their intention to form a party on the ideals of the Sangh Parivar.\"The new party, which will be the real BJP, will be announced on Sunday,\" Patel said after a meeting with supporters, including RSS stalwarts Pravin Manian and Bhaskarrao Damle, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh leader Laljibhai Patel, Mahagujarat Janata Party leader Gordhan Zadaphia and former CM Suresh Mehta.In separate letters faxed to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , they regretted that, despite their best efforts to convince the central party leadership over the deteriorating situation in Gujarat under Narendra Modi , the party high command has refused to act.\"I had never thought I would have to take the extreme step. I cannot remain a silent spectator to an insensitive government terrorizing its people. I am resigning from all my party's posts as well as its primary membership,\" Patel said in the letter, running into six pages.Patel, who turned 83 on July 24, said he had given six decades and Rana five decades of their public life to the party, in which they worked like a family. \"For the last 10 years, I was watching how the Modi government was undermining the BJP's ideology, democracy and constitutional authorities, including the courts. There is no BJP in Gujarat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362497", "title": "John Lennon's butler recounts Beatles' break-up", "text": "John Lennon and Yoko Ono's butler Dan Richter has shared his experiences with the couple and the last dark days of The Beatles in his new book, The Dream Is Over.Richter started out as Yoko's personal assistant and ended up as Lennon's butler.\"I lived with Yoko and Lennon for four years; an insider witnessing their love affair and the break-up of The Beatles. It was a time of absolute freedom, a time when everything changed. The world was turning on, tuning in and dropping out, and all to the beat of rock 'n' roll,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as wrinting in the book.The media might be ranting that Yoko was breaking up The Beatles, but the fact was they had fallen in love, Richter said.John hung on Yoko's every word. He wanted to be a conceptual artist and Yoko wanted to be a rock star. This, of course, presented a lot of problems.But their romance got The Beatles into trouble: John and Paul McCartney were drifting apart and most Beatles insiders saw Yoko as a gold digger who was exacerbating their own problems. As a result, she was openly insulted in front of John.Richter also revealed that John and Yoko were heroin users and he had to take the train into London every day to look for work and buy heroin for himself and for them.While they moved into Tittenhurst Park, their new 85-acre estate in Ascot, Yoko and John invited Richter and his wife Jill to join them.One Friday in August 1969, The Beatles came to Ascot for a photoshoot to promote their Abbey Road album. It was one of their last meetings together and the atmosphere was tense. Paul and John were arguing over everything, Richter wrote in the book.Paul had begun telling the others what to do, particularly during recordings and John was angry and disillusioned. The Beatle dream was just about over, he added.John had discovered that Yoko was willing to be his foil: his lover, attendant, teacher, and prime minister.John would not hear a word of criticism against Yoko, but the more she sang, the more the people at Apple couldn't stand her. To them, she was not only an interloper but a terrible singer to boot.By late 1969, John and Yoko spent most of their time in bed. They slept, ate, had sex, worked the phones, read the post, planned their next outing, and whatever else that made up their day, according to the book.\"The Ascot days were a transition for all of us. I broke my dependence on heroin and started on the road to recovery. Yoko had established herself as more than just the woman who had 'broken up The Beatles'. And John had changed from a Beatle to the John Lennon that we understand today,\" he added.The Dream Is Over is published by Quartet and priced 18 pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15367004", "title": "Better schooling is possible without privatization of BMC Schools, says Child Rights and You (CRY)", "text": "MUMBAI: In a strong reaction to the decision of the Standing Committee to hand over municipal schools to private parties, as a result of which BMC schools will now be either partially or completely run by private organizations, authorities of Child Rights and You (CRY) shared with TOI that better schooling is possible without privatisation also.\"This move does not present a permanent solution to the challenges faced in running these schools. According to various estimates, at least 4.5 lakh children annually attend the 1,167 primary and secondary schools run by the BMC. It is the duty of the government to provide free, equal education. It should not be 'outsourcing' this task to the private sector through the PPP model.The authorities should focus on improving the quality and accessibility of the government's own free schools,\" said Kreeanne Rabadi, Director West, CRY. She also added that the need of the hour, in fact, is to expand and improve government schools because they are public resources. \"There are a large number of government schools such as the Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas that offer excellent education, comparable to the best institutions in the world.If the Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas, with adequate investment, can be great institutes of learning, there is no reason why other government-run schools cannot do the same with adequate investment, accountability and quality parameters in place,\" concluded Rabadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358775", "title": "Playgrounds a step closer as municipal corporation lists probable sites", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has received a list of 26 probable sites in residential areas of sectors 18, 19 and 21 (ward 17), where as per a recent proposal two to three playgrounds for kids in each sector could be developed.The list of sites decided upon by area councillor Mukesh Bassi in consultation with the residential welfare associations (RWAs) was submitted to the MC by the former on Friday. The sites include open areas and neighbourhood parks, which could be turned into playgrounds.The proposal for having playgrounds was given to the MC by two MC councillors recently following demand from residents, who have been complaining about lack of playgrounds. Now the MC will conduct a survey of the given sites for preparing a detailed plan for constructing playgrounds.Bassi said, \"There is no specific place for kids to play in our ward. And RWAs had been demanding playgrounds, so that kids can play in their locality in a safe environment. We have identified many sites and submitted the list to the MC.\"R L Goyal, president of the Sector 19 RWA said, \"There is no single designated area in our sector where kids can play. Now we have given a list of locations where these playgrounds can come up.\" Deepak Kalra, a resident of Sector 21 said, \"In foreign countries, there are specific places in residential areas, where kids can play, but we don't have any such facility. It is good that now the MC is thinking in this direction.\" There are over 1,600 neighbourhood parks in the city, where huge expenditure has been done on installing expensive lighting, growing grass and putting up benches, but these are out of bounds for kids for playing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "valpoi", "code": "15358395", "title": "Garbage dumped in reserved forests at Sattari", "text": "VALPOI: Lack of garbage disposal plants for the Valpoi municipal council (VMC) and also for the industrial estates at Pissurlem and Honda, has forced businessmen and factory owners to dump waste in the reserved forests as well as on revenue land having forest cover in Sattari taluka.Range forest officer of Valpoi Muhmad Aga, when contacted by STOI, said, \"I am aware about the incidents of garbage dumping inside the forest areas. Our staff members have already been told to nab the culprits. If any company or individual is found dumping garbage in the forested areas, stringent action will be taken.\"Deputy conservator of forests of Ponda division G T Kumar has already informed businessmen and concerned officials of the companies in the industrial estates not to dump garbage in the forested areas.Narayan Gawas, the volunteer of Vivekanand environment awareness brigade, Keri said, \"On both sides of the road going from Redeghati to Nanus, non-biodegradeable garbage in the form of thermocol, plastic and rubber is dumped in large quantities during the night. Apart from damage to soil and water bodies, cattle and wild animals too become victims of it.\"Umesh Gulelkar, chairman of Valpoi municipal council, said, \"The municipality has already initiated work for a garbage disposal plant and as soon as the plant starts functioning, the problem of municipal areas will be solved.\"In Honda, although attempts to build a garbage disposal plant at Honda were made by the panchayat, the plant has not been complete as yet. \"Redeghati is a part of the reserve forest notified by Goa government and throwing of garbage in it is unlawful. It is painful to note that some areas are degraded due to littering of plastic and rubber in these areas,\" laments Chandrakant Shinde, a wildlifer working in Sattari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358789", "title": "Chandigarh likely to experience showers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though this monsoon, rain gods have not been benevolent to city and its neighbouring townships, the met officials are optimistic and expect this trend to change in the next couple of days.\"This year rain has been quite deficient as compared to the past. But we are expecting good showers in a couple of days,\" said met director Surinder Paul on Saturday evening.\"Right now we cannot say if it is a drought year or not, we are still evaluating the data and monsoon season is yet not over,\" he added.Met officials have predicted cloudy conditions in this region in the next 24 hours, with light showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15357214", "title": "Saurashtrians want most backward community tag, benefits", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the Saurashtra community have urged the state and Central governments to include them in the list of most backward community and provide financial assistance for their uplift.At the two-day Global Saurashtra Conference that began in Madurai on Sunday, the members also urged political parties to give due recognition to their community. The leaders of the community also urged the members for unity among themselves to achieve political power.The meet that witnessed a large number of community members from across Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra as well as US and Dubai was inaugurated by Srihari Khode, president of the Akila Karnataka Kshatriya Maha Sabha in the presence of Saurashtra Munnetra Kazhagam president VG Ramdoss.Besides asking the government to reclassify them as MBCs, the members of the community adopted resolutions seeking financial assistance to impoverished weavers similar to schemes implemented for welfare of farmers, consider Sourashtrians as linguistic minorities and extend benefits on the lines of religious minorities and appoint eligible Sourashtrians as temple trustees. They also sought a separate ministry for handloom industry. Noting that there were a number of Sourashrta youth from Madurai working in the IT industry in Bangalore, they also wanted a special train to be operated between the two cities.Former MP from the community AGS Rambabu noted that despite being in huge numbers, there was little political recognition for the community and called upon the members to be united to achieve power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358385", "title": "Now, book Kadamba Transport Corporation tickets by phone", "text": "PANAJI: Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) Ltd has introduced a new method of issuing tickets to its commuters. One may call the Kadamba booking office and get tickets confirmed on the KTC's Shirdi, Pune, Mumbai and Bangalore routes.One has to call cell no. 9423055747 for a ticket. The caller will get a confirmation message within 10 minutes on journey details. KTC has also extended the facility to make available the ticket at one's doorstep.For details, one may call 9423055747 or 9422408305, said Sanjay Ghate, deputy general manager, KTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15358986", "title": "UGD workers return to work after hoax call", "text": "COIMBATORE: All it took was an anonymous phone call to jolt the corporation officials and the UGD contractors out of their slumber. In and around Venugopal Layout, Kanthasamy Layout and residential areas near Pappanaickenpalayam, workers are now busy filling up trenches dug for laying underground drainage after an unidentified person called up the fire service and city police on Thursday evening and claimed that a child has fallen into one of these pits.A team of policemen and firemen rushed to the spot only to realise it was a hoax call. But it seems to have had the desired effect on the corporation officials. The residents of these areas too are thankful to the unknown caller who now exists in the police and fire station records as 'anonymous mischievous caller' for achieving something which they could not even after repeated pleas, complaints and petitions all these days.\"I have been trying to get the JNNURM officials and the contractors to finish the underground drainage work after dug up the roads more than two months back. They do not work and I have to face the ire of the public,\" said C N Ranganathan, councillor ward no 55.According to N Subramanian, divisional fire officer, Coimbatore, the fire station received a call at around 7pm on Thursday evening claiming that a child had fallen into one of the pits in the locality. \"We immediately despatched a fire tender from Coimbatore South fire station. Our men checked the trenches in the locality and realised that it was a hoax call,\" Subramanian added.A similar message was relayed to Race Course police station from the city police control room and a team of policemen also reached the spot. A policeman attached to the station told TOI that it might have been some drunkard who played a prank. \"The condition of these roads has been pathetic for the past few months and whoever made the call seemed to have ended up doing something good for the residents,' said P Thangavel, a resident along the approach road to Venugopal Layout.The residents claimed the entire stretch has become unusable for cars and other four wheelers since the underground drainage work began. At the moment, workers are busy building the chambers to link the underground drainage lines and also to close the dug out portions. \"It is actually very dangerous to use these streets since they have gaping trenches bang in the middle. Pedestrians, especially children, have to be extremely careful especially after dusk,\" said A Sampathkumar, a resident of the locality.The ward councillor added that since the underground drainage work is handled by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) wing, elected councillors were facing difficulty in communicating and instructing the contractors and the engineers to finish the work and ensure minimum inconvenience to the public in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15363835", "title": "Universal Society of Hindusm's appeals to art institutions", "text": "AMRITSAR: President of Universal Society of Hinduism, Razan Zed has appealed to the major international art institutions to re examine the procurement of their Hindu art acquisitions and return them to Hindu temples where these items belonged in case these were proved to be stolen.Zed informed TOI on Sunday from Nevada, US, that devotees had been worshiping these images of Hindu deities for centuries and the world should respect their feelings by returning them to their original homes before these were stolen for mercantile greed.He said there were recent media reports about alleged international trafficking of Hindu antiquities linking major international art institutions. He streesed that the museums and galleries world over should undertake thorough examination of their Hindu art acquisitions and the related documentation, and if determined that some of those were among the stolen works, make arrangements to respectfully return to the religious institutions these rightfully belonged to.He suggested that the panels conducting these examinations should include internal and external art specialists for which he said he or other Hindu scholars would gladly assist if needed . He said that art institutions should follow a strict due diligence process when acquiring new works of Hindu art in the future, including determining provenance, and adhering to the principles of the UNESCO Convention on the Means of Prohibiting and Preventing the Illicit Import and Export and Transfer of Ownership of Cultural Property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358149", "title": "How about rainwater harvesting for HUDA, MCG, mini secretariat?", "text": "GURGAON: The recent order to install rainwater harvesting systems in buildings with a covered area of over 100 sq metres by the district administration is an example of how the latter expects others to implement what is lacking in its own buildings.TOI takes a look at the main government buildings like the mini secretariat, ADC office, MCG office, HUDA main office to see if the relevant structures are up and running.The Gurgaon district administration had passed the order on July 23 which makes it mandatory for all houses/buildings with over 100 square metres covered area each to have a rainwater harvesting system in place and constituted 20 teams of officers for granting permission to install the system as well as to ensure that it was functioning satisfactorily.These orders were issued by the District Magistrate P C Meena. So far so good.However, sadly enough this basic structure does not exist in the main HUDA building which houses the office of the HUDA administrator.A handful of buildings which have installed such a system like the mini secretariat, the MCG office and Vikas Sadan (or ADC office) might not be functional as desired. There are no checks made as to whether or not such structures are functional.The DC confirmed that there were four rainwater harvesting systems installed at the four corners of the mini secretariat premises but said that he had not checked in person whether they were functional.\"Officials concerned (engineers) have confirmed they are functional but I have to verify them for myself,\" said Meena.According to HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar, the Sector 14 office does not have a water harvesting system in place. \"We are looking at options for installations but we need to make sure the gradient is correct so that maximum water collection takes place,\" said Kumar.He added that HUDA has structures exiting inside parks installed according to the gradient. \"The one way to install the system in our building could be through rooftop harvesting systems. We are getting the systems checked in bigger societies but it will take some time. I am also trying to bring in a system which exists in Chennai. The government has made it mandatory that water harvesting systems are installed and functional with a year's time their sewarge and water connection is disconnected.\"When contacted, hydrologist S R Sehrawat evaded questions on whether there were regular checks carried out on such systems. The hydrologist was also clueless about which government buildings have such structures as on date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356736", "title": "Bus burnt in Mustafa Nagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: A private bus was burnt allegedly by miscreants in Mustafa Nagar, near Mir Alam Tank under Falaknuma police station limits, in the wee hours of Saturday.Falaknuma police said unknown persons set fire to a bus belonging to National Travels which operates out of its office in Afzalgunj at around 2.30 am. Its owner Ibrahim Khan parked the bus in front of his garage on Friday night.\"In his complaint filed with us, Khan alleged that two local leaders of the area set the bus on fire after he had altercations with them over bus parking a few days ago,\" said an official. He added that there were no eyewitnesses to the incident and the involvement of the accused is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358810", "title": "Haryana chief secretary asks women welfare department chief to probe shelter sex abuse allegations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Karnal district administration and police department are yet to reach out to accused Monika Das, Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery on Saturday directed the director general (DG) of women and child welfare department to probe the allegations of sexual abuse leveled by three inmates.\"We have asked DG of women and child welfare department to probe the allegations and recommend appropriate action if anybody is found violating law of the land. Action will be taken if anybody is found guilty by the probe,'' the chief secretary said.Close on the heels of humiliating wrongs at disgraced Apna Ghar, a shelter home run by Jaswanti Devi in Rohtak, the Apna Ghar of Karnal had come under the scanner after media reports about three girls, who were shifted to another shelter home, accused Monika Das and her associate Manav Das of sexual abuse. The allegations were levelled on Tuesday.An embarrassed deputy commissioner Renu Phulia had ordered closure of the shelter home after rushing a team to the disgraced shelter home, who found that the shelter home was running in violation of Juvenile Justice Act.During interaction, five more inmates of the shelter home, in their statements to district child protection officer, accused Monika Das of physical torture for not adhering to her orders. Acting on the medical reports prepared by civil hospital authorities, district police on Thursday registered a case against Monika Das at city police station.Soon after registration of the case, Monika had gone elusive from police. Manav Das, who is alleged to be another important functionary of Apna Ghar, was let off after preliminary questioning, police officials said.Contrary to assertion made by police officials that Manav Das is not linked with the institute for the past one year, it was alleged that Monika Das was heading the Apna Ghar management wherein Manav was appointed as general manager.\"According to records, Manav Das was an employee, who was drawing salary from Apna Ghar in the capacity of general manager. But he was relieved after last year's incident, when father of the victim girls had accused him of maltreatment. And, the girls were shifted to Nirmal Dham, another shelter home running in Karnal,\" the chief secretary said, citing inputs received from the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363784", "title": "Janet Jackson adamant to fight for MJ's estate despite bad publicity", "text": "Janet Jackson's lawyer has said that she will \"press forward\" with the fight against the executors of her late brother Michael's estate, even though she has been \"relentlessly\" portrayed in the negative light.In a statement on behalf of Janet and her siblings Randy and Rebbie, lawyer Blair Brown reiterated the claims that executors John Branca and John McClain have never publicly been able to explain how Michael could have signed a will with a Los Angeles dateline when evidence showed that he was in New York with Reverend Al Sharpton at the time.\"Since the loss of Michael, Janet, Randy and Rebbie's principal concern has been and continues to be for the safety and wellbeing of Michael's children, their mother Katherine Jackson, and the entire family,\" the New York Daily News quoted them as saying in a statement.\"Unfortunately, those people have been harmed by the actions of the executors of Michael's estate,\" the statement read.The letter accuses the executors and \"those installed and paid to do their bidding\" of hiding behind the questionable documents and perpetrating a smear campaign related to treatment of matriarch Katherine Jackson and Michael's 14-year-old daughter Paris.\"The negative media campaign generated by the executors and their agents has been relentless.\"In recent weeks, the media received preposterous reports - all now proven to be false - of a purported kidnapping of Katherine Jackson and of physical and verbal abuse of a child,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15369441", "title": "Friendship Day: Raising a toast to friendship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A lazy Sunday came to life as city youngsters celebrated Friendship Day to celebrate the bond of love and understanding. While some gangs went uphill, others had friends coming home for rain dance parties. And those without companions, preferred to spend the day in the loving company of their pets.Sanjay Bajaj, a teacher at DAV-15, says, \"We meet a number of people each day, talk to them, laugh with them and sometimes even get close but there are a few who stamp their love on our hearts and we tie an inseparable bond with them \u2014 and call it friendship. For me my friends are my life and this special day is a celebration of our bond.\"\"Since my gang members love outdoors, we decided to head to Kansal Forest to celebrate the day in nature's lap, this year,\" adds Sanjay.A self confessed party animal, Swati Mishra, a resident of Sector 69 in Mohali, threw a rain dance party at the occasion for her friends. \"My gang loves partying, so this year I organized a rain dance party at my place. With the lack of rains this season, it turned out to be a chilled out party for my buddies.\"Jasleen Bhatia, a resident of Phase IX in Mohali, says, \"The word 'friendship' is beautiful in its own sense. It has such great impact on us sometimes that we feel the world within it, friends mean a world to me. I brought special friendship bands for my friends too.\" She adds, \"It's amazing that by the end of the day, my hands were full of friendship bands! For me the band symbolizes a special bond between two friends \u2014 and is a way to appreciate special people in life.\"\"We are a music loving gang and so music symbolizes love and friendship to us. This year we ended up in a karaoke club to celebrate the special evening,\" said Rohit Joshi, a city-based singer. While Prabhjot Singh, a resident of Sector 22, planned to get old friends together on this day. \"I planned a re-union party for old friends. It sure was a great way of reconecting and reliving old times, says Prabhjot.Social networking sites too were full of friendship tags, posts, pictures to celebrate the day. \"I, me, myself boring hai, Us and We interesting hai. Internet hai to friendship hai, friendship hai to sharing hai, jo mera hai wo tera hai,\" posted Deepti Samsung on her Facebook wall for friends.While a city-based photographer Piyush Thakur, tweeted, \"Happy Friendship to all my frndsss!!!! Luv u hai ji pure dil se...\"And there were some who preferred to spend the day in company of man's best friends. \"I spend the whole day playing with my two little pets, Shero and Sherni. I am going to take them out shopping and have planned a special dinner for them,\" says Divya Mahajan, a home science student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357670", "title": "Left parties ask govt to universalize PDS", "text": "NEW DELHI: At the conclusion of the five-day dharna on food security, general secretaries of four Left parties met Prime Minister on Saturday with a memorandum demanding complete overhaul of the proposed Food Security Bill.Left parties said India produces enough foodgrains that can help the creation of a food security system and cover all sections of the society.The parties said, \"targeted system introduced as part of the so-called economic reforms\" has failed since it excludes a large section of people. Stating that since India has a large workforce in the unorganized sector with no fixed income, the errors of exclusion far outweigh those included in a targeted system. India requires a comprehensive and inclusive food security system, they said, demanding scrapping of targeted system and replacing it with a universal one.In its memorandum, Left said since there is \"relentless\" increase in prices of food items, a universal public distribution system can also help to keep market prices down. Dal, edible oil and other essential commodities should be supplied through the public distribution system, Left parties said. They gave example of many state governments that with their limited resources are providing foodgrains at Re 1 or Rs 2 a kilo. \"The central food security system must keep the prices of foodgrains down to a maximum of two rupees a kilo. We believe that it is only reasonable that a minimum of 35 kg of foodgrains at a maximum price of Rs 2 should be provided.\"Pointing out flaws with the targeted system, Left parties said it is not only about poor implementation but more fundamentally linked to the estimates of poverty converted into daily poverty lines and state-wise quotas by the Planning Commission. \"We strongly oppose the linkages between Planning Commission estimates with either food security or other welfare rights and schemes. The present questionnaire for the Below Poverty Line census also raises many questions as it is designed to exclude rather than include the deprived. This further underlines the urgent necessity for universalizing the right to food,\" the memorandum said.The Left also demanded implementation of recommendation of the National Farmers Commission for minimum support price based on the actual cost of production, which is constantly rising given the increase in the prices of fertilizer, diesel, pesticides, seeds, electricity and other inputs plus a 50% profit margin.Four parties also said instead of liquidating its holding of 5 crore tonnes of surplus stock by exporting it at subsidy should be distributed universally, especially at a time when India is facing a drought.Left parties also demanded elimination of cash transfers and scrapping of APL/BPL divisions. They said Food Security Bill in its present form makes a case for reform process further by linking the APL subsidy to acceptance by the states of certain objectionable conditions such as introduction of cash transfers, AADHAR cards etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15358750", "title": "'1984 anti-Sikh mass killings happened in 2 Mahendergarh villages too'", "text": "BATHINDA: After detecting mass graves at Hond Chillar in Rewari district Haryana last year, All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF) and Sikhs for Justice (SFJ), on Saturday, claimed to have discovered two more sites pertaining to 1984 anti-Sikh riots in Gudha and Kanina Mandi Khas villages of Mahendergarh district.AISSF president Karnail Singh Peermohammad said, \"The discovery revealed that hundreds of Sikhs families were living in Gudha-Kanina and owned shops in Kanina Mandi Khas. But, well-equipped death squads, torched their houses and shops.\"Khem Singh, the than sarpanch of Gudha village who shifted to Bathinda, and was accompanying the Sikh organizations said, \"In November 1984, after the attackers torched the house of Sunder Singh, Sikh families took shelter in an old haveli owned by late Harnam Singh. The entire Sikh population of Gudha Kanina was forced to abandon their houses and businesses and flee from Haryana.\"Uttam Singh Makkar, the son of late Harnam Singh, said an organized attempt was made to wipe out the entire Sikh population of the area and they narrowly escaped death. \"During the past 28 years no inquiry commission have ever investigated the murderous attacks on the Sikhs of Gudha-Kanina.\" he added.\"The recent discoveries of the attack sites in Hondh Chillar, Pataudi, Haily Mandi and now Gudha Kanina prove that post-riots, committees were set up to actually cover up and not to investigate the killings of Sikhs,\" alleged AISSF secretary general Davinder Singh Sodhi.\"The only FIR registered during November 1984 at Kanina police station was never investigated and the crime of attempting to wipe out the entire Sikh population of Gudha village has never been investigated by the government of Haryana in last 28 years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359288", "title": "CM to meet medical fraternity", "text": "BANGALORE: In the wake of mass resignations (notional as they reported to duty) by doctors of Karnataka Government Medical Officers' Association (KGMOA) and Karnataka chapter of Ayush Federation of India ( AFI ) , the state government will hold a meeting in Bangalore on August 9.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar, medical education minister SA Ramdas, and health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavalli will resolve demands of the medical fraternity, Limbavalli said on Saturday.WHAT THEY WANT* The KGMOA wants handing over of 10 district hospitals from the medical education department to the health and family welfare department. According to them, being with the medical department deprives doctors of promotions.* Ayush practitioners want the government to allow them to prescribe allopathic medicines during emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362544", "title": "Rupert Sanders hasn't seen wife since scandal", "text": "Rupert Sanders' devastated wife Liberty Ross has not seen her husband since he confessed about cheating with Kristen Stewart .The director has been married to the model for seven years and they have two kids.\"They seemed like a perfectly happy family. This was devastating for her,\" People magazine quoted a source as saying.\"She's been focused just on her kids through this,\" the source said.\"It's what she cares about the most.But as the shock of the scandal is apparently fading away, the model is planning to bring her life back on the tracks.\"Now she's really feeling strong and looks forward to resuming her life,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15362792", "title": "Indian Olympic Athletes help 'Promote Polio Eradication'", "text": "MUMBAI: Polio is the next likely candidate for disease eradication in the world and some of the best athletes participating at the London 2012 Olympics are helping to spread the word about Rotary's campaign to rid the world of polio.Indian Olympic athletes participating in the Rotary's \"This Close\" campaign are more than a dozen members of India's team, including members of the men's boxing, men's and women's weightlifting, and men's and women's wrestling teams.Appealing to parents, wrestler Sushil Kumar, said, \"In 1988, 500 children were getting affected by polio in India every day. Today, our country is reaching steadily toward eradication of polio. We need your help to win this fight.\"Vijender Singh, a member of the boxing team, said, \"Polio vaccine can save a child from polio paralysis. Let us ensure that children are not paralyzed by giving them the vital drops.Other Olympic athletes participating in the Rotary's \"This Close\" campaign include Olympic divers Tom Daley and Tonia Couch .Deepak Kapur, Chairman, Rotary International's India National Polio Plus Committee (INPPC), said, \"Global health and the Olympics share a common ethos. With key athletes supporting the cause at the Olympics, the focus of world including the conflict-laden countries, will once again will be on the dreaded disease that is so close to being eradicated from the world.\"With no new polio cases being reported for more than a year, India's experience of containing the dreaded virus has been hailed as the biggest public health achievement worldwide.There have been 96 cases of polio reported worldwide this year, as per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The countries that have never been free of the disease are Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria.India was removed from WHO's polio endemic list on 25 February this year after completing over a year without reporting any case of polio.Kapur said, \"Reaching the ultimate goal of a polio-free world presents myriad challenges. As long as there is even a single polio-afflicted child anywhere in the world, children everywhere remain at risk.After achieving the milestone of non-polio endemic nation in February this year, India needs to maintain the status for another two years to be certified polio-free by the World Health Organization . Import of polio from neighbouring countries and re-emergence of the disease are major threats to the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358379", "title": "Firm operates public toilets sans ads", "text": "PANAJI: Though the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has taken down the advertising hoardings on their toilet blocks in Panaji and Dona Paula, the company has decided to continue with the toilet operations in the interim.Officials from Pride Engineering, the company that is running the toilets, said they will take a call on whether they will continue or stop operations after discussions with the CCP which will happen soon.Things have to be clarified with the CCP, said Shailender Dixit, operations manager of Pride Engineering, a Delhi-based firm. He confirmed that the company was maintaining the toilet blocks till discussions with the CCP conclude.CCP officials last week took down the advertising hoarding from the third toilet in Dona Paula. Keeping with its drive against illegal hoardings in the city, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) had removed advertising boards from two toilets near Campal parade ground and Panaji ferry wharf on June 20.The company's operation model was dependent on the advertising revenue, which is around Rs 1 lakh per month.CCP sources said \"the company was using as many as 50 tubelights in each of the backlit advertisement boards and these were kept on throughout the night\" forcing the CCP to foot a huge electricity bill. CCP sources said they \"had paid an electricity bill of 45,000 for the past two months.\"Dixit said he couldn't confirm this, but added that the company \"used CFL bulbs in the backlit advertising boards.\"The toilets were built on the PPP model in 2007. The company has a 15-year contract with the CCP. The firm was collecting monthly advertising revenue through the advertisement hoardings on either side of the structures.The agreement - which the CCP has termed as \"lopsided\" -- states that providing water and electricity to the blocks would be CCP liabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358297", "title": "What should government do to protect comunidades in Goa?", "text": "The government should ensure that the comunidade land is preserved as it is. It is land that should be kept exclusively for Goans and it should be allotted for housing for Goans only, if required. However, the government should not acquire land. Also, there should be a stricter control and supervision over the working committees.Anacleto ViegasLawyer, MargaoThey should stop interfering with the comunidade and allow the comunidade court to run the comunidade without any interference. According to me, the comunidade system has already been killed. The entire structure had an income from paddy, now there is no income. The only way is to give them protection.Mario Pinto AlmeidaAdvocate, MargaoThe government should ensure that the power to govern the comunidades is left in the hands of comunidade members.The government should only help in giving them funds to do development work and there should not be any unnecessary interference. Local members of comunidade know how best to use their land to promote agriculture and development.Celesta Saldanhaadvocate, St EstevamComunidade is an age-old institution whose primary objective is to promote agriculture. However, after the government decided to apply the Tenancy Act to these cooperative bodies, the focus shifted, whereby, as a consequence, a stake in the landholding became more important than a stake in the agricultural produce. As a result comunidades were depleted, land parcels were fragmented and agriculture started becoming unviable. Besides, acquisition of comunidade land, without making them stakeholders in the projects, and rampant encroachments have taken place. We need a strong government initiative to control the illegalities and strengthening of these bodies if we are serious in boosting agriculture.Tulio De Souzaarchitect, Guirim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15357947", "title": "Demand for solar heaters goes up in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The demand for solar-powered equipment like heaters and stoves has gone up in the city.As per the HUDA guidelines, the plot owners will have to install solar heaters in their houses to get completion certificates.At present, over 2,000 independent houses are under construction in the city. All of them will have solar heaters. The HUDA had made it mandatory for plot owners with land measuring 500 square meters and above to install solar equipments. About 500 houses have already installed such heaters.\"In case a new house owner doesn't install solar heaters, the HUDA can penalize him and refuse the completion certificate,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358658", "title": "Fish with skin cancer found for the first time", "text": "Skin cancer in wild marine fish has been discovered for the first time, new research has revealed.The study, conducted by Newcastle University and the Australian Institute of Marine Science, found cases of melanoma in coral trout on the Great Barrier Reef, directly below the world's largest hole in the ozone layer. The research team, led by Newcastle University's Dr Michael Sweet, said this is the first time cancer has been found in wild fish and it is almost identical to that found in humans.Dr Sweet said: \"The individuals we looked at had extensive surface melanomas, which means the cancer had not spread any deeper than the skin so apart from the surface lesions the fish were basically healthy. \"Further work needs to be carried out to establish the exact cause of the cancer but having eliminated other likely factors such as microbial pathogens and marine pollution, UV radiation appears to be the likely cause.\" The research found of the 136 coral trout sampled, 15% showed dark lesions on the skin. -- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358089", "title": "Woman found hanging from ceiling fan", "text": "GURGAON: The body of a 40-year-old woman, a resident of Kherki Dhaula village, was found hanging from the ceiling fan on Friday night.Cops said that she was living with her paramour while her husband and three children live in Ghaziabad. Her lover is currently at large. Police are on the lookout for him to ascertain the exact reason for her death.According to police, Asha, who is originally from Nepal and was married to one Vijay Kumar, was working with a private firm in Gurgaon.She has been living with her paramour, Ravi Verma, for the last six months. She left her husband and her children to live with Ravi.On Saturday morning, her neighbours saw her hanging from the ceiling fan in her room and informed the cops. Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15359357", "title": "Spotting talent: Gullit puts judgement above jugglery", "text": "KOLKATA: So, what does it take to become a top footballer ? Ruud Gullit should know - and he was here recently to spell it out.\"It's not so much how many (juggling) tricks the kid can do; it's more about if he can read the game, understands the game. That's something you should look for in a kid,\" he advised.\"I.ve done so many trainingsessions with kids, 10 years old and 12 years olds. And I have said: 'Okay, five of you, show me your best trick'. And they do all the flicks and flacks, take the ball behind, on their neck... Then I say, 'Now I'll show you my best trick'. I ask somebody to cross the ball, receive it on my chest and smash it into the net. Then I tell them 'If you can do that 30 times a year, you're going to make a lot of money'.That is the best trick on a football pitch and that is why Messi is making so many goals, why (Cristiano) Ronaldo is making goals,\" added the former Dutch skipper who led his country to the 'Euro 88' title.\"Off the pitch they too have a lot of tricks; on the pitch it's about how many goals you can make. It's all about how direct you are, if you can read the game,\" Gullit said. \"That's what I teach the kids. On the pitch you won't get a chance to hold the ball on your neck, because you are then going to get a tackle on your neck,\" the 50-year-old added to buttress his point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358239", "title": "Rs 140 cr to nix plot allotments", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet's decision to cancel the plot allotments at the Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat at Dona Paula may require the state to shell out around Rs 140 crore as refund to the companies allotted the plots in 2006-07. Among other issues, the allotments are being cancelled as many of the firms have nothing to do with IT.Sources told STOI that the finance department has calculated that Info Tech Corporation of Goa (ITCG), a state undertaking, will require 140 crore to refund the 16 companies at rates applicable five-six years ago and at 10% simple interest on the amounts paid by the firms. The government is of the view that ITCG could obtain a loan from state-run Economic Development Corporation or Goa Industrial Development Corporation. The finance department has held that the maximum period for repayment should be 10 years.ITCG had initially allotted 18 plots at the IT Habitat, which has an area of around 2.6 lakh sq m. The plots, ranging from 5,176.20sq m to 40,558.73 sq m were leased at a rate of approximately 4,600 per sq m. This was the revised rate after allegations that the plots were allotted much lower than market rates. ITCG had also created four sub-divided plots for use of supporting facilities.In December 2007, about 20 crore of ITCG's work was stalled following a violent protest by locals opposed to the project. The work never resumed.Earlier this month, the cabinet decided to cancel the allotments and to revert the plots to the government for fresh allotments. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar recently mentioned that the government planned to take over the plots to set up \"genuine IT industries\".The Congress-government's IT Habitat had faced strong opposition with allegations that it was being converted into a real estate park. Nitoll Jinn Trust, Margao, headed by former IAS officer and social activist Aravind Bhatikar, had filed a writ petition in the high court seeking directions for the quashing and setting aside of the allotments. The petition is still pending.Bhatikar had raised several issues including that one of the plots was allotted to a company which had the sister and brother-in-law of the then IT minister Dayanand Narvekar on board as directors. The firm later surrendered the plot. Narvekar's defence was that the firm had fulfilled the criteria and was allotted the plot routinely.When Subhash Shirodkar, president of the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee, was chairman of ITCG, notices were issued for termination of plots to 10 allottees for not having started work at the site. Six of them approached the courts.The cabinet recently observed that in view of the delay caused in the course of the litigation, the implementation of the IT Habitat project would be seriously jeopardized and would not see the light of day. It was also noted that there were several financial defaults/violations in the terms and conditions of the lease deed. A bill has been drafted by the government seeking to cancel the allotment of plots and to go in for re-allotment by inviting bids, sources told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15362645", "title": "Karnataka records surplus rainfall in last 48-hours", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in five districts; fairly widespread in four; scattered in five; isolated in 14; and negligible in two districts in the state in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday, a period that saw Nagara in Hosanagar taluk of Shimoga district recorded maximum rainfall 437mm. South-west monsoon was active in four districts; normal in 16; weak in 10 districts, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Rainfall over the state is considered as s cattered since 35% of the hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm in the last 24-hours. Widespread, rather heavy to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada and Uttara KannadaRainfall was fairly widespread, moderate to very heavy in Hassan, Dharwad, Chikmagalur and Haveri; scattered, moderate to heavy in Chikkaballapur, Yadgir, Belgaum, Bagalkot and Kolar; isolated, light to moderate in Bellary, Koppal, Bangalore Rural, Chamarajanagar, Ramanagar, Gulbarga, Mandya, Davanagere, Bijapur, Raichur, Bangalore Urban, Tumkur, Gadag and Mysore. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 5 has recorded deficit rainfall of 37%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 513mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 323.2mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 5, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 10.2mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 7.5mm, a surplus of 36%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15358767", "title": "Nabha jail steps up security following 'tunnel' alert by IB", "text": "PATIALA: Already under pressure due to the presence of top terrorists of state under their custody in the maximum security jail at Nabha, a letter written by intelligence agencies of country about the possibility of digging a tunnel by some prisoners in the near future has added to the apprehensions of jail authorities.After receiving the letter, jail authorities conducted an extensive search of every nook and corner of jail but have not found any evidence to strengthen the claims of IB.IB agencies have written a letter to Punjab government that some hardcore terrorists lodged in maximum security jail Nabha may dig a tunnel to escape from jail as Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) chief Jagtar Singh Hawara had done some years back to escape from Burial jail, Chandigarh, along with two other top terrorists, officials said.Nabha jail has around 550 inmates.Many notorious criminals, including dreaded terrorists from Punjab and Kashmir and foreign nationals facing terrorism-related cases from Pakistan, China and Afghanistan are lodged in this jail.During the last two years, jail has witnessed many clashes of prisoners and hunger strikes by jail inmates due to various reasons.Some terrorists lodged in the jail had also started a hunger strike some months back when cops could not take them to various courts for court hearings.When contacted, superintendent of jail, Gurpal Singh Saroa, confirmed that they have received information about \"tunnel possibility\".\"But we have not received any evidence in this connection and conducted extensive search of the jail. We have increased security and are taking all precautionary measures,\" he said.Jail authorities have formed special teams of officers and assigned them special portions of jail and directed them to conduct extensive search of their respective areas every morning and evening.Not only inside, but authorities are also conducting inspection in surrounding areas of the jail and questioning suspect persons. Authorities have also started sending daily reports to their seniors about persons coming to meet jail inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357274", "title": "Her privacy is at peril from voyeurs with mobile cams", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Frequent incidents of misuse of mobile phone cameras by unscrupulous people have put the privacy of city's women at peril. On Friday night, a waiter of a restaurant at Mavoor Road was caught red-handed by a woman who had come along with her husband to the hotel.The accused waiter, Azith Alam (20), is a native of West Bengal and was caught when the woman noticed the hotel staff videographing her using his mobile phone. She protested and lodged a complaint with the Kasaba police station. The police took Azith into custody and recovered the video-clip of the woman from the mobile phone, which was already seized by the hotel staff.In a similar incident, on July 28, the cops had registered a case against a youth under the Information Technology Act for allegedly trying to capture images of a girl student of a fashion technology institute who was using the toilet near the institute at Puthiyara.Though the cops failed to recover any offensive content from the mobile phone of the accused, it has sought the help of the cyber cell to retrieve any deleted information from the phone. The cops said they can continue with the probe only after getting the examination report from the cyber cell.Meanwhile, the cops in women's cell said that they have already taken many steps by the police to prevent similar incidents. \"We are also conducting awareness classes for women in city. Women should behave boldly when they face such situations,\" said Sherlet Mani, circle inspector of the women's cell.The city apparently woke up to such incidents when in March 2010 a girl student of an engineering college detected a mobile camera concealed in the ceiling of the toilet hotel on Mavoor Road. Later the cops had nabbed the hotel staff who was responsible for the offence. But surprisingly the case is yet to come up for trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15358334", "title": "5-day police remand for Ram Shirumani Yadav's 'killers'", "text": "VASCO: The two accused arrested in the kidnapping and attempt to murder case of Ram Shirumani Yadav were taken into five days police remand after being produced before the judicial magistrate first class, Vasco.Yadav, who was beaten up badly before being thrown down the Tillari Ghat, was admitted in the GMC as he suffered a fracture to two ribs.Police sources said that Vasco police recovered two mobile sets, a WagonR car taken on rent by the accused with registered number plate GA- 05-B-0355, two bikes and a knife from Manuel Gracias.Both Gracias and Prasad Kubal are now being interrogated by Vasco police to probe about the Rs 17 lakh taken from Yadav.On the other hand, their third partner in the crime, Mani Regi is absconding.Police suspect that he left the port town on Friday itself for his native place in Kerala.Yadav, who was referred to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, for his medical examination, is undergoing treatment for fractures and other injuries.Yadav had paid Gracias a sum of Rs 16 lakh and had met him with Rs 1 lakh cash and a cheque of equivalent amount on Thursday.It is alleged that after having coffee laced with sedatives, Yadav fell unconscious and was beaten up later and thrown down from the Tillari hill by Gracias and his accomplices, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362175", "title": "Asif Ali's 916 wraps up filming in Kozhikode", "text": "Director M Mohanan's 916 has wrapped up filming in Kozhikode and one of its lead actor Asif Ali tells us that the experience was indeed memorable.Asif, who has been shuttling between the sets of Jawan of Vellimala and 916 lately, says, \"\"I am satisfied with the work I've done in the movie and I hope it turns it out to be a memorable flick.\"\"Incidentally, Asif and his co-star in the movie Anoop Menon will next be shooting again together for B Unnikrishnan's I Love Me, which will also have Unni Mukundan in a prominent role. The filming is expected to begin next month and flick centres around three people who are in love with themselves.Meanwhile, director Mohanan tells us that 916 is a film that explores and emphasis the importance of relationships among family and friends. \"\"In our current society, relationships are taken for granted and often it's not given its due value leading to the breakdown of marriages,\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359308", "title": "Water supply hit too", "text": "Thanks to power problems, the city is facing a shortage of water too. If there is even a one-minute power shortage at water pumping stations of TG Halli or Harohalli, Bangalroe's lifeline of water supply gets hampered.\"On August 3, due to repair work at Harohalli water pumping station, the supply to the eastern part of Bangalore was affected. But it was resumed later. Areas such as Austin Town, Ejipura, some parts of Koramangala and Richmond Town were badly affected. We've had talks with Bescom and from now on, and it has assured us BWSSB's water pumping stations won't be affected,\" said T Venkataraju, chief engineer, BWSSB.On Saturday many East Bangaloreans suffered from lack of water supply. \"We ended up buying water from a tanker coughing up Rs 600,\" said Joylin Sequera, a lecturer and resident of Austin Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15364253", "title": "Eijaz Khan opens up about his best friend!", "text": "Glamour world is a competitive place and in an industry of cut throat competition true friendship is very rare to find. On friendship's day TV and Bollywood actor Eijaz Khan shares his love and memories associated with this special day. He says, \"Friendship means the world to me. It's very important to have the right friends. I have learnt through my friends that it's nice to be important but it is more important to be nice. My best friend is Brian Fernandes who is my school friend based in Mumbai. He runs a dance academy in Mumbai and Hong Kong.\" Eijaz who has won several accolades for his performance in films and on the small screen totally believes in the saying 'A friend in a need is a friend indeed'.The handsome lad says, \"This proverb holds true for Brain as he has always been there for me. Whenever I am in trouble or in need he has always been there. He is one person on this planet who can make even complicated situations easy for me. He is not just a 3 am friend he always just a phone call away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358029", "title": "'Some women opt for C-section to avoid labour pain'", "text": "JAIPUR: Deliveries through C-sections have all the surgical risks as any other surgery, gynecologists said.\"The deliveries done by C-sections are equally risky like any other surgeries,\" affirmed Jaipur's Zanana hospital acting superintendent Dr Ranjana Jain.She said there are two reasons for C-sections. \"One is absolute while the other is a relative reason. In absolute, there is no other option except for C-section while in relative there are options available for the doctors and the patient whether to go for C-section or not keeping in mind the safety of baby and the mother. In some case, we avoid risk to life of the baby and the mother and delivery is done by C-section,\" Dr Jain said.She further said C-section procedure has been increased due to several reasons. One reason being stepping up of efforts by the government to find out high-risk pregnancies to reduce maternal mortality ratio and infant mortality rate. So, in high-risk pregnancies, C-sections are done, Dr Jain said. Increased diagnoses of fetus disorders and increasing cases of becoming mother in 30s and 40s are also the reasons of increasing C-Sections, she informed.Dr Jain also said some pregnant women also opt for C-sections to avoid labour pain.On difference in the figures of C-sections in different hospitals, she said, \"Figures varies according to the proportion of high-risk cases admitted from the area served. Therefore, it is not possible to compare the figures of C-sections done in different hospitals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357497", "title": "Wanted: A place in history", "text": "P D Chaugule was the first Indian to complete an Olympic event, but this has never been acknowledgedAbsent from the considerable press given to the Olympics and its subcontinental connection, both historical and otherwise, is the name Phadeppa Dareppa Chaugule\u2014PD in short. Chaugule happened to be the first Indian to have completed the marathon at the Olympics in Belgium in 1920. One could better the claim and call him the first true Indian to have completed an Olympic event, even though the records name a man of British descent, Norman Pritchard, as the first Indian to score a win (two actually) at the Summer Olympics in 1900.P D Chaugule's story has come to light through the two-decade-long perseverance of his grand-nephew, Bipinchandra Chaugule. In 1992 Bipinchandra set in motion the long process of obtaining records from the International Olympic Committee in Belgium via the Indian embassy there, which would conclusively prove his grand-uncle's role in the country's sporting history.Documents obtained from the Olympic office did indeed confirm that P D Chaugule came in nineteenth, clocking 2 hours, 50 mins and 45.4 seconds at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp. The winner, a Finn by the name Hannes Kolehmainen, was about 18 minutes ahead of Chaugule. In Chaugule's defence, he wasn't accustomed to running in shoes.\"He used to run barefoot,\" says Bipinchandra about his grand-uncle. \"The family owned a printing press in Belgaum and some fields on the outskirts of town, and PD would run 56 km back and forth to the fields every day, stopping only to bathe in the Malaprabha river.\" He was not yet 18 when the locals of Belgaum bestowed on him the title 'Pavananjay' (conqueror of the wind), for his speed. \"When I run, I feel like I'm flying,\" he used to say. Word of PD reached the executives at the Deccan Gymkhana in Pune (the premier sports club of its day), who had planned to send an all-Indian team to the Olympics in Antwerp the following year. Two wrestlers and two athletes qualified and were dispatched to Europe by sea, along with a manager, Sahebrao Dhoot.\"They were funded by industrialist and philanthropist Sir Dorabji Tata and Sir George Lloyd, governor of Bombay,\" says Bipinchandra. His grand-uncle's own kith and kin from Belgaum packed off the anxious 18-year-old with blankets and clothes and trailed him to Bombay Port to bid him bon voyage.The contingent eventually arrived in Antwerp 20 days after the games had begun, but their own events\u2014the wrestling matches, marathon and 5,000 m and 10,000 m track races were yet to take place. Of the lot, only PD made the qualifiers\u2014for the 10,000-m track event, where he ran barefoot but didn't complete the lap. For his next event, the 42.75-km marathon\u2014the longest Olympic marathon till then\u2014he was advised to put some shoes on. He practised running in these foreign bodies but they bit into his feet and he wasn't altogether happy. \"To add to his discomfort was the displeasure of having to subsist on a meagre diet of potatoes, bread and milk, for his choices as a strict vegetarian were severely curtailed,\" says Bipinchandra, who recalls the legend passed down by his relative.On the day of the marathon itself, August 22, at 4 pm PD was up and running. \"He said he started to count the men who had raced past him and counted only 10. He thought he would gradually gain ground. But he must have miscounted, for in reality, 18 men had got ahead and PD came in at nineteenth place. He would have won, had he not had the shoes on,\" Bipinchandra laments.PD returned to India, none too dejected, but his dreams of competitive racing were put to rest when his family insisted he take a wife and settle down. Tethered to a homestead, his wings clipped, PD died an early death in 1958. His legend was buried with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357946", "title": "Soon, the elderly could escape to 'Paradise'", "text": "One's golden age, when one has completed all worldly duties, is often rife with loneliness. With nuclear families and empty nests becoming rule rather than exception, more elderly people are finding it difficult to enjoy their old age in peaceful bliss.A solution for this problem has come up in the city in the form of 'Golden Bliss Paradise' - a home where the elderly can stay for short periods, interact with people of their age group and indulge in activities they enjoy. For the past 20 years, the third floor of Prestige Nursing Home in Sadar has remained unconstructed, waiting for the time when it could be utilized well. A couple of months from now, this place would be brimming with silver-haired residents, living their lives to the fullest.\"The completion of this home would mark the realization of a long cherished dream for me. After constructing the nursing home, I had earmarked one floor for this whenever I could raise enough money for it. With the help of some friends and my kids, I could see the project coming up, albeit after two decades,\" said Dr Anil Jain, owner of the hospital. Some others, he said, would leave the elderly in old age homes as if they were dumping grounds.The concept is of providing a home away from home for the elderly from nuclear families or those suffering from the empty nest syndrome. \"It is not just about sad stories. Sometimes, the elders in the family may not be up for an outing that the younger ones are keen on or may just want to be on their own for a while, doing things they enjoy. Our idea is to let them have fun in their own way, with people of their own age,\" said Dr Jain's son Dr Ankur, proprietor of 'Paradise'.Dr Jain agrees saying that these days many people prefer planning ahead for their retirement and the home may provide them an interesting option. \"Being associated with a hospital, they can also be provided with the medical care they need,\" he pointed out.Long-time family friends Priti and Dinesh Chhabra, realized that they had a shared dream with the Jain family. They lost no time in helping out with the project as chief benefactors. \"I have always seen the older members of the family feeling lonely and left out because of the busy lives their children lead. I believed it would do them good to have their counterparts around and mingle with them,\" said Priti. She believes the home would be a safe haven for elderly residents and the activities like outings, meditation, pooja, library and games will help them stay fit physically as well as mentally.Ankur informed that other than the activities that would be conducted by the members of the club formed by the beneficiaries of the Paradise, much care has been taken to design the home itself. \"The rooms and furniture have been designed to facilitate its inhabitants. Anti-skid floors, call bells near beds and in bathrooms, railings for support, opaque glasses on doors - all these features are to provide comfort and safety,\" he said.For activities, help came from retired government official DNS Sinha. Five years ago, the senior citizen had taken up an initiative called 'Elders for elder'. \"After my retirement, I talked to many people in my situation and found that their biggest problem is they do not have much to do. So, we formed a club and started meeting regularly and bonded over sessions of bridge and carom,\" he remembers.These gaming sessions increased the happiness quotient of those involved by a few notches, he added. This is why Sinha is pleased to have the same activities at the Paradise. \"The games will also help us remain nimble physically and mentally. With the kind of activities we have planned, the home is almost like a day care,\" he gushed.For information, contact 8055076449.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357179", "title": "32 traffic islands selected for upkeep", "text": "NASHIK: Thirty-two traffic islands in the city have been selected by 25 builders for repairs and maintenance. The decision was taken at a meeting of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Nashik, with the mayor earlier this week.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to develop the traffic islands in the city through sponsors. Three months ago, the CREDAI had approached the NMC and decided to develop the traffic islands as part of its corporate social responsibility. Mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"We had a meeting with CREDAI with regard to the repair and maintenance of traffic islands and road dividers. All important builders were present for the meeting and are prepared to take on the maintenance work at their expense.\"President of CREDAI, Kiran Chavan, said that more builders are interested in developing the islands and that another meeting would be conducted shortly, particularly with Nashik Road builders. He said that the municipal commissioner and mayor had urged CREDAI members to participate in tree plantation and island beautification. The islands will have the names of the builders' company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358880", "title": "Case against Raka Gira adjourned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The case filed against Mohali woman police officer, Raka Gira, under the excise and arms act, was adjourned by the Central Bureau of Investigation's (CBI's) special court here on Saturday as the investigation agency is yet to receive the report from Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), Delhi.The next date of hearing is now slated for September 6. Gira was booked under various sections of the excise Act and the arms Act in August in 2011. The recording of the telephonic conversation, regarding cartridges and foreign liquor, between Gira and some other accused was sent to the CFSL for voice verification.Gira, who was posted as deputy superintendent of police in the neighbouring Mohali district, was arrested by the CBI on July 24 last year, while she was allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs. 1,00,000. She was booked by the CBI in the corruption case and by the Chandigarh police under various sections of the Excise Act and the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15352198", "title": "Review: Zync Z-999 Plus tablet", "text": "NEW DELHI: You don't have much choice when it comes to low cost tablets with voice calling. Thankfully, Zync has stepped up to the plate with an offering that may surprise you, at a price that will make you smile. As far as appearances go, there's not much to differentiate the Z999-Plus from most other budget 7-inch tablets.However, this one has a nicer matte finish plastic all-round, a rear-facing camera and the all-important full size SIM card slot (which enables voice calls and 3G data). And yes, the device does have a phone earpiece \u2014 so that you can hold it up to your ear to take calls. In essence, it's an oversized Android phone with a 7-inch (800 x 480 pixel) display.For the price, you get a 1.5Ghz processor, Mali 400 graphics chip, 512MB RAM, 8GB flash memory (expandable by 32GB via micro SD), VGA front camera, 2 MP rear camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and HDMI. You won't find the device lacking in performance when it comes to day-to-day use and even gaming and video playback performance is good. A slight issue is the 512MB RAM which can create a problem if too many apps are running simultaneously.Call quality was acceptable - you can make receive calls using the earpiece, loudspeaker or with a wired/wireless headset. If you use the device as a phone, you can expect about a day of battery life \u2014 or roughly 4 to 5 hours of continuous use with internet/video playback.Note that the tablet doesn't have GPS or automatic screen brightness and the rear camera quality leaves a lot to be desired. Instead of a rear camera, we would have preferred if it had a brighter and higher resolution screen.Having said that, the Z-999 Plus offers a unique proposition thanks to the features and the attractive price. The only other budget tablet with comparable hardware and voice calling support is the new Reliance 3G Tab - but you can only use it on the Reliance network.If you can spend up to Rs 19,000, Samsung's Galaxy Tab 2 (also with a 7-inch screen) is a great option. It also does voice calling, has better build quality, a much better screen and overall better features.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357580", "title": "Cops deny terror threat on Independence Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Saturday released its \"updated\" list of wanted terrorists, an annual exercise, even as it denied being alarmed by an email supposedly warning of a terror strike by a Bihar resident on August 15. The mail was purportedly sent to top government officials in Rajasthan. Cops said no such mails were received by Delhi government officials, and that they were yet to receive any specific input on a possible terror attack.It had been earlier reported that various state and central agencies were put on alert after an email threatening of a blast in Delhi on Independence Day was \"sent to various state chief secretaries, including Rajasthan chief secretary C K Mathew\".The email also had specific details on the plotter, state intelligence sources said. Efforts are on to trace the source of the email, said sources.\"Letters come at this time of the year, but most of them are hoax. However, with Pune administration being hauled up for not responding to threat letters on time, we don't want to take any chances. We are in touch with intellgience bureau to find out the origin of all such letters. Periodical checks on social networking sites are also been carried out. Delhi will be on high alert till Eid,'' said an officer.Delhi Police are preparing new posters of wanted terrorists to be printed and pasted at all the police stations, railway stations, bus terminals, airports and public places.Officials said massive security arrangements are being made to ensure 35 terrorists of IM, Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and other organizations who have made it to Delhi Police list are prevented from disturbing Independence Day celebrations. What has added to their worry is that the raids by Maharastra ATS on Saturday failed to throw up any concrete evidence in the Pune blasts.Police said among the names which will figure in this year' s list are obviously the IM founders \u2014 the Bhatkal brothers, IM's India head Yaseen Bhatkal, Shahnawaz, Mirza Shahdab Baig, Mohammad Sajid, Mohammad Khalid, Asadullah Akhtar and Abu Rashid. Shahnawaz and Junaid had eluded the Special Cell in 2008 during the Batla House encounter.Delhi Police are also deploying extra men to check guesthouses and other crowded locations. Officials said patrolling has been intensified and vigil at Metro and railway stations as well as bus terminals has been stepped up.Several companies of paramilitary forces will be man markets like Bengali Market, Connaught Place, Lajpat Nagar, Sarojini Nagar, Paharganj and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356693", "title": "Chennai to stay cool for now, rain likely next week", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is having a pleasant time as the sun plays hide and seek. And the weathermen say the condition will prevail for at least three more days as rains are expected after August 8.Forecasts show that the mercury will remain below 36 Celsius at the hottest time of the day and dip to around 25C in the wee hours. The relatively cool spell started on Friday, when the temperature plunged by five degrees to 25.5 Celsius.On Saturday, it went down further to touch 25.3C, but the maximum temperature rose by two degrees from Friday to reach 34C on Saturday.Deputy director general of the India Meteorological Department Y E A Raj attributed the conditions to a low pressure due to monsoon. \"The sky will remain cloudy for a few days. There may be rains after August 8,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15358157", "title": "Nitish Kumar opposes Narendra Modi as NDA's prime ministerial candidate for 2014 polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP has assured BIhar CM Nitish Kumar that it would decide on its prime ministerial candidate in consultation with NDA allies.Party chief Nitin Gadkari gave this assurance to Kumar when he recently sought a guarantee from the saffron partner that the BJP would not project Gujarat CM Narendra Modi in the 2014 parliamentary polls.According to sources, Kumar sought the specific assurance from Gadkari at a quiet meeting they had here on July 25.Kumar had earlier stressed \u2014 in an interview with the Economic Times and while addressing a convention of party workers \u2014 the need for the NDA to project a \"secular\" person as the PM. His conversation with Gadkari over dinner marked the first instance when the JD(U) leader spelt out his opposition to Modi, potentially complicating BJP's challenge of assuaging a crucial but restless ally without annoying the Gujarat strongman.When contacted by TOI, Gadkari confirmed that the Bihar CM raised the leadership issue with him. \"We had a good meeting in Delhi about a week ago. I told him that we have taken no decision yet on the leadership issue. it is too early for that. Whenever we take a decision, we will do so after consulting all the NDA partners,\" the BJP chief said.The meeting had been sought by the BJP against the backdrop of Kumar's anxiety that the main Opposition may declare Modi to be its prime ministerial candidate. The Bihar CM plans to wean Muslims away from arch-rival Lalu Prasad, and has worked on the BJP to ensure that the Gujarat CM was not assigned campaign duty in any election in Bihar since 2005. However, with a section in the BJP keeping up a steady support for Modi as the PM candidate, the JD(U) leader worries that the momentum for the Gujarat CM may become irresistible if he scores his third straight win in Gujarat polls likely to be held in November.Sources said that in the meeting, Kumar had insisted on an early decision on the leadership issue, and there are indications that he may press his demand again in view of the looming Gujarat polls as well as the projections that Modi is the odds on favourite this time as well.Despite being a partner of the BJP since the 1996 Lok Sabha elections, Kumar prizes his \"secular\" credentials: something which in the last election hindered the effort of his rivals to get Muslims to vote against him. Estimates of the actual support that he got from the community diverge, but there is consensus that the BJP-JD(U) alliance does not evoke the same hostility that NDA would otherwise face.The CM's worry is that the entry of Modi into the fray would not only frustrate his effort to build upon the goodwill he has among Muslims, but would trigger a sharp polarization against him, distracting the attention from his development agenda and handing an advantage to Prasad, Congress and Ram Vilas Paswan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15360662", "title": "EGoM on drought to meet on Wednesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on drought, headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , is scheduled to meet on August 8 to decide on further relief measures to mitigate the adverse impact of deficient monsoon rains.The meeting has been called after Pawar, along with rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, visited four states - Karnataka, Maharasthra, Gujarat and Rajasthan - that have been severely facing drought-like situation, affecting kharif crops, fodder and drinking water supply.\"The EGoM meeting on drought is scheduled for August 8,\" a source said.Pawar is currently touring interior parts of Maharashtra, especially Sholapur, Satara and Pune, to assess the impact of deficit rainfall. He is also planning to visit Punjab and Haryana after the EGoM meeting, the sources said.This would be the second meeting of the EGoM. In the first meeting held on July 31, the panel had announced a slew of measures, including a relief package of about Rs 2,000 crore to states facing drought-like situation and 50 per cent diesel subsidy to farmers to save standing kharif crops.It had also decided to increase subsidy on seeds of various kharif crops and removed import duty on oilcakes to boost fodder supply for livestock.India Meteorological Department (IMD) has indicated that there could be possibility of drought-like situation this year as monsoon rain are expected to be less than 90 per cent. Rain have been deficient by 20 per cent so far. In recent times, the country faced drought in 2009 and 2002.The total area sown under kharif crop was down by 10 per cent at 74.88 million hectare as of August 3, as against 82.76 million hectare in the year-ago period. The sowing of coarse cereals and pulses has been the worst hit as area under these crops is down 17 per cent, signalling a dip in output.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15356790", "title": "Miraculous escape for boat passengers", "text": "GUNTUR: More than seventy people had a miraculous escape in the Krishna waters when the punt in which they were travelling got struck in mid-stream near Govindapuram village of Machavaram mandal. The panicked passengers spent more than an hour in the middle of the waters till they reached to safety.According to information reaching here nearly 72 people took a punt near Govindapuram to Chintiryala village, located on the other end of Krishna river in Nalgonda district. After travelling for some distance, the motorised punt got stuck in the middle of the river , leaving the passengers on tenterhooks. With water flow increasing in the channel, passengers shrieked for help and called their relatives over phone to explain the situation. sThe punt operators initially thought that the machine failed and it might take more time to resume the journey. However, there was further trouble when the punt operator found that the boat got struck in deep sand.The operator summoned another punt from the shore to the spot and retrieved the boat carrying heavy load of passengers from the sand after almost an hour. The mandal level officers reached the spot and monitored the situation. The passengers and officials heaved a sigh of relief after the punt resumed journey.The district collector Suresh Kumar asked the RDO Venkata Ramana to investigate the incidentand submit him the details of the punt operations on Krishna waters and their contract terms. It was an open secret that local ruling party leaders take punt operation contracts at most of the identified spots and transport passengers by grossly violating norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356827", "title": "Hyderabad man's solution helped Vijay win Olympic silver", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is a strange coincidence that all three Indian medallists at the London Olympics have a Hyderabad connection.That Gagan Narang is a local is well-documented and Saina Nehwal needs no introduction for Hyderabadis, but not many know that a Hyderabadi had a small but important role in 26-year old Vijay Kumar striking silver in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol event at the Royal Artillery Barracks in London on Friday.John Hemanth Kumar, a sports psychologist from Hyderabad, has reason to look back in satisfaction at a job well done. His efforts at training Vijay mentally began in the summer of 2009, when preparation began for training for London Olympics at Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU), Mhow.\"Since sports psychology is all about developing concentration and relaxation, I taught Vijay the technique of Anapana meditation,\" John told STOI on Saturday.\"The technique helps the mind to relax while training and also during the competition when stress levels are very high. The technique also deals with improving concentration levels. Vijay was very receptive to the technique and made it a point to observe his breath whenever he had to concentrate and relax while performing,'' John said. \"Spectators can be a source of distraction for shooters. They need to block them out of their mind, get their balance right. It is akin to meditation,\" he added.Vijay was with the Dogra regiment when he joined the Army, but his exploits in shooting earned him a posting at AMU.AMU is a specialised unit of the Infantry School, Mhow. The prime function of the unit is to identify talented shooters from the Army and train them for national and international competitions; Col Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore , a silver medallist at 2004 Athens Olympics also trained at this unit.Nine of the Indian 36 shooters chosen for 2010 Commonwealth Games were from AMU. The only other AMU in the world is in the USA.Vijay Kumar was one of the nine shooters and he struck two gold (25m pairs, Centre Fire Pistol pairs) and a silver (25m Centre Fire Pistol Individual) at the Delhi CWG. A silver medal at the 2011 ISSF World Cup at Fort Benning, USA, helped Vijay qualify for London Olympics.\"All are talented performers with the potential to win, but the important thing is to perform at the right time,\" John said, adding, \"shooters who get a perfect 100 as a matter of routine at training falter in competition because the flow of thought is affected by extraneous factors. Focus matters.\"John reckoned the recruitment of Russian coach Smirnoc Pavel was the best thing to have happened to the Olympic silver medallist. \"Vijay's rise ever since this coach was signed has been phenomenal.\"Especially considering the fact that Vijay had never held a gun until he joined the Army. The 'quiet fellow', has since shot up the ranks from being a sepoy to his current position of havildar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358905", "title": "Design issues in Sukhois' fly-by-wire controls being addressed: IAF chief", "text": "PUNE: Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne has said that the Indian Air Force (IAF) has taken up certain issues related to the design of the fly-by-wire (FBW) controls in the Sukhoi-30 Mk-I aircraft with the concerned design agency after having identified the faults in the Su-30 crash at Wade Bolhai near Pune last December.The FBW system replaces the conventional manual flight controls of an aircraft with an electronic interface.\"We have identified the problem and some more checks are being taken up to prevent recurrence,\" Browne told reporters here on Saturday. \"There was a problem with the aircraft's FBW controls and there is also an issue of design, which we have taken up with the concerned agency,\" he said.Browne insisted that the airworthiness of the frontline Su-30 aircraft cannot be questioned. \"I myself came here and flew the aircraft within days of the crash. There is nothing wrong with it,\" he said.\"In the FBW, because it is electronically used, there are areas where it can give problems. The Su-30 is not the only case but such problems have occurred with aircraft using fly-by-wire controls,\" he added.It has happened with the F-22s US aircraft, which is a very modern stealth aircraft. The US lost one because of the problem of power interruption in the FBW control, Browne added. \"We have taken all necessary precautions to prevent such a crash,\" he said.On the IAF's fleet plan, Browne said, \"We have not yet planned for changeover of the whole fleet. At present, we have 34 squadrons and we will maintain this right through the 12th five-year plan period, which ends in 2017. So if one squadron, for example of a MiG-21, is being phased out, another one will come up and that will be replaced by Su-30 squadron. In the 13th plan, we will start going up to 42 squadrons by the end of the plan in 2022.\"On the Naresh Chandra task force's recommendation of appointing a permanent chairman for the chiefs of staff committee, Browne said that the government is examining issues as to how to implement the recommendation.\"My view is that the task force has also recommended steps for cross-integration between forces and ministry of defence (MoD) that is officers from the forces and the MoD working on the other side to have a fair appreciation of issues faced by them. This should be done first and once the cross-integration process is complete then we can look at permanent head of chiefs of staff committee matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15363943", "title": "Punjab CM slams UPA government for neglecting state", "text": "PATIALA: Referring to relief announced by the Center for some states like Gujarat, Maharashta and Haryana in view of drought like situation, the Punjab chief Minister said that it was unfortunate that Punjab was deliberately left out of its ambit despite of the fact that this food bowl of the country was adversely affected due to the deficit rainfall.\"This discriminatory attitude of the Union government was a testimony of injustice meted out by the Centre , which has caused widespread resentment in the minds of people. I have already taken up this matter with the prime minister and union agricultural minister seeking a relief of Rs 2380 crore from centre. I am hopefull that the state would be benefited from the scheduled visit of union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on August 10 to assess the situation,\" Parkash Singh Badal said. He was speaking to media persons after inaugurating the University College in Meeranpur village of Patiala district.The CM alleged that the officials of the Union government frame the policies for the country while sitting in their plush air conditioned offices, without caring for the needs and ground realities of the country. He said it all resulted in haphazard drafting of policies which further create chaos in the country adding to the woes of the people as no care was being taken to safeguard their interest.\"Fixing of Rs. 28.35 and Rs. 22.42 daily expenditure as people above the poverty line for the urban and rural areas respectively by National Planning Commission was a nothing but a sheer mockery on the part of Union Government and a testimony towards their complete insensitivity towards the plight of the countrymen\" alleged CM.Assailing the Union government for ignoring the welfare of people by formulating the policies autocratically without concerning the state governments, the CM said the tendency of the Centre government to usurp the powers of the state governments was very dangerous as it not only violated the fundamental principles of democracy but also weakened the Federal structure of the country. Advocating a better deliberation between Union government and the state government before formulation of a national level policy, Badal said that the Centre must take the states into confidence so that good policies for the betterment of people could be drafted and implemented properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357191", "title": "Poor sanitation may ruin Trimbak event", "text": "NASHIK: Even as nearly five lakh people are expected to visit Trimbakeshwar for Shravan Pheri on Monday, the health office in particular and the district collectorate in general have failed to focus on sanitation along the 20-km path around Trimbakeshwar.Many visiting Brahmagiri hill in Trimabkewashwar that day will be eating food brought with them or purchased from local stalls . The waste, mostly non-bio-degradebale, generated will mostl likely be tossed in the neighbouring farms since there are no specific arrangements for waste collection that day. \"No such arrangements have been made or even thought about, as it never came up for discussion during meetings with the collectorate,\" senior health department officials said.Sudhir Ladhe, junior engineer with Mahagenco and member of Nisarga Mitra, Eklahara, which has been voluntarily cleaning the 'marg' after the Pheri, said that for several years the team's requests to the administration for sanitation measures have fallen on deaf ears. \"There are no dust-bins or lavatories along the entire route, and no checks in place either for shops providing tea and snacks during the pheri, \" Ladhe said. The Trimbakeshwar municipal council will be looking after sanitation issues inside the council areas where it will clear dumps every hour, council officials said.The district health office has also made arrangements for emergency medical services if required. \"There are five spots along the path where medical attention will be provided, \" the official said. The five spots where medical teams would be positioned include Rishi Gautam's temple, Sapgaon Phata (on Jawhar Road), Kushawarta, Trimbakeshwar temple and Pahine Phata. The department would also monitor water purification, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358113", "title": "Muslim bodies to participate in CM's iftar party", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Muslim Forum took a U-turn from their stand to boycott the iftar party to be hosted by chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Earlier they had alleged that the government failed in delivering justice to the victims of Gopalgarh, Sarada, Sarwar, Surval and 20 other places. CM's iftar party is scheduled on August 13.The change in heart came after the CM invited the protesting groups and heard their grievances on Thursday. He assured them to take effective measures and ensure justice to the victims of communal violence.Salim Engineer, national secretary of Jamait-e-Islami, said the meeting with CM shows his keenness in solving Muslim issues. \"The delegation is partially convinced on what CM assured us. I am sure after our meeting, he will initiate measures to deliver justice and improve the condition of Muslims,\" said Engineer.Sources said the CM skipped the iftar party organized by minister of state for education Naseem Akhter amid protest from an unidentified Muslim body in Ajmer which pasted posters equating him with Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15358714", "title": "What can I do to get a state award? Vijay Kumar asked govt", "text": "SHIMLA: \"What should I do to get a state award?\" This was what a dejected and hurt Vijay Kumar had asked the Himachal Pradesh government just three months before he made the country proud by winning the silver medal on Friday at the London Olympics.The state government, which did not send a reply, hastily announced an award of Rs 1 crore for Vijay late on Friday evening, as news of his silver-winning performance poured in. It was also announced that the Himachal Gaurav Puraskar will be conferred on him on August 15.While training in Germany in May this year, Vijay had shot an email to chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , listing his achievements and asking him what more he would have to do for the state to recognize him. And, just before he left for London, Vijay's father Banku Ram, a retired subedar of the Indian Army, had submitted a copy of the letter to deputy commissioner of Hamirpur district.While the Centre had conferred the Arjuna award on Vijay in 2007, the two state awards for sportsmen -- Himachal Gaurav Puraskar and Parshuram Rajya Khel Puraskar - had eluded him.\"Vijay was pained by the fact that his achievements were ignored by his own state. Before leaving for London, he had promised me he would bring home a medal and make the government chase him with the awards,\" said Banku Ram.Vijay, who hails from Harsaur village of Harmipur district in Himachal Pradesh, joined Indian Army in 2001 and took to shooting in 2003. Vijay first caught the attention of nation with his stunning performance in 2006 Commonwealth Games , where he bagged two gold medals in 25 meter individual and pair rapid fire pistol competition.A senior state government official, who has remained associated with the sports department, requesting anonymity, said, \"He missed out on the awards. He did not represent Himachal Pradesh in any of the events but the Army and rules say only those representing the state are eligible.\"Banku Ram said that when Vijay won two golds in the 2006 Commonwealth Games, the then chief minister Virbhadra Singh had given him Rs 10 lakh.\"Last month, Vijay's father had handed me a print of his son's email. I had forwarded it to the state government,\" said Hamirpur deputy commissioner Rajinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357473", "title": "Smooth sailing for Congress-NCP committee", "text": "MUMBAI: The first-ever meeting of the coordination committee after Prithviraj Chavan was appointed chief minister in November 2010 was a \"smooth affair\" after senior leaders of both the NCP and the Congress decided not to rake up controversial issues.Earlier in the day, NCP president Sharad Pawar said the coordination committee's strength should be increased for better representation of both parties. \"Five persons should represent each party, instead of three at the moment, only then will the deliberations be meaningful,\" the NCP president said.Ajit Pawar said Chavan must take leaders of both parties into confidence before taking a policy decision. \"The coordination between Congress and NCP was much better during the tenures of Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan. We feel the CM should consult the NCP while shifting IAS and IPS officers and that ministers of state should be given more powers,\" Ajit Pawar said.Ever since the Congress-NCP dislodged the saffron combine in 1999, a comprehensive coordination committee was formed to discuss the common minimum programme, accordingly, the panel met at regular intervals. However, after Prithviraj Chavan took over, he never convened a meeting of the coordination committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15357974", "title": "Justice delayed as local court is full and brimming", "text": "GURGAON: With a large number of litigations, including high-profile cases such as the labour unrest at Maruti, Citibank scam and various property frauds, the district court in Gurgaon seems to be overburdened with work. What makes thing tough for both litigants and court staff is the lack of infrastructure and space crunch.A few months ago, a toilet and a lock-up room were turned into courtrooms to meet the rising demand. Vikas Sadan on the court premises has four courtrooms which dispose of cases related to financial irregularities like cheque bounce. The court gets about 400 cases of cheque bounce on a daily basis. \"Such cases come under Negotiable Instruments Act. The volume of such cases is very high in Gurgaon because of the large presence of corporates . Everyone here is busy all the time\" said Ajay Kumar Kanda, a lawyer who practises in local court.Due to lack of ventilation, court staff and litigants can be seen sweating on hot afternoons. The courtrooms are so small that people often stand in the corridor to listen to the proceedings.To reduce the number of pending case, the court staff often works overtime. \"In cases of financial irregularities, we try to dispose off cases involving high amounts during office hours. And we take up cases that involve amount below Rs50,000 post-5pm,\" said a staff member. There are 21 courtrooms in the premises, dedicated for criminals and other civil matters. Hemant Yadav, a lawyer said: \"Due to high number of pending cases, average time gap between two hearings is about three months.\"\"It's unfortunate that a judge sits in a courtroom which was earlier a toilet,\" said another lawyer. \"Some of the courtrooms are very narrow and don't even have a window. It's suffocating in there. But for us, there is no other option,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15357905", "title": "Two yrs RI for couple in remarriage case", "text": "AKOLA: Marrying clandestinely without giving divorce to the first wife cost a couple dearly as judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Barshi Takli on Friday sentenced them to two years rigorous imprisonment (RI) and imposed a fine of Rs3000 each after their guilt was proved.Purushottam Ingle of Deshmukh file had married Triguna of Kanheri Sarap village on May 14, 1987. Triguna later left Purushottam and returned to her parental home after alleged torture from her husband. However, they were not legally separated.Taking advantage of Triguna's absence, Purushottam secretly married Chhaya alias Rukhma Pathak of village Shirala Pusada. On learning about this, Triguna filed a case in court of JMFC at Barshi Takli tehsil in Akola district. An offence was registered under section 494 and 109 of IPC and section 248 (2) of criminal procedure code 1973 against Purushottam and Chhaya.Triguna submitted proof of her marriage with Purushottam. She also produced birth proof of Chhaya's daughter.JMFC NP Bandchhode held Purushottam and Chhaya guilty of the offence and sentenced each of them to two years rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs3000 each. Noted criminal lawyer Adv NP Ital argued for the complainant Triguna.The punishment is first of its kind in almost three decades, say legal experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358809", "title": "Tourist centre to house replicas of Ajanta caves", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has proposed more than just the replication of the paintings in the Ajanta caves. The tourism body plans to construct identical prototypes of cave numbers 1, 2, 16 and 17 at a visitors' centre that will soon come up near the UNESCO world heritage site.MTDC sources said that the prototypes, which will be made using simulated stone face plaster, will be almost identical to the original caves, with replicas of carved columns, beams and sculptures.A source from the MTDC said that the tourism body is currently constructing two visitors' centres, one at the Ajanta caves premises and the second at the Ellora caves. \"The approximate area of the Ajanta visitors' centre is 3.23 lakh sq m, while the floor area is about 20,000 sq m, of which 6,000 sq m is the exhibition space. The Ajanta visitors' centre will have the prototypes of the four original caves,\" he said.He added that tourists who want to view the caves at length cannot spend much time inside the original caves, which are old and deteriorating with time. \"Higher the number of visitors to the original caves, the greater will be the concentration of carbon dioxide inside the caves, which will affect the paintings. Prototypes of these caves will provide visitors with an opportunity to view the interiors at length. This will also help reduce the deterioration of the monument,\" he said. Work on the prototypes will be completed by April 2013, he added.Caves 1,2,16 and 17 were chosen to be replicated as they contain intricate carvings and elaborate paintings. The visitors' centre will have three to four exhibition halls and mini-theatres where films on history and archaeology will be screened for tourists.The Ellora visitors' centre will be smaller than the one at Ajanta, It will have an approximate floor area of 12,000 sq m, which includes an exhibition area of 2,000 sq m. Exhibition stalls will display local articles. \"A special parking area will be created outside this centre. This will be used in place of the current parking area outside the caves, as fumes from vehicles parked in the area can harm the caves. In addition, two mini-theatres with cycloramas will also come up at the Ellora centre,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357610", "title": "Today\u2019s radio jockeys are more like Emraan Hashmi than Rajesh Khanna", "text": "He plants a prolonged, amplified kiss on her invisible neck and fills the gap between conversations with heavy sighs that aren't necessarily caused by a lack of oxygen. There is even a hint of something rising but the details are left to imagination. He then punctuates romantic old songs with not-so-innocent nursery rhymes so 'Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall' is followed by his promise to take her to the mall and 'Ringa Ringa Roses' is a prefix to the promise of administering love in 'doses'.In the electromagnetic field between the radio jockey and the housewife, unprecedented signals are being transmitted. Clearly, the RJ isn't just a well-meaning Rajesh Khanna anymore. Today, he is Emraan Hashmi too. Sex, porn, masturbation, dissatisfaction and adultery\u2014everything is discussed between bhabhi's moans and the RJ's sighs. As a consequence, during this public transmission of affection, the city feels like an eavesdropping neighbour in the middle of traffic or extended family.While love advice on radio isn't a new phenomenon, it used to be the preserve of late-night airtime. However, afternoon shows such as Red FM's Bhabhi Hotline hosted by RJ Pritam and RJ Anirudh Chawla's 'Anirudh LLB (Love, Ladkiyan Aur Bollywood)' on Big FM have not only changed that but also have made sexual undertones and flirting with callers commonplace.And that's just part of radio's effort to evolve, says RJ Anirudh Chawla. The promise of anonymity encourages many housewives to call Chawla who is given to sighing and blowing kisses on his show. \"There is a lot of suppression and loneliness in society. Girls don't get to have boyfriends and Indian husbands are not very romantically inclined so I become their ideal, fantasy lover,\" reasons Chawla, referring to his carefully cultivated on-air persona.He even uses the lyrics of old Hindi songs such as 'Yeh hai reshmi zulfon ka andhera' as opportunities to dispense romantic advice for husbands. These include things like \"Dim the lights in your room\" and \"Blow into your wife's ear\". Such presentation also inevitably helps \"update romance and reinvent the retro slot,\" says Chawla, whose family isn't very comfortable with his radio alter-ego but \"I am careful not to overstep the line. I do not go below the neck\", he assures.Rohini Ramnathan, a radio jockey on Red FM feels that on radio, interpretation is king. \"Sex, religion and politics are not topics that RJs can delve into directly. But given the wide spectrum of the audience, which ranges from class four workers to CEOs stuck in traffic, the effort is to deal with the issues that excite them smartly,\" says Ramnathan.It is, however, quite amusing that radio stations would experiment with edginess, as the latter doesn't really rake in ad revenue, says insiders. \"Brands like women , men and families and bold content simply doesn't fit in with too many advertisers, who do not think edgy content works on anything except the internet,\" says Prashant Panday, executive director and CEO of Radio Mirchi. \"We have no problems being edgy on political viewpoints, on social mores and the like, but when it comes to sexual edginess, we prefer to stay clean.\"If Bollywood is used as the measure of Indian morals, it's not hard to see why radio is going down that road, feel old-timers. However, RJ Junaid Alam, who was Radiocity's 'Love Guru' for over seven years, does not subscribe to such gimmicks. \"The tendency is to be sensational without much attention to vocabulary or information,\" says Alam, adding that he chose his words carefully while advising callers on matters of an intimate nature too. \"You can handle bold topics without being obscene or jarring to the ear. Some RJs seem to lack the maturity and ground work, and their delivery is embarrassing for me even if I am listening to it alone in my car.\"Often, the RJ's attempts to flirt and moan comes off sounding very forced. RJ Archana Pania of Radiocity, who plays herself on radio, says that while she understands the need to be edgy at night, there are ways to create a drama without being explicit. Citing Bollywood's famous erstwhile symbolism for sex\u2014two roses\u2014Pania concludes by comparing the RJ to a house pet to make her point. \"You don't want to see your dog having sex.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363739", "title": "I'd rather be a drug addict, says Russell Brand", "text": "Russell Brand has admitted that he still struggles to control his craving for heroine.According to the Sun, the BBC3 documentary called 'Russell Brand: From Addiction to Recovery' has shocking footage of the 37-year-old comedian smoking heroin when he was in his 20.In a clip from his earlier years, he is seen preparing a wrap, leaning over the heated foil to smoke it before leaning back against the wall and staring dead-eyed at the camera.The documentary showed how Brand is watching the clip in the London Savoy Hotel with his friend Martino Sclavi.Brand is then seen telling Sclavi that he's \"a proper little junkie,\" before saying: \"This is when you know it's a disease. It doesn't matter that I was sat in that flat in Hackney and now I'm in the Savoy. I'm jealous of me then.\"It doesn't make a difference to me. The money, the fame, the power, the sex, the women - none of it. I'd rather be a drug addict,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying.The 'Rock of Ages' star has been clean for ten years and has always been open and candid about how hard he still finds it to keep away from drugs - especially since he is working in the entertainment industry.He's also been adamant that drug addiction is a disease and should be treated as such. He spoke passionately on the subject when Amy Winehouse died.He goes on to say in the documentary, \"The consequences of my actions affected so many people.\"Heroin is a greedy drug. First it'll take your money. Then it'll take your friends, your family, your car, your house. Then it's going to take bits of your body. In the end I used to be scoring with people that had eyes missing, limbs missing.\"You'll take it until it takes your life. It'll take everything until the last thing and you'll gladly give it that rather than give up drugs. When you are a drug addict, the idea of not taking drugs is inconceivable. This was the beginning of a life-long journey of doing things differently,\" he added.In the documentary he goes back to visit the Focus 12 Centre in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, where he spent 12 weeks getting clean in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361342", "title": "Namitha making a comeback with Fire", "text": "After a brief sabbatical, actress Namitha is set to make a comeback in Tollywood. The Gujarat-based model was not seen in big ticket films in Telugu after Simha but was busy signing Tamil and Kannada movies. Reports say that the buxom beauty is playing one of the leads in a Telugu film \"Fire\", directed by SK Bhasheed.Fire, which also stars Sandhya, Bhanusri Mehra, Rishika Singh and Rekha , is currently being filmed in Hyderabad. M M Srilekha is composing the music for this action drama, which is expected to release in September. Bhasheed earlier made films like \"Allare Allari\" starring Venu Thottempudi and \"Ramdev\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15358278", "title": "Raia locals to celebrate 'Konsanchem fest' today", "text": "MARGAO: Every year on August 5, villagers of Raia converge to celebrate the age-old 'Konsanchem fest.'This year too, the feast will be celebrated with great enthusiasm when the parish priest will descend into the fields and cut the first sheaves of paddy using a silver sickle, to ceremoniously reap the fruits of the farmers' labour.The feast celebrates the cutting of the first sheaves 'konsa' of the rice harvest. To commemorate it, farmers and other villagers participate enthusiastically and collect the blessed sheaves.While Raia will be the first village to harvest paddy, heralding the beginning of the harvesting season in Goa, it attracts people from all over Salcete. The harvest feast has Biblical significance. In the book of Genesis , Abel offered his best sheaves of corn to God.According to former parish priest of Our Lady of Snows Church, Raia, Fr Cipriano Da Silva, the church was built by the Gaunkars of Raia and Camurlim in the year 1699 and this traditional ceremony of cutting of the corn was later introduced and made part of the feast of Our Lady of Snows.Da Silva further points out that the feast has its origins in the Basilica Di Santa Maria Maggiore on Esquiline hill - the largest Roman Catholic Marian church in Rome , Italy. Legend has it that on August 5, snow fell during the night on the summit of the Esquiline Hill. In obedience to a vision a wealthy childless couple had on the same night, Pope Liberius built the basilica in honour of Mary on the very spot which was covered with snow with the financial assistance from the couple.Parish priest Fr Leonard Morais said that the feast brings about 10,000 people together for the ceremony and masses. The ceremony takes place in an area of the field called 'Saibinechem Konjem', where seeds for the special sheaves are planted in early April so that the paddy is ready for the August 5 harvest. After being cut, the sheaves are blessed by the parish priest and distributed amongst those present.In the past, the blessed sheaves were sent to the governor and bishop of Goa. Now, the blessed sheaves are sent to neighbouring Rachol seminary.Peter Vaz, member of the Church fabrica, said that the festival emphasizes on the first corn and that it serves to boost agriculture.Says Raymond Rocha, farmer and founding member of the Raia farmers' club (Neves Xhetkhari Sanghatna), \"This is a traditional feast that has come down from our ancestors. It is a celebration and a festival of hope as the people are always looking forward to this feast to bring in lots of blessings to our field for a good crop.\"\"This is a traditional feast that has come down from our ancestors,\" added Rocha while stating that the feast mass will be held at 9.45am on Sunday.Vaz added that as per the decision of the parish priest, flower and candle vendors will not be allowed in the church compound so as not to distract from the solemnity of the event.A 40-year-old tradition - the Custodio Memorial football tournament - accompanies the celebration of the feast, attracting a football-crazy crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15357992", "title": "Private hospitals in business of C-section?", "text": "JAIPUR: Is it the business of private hospitals behind high C-sections or the practice is quite less in government hospitals just because there is lack of facilities and equipment? Despite private hospitals strongly denying it, but several reports say otherwise.According to a social organization -s Society for All Round Development (SARD), Rajasthan - private hospitals seem to take up C-sections as a business. SARD claimed that it has recorded many cases of normal deliveries which private hospitals had recommended for C-sections.\"We have sought details through RTI to know more about C-sections in private and government hospitals,\" SARD secretary Brijmohan Sharma said.He said the high numbers of C-sections in private hospitals hinted that there is a business purpose involved. \"Each caesarian delivery cost somewhere between Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000 depending on the standard of the hospital,\" Sharma said.Besides, government gynecologist Dr Shaitan Singh said, \"Every month, two to three cases come to me who was advised for caesarian deliveries when it could be normal deliveries. Except in some 2-3% of the total deliveries, C-sections deliveries are necessary for safe maternal and infants' life because of some complications. In our textbooks too, it is mentioned that 97% deliveries are normal deliveries.\"But, the Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Association (PHNHA) denied any such business purpose in the C-sections conducted in private hospitals. PHNHA secretary Dr Vijay Kapoor said, \"There are some black sheep in every community but it is not the reason of high caesarian in private hospitals.\"\"The basic reason behind high caesarian in private hospital is the quality of service which the private hospitals are providing. In government hospitals, especially in rural areas, the facilities for caesarian is not that good in government hospitals. So people prefer private hospitals for caesarian.\"He said the private hospitals provide 24 hours service with more facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362377", "title": "Sharmila Mandre is satisfied", "text": "Yet another girl from Karnataka tried her luck in Kollywood this weekend. Sharmila Mandre, who has a few Kannada films to her credit, made her debut with R Madhesh's film Mirattal, where she was paired opposite Vinay Rai.The actress, who prides herself in being a stylish girl, is extremely thrilled that this film won her positive reviews not just for her looks and clothers but her performances too. The actress now feels that this is motivation enough for her to go ahead and sign some for Kollywood films.In one of the reviews, Sharmila's lip sync skills were praised, considering she isn't from Tamil Nadu. This particular line, especially, has made the actress feel that she can take on more projects in Kollywood confidently.Sharmila, who especially loves her performances in the two songs Radio Radio and Kalla Parvai , feels that she had enough opportunity to prove both her acting and glamour skills through this launchpad. Here's hoping this confidence will win her more projects in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362753", "title": "Rajendra Prasad\u2019s new avatar for Nutilo Kappalu", "text": "'Natakiriti' Rajendra Prasad's forthcoming movie Nutilo Kappalu is progressing at a good pace in Hyderabad. The buzz is that the actor sports a retro look for this film, which expounds narrow-minded people in the contemporary society.Sources say that Rajendra Prasad will be seen in a role much younger than his age. Coming with a tagline 'Paiki raavu, Raanivvavu', the actor will tickle the funny bones with his witty conversations with people who are reluctant to come out of their world and look to learn new things.Nutilo Kappalu has already completed 70 per cent of the shooting and the next schedule will commence shortly. The movie is directed by Chanti Gnanamani and jointly produced by Vinay and Poonati. Meanwhile, Rajendra Prasad's recent release Onamalu has getting response from all corners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358032", "title": "Protest at hospital after infant suffers minor injury", "text": "JAIPUR: The finger of an infant was cut during delivery at Karauli district hospital late on Friday following which the relatives protested at the hospital on Saturday morning.Sources said the pregnant woman was admitted to the hospital late on Friday night. The doctors said that it was a normal delivery.But the parents noticed the bleeding in the finger in the morning. After that the relatives alleged carelessness on the part of doctors.After principal medical officer M L Gupta reached the spot and assured the relatives that he would investigate the matter, the relatives calmed down.Dr ML Gupta said, \"There was just a minor cut near the nail of the finger. The infant is normal and we have kept him under 24-hour observation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15364171", "title": "Indian cinema hasn\u2019t treated spiritual sexuality this way before: Rii", "text": "Rii was pleasantly surprised when she first heard the news that she had bagged the Best Actress Award at the Osian's Cinefan Film Festival. Thrilled and excited, the actor now hopes that the award will motivate her to do more challenging roles in future.Says Rii, \"I was in Delhi to attend the Festival but have just returned to Kolkata. I never expected that I would get the Best Actress Award for my role in Amitabh Chakravorty's \"Cosmic Sex\". I am so glad that an international jury has selected recognized my work this way.\"The film explores the idea of \"dehotatwa\". \"I am privileged to have got this role and the award. It is a very serious film and is about control. No Indian cinema has dealt with sexuality this way. Spiritual sexuality has never been dealt with this way in Indian cinema before,\" Rii says.The actor will be leaving for Mumbai with her partner, Q, on Monday for the colour correction of \"Tasher Desh\". \"There is no celebration as such on this. But I hope it will help me to do more interesting work in future,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15360926", "title": "Cop yet to track down conwoman", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten days has passed and still the Tilak Nagar police have to track down an unidentified conwoman who managed to steal diamond necklace worth Rs 4 lakh from Orchid Diamond Studio Pvt Ltd in Paras Market in Ghatkopar locality on July 25.Police said the incident came to light when the jeweller Manthan Modi checked the valuables kept for display at 8pm and found the diamond necklace missing. Modi went through the closed circuit television (CCTV) camera and found a woman (aged between 40) posing as customer came to the shop and reportedly flicked away with the valuable.The CCTV footage showed the smart handiwork of the woman accused who kept the sales girl engage with her sweet talks asking to show different makes of thediamond necklace and tactfully kept the valuable in her dress. The woman was dressed in Gujarati style and was accompanied by a man aged around 45-50. The incident occurred in between 1.25pm and 1.30pm. \"\"The theft was committed within five minutes and the accused diverted attention of the sales executive by making her to show the costly diamond necklace that was kept on display and flicked the valuable. The handiwork was clearly visible in the handiwork CCTV,\"\" said Tilak Nagar police senior inspector RM Gavit.The matter was observed by the Jeweller Manthan Modi around 8pm when the tally of the day's sale is compared with the valuables. \"\"I noticed discrepancies in the day's sale tally with the valuables that should be there in the shop. I realised that the diamond necklace worth Rs 4 lakh missing from display box. The theft was confirmed through the CCTV footage where the woman in her 45 years diverts the executives attention and keeps the necklace tied to her Saree and left the place without buying,\"\" said Modi.Meanwhile Modi also informed the Jewellers Association in the locality and passed the CCTV footage of the accused so that she can get caught if she visits any other Jewellery shops in the locality. \"\"The woman was never seen in the locality. The Jeweller gave description of the conwoman and informed she spoke in Gujarati and was very relaxed. The CCTV footage showed the handiwork of the conwoman,\"\" said Gavit.Investigators said after the Ghatkopar robbery that occurred few months ago the additional commissioner of police (east region) Quarter Khalid had held meetings with the Jewellers from eastern suburbs to install high end CCTV cameras and also gadgets to check on burglary. \"\"If the jewellery had used the burglary machine and barcode on the valuables then anyone who tries to leave the premise after stealing can get caught,\"\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356724", "title": "An upside down world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The artist Philippe Ramette likes to contemplate. Standing in the balcony, he looks onto the sky... just that the balcony is floating in the middle of Hong Kong harbour, with the city as the backdrop. A gravity defying shot! And one may perhaps believe it's a classic photoshop exercise. \"On a closer look, you see tension in my hands, my red face is far from the serene as the blood rushes to it, my suit is ruffled,\" he says. Titled 'The Upside Down World of Philip Ramette', the French artist goes to extraordinary lengths to present his perspectives about the world we live in.Ramette believes he is more a sculptor than a photographer. That is because he creates his gravity-defying poses with an elaborate set-up of hidden metal support.Like, in his photograph at the Grimaldi Forum building in Monaco - as he hangs still - metal supports hold him at the ankles. His trousers and tie are strapped down and his hair is gelled to give the impression of being upright.He first prepares sketches of what he imagines, which is then faithfully reconstructed by his team.What Ramette craves to achieve in each of these frames is \"an effect of absolute, implausible serenity\". Ramette rose to fame in the 90s as part of the French contemporary art scene, with his sculptures and performances. \"Photography as a medium is constantly in flux and being subject to new interpretations,\" says Manali Vyas, a photography student. \"Moreover, it is important to see work which motivates and inspires us.\" Organized by Alliance Francaise d'Ahmedabad, the exhibition will be on till August 9, at the NID gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363556", "title": "Music director Prashant Pillai gets busy in Mollywood", "text": "Prashant Pillai is having a field day in Mollywood.The music director whose last stint in the industry was for Sidharth Bharathan's Nidra is now back with Nee Ko Nja Cha and has also finished scoring Lijo Jose Pellissery's Amen.His latest project will be Rajesh Pillai's Motorcycle Diaries which is based on the autobiography of an Enfield Bullet. Prashant also informs us, \"\"I have couple of other projects in the pipeline so you would be seeing me around. In addition to Mollywood, I also have about three non-commercial projects in Bollywood for which we have collaborated with few bands and tried to explore new sounds.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358384", "title": "MSY now pats Akhilesh's back", "text": "LUCKNOW: Within days after rapping his son Akhilesh Yadav's government for non-performance, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday saw a resolution being passed in the party's executive meet appreciating the work done by the state government since its inception in March. Mulayam, however, reiterated that party workers and leaders will have to follow discipline, improve their image and deliver if they want party to perform better in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Mulyam's U-turn regarding performance of Akhilesh's government is being looked upon as a damage control exercise. After Mulayam's warning to ministers on July 31, the opposition parties in the state had started publicising that the senior Yadav had to intervene as the ministers were not listening to Akhilesh and there was infighting among top leaders.Addressing the party's state executive meeting on Saturday, Mulayam said: \"This is the time when even a small mistake of our party workers will be blown out of proportion by the opposition which is struggling to come to terms with the popularity of the SP and its thumping win in the 2012 assembly elections. The 2014 general elections will be an acid test for the state government which the party can't afford to lose.\"Mulayam also gave a patient hearing to the 200-odd party workers, including 150 members of the state executive, who came up with the problems being faced at district level, including the officers not meeting the people or listening to the complaints of the party workers. Mulayam then directed Akhilesh Yadav to look into the complaints and sort them out as early as possible. \"Without proper co-operation from the government, the party will not be able to deliver all by its own,\" Mulayam said.SP state president and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who chaired the meeting, said \"the government was committed to fulfilling all the promises the party made during assembly elections\".Apparently feeling the pulse of the party workers, the CM had on Friday announced that he would make himself available for two hours every Wednesday (10 am to 12 noon) and directed his cabinet members to follow suit. Since than almost have a dozen senior ministers of his cabinet have also announced plans to meet the party workers at the SP headquarters in Lucknow for two hours every week.\"Our topmost priority is to provide adequate electricity to the state. Once this is done, a lot of problems will automatically be resolved. We will ensure that people feel the difference in the near future,\" Akhilesh said.Senior SP leader and MP Ram Gopal Yadav also addressed the state executive, outlining the opportunity that SP has to make it to Delhi through the 2014 general elections.Spokesperson of the party's state unit and MLC Rajendra Chaudhary moved a resolution thanking the party president for his advice and appreciated the efforts of the state president and chief minister towards fulfilling the commitment of the party with the people that were made during the assembly elections. The resolution was passed unanimously.Political observers had their eyes set on the state executive meeting, particularly after Mulayam, at a meeting of his party MLCs and MLAs at Lucknow on Monday, expressed serious displeasure over performance of some ministers. Saturday's resolution was apparently aimed at clearing the air over Mulayam's comments being interpreted in some quarters as though he was uncomfortable with the functioning of his son and chief minister Akhilesh. \"Netaji (Mulayam) had remarked about the performance of some ministers and not Akhilesh,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15357346", "title": "Citizens fed up of garbage in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: The lack of cleanliness of the city has raised a question mark over the functioning of the municipal council of Wardha. All garbage disposal bins have been dumped behind the council's office and citizens have been forced to dispose garbage on roads and lanes.In the last week, committed citizens of the city formed a monitoring committee to probe the situation. One of the members, Dr Pravin Tidke, said, \"In this season, cleanliness is very important to maintain health. If the civic body doesn't abide by its responsibility, it means that it is playing with common man's life.\"Basant Pandey, a social activist, said, \"The municipal council is totally inactive. They are not bothered about the people and do whatever they want.\"Municipal council president Akash Shende, however, claimed that the situation was not bad. Instead, he shifted the buck to the citizens, saying that they must co-operate in keeping the city clean.Municipal council CEO Vijay Khorate admitted that the situation was bad, and added, \"The civic body is hard pressed for financial resources. However, we will try to improve the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15365281", "title": "Number of road accidents fall in Thane", "text": "THANE: The number of people who were killed and injured in road accidents across Thane and its cluster cities of Bhiwandi, Kalyan-Dombvili, Ulhasnagar has fallen in the last three years, according to statistics compiled by the Thane traffic police.The death toll in vehicle mishaps in 2009 was 301, as against 270 casualties reported during 2010, a clear 10 per cent drop in cases of road deaths.The number of fatalities stood at 263 in 2011, a near-about three per cent fall in the numbers as compared to the death toll in 2010, reveal.Traffic police officials said the injured tally in road accidents also fell sharply from 1,178 in 2009 to 1,074 in the next year and just 980 by December 2011. The total number of injured from January to May 2012 was 417.One can safely assume that roads in Thane have turned safe every year despite the rise in vehicle population here. Though the bulk of the motor vehicles use the city roads as an entry or exit point adding to the pollution and traffic chaos here, the visible presence of traffic police corp and the relatively better conditions of the highways has led to a drastic dip in casualties on the roads,'' a senior traffic police official told TOI requesting anonymity.He said incidents of fatal accidents have fallen to 248 in December 2011 as against 278 in 2009, revealing a 10 per cent fall in a span of two years. The recorded cases of fatal accidents in Thane police commissionerate in 2010 was 261.The officials, however, said there has been a steep rise in incidents of motor crashes or collision where the accident can be classified as serious but has not led to any deaths. From 497 cases of serious accidents reported in 2009, it rose to a new high of 569 in 2010 and came down to 524 in December 2011. The number of victims who suffered serious injuries also rose during these three years from 651 in '09 to 680 the next year and 663 in '11.The road safety measures seem to be working effectively in Thane area going by the drastic dip in cases where the accident has led to minor injuries to a person or there are no injuries to any person.In 2009, the total accidents which caused minor or no injuries was 887, which fell by a good 20 per cent in 2010 or 709 cases in 2010. The incidents plunged by 29 per cent in 2012 as the total number of accidents with minor or no injuries in that year stood at 522.The traffic police said in 2012 (January-May) a total of 220 such cases were registered with the authorities.2009 2010 2011 2012*Regst/ Death-InjuredRegst/ Death-InjuredRegst/ Death-InjuredRegst/ Death-InjuredFATAL278 / 301261 / 270248 / 263113 / 117SERIOUS497 / 651569 / 680524 / 663222 / 272MINOR INJURIES447 / 527329 / 394282 / 317124 / 145ACCIDENT WITHOUT INJURIES440 / 0380 / 0240 / 096 / 0* 2012 DATA IS UPTILL MAY 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358128", "title": "Deploy one junior engineer in each ward, Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon told", "text": "GURGAON: In an attempt to ensure better coordination and speedy solutions, the municipal corporation is planning to appoint one junior engineer rather than multiple junior engineers in the same ward.The other big change has been proposed in the enforcement department where a complete segregation of the demolition wing and the development wing is being thought about. In the recent past, there have been a few instances where development projects have been stalled due to lack of coordination between officials.The councillors who have been demanding these changes are happy and say that the development projects will get expedited. \"There is a lot of confusion at present since there are multiple junior engineers doing work in the same municipal ward. All the basic work is carried out by junior engineers and it has happened many times in the past that due to lack of coordination, some work like laying a new road gets affected. So while one engineer lays a new road, some other engineer digs it up to lay a sewer line almost immediately. We have been asking the MCG commissioner to appoint a single junior engineer for each ward so that the engineer is responsible for every kind of development work taking place in the ward,\" said Mangat Ram Bagri, a councillor.However, MCG officials say that with little manpower, they are unable to follow the plan. \"There are 35 wards in the municipal area and we have only around 20 junior engineers. This is the reason why we cannot have a single engineer for each ward. However, we are hoping to hire a few junior engineers or will ask the state government to depute them from other departments in the MCG,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15358342", "title": "South Goa comunidade staff to continue strike", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa comunidade staff workers will carry out their pen-down strike on the steps outside the head office at the administrator of comunidades at Margao after no solution was found to the ongoing stand-off between them and the government.Their strike since Thursday has virtually crippled all comunidades, but they have decided to continue their indefinite strike till the government promises to resolve their grievances and pay their salaries since March.The protesting staff workers have demanded that they be absorbed as permanent employees and rejected an offer made by the administrator of comunidades of being given a single month's salary. They pointed out that the government had to give a loan of 20 lakh to pay their salaries of December (2011), January and February together and fear that any stop gap arrangement would just see them facing the same problem again.They are opposing the current system of waiting for the money paid by comunidades as 'derrama' to be accounted, a part of which incidentally, is used to pay the salaries of the comunidade staff members.Sources further stated that the South Goa district collector N D Agarwal is not pleased with the developments or with the state of affairs at the office of the administrator of comunidades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358468", "title": "Now Seen: Rainbow Dreams in Patna", "text": "Two months ago, some twenty people 'marched' from Patna's historic Gandhi Maidan down to the busy Dak Bungalow crossing, making quite a din. It was a blink-and-you miss it parade of 20 people who came out in Patna's first ever 'Gay Pride Parade'. In the hot June sun, the beating of a 'dholak' and loud Bhojpuri music blaring from a rickshaw made passers-by stop. It was like one of those rowdy rustic weddings, with hip shaking 'laundas', or 'dancing she-males', strutting their stuff. But this one featured masks and rainbow banners that proclaimed Gay Pride. \"Proud 2 B Gay,\" said one.This puny procession, ignored by most of the mainstream media, was historic for the Indian LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer) movement. The one small step in Patna may spark a giant leap for the non-heterosexual community, said a proud Bihari.The organizer was 'Project Pehchan', currently functioning in four towns: Aurangabad, Sasaram, Bhabua and Jehanabad. A local Patna group called 'Dostana Safar' was also involved. In the words of Soni, a participant, \"It is time we say that we exist, and we need to be heard, and respected.\"They were there to tell Patna they would no longer remain invisible. As one told a local videographer: \"It's not about whether I call myself gay, queer or transgender. It's about my right to live my life happily, and with dignity. Not to be teased and called filthy names by others.\"The turnout at the 'Patna Pride' was poor, says 25-year-old Ramesh, a self-identified gay man and part of a facebook group that has over 850 members, because it was held on a hot weekday afternoon, and 'Project Pehchan' target group were 'kothis' and transgenders from the working classes. The self-identified middle class gays stayed away. \"They don't want to mix openly with the 'kothis'. They would not like to be identified as gay and face unwanted problems. Patna is still a small place, not like Delhi.\"The malls and multiplexes are great places for the guys to meet up. And it's not all about making out, says Sunee Arya, a 20-year-old college student from Ara. \"It's nice to meet and talk, make new friends, and see how it works out. I have three friends who like to watch animation and 3-D films, thanks to the facebook group,\" he says.Aman is 35 and a software professional. From a conservative family, he was married at 20, even before he had finished college. He says he fell in love with another guy a year after his marriage. \"I had never felt for my wife or for any girl the same feeling I felt for him,\" he explained. He leads a double life: the 'husband' in his ancestral village and the 'wife' to his very macho, gym-toned partner.\"Sexual orientation is not a choice; it's inborn,\" says Rahul, who works with the HIV AIDS Alliance that gives technical support to groups such as Pehchan. \"Thanks to reading down of Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code, we can openly reach youngsters who were 'underground' with proper HIV, AIDS information and interventions for sexual health ,\" he adds.Out of some 25,000 calls taken by the Sambad HIV 'Helpline 2575757' in Patna, 124 calls were from non-heterosexual people, sources said. \"Gay people are afraid of being laughed at or ridiculed if they call, but our helpline staff are well trained and do not discriminate,\" says Ashok Tiwary, the local coordinator.Bihar is marching along with the times. Patna University recently had a session on 'Queer Literature' at a refresher course for English lecturers. The Aasra Charitable Trust at New Patliputra often screens gay and lesbian-themed films and documentaries as part of its film study circle. \"Queer issues are human rights issues, and non-heterosexual people, just like other minorities in India, have a right to be understood and heard,\" says an active member of the discussion group.\"Educated people in Bihar may accept being gay is not unnatural, but they won't say it out loud,\" says Chetan. \"There is still a long way to go. First you have to be seen. Then you will have to be counted. Then you will be targeted. No rights were ever gained without sacrifice,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357944", "title": "35 lakh e-ticket rail bookings failed in June", "text": "MUMBAI: That Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC)'s e-ticketing facility has not kept pace with the rise in demand is evident from the large number of failed transactions. Approximately 35 lakh transactions in June 2012 and almost 37 lakh attempts in May 2012 could not materialize due to the huge rush to book railway tickets online. To top it, there are several cases where a ticket is not generated, and yet the transaction amount gets debited from the card.According to IRCTC, around 4.5 lakh bookings are done per day through its web site. The overall failure rate for May and June was 72% and 75%, respectively. Netbanking and debit card transactions were the worst performers with a success rate of 66% in May 2012 and a slightly improved 71% in June 2012.Admitting to the problem, a senior railway official said, \"The figures reveal an awful success rate. If the railway board does not act fast, the failure rate will increase further as the use of e-ticketing facility is catching up fast among passengers.\"Pradeep Kundu, spokesman for the IRCTC, said, \"The problem of money getting deducted even though a transaction does not get completed is not solely IRCTC's fault. It could also be because of poor internet quality at the consumer's end or some technical problem at the bank's end.\"The success rate is better when a transaction attempt is made through a cash card. In May 2012, it stood at 87%\u201421% higher than a debit card. The failure comes with an additional headache as the money deducted is refunded into the customer's card account three to four days after the failed transaction date.Kundu also blamed failed transactions on too many concurrent hits for the same berth or seat. He said, \"At one point in time, we used to receive eight to nine lakh concurrent hits during peak hour. However, the change in tatkal booking timings has seen concurrent hits fall to four to five lakh. The traffic has almost halved due to these measures.\"An expert in the field of merchant banking said, \"The failure could also be a result of an incorrect password or insufficient balance or an abrupt abortion before the process is completed.\" To ease the problem, \"the IRCTC can also ease out a payment gateway with a poor success rate. This will help improve the overall strike rate.\"A large number of commuters alleged that the web site is too slow and completing a transaction is time-consuming. Shyam Pandya, a commuter, said, \"Many times, the processing is so slow that I get logged out of the session automatically without ascertaining ticket availability.\"Saying that urgent steps are needed to be taken, N Unnikrishnan, another resident, said, \"Last year, I had booked four tickets for Tier-III AC for Kerala. The payment of Rs 3,500 got deducted but the tickets were not booked.\"Abhay Datar of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"It is not only about the rate of failure. I had mentioned the choice for lower berth for my ticket. However, the site took me to the payment gateway and after the money was deducted, I got a message that the choice was not available and would I like to continue the booking. At this stage, the money had already been deducted from my account.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358381", "title": "CNG price to go up in city by Rs 3 per kg", "text": "LUCKNOW: Commuting by public transport in city might get expensive, as the Green Gas Limited (GGL) has increased the retail selling price of CNG in Lucknow from existing Rs 39 per kg to Rs 42.14 per kg. The new price of CNG will come into effect from August 5 midnight.This has been done because the average input cost of natural gas has increased for GGL, which is a joint venture of GAIL and Indian Oil Corporation Limited.An official release from GGL said that the last price revision took place on June 17, 2010. The company did not increase the price since then despite the increase in various input costs.The city's public transport runs mostly on CNG. There are about 4,000 CNG-operated auto-rickshaws; 2,500 CNG-operated tempos, around 300 city buses running on CNG, some 1,000 school vehicles running on CNG and another 5,000-odd private vehicles operating on CNG.There are also dedicated buses running on CNG. The increase in retail price of CNG will shoot up the fare of commercial vehicles.Auto associations said they will hold a meeting and then decide about increasing the fare. \"After the prices went up in Delhi, it was expected in Lucknow also,\" said Piyush Verma, an office-bearer of one of the auto associations in Lucknow.The CNG is available at Amausi filling station and at sub-stations in Aashiana and Gomtinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357630", "title": "Rapist stalks woman online", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman has lodged a complaint against a man, alleging that he has been harassing her by creating a fake profile on a social networking website. She insists that he is bent on tarnishing her reputation. The man was arrested and convicted in 2009 for raping and blackmailing the same woman, whom he had stalked. He was handed a 3-year sentence; but upon his release, the woman claims he has started stalking her again, this time through social networking.The woman says the man has uploaded their fake marriage certificate on the profile. This, she says, has threatened her marriage, too, apart from causing her mental agony. A case under the IT Act has been lodged but the man has not been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357334", "title": "NMC doing nothing about bad roads", "text": "NAGPUR: There's a big scam going on in the road works department and is resulting in huge financial loss to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Due to the shoddy work being done by the contractors the surface the roads is coming out within four months of repairing. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari himself has agreed to the gravity of the situation.After conducting a review meeting of the road works, Tiwari said that complaints have been received about two roads- Subhash Road and road near Sakkardara lake. \"These roads were repaired/asphalted a few months ago. The complaints point out that the surface of these roads have started to come out and the metal spread on the roads is causing great inconvenience to the citizens. Even, the sanitary workers have complained about problems being faced while cleaning these roads,\" he said.Dhantoli zone's deputy engineer Anil Kadu said that he was not aware of the exact cost of the repairing work and also the condition of the roads. \"Works were not carried on the road according to the work order due to lack of funds,\" he said.The details about the road near Sakkardara lake could not be known as Nehru Nagar Zone's deputy engineer KC Hedao too was unaware of the exact cost of the repairing work and asked the reporter to contact the junior engineer who works under him.The situation is the same in case of South Ambazari road between Laxmi Nagar square and Subhash Nagar T-point. The work was started on January 21 this year at the cost of Rs92 lakh. But the patchwork came out within three days of tarring. Later on, an enquiry was conducted and chief engineer AN Shambarkar directed the engineers of Laxmi Nagar Zone to ask the contractors to remove the bad patches. But the contractors ignored Shambarkar directives and tarred the bad patches without removing the broken surface. Now, the surface layer has started to come out again.Ignoring the seriousness of the situation, a senior engineer told TOI that the surface comes out due to rains. \"We will get repairs done without any cost from the contractors,\" he said.According to norms, lifespan of a road is that of two years after construction. But it is seen that the surface of the roads come out as soon the works are over. The lobby of road contractors at the NMC is so strong that various initiatives taken by the higher officials to prevent the revenue loss has gone in vain. Official directives to display the nature of the work and the lifespan of the roads are not followed.It seems that Tiwari too is trying to protect the contractors. He said that the inferior work is done because the contractors quote tenders way below the actual cost. When asked about the inordinate delay in the completion of cement road project, Tiwari said that a meeting was held with the agency to understand its difficulties. \"Necessary initiatives will be taken to expedite the work,\" he said, giving a clean chit to the agency and also consultant.Meanwhile, Tiwari has directed the officials to repair potholes and stretches where digging is done on all roads within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358085", "title": "Pregnant woman's murder: Permission sought for DNA test of accused colonel", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police have filed an application in a city court seeking permission for the DNA test of the armyman who has been accused of planning and plotting the murder of a pregnant woman.The police officer clarified that they have sought the permission to collect samples from the accused lieutennt-colonel to conduct a DNA test of the foetus (already sent to Madhuban).A senior police officer said that the police had made a similar demand when the accused was produced before a city court but he had objected to it.\"We have sought permission from the court to collect samples of the accused and we hope that the court will grant us the permission. This will help us in conducting the DNA test. The order will be issued on August 6,\" said Rajiv Yadav, ACP (Sadar).The accused, 38-year-old Amardeep Singh Manku, had earlier confessed that he had met the victim, 26-year-old Rekha, at a Tata Motors showroom where she was working as a customer relations manager around two years back.\"She would call me very often and we would meet. But soon she started blackmailing me, saying that she will go public with the initimate pictures that we had clicked. She also threatened me at times by saying that she would tell my wife about our friendship,\" said Manku. Manku had then planned the murder of the 26-year-old. She was finally murdered on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15357270", "title": "Judge B Rajendran underlines need for alternative mediation process", "text": "TRICHY: Madras high court Judge B Rajendran on Saturday underlined the need for Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR), a mediation process by which a mediator appointed by the court settles a dispute by assisting litigants to reduce misunderstandings and explore areas of compromise. Justice Rajendran who was in Trichy to inaugurate a one-day seminar to train referral judges in the district on the importance of ADR in view of the large pendency of cases, clarified that it was not necessary for the court to formulate the terms of a possible settlement, but it could merely describe the nature of dispute \"in a sentence or two.\" The Tamil Nadu Mediation and Conciliation Centre (TNMCC) was set up by the Madras high court to facilitate settlement of disputes referred by the court through ADR through a panel of trained mediators.After dwelling on the salient features of the ADR movement in the very room where the judge had completed his graduation (1972-75) at the Jamaal Mohammad College, Justice Rajendran sat with other judicial officers of Tiruchirappalli district when Tamil Nadu Mediation and Conciliation Centre trainers Uma Ramanathan and D Bharatha Chakravarthy took over the dais afterwards. The judge had earlier met the principal at the latter's chamber out of deference and said he had chosen the institution as an undergraduate student since it was close to his ancestral home. The judge, who was the secretary of the college then, was also the first university rank holder for the college.Making a strong case for ADR and bringing it within the reach of larger society, Justice Rajendran said unlike court cases, the initiative must be taken by the referral judges themselves. \"It is an easy method because once the case is settled, the lengthy process of litigation is restricted to one particular event, and the better part is that there is no question of appeal.\" However, the judge cautioned that in cases involving prosecution for criminal offences, the ADR process was not suitable because of the moral turpitude of human beings. \"What cannot be compromised cannot be allowed to go to mediation,\" he told the judicial officers. TNMCC was set up by Madras high court in 2005, and the court will refer appropriate cases for mediation to the Centre under Section 89 of the Code of Civil Procedure. If a settlement is reached, it will be reported to the court to pass suitable orders, and if not, the court will hear and dispose of the matter in its usual course.The judge later told TOI that the awareness programme on ADR would be held in all districts to facilitate courts in rendering speedy justice and to increase faith in the judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361104", "title": "Skirting the issue: Mystery of a female skirt", "text": "What's the fetching mystery of a female skirt? Why does it make a room full of politicians act like over-sexed teenagers?The French critic Michel Mourlet once said, strong women in positions of power are just fine as long as they aren't sexually dominant and obey middle-class rules of propriety. The situation presented itself recently, in lopsided irony in the upper house of the French parliament. MPs started whistling and heckling the Housing Minister Cecile Duflot as she walked down the aisle to the centre of the assembly to deliver a speech about a new metropolitan plan for the Paris region.As she took centre stage, Cecile Duflot was barraged with wolf-whistles and yells of \"Phwoarr\" when she stood up in a summery dress and high heels. Ms Duflot, the country's 37-year-old Housing Minister, began her speech to the National Assembly in Paris with, \"Ladies and gentlemen,\" then added, \"Obviously, more gentlemen than ladies...\" but her words were drowned out.Legend has it that the male body cannot multitask. It's mostly true, since the blood supply (aka male plumbing) either goes up or down depending on the object of desire in focus \u2014 in this case, Ms Duflot's long sleeve, floral white and blue, kneelength dress.The pertinent question that was raised, amongst other things that morning, wasn't about the metropolitan plan. It actually addressed a far more pressing topic \u2014 the fetching mystery of the female skirt. What is it about a woman's skirt that makes men seem driven less by real emotions and more by Eveready bunny batteries? It's pretty simple. The way to a man's heart is through his eyes. It is scientifically proven that men are visually stimulated, making porn the most profitable business in the world \u2014 but the real romance isn't in full frontal nudity. As any man will tell you, it's in what one doesn't see and fantasises about or what I essentially like to call the \"What Lies Beneath\" hypothesis.A skirt is the perfect visual stoke!Skirts appeal to our animal instincts, it doesn't matter what kind, cut or style. We like them all. It leads all of us into a promised Utopia; of catching an unintended glimpse into the carnal cove of Nerverland. There is no feeling more triumphant than catching a peek of a lacy thong or the seductive trip of a lacy panty fortuitously slipped off the cheek. These are the spoils of our gender wars.It's pretty rhetoricHow can anyone overlook a woman with a sexy skirt on? The promise of a swagger of mystery, the knee treasure, the darkness and play of craving for thigh food.Secretly every man prays for it. The Monroe-esque moment to feed his craving of the clandestine. You know what's RIGHT underneath it \u2014 but you want to see it!Naturally, sexy legs are mandatoryGuys like the chase. The adventure. The demystifying. Guys want to pursue women, and they want to be teased a little. It's animal instinct. Hormones. Evolution. Lingerie Advertisements. All shaken and stirred inside our brain!A global outrage followed Ms Duflot's controversy when MP Patrick Balkany said that Ms Duflot had put on the knee-length floral dress \"so we wouldn't listen to what she was saying\". Women's Rights Minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem retorted: \"Sexism has no frontiers.\"Oh! Calm down now Ms Vallaud-Belkacem, I don't think the good MP engaged in some misogynist foreplay on behalf of the country's political class \u2014 he was merely being a guy!timeslife@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15357632", "title": "Doc booked under Atrocity Act.", "text": "GONDIA: Police on Friday registered a case against the medical superintendent of Bai Gangabai Hospital under the relevant sections of atrocities on backward communities Act, for verbally abusing a woman.The woman, Prachi Wankhede (23) of Satona village in Gondia tehsil, accused Dr. Naseem Akhtar of verbally abusing her by calling her by her caste name. According to police sources, Prachi had been working as an auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) on contract in Sadak Arjuni for last three years but her contract was terminated in March 12 by the district health officer Dr Bhimrao Meshram and was directed to join BGW Hospital in Gondia.According to Prachi's complaint, when she went to join BGW hospital on June 29, the medical superintendent Dr Akhtar asked her to bring a letter from the Deputy Director Of Health Services (DDHS) Nagpur. So she approached the DDHS for the letter. Prachi said that even though the DDHS didn't give any letter he directed Dr Akhtar, on phone, to allow her to join the hospital. But the doctor didn't allow her to enter into service. Prachi alleged that the doctor demanded Rs8,000 from her. She said that the doctor even called her by her caste name and rudely asked her to get out.Meanwhile, the doctor allowed another candidate Suchitra Shinde to join the hospital as ANM. According to hospital sources Shinde's joining letter was signed by both the DHO and the CEO of the Gondia ZP. Hence she was allowed to join the service but even though Prachi's letter was signed by the DHO she submitted another letter forwarded by a political party. Hospital sources said that this must have irked Dr Akhtar.An insulted Prachi approached the local police station and lodged a complaint. An offence has been registered against Dr. Naseem Akhtar. The deputy superintendent Vasant Gayakwad is investigating into the matter.Meanwhile, Dr. Naseem Akhtar was not available for comments.Photo Diwakar Phatak", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363829", "title": "Shalini Kapoor\u2019s post motherhood fitness", "text": "Motherhood comes with a lot of challenges. Remember how Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's post motherhood pictures became the talk of the town?While the Indian media lashed out at her for gaining weight, the international media was raving about her on her first public appearance, after giving birth to baby Aaradhya, at Cannes. Even mothers Kajol and Lara Dutta took Ash's side. In the tele world, actress Shalini Kapoor, who is currently acting in Mahadev, is very serious about her fitness. \"I am a perfect planner. Before I planned motherhood I had visited a dietician, and shed all extra kilos. During my pregnancy I again gained the lost weight. So it was well balanced. I did not have to gain extra weight,\" says Kapoor. So did the discussion on motherhood and Ash disturb her? \"Yes, It is important to stay fit but not at the cost of one's health. We should have given her space,\" she says.Now, Shalini is looking perfect. \"I guess my dedication towards achieving a good figure is working and also my husband Rohit Sagar, an ad-man, is always after me. Whenever I feel laid back or lethargic to go to the gym, he encourages me, and teases me as well,\" she smiles. \"At the end, it is about being healthy, and not anything else,\" she shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358841", "title": "Bogus bank accounts keep cops from busting rackets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bogus bank accounts, opened with the help of forged documents, have emerged as a major hurdle for Chandigarh police to reach the kingpin of various rackets.Senior police officials maintained that these fake accounts have facilitated in the flourishing of white-collar crime and of rackets, including drug smuggling, immoral trafficking, visa scams, lottery scams, fake degrees and identity cards rackets that are being operated from the city.Police said earlier it was possible to nab the main culprits by setting up a trap but these days trend has changed. Accused are hiring middlemen, by paying them meagre amounts, to make the delivery (it could be drugs, degrees or lottery amount) to their client.Kingpins and their immediate associates themselves remain out of the picture and ask their clients to deposit money into bank accounts that are opened in Maharashtra or some south Indian or eastern states by using fake documents.\"Fake bank account is one of the major problems that we are facing while taking our probe to the logical end. In last 8-10 months, we observed that criminals are escaping arrest by operating through fake accounts and SIM cards. Things have become so easy for them that they can run any racket by sitting in any part of the country by just opening a fake account,\" said deputy superintendent of police ( CID) Anil Joshi.\"We have seen this emerging trend in scams related to immoral human trafficking, narcotics, lotteries, work-permit visas and counterfeit degrees. Earlier, it was easy to trap the kingpin, but now he is not coming out in public,\" stated Joshi, who is also heading the special investigation team of Chandigarh police.Joshi said that many nationalized banks are taking this serious problem very lightly, leaving scope for discrepancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15357998", "title": "Workers' unions form panel to deal with Maruti issue", "text": "GURGAON: Workers' unions from Gurgaon, Manesar and Dharuhera set up a 16-member coordination committee to deal with the issue of the lockout at the Maruti plant in Manesar in a meeting held here on Saturday.In the meeting, held at Ambedkar Bhawan in Sector 4 and presided over by Jaspal Rana, leader of the Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS), it was decided that the coordination committee would submit a memorandum to the deputy commissioner on Tuesday calling for a CBI inquiry into the unrest and the \"illegal\" lockout at the Manesar plant.\"Due to the lockout so many contract workers are now left without work. We want Maruti to resume work as early as possible. Over 100 people were arrested and many of them had no role to play in the violence whatsoever. Our demand is that the innocents among those arrested should be released,\" said Kuldeep Janghu, general secretary of Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union (MUKU) Gurgaon plant.Members of HMS, CITU and AITUC belonging to more than 35 factories took part in the meeting. They said that workers alone were not responsible for the violence on July 18.Meanwhile, the special investigation team (SIT) of the Gurgaon police recorded the statements of several of the injured Maruti officials who are undergoing treatment in different hospitals.According to police, on Saturday, the SIT arrested a worker of MSIL's Manesar plant in Jhajjar on the charge of being involved in the July 18 violence.He was identified as Naveen, resident of Jhajjar. Police produced him before a city court and sent him in 14 days' judicial custody. So far more than 100 workers have been arrested and 10 union leaders are on police remand. Police will produce them in court on August 9.In a related development, the hearing of four separate petitions in the Maruti case was postponed to Monday. Advocate Rajendra Pathak, counsel for the arrested workers, said: \"On Saturday, we were ready for the argument in court, but police took a date from the court for the hearing, which turned out to be Monday. We are demanding that we be allowed to meet workers in jail and the jail superintendent has given in writing that they would allow the lawyer on all working days from 4pm to 5 pm to meet the accused workers.\"On Friday, Pathak had submitted the allegations of his clients and their relatives that there had been reports of inhuman treatment of the accused by Gurgaon police. Pathak filed three petitions before judicial magistrate Ambardeep while another was filed by the brother of an accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15363393", "title": "Non-Cong, non-BJP PM backed by either parties feasible: Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Nitish Kumar opposed Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's candidature for Prime Ministership, BJP leader L K Advani today surprised his party by saying that a non-Congress, non-BJP Prime Minister is possible after the 2014 elections.\"A non-Congress, non-BJP Prime Minister heading a government supported by one of these two principal parties is, however, feasible. This has happened in the past also,\" he said in his latest blog posting.However, he cautioned that such a dispensation may not last long.Advani's remarks assume significance in the context of Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's reservations over BJP projecting Modi as the Prime Ministerial candidate in the next general elections.Of late, there has been speculation that Advani and Modi do not share the same relationship they used to have years ago. Advani had in an earlier blog also written about not-so- rosy a picture about the state of affairs in BJP.Advani cited the examples of Charan Singh, Chandrashekhar, H D Deve Gowda and I K Gujral - all supported by Congress - as well as V P Singh (supported by BJP) who held the post of the Prime Minister.But, he warned that such governments have never lasted long.\"There has been stability at the Centre only when the government has had either a Congress or a BJP Prime Minister,\" the BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15364530", "title": "Javan rhinoceros facing dire extinction threat: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: American researchers have confirmed that a species of Javan rhinoceros found in Vietnam are on the verge of extinction, with only 29 of them remaining.\"We still have a chance to save the species but before we do anything, we have to determine the profile of the remaining group,\" study leader Peter de Groot said.Researchers from the Queens and Cornell Universities used genetic tools to determine that only Javan rhino was living in Vietnam in 2009, who was later found dead a year later.The study confirmed the demise of the Javan rhinoceros population living in Vietnam by analysing animal dung collected with the assistance of special dung detection dogs.The researchers are now working to save a group of 29 Javan rhinoceroses currently living in a tiny area called Ujon Kolong in Indonesia.They will use the rhinoceros feces to determine the age, sex and pedigree of this group. This study will provide a direction to try to save the remaining population of one of the most threatened large mammal species in the world.The research was published in Biological Conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357822", "title": "Flood-hit need urgent relief, says Tawde", "text": "NAGPUR: The state has done little to provide relief to some 6000 families left without shelter in flood-affected 232 villages of Yavatmal district, leader of the opposition in state legislature, Vinod Tawde said after a visit to the affected areas on Saturday.\"If the government fails to extend relief and compensation by Pola (middle of this month), the BJP will resort to an agitation,\" said Tawde. He said 25,000 people were affected by the floods. \"In some parts of the state, it is drought-like situation that has affected farmers severely because of scanty rains. But in Yavatmal district, its extreme rains and floods that have added to misery of already distressed cotton growers,\" said the BJP leader.Accusing the Congress-led government in the state and the centre of being insensitive to farmers' cause, Tawde said since 2006 there has hardly been any implementation of the relief measures announces for distressed farmers in Vidarbha. \"So, we have decided to form a two-member panel comprising Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir and MLC from Amravati-Akola, Ranjit Patil. This observation committee will examine all the relief schemes and evaluate the actual benefits that the farmers received in the region,\" said the opposition leader.He also demanded a debate on the proposed white paper (on irrigation projects that the CM has promised) during winter session of the state legislature in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15362616", "title": "Manoj's family dares Stalker to have bout any part of the world", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hours after Manoj Kumar bowed out of the Olympic Games in controversial manner after he went down to Britain's George Stalker in men's light welter weight (64) kg, his family dared the winner to have a bout in any part of the world.In fact, our worst fears of biased umpiring favoring lad from the host country have finally come true. We are not saying this out of emotions, but after viewing the videos of Manoj's controversial bout again and again.'' Rajesh Kumar, Manoj's elder brother told The Times of India over phone.Rajesh, an international boxer turned boxing coach minced no words in blaming faulty system which resulted into his brother's defeat.This is what happened with Sumit Sangwan and Krishan. If they (Olympic referees) can review their decision after five hours, Manoj and Sumit's case deserves to be reviewed, he added.Rajesh had expressed this apprehension after Manoj had moved into the second round.26-year Manoj, who hails from Rajaund sub urban township of district Kaithal had lost to Britain's George Stalker in the pre quarterfinals on Saturday night.Manoj Kumar fought well but lady luck failed to smile on him resulting into his defeat as the British boxer managed a 20-16 victory to move into the quarter finals.While Manoj was preparing for stepping into the rings, back home, his family members and neighbors were performing Havan Yajna and various pujans to ensure his victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15365237", "title": "33.52 lakh names included in photo electoral rolls", "text": "BHOPAL: Names of 33 lakh 52 thousand new voters have been included in photo electoral rolls in Madhya Pradesh since January 5, 2012. The process of including names of eligible voters is still underway. Chief Electoral Officer Jaideep Govind has directed collectors of concerning districts to distribute photo voters' identity cards by August 15 to the voters whose names have been included in photo electoral rolls. As per the directives of the Election Commission of India, a door-to-door survey was also conducted for including names of voters in the state. Form-6 of 28 lakh 50 thousand voters were received from inclusion of names during this period. Names of one lakh 60 thousand new voters have been included in photo electoral rolls in Indore, one lakh 25 thousand in Chhindwara, one lakh 46 thousand in Dhar, 87 thousand in Bhopal, 72 thousand in Jabalpur and 89 thousand in Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358266", "title": "BJP's Chintan Baithak begins in Agra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party's 200-odd state leaders led by senior national leaders will go into huddle for two days at Agra's Agrasen Bhawan with a purpose to realise the dreams penned by former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in a poem -...'Andhera chhatega, Suraj niklega, Kamal khilega...' These lines have found space on the banner put up on background of the dais reflecting the hope, the party has been nurturing in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls after the success in the recently concluded mayoral elections.The meet would discuss the strategy as how should the party move towards achieving the goal of increasing the tally of 8 MPs from the party to a respectable number.The two-day Chintan Baithak as the party leaders prefer to call it will be inaugurated by senior national BJP leader and Varanasi MP Dr Murli Manohar Joshi. This will be followed by an address by state BJP president Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi, party spokesman Vijay Pathak said. tnnThe meeting will be attended by former national president Rajnath Singh , Uma Bharti , Kalraj Misra, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Karuna Shukla , Ramlal, Narendra Tomar etc. The meeting will also be attended by former office bearers including former president Surya Pratap Shahi, Ramapati Ram Tripathi, and Omprakash Singh.The two-day deliberations will have discussion on holding organisational poll, membership drive and party's position in view of the Samajwadi Party government pro-Muslim stance, Pathak said and added that 200 leaders are expected to take part in the two-day meet, which will have open discussion on these and other suggestions which may come up during the deliberation.The two-day Chintan Baithak will conclude with a speech of party's national president Nitin Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15362504", "title": "Con man targets pedestrians waiting at bus stop or to take cab", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police had been coming across unusual complaints about a gang operating in Powai and Sakinaka locality that hunts for people and threatens them on the road, on pretext of apologising to a girl and forcibly takes away with the valuables from the victim.Last week, the Powai police registered a complaint against the unidentified accused who reportedly approached an MNC executive who was waiting for a cab on Saki Vihar Road. Police said that the accused threatened him and made away with his gold chain and bracelets.Police said that the incident occurred on July 26 when the victim Sudip Parve was waiting for a cab near L&T; on Saki Vihar road that he was approached by two conmen in their thirties. In his complaint, Parve said, \"The two unidentified men hurled abuses claiming that I had misbehaved with their sister just now. They said you just see the fun now. Then forced me to follow them to apologise their sister right now. I was frightened when they held my hand and took to a mosque at Tunga village on Saki Vihar road and robbed the valuables.\"Powai police have registered a case under IPC sections for 34 (common intention), 368 (wrongful confinement) and 420 (cheating). Based on the description provided by Parve the police had prepared the sketches of the two conmen. Police identified one of the accused sketches and learnt that the two are criminals on records identified as Kiran Saha (32). Saha is Ghatkopar based criminal who has been absconding ever since. The police have launched a search for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15352919", "title": "5 little-known things about your gadgets", "text": "Your gadgets may have many hidden features not mentioned in the manual. Here are some little-known facts about how you can put them to multiple use and extract some more value...Convert your smartphone or tablet into a media player The traditional way of enjoying your movies on your TV is by using a DVD/Blu-Ray player, home theatre system or by plugging in a USB drive. However, if you don't have any of these options, you could use a compatible phone or tablet as a TV-connected media player.What you need A decently powerful smartphone or tablet capable of HD video playback and HDMI output. You will need to get the appropriate cable to connect your device to your TV; Apple HDMI adapter in case of iPad, iPod Touch or iPhone, and micro HDMI to HDMI or mini HDMI to HDMI in case of many other smartphones and tablets.Playback with wires Tablets and smartphones connected to a TV via HDMI usually output in full HD resolution along with audio. Install a third party media player that is capable of working with different video formats \u2014 MXplayer on Android and PlayerXtreme on iOS. Now, simply play the media file and view it on the connected television.Playback without wires If you have one of the newer internet-connected smart TVs, chances are that it is DLNA compatible. DLNA (Digital Living Network Alliance) is a standard that allows interoperability between different multimedia devices.You can use a free app to stream content using DLNA technology \u2014 just make sure that the TV and your smartphone /tablet are connected to the same network. There are various free apps available on Android (PlayTo and Skifta are some good options), iOS (Media: Connect, SmartStor Fusion) and BlackBerry (EnefceDMS) that will let you stream video to your TV.Use your PC as a media server for your home One of the most useful ways to repurpose an old desktop is to turn it into a media server or network backup for all the computer users in your home. The advantages are that you'll have a central store for all the data that you don't want cluttering up your hard drive, you can share data with family members and take a regular backup as well.What you need Any old desktop in working condition with a decent specification \u2014 even a Pentium or old dual core with 1GB RAM will do. A desktop is preferred because you will need to add in more hard drive space. Add in at least a 2 Terabyte hard drive to begin with ( 8,000) and a USB Wi-Fi dongle ( 800) in case you want to keep it out of sight. You also need some free &amp; open source software for the PC called Nas4Free. Get it from http:// wiki.nas4free.org.How to The exact steps are too long to mention here, but the Nas4Free webpage provides comprehensive how-to info. They also have an active user community at http://forums.nas4free.org.Use a digital camera for surveillance or as a webcam A few digital cameras have webcam function built in \u2014 usually found in connectivity settings. To use the camera like a webcam, connect it to the computer using the supplied USB cable and turn on the webcam function. Once done, the camera functions like any other webcam, which can be used for video calls over Skype (or others). You could also use software called ExtraWeb-Cam ($10 from www.extrawebcam.com) which lets you use many different Canon digital cameras as a webcam. Any regular webcam can also be set up for remote surveillance.Head to www.yawcam .com and download the free software. Yawcam lets you use a connected camera for live video streaming, to take snapshots at pre-defined intervals or use motion detection to automatically upload the photographs to a server. For added security, the software can even be password protected and hidden from view so that no one tampers with the recording/live stream.Use any web browser on any computer to manage your Android phone With a free app called AirDroid, you can manage your phone on any computer through a web browser \u2014 as long as both the phone and the computer are connected to the same Wi-Fi network.Launch the app, open the web browser on your computer and put http://web.airdroid.com in the address bar. Enter the password displayed on your phone and you're connected. The browser window will instantly show up various details about your phone; contacts, apps, storage and multimedia files.You can also use the browser to send/receive text messages , transfer files from the phone, search for and install/uninstall apps, change ringtones or take a screenshot of your phone's current display.Use your iOS or Android device as a car diagnostic tool Every passenger car manufactured after 1996 has an OBD (On Board Diagnostics) port located somewhere under the dashboard . Car workshops usually have expensive equipment that connects to the car's computers via this port, to gather information about the cars behaviour.However, you can convert your Android or iOS device into the perfect in-car diagnostic tool with a Kiwi tool from PLX Devices ($99 onwards + shipping costs from www.plxdevices.com) and a compatible app like Dash Command.How it works The hardware from PLX Devices (Bluetooth version for Android, Wi-Fi version for iOS) provides a wireless connection from your car's OBD port to your phone. The app then decodes the data to display information like mileage, corrected speed and rpm, engine load, performance data and faults if any. The amount of information on offer varies according to the car, but it's still a great tool for any car enthusiast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357816", "title": "Monster parents case: They trampled on his chest, pried out teeth: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The case of 'monster parents' who tortured their minor child for two years in the most brutal manner managed to shock even the trial court which often deals with the most gruesome crimes.Expressing shock over the case, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat sent the couple to 10 years in jail on Saturday and said that Indian society was \"unaware\" of cases of baby battering. \"Till now, though the offence involving sexual abuse of minor girls has been reported from all over India, baby battering was unknown in the Indian society. However, of late, baby battering incidents have also raised their ugly heads in the country,\" reads the sentence.Urging courts to take a stern action against such offences, the court said that any physical attack on a child aimed at taking its life should not be taken lightly. The court drew parallels with the west which has strict norms while dealing with child-related offences.\"In western countries, such offences against children by their parents are taken seriously and harsh sentences are awarded to the perpetrators of these crimes. Time has come for us in India to view these crimes seriously and inflict severe punishment upon the culprits,\" it said.Detailing the atrocities of the couple on the child, the court said, \"He was beaten and battered brutally resulting in 11 fractures all over his body, including ribs. His teeth were broken by inserting stick into his mouth and they also trampled over his chest. He was kept locked in a room without food and left to starve. His eyes were blackened and he had bruises all over his face.\"While parents are considered to be the protectors of their children, the court said, the same parents became tormentors for the child in this case. \"One can very well imagine the plight of the defenceless minor child when he was going through all these atrocities... His growth and development has been severely inhibited and such acts would have left a permanent scar on his personality,\" the court added.'Happy his torturers are being punished'NEW DELHI: He loves ice cream, surfing the Net, watching TV and meeting people, yet Shaurya is not like other teenagers. The 13-year-old is still battling the ghosts of a violent childhood.Shaurya was three when he was admitted to hospital for insecticide poisoning, in 2002. Then, such brushes with death started happening with a frightening regularity. Sometimes, it was a case of broken ribs, at others a head injury. The perpetrators were his own father and stepmother.In 2005, Shaurya was placed in the custody of his maternal grandparents on a Delhi high court order, and life has been kinder ever since. However, the damage has been hard to reverse. Now in the sixth grade, Shaurya suffers from delayed speech and has been undergoing therapy. His grandmother Savitri Verma says this is a result of psychomotor retardation from head injuries. \"He has a high IQ and loves talking to people, but is not able to convey his thoughts properly\".Shaurya's strong mind has helped him overcome the trauma to some extent. \"In most such cases, the child becomes reclusive, but Shaurya has never hid his fears. He is happy that the people who tortured him are now being punished,\" says Verma, adding he's also more sorted now. \"When he came to us, he would eat so much and would not know when to stop. He was starved so much that he forgot his own eating capacity,\" says Verma.Shaurya is also developing his motor skills with physiotherapy. He can ride a bicycle with support. His family is eager to speed him on towards a normal life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358802", "title": "Dalit assaulted in Karnal village, hospitalized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an incident of suspected caste conflict, a 32-year-old man belonging to the Balmiki community, was hospitalized following an armed attack by a group of men from Rod community, in Kutel village of Karnal district on Wednesday.With deep stab wounds, especially on left hand, which also suffered fractures due to attack with sharp-edged weapons, victim Ramphal is undergoing treatment at trauma centre of Karnal district.Police termed the assault as an outcome of clash between two groups over a street fight between children. Balmiki leaders as well as the complainant, however, alleged caste conflict in the village, which is largely dominated by Rods, an upper class community of landlords.\"On Wednesday afternoon, Vikas, a student of class X, was allegedly assaulted by youths of Rod community. Ramphal approached the local police over the incident and Vikas was medically examined. In the evening, Soni, Dinesh, Jhely, Pawan and Rajbir (all belonging to Rod community and were allegedly involved the brawl) spotted Ramphal and attacked him with swords and iron rods,\" said Rajesh, on whose complaint police have booked the youths in a case of assault registered against them at Madhuban police station.\"From head to toe, especially hands, there is hardly any place where Ramphal did not have stab wounds or injuries, caused by a blunt weapon,\" said Rajesh, who is attending Ramphal in Karnal's trauma centre.Rajesh minced no words in terming it as caste conflict which resulted in the incident. \"They (upper caste) had been opposing our children from going to school. After this incident, our children are not going to school even,'' he said.Anil Tank, Haryana state president of All India Balmiki Samaj, also endorsed details given by Rajesh. \"This is a long tussle residents of Kutel village are having against Balmiki samaj. We will have a panchayat on Sunday. We have also sought an appointment with Karnal SP Shashank Anand,'' said Anil.Though Karnal SP could not be contacated as he is on leave till Monday, Joginder Singh Rathi, DSP, Gharaunda and supervising officer, confirmed registration of a case. \"We are verifying facts of the case and contents of FIR. We are also waiting for medical report from trauma centre to proceed further in the case. So far as sections related to SC/ST Act are concerned, investigations are in progress and appropriate action will follow,'' Rathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361202", "title": "Anubhav Mohanty prefers best gifts for family", "text": "Gold jewelleries are always in demand, regardless of how high the prices are. Keeping that in mind, Lalchand Jewellers, Bhubaneswar, is back again with their Jingle Jangle Bangle Festival.The festival, which will continue till the third week of August, will showcase over 2000 designs. They have been handpicked from all over the country and include some traditional designs from South India and West Bengal as well.For those with a eye for classy gold jewellery, discounts on select designs and a scheme called \"Kaun Banega Lakhapati\" will make them happy.According to Sanjoy Hans, chairman of Lalchand Jewellers, \"There is a huge demand of bangles in Odisha. So, this year's bangle festival has designs from all over the country, along with some interesting schemes. I hope our customers will like the collection.\"Odia actor Anubhav Mohanty, who is also the brand-ambassador the jewellery major, says, \"I always buy jewelleries for my mother from Lalchand Jewellers. When it comes to buying gifts for my loved ones, I never settle for anything but the best.\"So, Bhubaneswar, get ready to loosen your purse strings. It's time to get the Midas touch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357196", "title": "HC to hear appeal on scrap market removal on Aug\u00fast 22", "text": "NASHIK: The appeal filed by former corporator Dilip Datir over the eviction of the scrap market along Satpur-Ambad Link Road will be heard on August 22.Datir had appealed to the high court after the scrap dealers failed to comply with Supreme Court (SC) orders that they remove their encroachments by July 9. \"The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the police are into a blame game on the issue. The SC was clear in its orders that if the scrap dealers failed to obey, the Bombay HC should take action. I filed the appeal asking the HC to give eviction orders or to take action for contempt of court,\" said Datir. But the civic administration said that the SC orders have not mentioned the NMC's role in the eviction process. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare had said that the NMC is seeking legal advice because the scrap dealers may object to the demolition saying that the court had not directed the NMC to do so. Datir said that it is understood that the NMC should be demolishing the structures if the owners fail to do so.Abdurrehman Khan, secretary, Satpur-Ambad Scrap Market Association said that they would not defy court orders adding that some dealers had begun taking down their structures. He also said that a demand will be made for legalizing the structures or for providing relocation.\"Around 4-5 people have already started removing the structures. It is getting delayed due to Ramzan. We will demolish these structures but will ask for permission to legalize it,\" said Khan. Commenting on health hazards the shops present, Khan said 95% of the dealers do not have hazardous material. He added that if anyone proved otherwise, they would stop their activity.He accused the NMC of not providing infrastructure. \"If facilities were provided, this place would have developed too. There are commercial units, including scrap dealers, in residential places in other parts of the city,\" he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356706", "title": "Theft bid at builder's home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Satellite-based builder filed a complaint for theft attempt at his bungalow by a group of thieves early on Saturday morning. Police investigators suspect involvement of tribal gang in the incident.According to Satellite police officials, Rakesh Verma, a resident of Satyagrah Chhavni, is involved in construction business. Verma had invited some of his friends at home on Friday night. The friends left by 2.30 am on Saturday after which he went to sleep on first floor of his bungalow with his other family members.\"As per his complaint, he woke up at 4.30 am to get some water. He came on the ground floor and was approaching kitchen when he spotted some movement in the kitchen. When he shouted for help, the men made a dash towards an adjoining bedroom. Verma chased them; however, the thieves quickly scaled the boundary wall and fled from the spot. The intruders had lifted grill of the bedroom window to enter the house,\" said a Satellite police official.Investigators said that on the basis of the description provided by Verma and modus operandi employed by the thieves, they believe it to be a handiwork of a tribal gang from areas on Gujarat-Madhya Pradesh border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15364949", "title": "CORE Education bags Rs 22 crore school contract in Bihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Education company CORE Education and Technologies has bagged a contract worth Rs 22 crore to provide computer-aided learning solutions in 168 schools across eight districts in Bihar.\"CORE Education &amp; Technologies and Bihar State Government has signed a Letter of Intent to provide computer aided learning solutions in 168 schools across eight district in Bihar,\" the company has said in a filing to Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).Nalanda, Jamul, Nawada, Lakhisarai, Sheikhpura, Khagarai, Saharsa and Begusarai are districs in Bihar where the company will provide computer aided learning solutions under the contract.Speaking on the occasion Chairman &amp; Global CEO, CORE Education &amp; Technologies Sanjeev Mansotra said: \"This prestigious project reiterates CORE Education being the partner of choice for Governments not just in US and UK but also across the developing nations\".CORE works with more than 34 million students worldwide and has trained 105,000 teachers and partnered 88,000 schools across the world, the company said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "15357356", "title": "Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader shot at, Mulund train explosion accused held", "text": "BHIWANDI: The police on Saturday arrested 2003 Mulund train blast accused Saquib Nachan in connection with Friday night's shooting at Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader and advocate Manoj Raicha (48).Nachan, who is currently out on bail in the blast case, was produced before a local court which remanded him in police custody till August 14.Nachan was also arrested in 2002 for the murder of VHP leader Lalit Jain in Bhiwandi. He was acquitted in the case in 2006 for want of evidence.In his complaint, Raicha said he was on his way home in Par Naka in his car on Friday night when a man coming from the opposite direction fired three rounds at him. While Raicha managed to dodge two bullets as he was seated in his car, which was moving at a high speed, one grazed him on his right arm.Raicha's police bodyguard Sudin Achrekar tried to chase the accused but to no avail. In 2011, Nachan allegedly threatened to eliminate Raicha. The advocate, who is fighting against illegal slaughter houses in the Konkan region, informed the Thane police about Nachan's threat and was provided with round-the-clock police cover.As the news of firing at Raicha spread , members of the VHP and the BJP gathered outside the Nijampura police station, demanding Nachan's arrest. The agitators threatened to call a bandh if Nachan was not arrested by Monday. As the situation grew tense, senior Thane police officers, including joint commissioner B K Singh, rushed to Nijampura and promised the agitators that the accused will be brought to book soon. On the basis of Raicha's complaint, the police booked Nachan for attempt to murder and under the Arms Act.\"Our team is questioning Nachan and further action will be taken on basis of his interrogation,\" said DCP (Thane) M K Bhosale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362496", "title": "Happy birthday, Genelia Deshmukh!", "text": "For most Kollywood fans, Genelia is a pin-up girl that will always remain on their walls. The actress, who wooed many of them with her debut in the Kollywood film Boys, celebrated her birthday today, August 5, the first one after her marriage .Genelia, who was last seen in Velayudham , where she was paired opposite Vijay, has not signed a Kollywood film since then. It has been over a year and many of the actress's Tamil fans were seen not just wishing her but also asking her if she will ever return to Kollywood screens.While Genelia may have not taken a decision yet on that regard, one thing is for sure, the actress's wide repertoire of movies remain as a testimony of her talent. Little wonder that she still figures as a strong contender when it comes to the most liked Tamil heroine, despite being away from the screens. Here's wishing the actress a wonderful year and hoping that she returns to Kollywood soon with a biggie in her hands!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356870", "title": "Homemaker tonsured in Midnapore", "text": "KOLKATA: A homemaker was tonsured on Wednesday evening after villagers suspected her of having an extra-marital affair with a man of the same village.Villagers allegedly tonsured a house wife's hair blaming her for extra marital relationship with a person of the same village at Syameshyarpur in west Midnapore on Wednesday evening.The 35-year-old woman, a resident of Syameshyarpur in West Midnapore, alleged that some villagers forcibly dragged her out of the house, tortured her and later shaved off her head. Her neighbour includingRita Debnath was also among the assailants. , one of the neighbour of victim dragged her out, assaulted her and tonsured her hair.The victim, who is a Group-D employee of Iradihi primary health centre, lodged a complaint with Kharagpur police on Thursday. A complaint of molestation, intimidation and assault was has beenregistered. Police said the accused have gone into hiding. Police said that they have received the complaint but the accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357482", "title": "1.5kg smallest baby ticks on with 11g pacemaker", "text": "MUMBAI: Ayush Arora is hailed as a champion on the eighth-floor ICU of an Andheri hospital. Born two months prematurely and weighing barely 1.5 kg, Ayush, then only two days old, had a pacemaker fitted to his heart that was functioning at a third of its capacity. Today, at 47 days, he is inching towards the 2-kg mark that should serve as the green signal to move him out of the neonatal ICU.\"He is certainly the smallest premature child in the city to have got a pacemaker. He is likely to be the smallest in the country too,\" said paediatric cardiac surgeons Suresh Rao and Smrutiranjan Mohanty of Kokilaben Ambani Hospital.\"His heart was literally the size of a strawberry. It was a task deciding how to fix the lead wires and where to fit the generator,\" said Mohanty. An X-ray taken after the surgery shows the 11-gram device covering up a sizeable portion of Ayush's tiny abdomen.In February 2012, a baby born to an Indian couple in the 31st week of pregnancy and weighing 1.58 kg got a pacemaker implanted right after birth at Lucile Packard Children's Hospital in Stanford University , San Francisco.Mumbai, too, has had previous cases in which a 3-kg baby, born after 38 weeks of pregnancy, was fitted with a pacemaker within 15 hours of birth. \"Ayush is so premature that he is still not a 38-week full-term baby,\" pointed out Mohanty.Cardiologist Yash Lokhandwala from Holy Family Hospital, Bandra, concurs that Ayush is among the smallest to get a pacemaker: \"In our country, it is still difficult for premature babies to survive with a complete heart block.\"Ayush's problem \u2014 a complete heart block \u2014 came to light during his mother's 26th week of pregnancy. Ayush is a 'precious baby', considering that he was born after IVF treatment over 20 years after his parents' marriage. His 43-year-old father, Jodhpur-based chartered accountant Chandravijay Arora, said: \"We faced some of the most critical moments of our lives in the last few months.\" Just when the couple was savouring the twin pregnancy, Arora's wife Sheetal was diagnosed with an auto-immune disease in April. Medical textbooks say that in such cases, the mother's immune system mistakenly attacks the nerve fibres that control the foetus's heart beats.The problem with the twins was thus discovered, and two weeks later, one of them passed away.\"My wife was taken to Kokilaben Ambani Hospital on June 20 from the Malad hospital where she had been admitted. Ayush was delivered through Caesarean section the same day,\" added Arora. The infant's cries and heartbeats \u2014 barely 40 per minute as against the normal 120 per minute \u2014 were so faint that he was put on ventilator.When he was two days old, the cardiac team of Rao and Mohanty fitted a temporary pacemaker. On the tenth day of his life, Ayush got his permanent pacemaker whose battery may last till he is five years old. The operation along with the pacemaker cost Rs 2 lakh.Rao said: \"Ayush's operation is an important landmark when one considers that in India people still wrongly believe that children shouldn't get a pacemaker till they are 10 kg in weight. This operation proves that paediatric cardiac care in India is getting better.\"Treatment of heart block in India has hitherto been conservative. Cardiologist Bharat Dalvi, who is attached to Seven Hills Hospital in Andheri, said: \"The usual practice is not to operate on a child till he or she is six or seven years old and has no visible symptoms of a heart block.\" He added that there are concerns with pacemakers in infants because of early battery depletion, and protrusion of the device from its perch.Ayush's parents are waiting to take him home to Jodhpur. \"We got timely help at every level in Mumbai, but we want to get home with him soon,\" said new dad Chandravijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359289", "title": "Master Kishan to do MA at 16", "text": "BANGALORE: One of the youngest directors in the country, Master Kishan will now enroll for a MA in multimedia and animation at the age of 16.Kishan, who shot to fame when he directed 'Care of Footpath', a story about an orphaned boy who wants to go to school, has also acted in 24 films and many TV serials. Kishan passed SSLC last year. He will pursue his MA at Karnataka State Open University, Mysore.However, he had to face many blocks as he did not meet the eligibility criteria to enroll in an MA course. He was finally permitted, following a recommendation by KSOU vice-chancellor KS Rangappa to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357951", "title": "23 cr people hungry, 6 cr kids malnourished with 7% dying before age of 5", "text": "Member nations of the United Nations came together in September 2000 and set up the Millenium Development Goal (MDG). The target year to achieve it was 2015.There were eight specific goals: Eradication of poverty and hunger, spreading primary education in all countries, promotion of gender equality, reduction of child mortality and improving maternal health, fighting diseases like HIV/AIDS and malaria among others, environmental sustainability and pursuing global ties for local development. With specific quantified targets being set for all the components, the goals are meant to improve the quality of life globally.Subsequently, several NGOs formed an action group called Wada Na Todo Abhiyaan to draw attention to the slow pace at which these targets were being met with. 7-7-7 being midway between the two dates, was selected by them to publish a detailed report showing the dismal situation across the country with respect to all the developmental activities.The 11th Five Year Plan was then being hailed as the answer to all these shortcomings. Now that it is the time for 12th Five Year Plan to take effect, they decided to take a look at the state of affairs so far and what needs to be done in the next three years.Having come out with their conclusions about the progress of the various MDGs in the state, the activists of the Wada Na Todo Maha Abhiyaan, the state leg of the action group, have met the guardian ministers of 14 districts of the state to appraise them of the situation.In the last week of March this year, the United Nations declared that one of the millennium development goals regarding provision of safe water had been met ahead of time. Data released by the State Public Health Laboratory (SPHL) a couple of days later revealed high level of contamination in drinking water in most cities of Maharashtra.Our leaders have long been singing about food sufficiency in the country. However, according to International Food Policy Research Institute's 2011 Global Hunger Index, the country ranks a lowly 67 out of 81 countries. There are more than 23 crore people in the country go to bed hungry, 6 crore children in the country are malnourished and 7% among them pass away before the age of five.These two shocking revelations are only among the few that underline that India is still far away from achieving any of the MDGs. The situation is no other for most other goals, especially if one peeps into the life of a rural Indian.The MDGs were designed with a rigorous thought process that aimed at improving the standard of living under three major heads - livelihood, education and health. Several of the goals are also designated as rights by most nations of the world. Yet, the sheer number of people deprived of them is a matter of concern.Looking at the recent scenario and statistics along with some incidents from the recent past, TOI tries to analyse the road ahead for the achievement of the MDGs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357341", "title": "BJP seeks governors' nod for probe against two NCP ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation of BJP leaders on Saturday met governor K Sankaranarayanan to seek his consent to press criminal charges against senior NCP ministers leaders-water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal .A day after meeting chief minister Prithviraj Chavan with a similar demand, the BJP delegation also sought protection from alleged threats from NCP's \"goons\". Without the governor's consent, none of the independent agencies can proceed with a probe against a minister of cabinet rank in case of graft allegations or complaints. \"Not only will the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) require the governor's consent for its probe, we also need it to register a private criminal complaint against the two,\" said BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya .According to members of the delegation, the governor and the CM have assured to look into complaints. and get the documental evidence verified by an independent agency.The BJP, on its part, has already approached the ACB, the Mumbai police and the economic offences wing (EOW) with complaints against Tatkare and Bhujbal. The governor's consent is necessary in this backdrop.The delegation also leveled fresh charges of violation of Foreign Exchange Regulation Act and Foreign Exchange Management Act against an energy firm connected to Bhujbal.\"The firm, Armstrong Energy, routed illegal money via benami firms in Indonesia ,\" said Somaiya.In its earlier complaints and allegations, which have been vehemently denied by Tatkare and Bhujbal, the BJP had submitted to the Mumbai police 2,600 pages which reportedly support graft allegations against the duo.The pages, which the BJP claims contain details of bank accounts, balance sheets as well as intra-company transactions used to route black money through a web of companies, were handed over to the economic offences wing of the Mumbai police. The party claims the pages detail how benami firms were created, the ministers allegedly abused their positions, made abnormal donations to their trusts, money was laundered, taxes evaded and funds transferred through Hawala.Tatkare's role has come under the scanner for the reported inflated cost of dam projects handled by the irrigation department. The state water resources department also came under scrutiny after TOI's recent expose on highly-inflated costs of irrigation projects.Bhujbal has been facing heat over allegations that he and his family members had benefited from contracting work at Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. He had threatened to take his detractors to court if they continued to attack him without any documentary evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15366982", "title": "Music makes life better, say students", "text": "MUMBAI: Intune 2012, the inter-college music festival organised by students of St. Andrew's College was a resounding success.Held in the first week of August, Intune 2012 saw exceptional performances from 9 major Mumbai colleges including St. Xavier's, Sophia, Mithibai, St. Francis , St. Xavier's Mahim, SIES, KC and the hosts, St. Andrew's. Started in 1997 by Dr. Kashmira Mody, Intune since then has remained dedicated to nurturing music talent among young collegians.This year, students were competing for prizes in Solo and Duet singing, Ensemble singing, Bands, Hindi Karaoke, Western Classical and Non-Classical Instrumentals. The Indian Music Prize was won by Ruel Sequeira of St. Francis College, Borivali while the Western Music Trophy was swept away by St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. Judges Vivian Pocha, Merlin D'Souza and Alessa Fernandes praised the contestants for their excellent performances, the organisers for their superb arrangements and the St. Andrew's Auditorium for its outstanding sound management.Over the last 14 years, this competition has featured Ravi Iyer and the band Vayu, Kim Cardoz, Annette Pinto, Suzanne D'Mello, Samantha Edwards (voice coach to Priyanka Chopra ), Ian Concessio, Isht Becktor and numerous musicians as judges and performers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359254", "title": "Economy, education will get a boost", "text": "BANGALORE: The special status for six backward districts of Hyderabad-Karnatak region by the Centre under Article 371D will focus on industries and the human development index, besides education and employment.The regional tag for the six districts of Gulbarga, Yadgir, Bidar, Bijapur, Koppal and Bellary after a long wait of 40 years, is expected to incorporate the Telangana, Marathwada, Saurashtra and Vidarbha models. These are already under Article 371, Union labour minister Mallikarjun M Kharge, hailing from Gulbarga, told STOI on Saturday.The pathetic state of these districts was mentioned by the DM Nanjundappa Committee, which went into the regional imbalances in North Karnataka region a decade ago. In his report, Nanjundappa had suggested removal of discrimination and amendment to Article 371. The report was prepared after an exhaustive and scientific study over a two-year period and submitted to chief minister SM Krishna.The report had identified 114 taluks and classified them as most backward, more backward and backward for determining their priorities. Of them, 59 taluks were in North and 55 in South Karnataka.In the Human Development Index report released in 2008 for Bijapur and Gulbarga, the highlight was that all taluks of Bijapur were backward in terms of income and human development. Gulbarga was at the bottom of the human development index ranking 26{+t}{+h} among the then 29 districts.There was celebration in the six districts on Saturday. Former CM N Dharam Singh's son Ajay Singh, who has been running an NGO for the uplift of people in Gulbarga said: \"When AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi visited Gulbarga during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, he had made a promise which has been fulfilled now.\"Filed by Naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358062", "title": "Medikit workers lodge police complaint against company", "text": "GURGAON: Alleging financial irregularities on a massive scale, the union leaders of the Udyog Vihar-based medical company, Eastern Medikit, have registered a complaint against the company with the Gurgaon police.The union members alleged that the company had not paid towards the loan repayment to Gramin Bank for over three months. The union president, Sanjay Malik, claimed that the workers' union had taken a loan from the bank and the repayment used to be done by the company from the workers' salaries. \"The company used to deduct Rs 4,000 from each worker's salary and then pay in a lump sum to the bank,\" said Malik. In the meantime, the bank has started asking for the repayment of the loan.\"We have learnt that for two months (April and May) the company deducted the money from the salaries of 2,000 workers but did not make any payment to the bank,\" said Malik. The workers are agitating against the company for shutting down operations and not paying salaries. \"The factory's power and water connection have been cut and no work is going on there. The machines are idle and no worker is allowed inside,\" said Malik.The company has deployed private security personnel at the factory. \"The union has submitted the complaint to the police and explained the matter. In addition to this we will again meet the deputy commissioner and seek action against the company as per labour laws,\" said Malik.The labour department has issued notices asking the reason behind the closure of the factory. The workers alleged that the factory has been shut to frustrate them. \"The factory management thinks that workers would quit and leave the company without complaining, which is not the case,\" said another worker.The union is also planning to take the management to court. \"The workers demand full compensation from the company. At present, the management has merely shut down operations without announcing a lockout,\" said Malik.The district administration is cagily looking at the developments in factory. After the workers' violent agitation at the Maruti plant in Manesar, the administration had issued notice to the management to get ready for reconciliation. \"Efforts are being made to resolve the dispute amicably at the earliest,\" said a labour department official. In past the labour department had filed 29 challans against the company in the court of the chief judicial magistrate, Gurgaon, under different Acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15358324", "title": "130 landmines found on 500m Jharkhand road", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A joint team of the CRPF and local police recovered 130 can bombs planted on a 500m stretch at Raka under Chowka police station area in Seraikela-Kharswan district on Saturday, preventing a Chintalnar-like incident in which 75 security personnel were killed by landmine blasts in April 2010.The forces, who have intensified search operations in the Maoist-hit area in the last few days following an encounter with them last week, found the bombs planted in a series on either side of the road that leads to the popular picnic spot Palna Dam.Acting on a tip-off, the security forces found the first bomb through a mobile landmine detecting device and had to seek the services of a sniffer dog squad to locate the other bombs, each weighing about 1kg. It took more than six hours to pull out the landmines from beneath the earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15364703", "title": "I'd rather be a drug addict: Russell Brand", "text": "LONDON: Russell Brand has admitted that he still struggles to control his craving for heroin.According to the Sun, the BBC3 documentary called 'Russell Brand: From Addiction to Recovery' has shocking footage of the 37-year-old comedian smoking heroin when he was in his 20.In a clip from his earlier years, he is seen preparing a wrap, leaning over the heated foil to smoke it before leaning back against the wall and staring dead-eyed at the camera.The documentary showed how Brand is watching the clip in the London Savoy Hotel with his friend Martino Sclavi.Brand is then seen telling Sclavi that he's \"a proper little junkie,\" before saying: \"This is when you know it's a disease. It doesn't matter that I was sat in that flat in Hackney and now I'm in the Savoy. I'm jealous of me then.\"It doesn't make a difference to me. The money, the fame, the power, the sex, the women - none of it. I'd rather be a drug addict,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying.The 'Rock of Ages' star has been clean for ten years and has always been open and candid about how hard he still finds it to keep away from drugs - especially since he is working in the entertainment industry.He's also been adamant that drug addiction is a disease and should be treated as such. He spoke passionately on the subject when Amy Winehouse died.He goes on to say in the documentary, \"The consequences of my actions affected so many people.\"Heroin is a greedy drug. First it'll take your money. Then it'll take your friends, your family, your car, your house. Then it's going to take bits of your body. In the end I used to be scoring with people that had eyes missing, limbs missing.\"You'll take it until it takes your life. It'll take everything until the last thing and you'll gladly give it that rather than give up drugs. When you are a drug addict, the idea of not taking drugs is inconceivable. This was the beginning of a life-long journey of doing things differently,\" he added.In the documentary he goes back to visit the Focus 12 Centre in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, where he spent 12 weeks getting clean in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15362738", "title": "Quarry workers on indefinite 'dharna andolan'", "text": "PUNE: The quarry workers in the district have initiated an indefinite 'dharna andolan' at the district collectorate, pressing for their demand of allotment of land for building their homes. The workers have demanded that a huge piece of land near Wagholi on Pune-Ahmednagar road should be allotted to them, which can be utilised for constructing homes. Most of the quarry workers are currently staying in some slums.B M Rege, chairman of 'Dagadkhan Asanghateet Kamgaar Vikaas Parishad 'said, \"The piece of land near Wagholi is a grazing land and it is hardly in use. The government should initiate some action and allot the piece to quarry workers. Some 30 acre area is reserved in 1986 for building houses for quarry workers, but since then no further action has been taken. The land is still lying unutilized.\"Rege also claimed that more than 15,000 families are dependent on quarries in the district. These families are working with various quarries for generations but have been denied of their basic rights. We have also submitted applications with the collector but there was no action initiated from his side. The association has continuously pressed for their demands with various authorities and even with the quarry operators but it was in vain. The government authorities have always responded positively, but never acted upon it'', he said.The agitation started from August 1 outside the district collectorate. Rege said that the quarry workers will continue to agitate till the demands are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358586", "title": "Custodial death triggers riot", "text": "LUCKNOW: A riot-like situation prevailed in Hamirpur after a frenzied mob took to the roads, indulging in heavy stone-pelting on police and public transport vehicles following the death of a local youth inside a police station late on Friday night. The situation was brought under control around noon after Hamirpur district magistrate (DM) B Chandrakala issued an ex-gratia relief of Rs 50,000 to the kin of the deceased, promised a government job to the victim's widow and a ordered a magisterial probe into the death.It all began around 3 am on Saturday when locals started to gather outside the local Muskara police station following reports that a middle-aged local, Baddal, had been murdered in police custody on the police station campus. Reportedly, Baddal and his neighbor Rashid Hussain were detained after they entered in a brawl following a dispute between their children. The two were detained at the police station and no formal FIR was lodged against him. Reports said it was around 2 am when the cops present in the police station woke up to cries of help and rushed to the clerk office only to find Baddal lying in a pool of blood and Rashid standing by with a iron pipe attached to a small electric water pump in his hand.Rashid had apparently hit Baddal on his head killing him on the spot. Police rushed Baddal to the district hospital but died before any medical help could be provided. Police then shifted his body to the morgue. As the news about the incident broke, family members of Baddal and Rashid along with their relatives and hundreds of locals started gathering outside the police station even before the day break.By early morning, a large number of Muskara locals were out on the roads venting their ire over what they described as \"cold-blood murder of Baddal by the police\". The locals were agitated primarily because the police had allegedly detained the duo three days ago and had neither let them off nor booked them in any offence. Locals further alleged that the police were demanding Rs 2,000 from each of them to let them off the hook. Since they were unable to meet the police demand, they were detained. Locals initially alleged that the two were in the lock-up when the incident took place.The mob fury left a number of police and public transport vehicle being damaged in stone-pelting.A section of the mob attacked the police station, damaging vehicles parked at the gates. When the DM and district police chief Waqar Ahmed reached the site and assured the mob of prompt action against the police and financial relief to the kin of the deceased and a magisterial probe into the entire incident, that the violence relented.The DM released an ex-gratia relief of Rs 50,000 to the kin of the deceased and promised a government job to the widow of the deceased, Baddal.SP Hamirpur ordered immediate suspension of the station officer Muskara senior sub-inspector (SSI) Jagdeo Prasad and said action will be taken against other cops on the basis of the findings of the magisterial probe.While Baddal was a small-time tailor, Rashid Hussain had mortgaged his 2.5 bigha land to buy a three-wheeler carrier for small and medium load. While Baddal is survived by five daughters, youngest being barely 3 years old, Rashid has eight children. Allegations are that their children had entered into a heated argument on Tuesday. When Baddal and Rashid came to know about it, they themselves entered into a brawl.After the locals informed the police, cops from the Muksara police station reached the site and brought the two to the police station where they were asked to pay Rs 2,000 each for their release, their family members alleged.It was later established the two were not in the lock-up when the incident took place but were kept inside the clerk's office of the police station. Late on Saturday evening, Baddal's burial took place under heavy police bandobast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15357125", "title": "Jayalalithaa sets rules for party posters", "text": "CHENNAI: Posters and banners of sycophantic AIADMK partymen may soon thin out from the state's skyline. Cracking the whip, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday issued a stern warning against printing pictures of anyone other than the late Dravidar Kazhagam leader E V R Periyar, DMK founder C N Annadurai, AIADMK founder M G Ramachandran and herself in posters. The diktat follows reports about partymen squabbling over some leaders getting prominence and some others being left out of posters and hoardings put up at government, party and even private functions.AIADMK sources said when a minister attends a meeting or a programme, only his or her picture is carried on posters and banners by supporters, leaving out other important party leaders, including the chief minister herself, which leads to clashes among party workers. \"Several such cases were brought to Amma's (Jayalalithaa) notice,\" a senior party functionary told TOI, not willing to be named. \"There has been never been any practice of using pictures of ministers, MLAs and MPs on posters and banners at government and party functions. There is no approval for this from the party,\" a party statement said.\"Putting up posters with pictures of ministers and MLAs is not unusual during party meetings. However, of late, party cadres are forgetting to use pictures of our great leaders such as MGR and Anna,\" an AIADMK leader said.\"The party order is a welcome decision,\" he said. Another senior party functionary said even at marriage functions, only posters of ministers and MLAs are put up. \"Only a small number of posters of other leaders could be seen,\" he lamented.The party release said in the past, following instructions from MGR, only his pictures and those of rationalist leader Periyar and former chief minister Annadurai were used in posters, banners and other publicity material. After Jayalalithaa took over as party general secretary, the same rules were being followed. \"But, when a (AIADMK) minister attends a programme, only his picture is prominently displayed by his supporters. Some other prominent leaders are left out, leading to misunderstandings and clashes among party workers,\" the release said.Reports said rival camps within the party even damaged each other's publicity materials. This set a \"bad precedent\" and damaged the party's reputation, said the release.\"There has been no practice of using pictures of ministers, MLAs and MPs attending government and party functions in posters and banners and there is no approval from the party for that,\" the release said, adding that henceforth, party workers should use only pictures of Periyar, Annadurai, MGR and Jayalalithaa. \"It is enough to print just the names of (other) participants,\" the release said, warning disciplinary action against violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357609", "title": "General seats still vacant in DU colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the rush during admissions, even many popular colleges like Ramjas and Kirori Mal in North Campus and the off-campus Gargi are left with vacancies in general category. The courses with vacant seats include BCom, BCom (honours) and BA (H) economics, history and English.\"I have written to the registrar seeking permission to fill the seats. If we are allowed, we will advertise in the papers and invite applications. There will be total transparency in the process,\" said Dr Rajendra Prasad, principal, Ramjas College, which has 14 seats in BCom (H), six in economics (H), five in BSc (H) statistics and three in BA (H) English. \"We should be concerned. We have admitted more students in the OBC and reserved categories, why let the general category seats go waste?\" Prasad asked.The problem is caused by last-minute withdrawals after the fifth list and counselling, said Dr S P Gupta, acting principal, Kirori Mal College. The college saw several withdrawals and now has vacancies in BCom (five seats) and BSc (H) chemistry (seven seats).Off campus, Gargi College, too, has vacant general category seats in history, philosophy and BCom. \"We were told to admit students in the reserved categories taking into account the actual number of students admitted in general category. So we are in any case reeling under too many students,\" said principal Dr Meera Ramachandran. \"Last time, there were no applicants in the OBC category. I don't think there is any new pool of admission-seekers.\"The three colleges had closed admission for general category in these courses for the fifth (also the last) list. Gargi had closed admission in history, philosophy and BCom and KMC in BCom and chemistry after the second list itself.Debraj Mookerjee, who teaches English at Ramjas, said this situation could've been avoided if there hadn't been a flurry of directives from DU even during admissions. \"We were first admitting as many reserved category students as the number of sanctioned seats. Then we got a directive saying we had to admit all applicants who made the cut. Then, reserved categories can't account for more than 50% seats in the class. There were so many letters and unclear directives. Everybody went conservative when it came to reducing the cut-off marks. There was no room to manoeuvre and cut-off marks remained unrealistically high,\" he said.\"All rules and guidelines must be firmly in place before you start. You can't be making rules after you've started playing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15367014", "title": "Indian Air Force on drive to induct MSU's PG science students", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) is joining hands with Indian Air Force (IAF) to conduct fast track selections for induction of postgraduate science students in the IAF on Tuesday.The selected candidates will be inducted into the meteorology branch of IAF and the training of these candidates would commence in January 2013.\"IAF, the fourth largest air force in the world, offers a great career opportunity to young aspirants. It provides options to the youth pursuing various streams and levels of education to join different branches in IAF through a variety of entry modes. With a view to reach out to the candidates on campus, IAF conducts campus selection drives called Fast Track Selection (FTS). FTS is aimed to shortlist candidates at designated campuses for further testing at one of the air force selection boards,\" officer on special duty (registrar) at MSU Amit Dholakia said on Sunday.\"An air force selection team will arrive at Faculty of Science on Tuesday. We will help them by extending the necessary administrative support,\" said Dholakia, adding that the university will encourage its students to participate in this selection process and carry out spot registration of students for these examinations. A written examination will be conducted by the IAF selection team, results of which will be declared on the same day. tnnAll written test qualified candidates will undergo Phase-I test (picture perception and discussion test). Phase-I qualified candidates will be issued call letters for subsequent testing at one of the air force selection boards at Dehradun, Mysore and Varanasi.\"Both male and female students between 20 and 25 years with post graduate degree in any science discipline will be able to take part in FTS,\" added Dholakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357648", "title": "2 held for forging caste certificates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cops claim to have busted a gang involved in making fake caste certificates after the arrest of two persons. They have been identified as Vijay (55) and Pradeep Kumar (50).\"On Friday, we received a tip off that Vijay would be coming near Rohini Courts. Constable Ajay Pal was deputed as decoy customer &amp; head constable Hari Chand as shadow witness. The deal was finalized at Rs 4,000 and Vijay told Pal to meet him in the evening at the same venue to collect the certificate. Vijay delivered the forged caste certificate allegedly issued from the office of deputy commissioner. Vijay was arrested.\"During interrogation, he told us that he is a tout and makes fake caste certificates. He was earlier working in the office of deputy commissioner, revenue at Tis Hazari Court. There he learnt about the format of caste certificates and managed to obtain one,\" said DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal.Vijay took the help of Pradeep, who runs a photocopy shop at Rohtak Road, Nangloi, to forge certificates.\"We are probing if these certificates were also used for college and university admissions this year and in previous years,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357352", "title": "'Mihan will decide how the country looks at Nagpur'", "text": "Busy fine tuning the operations of the newly opened Radisson Blu is Bhupinder Singh Gill, the general manager of the hotel. Equipped with the expertise of handling the pre-opening activities of hotels in Canada and Europe, the nattily dressed Gill appears equally comfortable on the home turf too. In an exclusive chat with TOI, he shares his views on Nagpur, the innovations and expansions happening in the hospitality industry and the more sustainable segments of hotel industry.Q. What is attracting international chains of hotels to Tier-2 cities?A. I don't think Nagpur is a Tier-2 city. That description fits cities like Hyderabad or even Baroda and Surat. Nagpur is still not there. Of course, future growth and the manner in which Mihan project comes up will decide how the rest of the country and corporate entities look at Nagpur. But yes , by virtue of it being the second capital of the state and also being among the larger cities of Maharashtra this is likely to happen over the next five years.Q. Does the presence of a big brand help a city grow?A. In hospitality or corporate sector, a big brand always gives thrust to the business environment. It puts a city on the international map as people across the world recognize and identify with it. This attracts further inflow and everybody benefits. There are many who are reluctant to visit smaller cities as they do not get the services that they require. It has been happening here. Even the growth of airport has been receding over the last couple of years. But presence of international names encourages business to come in. Standard international facilities give boost to conferences and corporate meets in a city. That is a fact.Q. What are the expectations of the people living in smaller cities from big international chains?A. The growth of service and hospitality industry in India is driven by the spending power of the middle class who is now willing to avail various services in the lifestyle or luxury segments. Nagpur too has a growing demand for good eateries offering specialized menu, health saloons and spas. I am seeing a trend of weekend getaways on the rise here where families check into hotels to chill and spend time swimming, enjoying a spa treatment or just socializing over meals. There is also a very robust demand for swanky venues to hold social events.Q. What are the criteria for setting up of a luxury, business or a budget hotel?A. A luxury hotel caters to people who are willing to spend any amount to live a dream. These properties are loaded with glamour and oomph. Business hotels require infrastructure and industry that gets guests to the premises. But the backbone of the hospitality business today are budget hotels the kind that abound in Nagpur. The luxury segment is almost decadent; it is the budget hotels that will grow. They are good value for money with a single day tariff being anywhere between Rs1200-1500.Q. Have you customized your services to meet the local requirements?A. Of course we are very pocket and taste sensitive. Mostly foods prepared in five-star hotels are very mildly flavoured, more in the continental genre. But here we have tried out what is served and enjoyed by the guests in other local eateries and have modified our cooking to match that. But, yes, we have the advantage of multiple restaurants on our property serving specialized menus. So this takes care of the popular as well as exclusive.Q. What's the ratio of floating population and local guests required to sustain business in the hospitality industry?A. The local guests can only sustain in terms of food and beverages and for social events like weddings and other family celebrations. This sometimes also creates bulk bookings of rooms. But we have a capacity of 214 rooms so we require a steady occupancy to break even. Ideally, the figure should be 20% local and 80% outstation guests. At the moment the figures are 60% local and 40% outside for us. We have the carrying capacity and hope to achieve the targets in months to come as the city grows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358772", "title": "Relief for Punjab farmers as water level goes up in dams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The water level in dams in the region has improved, following rainfall in Himachal Pradesh during the past fortnight and this is expected to increase the availability of water for irrigation in northern states.The water level in Bhakra and Pong reservoirs has gone up by about 20 feet each during last fortnight.Both Punjab and Haryana, mid-way into the paddy sowing season, have been demanding a higher share in water from Bhakra and Pong dams, as farmers are facing acute shortage of water for irrigation. Although, the Bhakra Beas Management Board had proposed further rationing of water, the partner states have refused to accept the new norms. A meeting is slated for August 6 which will decide on the new formula for water sharing.Both Bhakra and Pong dams have shown an improvement in its reservoir levels, following moderate to high rainfall in parts of Himachal Pradesh. More rains are expected in the state in the next 24 hours.Punjab and Haryana have a total of 30.88 lakh hectares and 29 lakh hectares of land respectively under irrigation system.The water level in Bhakra was 1,576.80 feet on Friday, up from 1,555.65 feet on July 21. Similarly, at Pong dam it has gone up from 1,288.76 feet on July 21 to 1,307.74 feet on Friday.However, the current water level in both reservoirs was below the levels in corresponding periods of last year. The maximum water level that can be stored in Bhakra is 1680 feet and Pong is 1,390 feet.The water inflow into Bhakra rose to 48,926 cusecs on Friday as against 34,408 cusecs on July 21. In Pong dam, water inflow jumped to 55,835 cusecs from just 8,269 cusecs on July 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15361912", "title": "Former MDLR Airlines staffer commits suicide; Delhi Police register case against Haryana minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old ex-director of MDLR airlines committed suicide at her northwest Delhi home late on Sunday night. The deceased has been identified as Geetika Sharma who lived in Ashok Vihar area.The police have recovered a suicide note from the spot in which the ex-MDLR employee has blamed Haryana minister of state, Gopal Kanda, for allegedly harassing her mentally.Senior officers and family members confirmed this and the Delhi Police have registered a case of abetment to suicide against Kanda under section 306 of IPC.Geetika quickly rose up to the post of director in the company before quitting the job last month.In her suicide note, Geetika had claimed that Kanda was mentally torturing her after she left the job in his company. She also wrote that he was pressurizing her to join his firm again.\"They have broken my trust. They have cheated me. Due to this, I am committing suicide,\" said the suicide note.Geetika's brother Gaurav alleged that Kanda often visited their home after her sister joined MDLR Airlines, which he owned, as an air hostess around one and a half years back.He further said, \"When the airline's operation was suspended, Kanda offered her another job. She refused that offer and joined Emirates in Dubai . Kanda then wrote a letter to Emirates claimimg that Geetika was a woman of bad character. This led to her termination from the airline. Kanda also told her that she will have to work only in his company and nowhere else.\"\"I have believed these people, but they are not trustworthy. She has said that whatever has happened with her, it shouldn't happen with anyone else. To save herself from these circumstances, she was taking this step,\" her brother said quoting the suicide note.\"After my sister quit the job, Kanda came home again and persuaded her to rejoin. When she did not agree, he offered her a job in another company owned by him called Supersonic in Gurgaon,\" Gaurav alleged.In the early hours of Sunday police received a call regarding the incident and rushed to the spot.\"She was found hanging from the ceiling. We rushed her to the hospital where she was declared brought dead. Her body was sent for post-mortem. We will be able to ascertain further details after the autopsy report arrives,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, senior cops, including DCP northwest P Karunakaran, reached the spot and began investigations.The cops are analyzing the call records of the deceased and have seized her mobile phone along with her personal diary.The suicide note is being examined too and the seizures will be examined by the forensic experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "15357248", "title": "4 cops suspended for abetting illegal sand mining", "text": "Kanyakumari: Even as the sand miners were facing heat from farmers and environmentalists leading to the Madurai bench of the Madras high court ordering closure of the sand mines in the Cauvery delta districts, the police department has suspended four personnel for abetting illegal sand mining in Kanyakumari district.On the orders of Tirunelveli range DIG V Varadaraju, four policemen attached to different stations were suspended and an inquiry was initiated against them. The suspended police personnel are Dharamaraj, a sub-inspector attached to the Pazhugal station, special sub-inspector John Rose from Arukani station, head constables Nagendran and Rajan from Thuckalay and Suseendram station.\"The four policemen were suspended based on a preliminary enquiry into complaints that they acted hand in glove with illegal sand miners in the district. They will be subjected to further inquiry and action,'' a police official said. However, the police have not arrested any illegal sand miners so far. \"But inquiries are on about the illegal sand mining. They will be booked for violations,'' added the official.Besides river beds, sand mining is carried out in an indiscriminate manner along coastal areas also in Kanyakumari. While the river sand is mined for construction purposes, beach sand is scooped illegally for the rich mineral wealth it possesses. A high level committee of the government on the national mineral policy reported that some rare minerals like garnet, ilmenite, monazite, zircon and rutile are available in the coastal sands in Kanyakumari, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts in the state.Former collector of the coastal district and a Kalpana Chawla award-winner, Jothi Nirmala, had clamped down on sand miners four years ago. However, illegal sand mining is still carried out discretely with alleged connivance of some government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356759", "title": "Armed picket in Malakpet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The East Zone police have posted armed pickets in the Malakpet Paltan area after two groups clashed over playing of music during a wedding ceremony on Friday night.A teenager who was critically injured in the clash , is being treated at Osmania General Hospital. The police said that they used baton to disperse the groups and took some trouble makers into custody.The Chaderghat police have registered cases and are trying to arrest the persons responsible for the trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356709", "title": "King needs friends too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The King of the Jungle does not usually associate easily with a lion from another pride. There is animosity between two sub-adults group, but in Dhari region two sub-adult lions have become the subject of interest among beat guards as they are generally joined at hip.The two do not only move together but also make a kill together on several occasions. Hasmukh Patel, a resident of Dhari says, \"These two are always spotted moving together. First we thought them to be brothers. But later the beat guard on duty told us that they are from different prides.\"One sub-adult belongs to Gir group while the other sub-adult is from Khamba. The two were forced to leave their homes. But since they were isolated, they teamed up and have now become best friends.The beat guard, recalling an incident, said that a fortnight back, one of the lions went to hunt a neelgai. But the animal proved to be stronger than him so he had to move back. Sensing trouble the other sub-adult too jumped on the neelgai. With support from his friend, the two finally succeeded in hunting it down. Their kill lasted for nearly two days.\"The two are setting up their new territory and are now attracting young females from the nearby areas. Soon the two would be having their own, new territory,\" the guard further said. \"The two are seen going to the ponds and resting in the fields, close to each other.\"Deputy conservator of forest, Sandeep Kumar said that such incident of males from different groups getting together is out of compulsion. Sandeep came across an incident where two brothers captured the largest territory in Gir, and made friends with the old lion who was in that territory. \"Such friendship is more common among females,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15363583", "title": "5 killed in fresh violence in lower Assam, toll rises to 61", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a calm of ten days fresh violence broke out in parts of lower Assam claiming five lives and pushing the overall toll to 61 today.Three bodies bearing bullet wounds were found in Chirang and two from Kokrajhar district, where one person is reported missing, police said.Chirang Superintendent of Police Kumar Sanjiv Krishna said the three - father and his two sons - had left the camp for displaced persons at Kawatika village of Chirang district in the afternoon yesterday and their bodies were found today.\"They left the camp without informing anybody and without any security. Since then they were untraced. Today we found their bodies at Borlangshu village at Chirang district,\" he said.Tension prevails in Chirang districts following recovery of the bodies and there are reports of minority community protesting on the streets against the death of the three men.Inspector General of Police (Bodoland Territorial Areas District) S N Singh told PTI that two more bodies have been recovered from Kokrajhar, while one person was reported missing.Additional reinforcements of police and para military forces have been rushed to the affected areas, where forces are already deployed since the outbreak of Bodo-Muslim clashes in July, Singh said.Night curfew continues in Kokrajhar and Chirang, which are part of Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts, and Dhubri, which is outside it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357445", "title": "Three teens suffer shock atop local, one critical", "text": "MUMBAI: Three teenagers from south Mumbai were admitted to hospital with burn injuries after they were suffered electric shock while travelling atop a suburban local on Western Railway.Mohammed Abbas, Naushad Razaq and Daniel Anwar, all three 17 years of age, were returning from Mira Road on Friday. According to the GRP, around 9.30pm, when the Churchgate-Virar fast local reached Bandra, the trio received a shock by the 25,000 V current passing through the overhead equipment wires. The three were admitted to Masina Hospital, Byculla. A medical officer said, \"Mohammed Abbas has suffered 41% burn injuries all over his body. He is admitted to the ICU and has been put on ventilator.\" His condition said to be critical.The other two victims - Daniel Anwar and Naushad - have suffered 8-10% burns on the face and neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15363788", "title": "Two more arrested in connection with attack on Rahim Uchil", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police has arrested two more persons in connection with the near murderous assault on Rahim Uchil, president of Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy. With this the total number of arrests in this case has gone up to five. Personnel of Mangalore South Police station on Saturday nabbed Abdul Basheer, 27, of Surathkal and Hameed alias Saddam, 21, of Kodikal, Mangalore who were wanted in this case and absconding.A group of miscreants had made a futile bid on the life of Rahim Uchil at the Academy's office at Attavar on March 15. Police earlier had arrested Umar Farooq alias Munna Farooq alias Shan, 20, of BC Road, Abdul Saleem, 33, of Bunder, Mangalore, and Muhammad Rafique, 28, of Ullal, Mangalore. Rahim was in hospital for nearly two months following the incident and has recently resumed his duties as president of the city based academy.Motorcycle thieves nabbedMangalore City Police has nabbed two persons including a minor in connection with an incident of motorcycle theft reported in Mangalore City South police station limits on July 30 at Brijesh Apartments, Attavar. The accused is Sayyed Sahil, 20, of Kaprigudda, Attavar. The police produced the accused before the jurisdictional court, which remanded him into to judicial custody.The other juvenile offender, aged 17, was produced before the remand home authorities for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363506", "title": "Nayanthara starts her affair after two years", "text": "Ravishing siren Nayantara has started her old affair which she put on a back burner a couple of years back. Don't come into some immediate conclusions, read this story!Nayan's fling with dance master Prabhu Deva has completely marooned off her ties with family staying out there in Kerala. Our sexy darling used to spend lot of her time with her nieces before her affair with Prabhu and later ignored them. Now that she is no more into any relation, she reopened her old affair of spending time playing with nieces. They say that Nayan is taking a break from all shootings to give full attention to her family.Apart from doing films in Tamil and Telugu, Nayanatara is trying for Hindi films too. Maybe she shouldn't have severed ties with Prabhu to make a dreamy Bollywood debut. Let us see!Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359310", "title": "Where people come alive on full moon nights", "text": "Basking in the soothing shade of two giant rocks, Kotiganahalli Ramaiah, head resting on his right knee, stares into the deep valley beneath. In his mind, he chalks out the activity for the recent full moon. \"We'll be celebrating our 75{+t}{+h} Moon Song that night,\" says Ramaiah, who along with like-minded people, mentored Adima Angala, a cultural centre atop Jinke Rammaiana Gudda in Kolar.Adima attracts its share of Moon Song connoisseurs inhabiting the villages of diverse communities along its meandering rock-strewn landscape. Among them are Nagappa P, a government school teacher in the nearby Paparajanalli village. \"Moon Song is a huge cultural affair at which villagers from in and around Kolar and people from nearby cities like Bangalore gather for a cultural bonanza of theatre, dance and song,\" says Nagappa, who has inspired children from his school to participate. People of diverse sensibilities are attracted for there are no strings attached.As LS Shindhgeri, a bank officer in Kolar, says: \"Ramaiah and his associates have built this socially inclusive cultural centre in the middle of a forest and through its cultural programmes, drawn all kinds of people. I've been posted in Kolar for two years and have grown addicted to it.\"People coming here let their minds wander beyond the mundane, into the spirit of inclusivity between man, animal and natural elements. A native of Kolar, hypnotherapist Venkatesh Sharma finds the natural beauty in heavenly harmony with the manmade auditorium, library and office. \"My spiritual students and I participate regularly in the Hunnime Haadus, which are defined by their simple intensity. On other days, this haven is alive with children participating in Chukki Melas as they tap into their creativity,\" he says.Adima's ideology emerges from Ramaiah's vision of addressing discrimination in an unconventional manner. Bangalore-based social activist Nandini, who has been associated with Adima for four years, says: \"Ramaiah envisions a society without discrimination. He doesn't believe this can be achieved by taking a begging bowl to the government. He believes in strengthening through culture the children of the soil and those oppressed historically. Those who helped this place know it can't be achieved overnight.\"It took the savings of several like-minded individuals to put together this centre. N Govindappa, accounts superintendent at the Kolar zilla parishad and an integral part of Adima, says: \"Around 20 of us saved one rupee a day and simultaneously put aside whatever grain or rice we could each day. We purchased this small piece of land on Jinke Gudda for Rs 10,000 and established Adima six years ago. We constructed a grass hut and started the Moon Song or Hunnime Haadu on full moon nights. The events are free and those who want to contribute can give whatever they can -- like greens, rice or ragi. We provide a simple free meal to those who come. It's become so popular that over 700 people gather here on such nights. We believe in the Gaddige Gaurava philosophy to draw unknown people with hidden talents to the fore.\"Between sunset and Moon Song, Ramaiah wonders: \"I've sown the seed and it's a collective effort to keep Moon Song alive. Where will the winds take us?\"Quote hangerI was at Adima for the 74{+t}{+h} Moon Song as we heralded a festival of Kurosawa films. Ramaiah and his friends are doing a wonderful job. One of their activities is developing it as a cultural centre and it's a novel experience. The have brought together children, locals and citizens of Kolar for programmes, discussions and an exchange of ideas. Within the open expanse of its main auditorium, Moon Song is an event that many people look forward to.Girish Kasaravalli | filmmaker", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15367033", "title": "Youngsters broaden horizon for global business leaders' role", "text": "VADODARA: A country like Greece, which is struggling with debt re-structuring after a series of public unrests, needs entrepreneurs for rebuilding its IT sector, while African countries, ravaged by diseases and poverty, are keen to strengthen their pharmaceutical sector to overcome medicine shortage...it is time for Baroda chapter of AIESEC, the international organization engaged in youth leadership, to step in .This year, the local AIESEC leaders had helped send four young students/ IT entrepreneurs to Greece to explore the IT sector while three of its members are currently in Africa. Three more of AIESECans are in USA, who are IT entrepreneurs but are studying the marketing sector. Those in Greece are also studying the BRIC countries, ie., Brazil, Russia, India and China from global business point of view. A month ago, the organization had hosted about 18 international students, who studied the business networking and industrial atmosphere of the city. But, before the AIESECans choose a country for visits, an extensive exercise is undertaken to identifying the target areas, which could match with the study interests of the members.\"This particular exercise of our organization is aimed at building bridges for global business after infusing it with youth power,\" Stuti Ahluwalia, vice president of the communications wing of Baroda chapter told media persons, here on Sunday. She would also be the event coordinator for 'Youth To Business Forum 2012' coming up on August 11 at MSU where leading industrialists from the district are expected to interact with youths interested in a career in global corporate sector.The highlight of the interaction would be the keynote address by Chennai-based author-blogger Pravin Shekar, the founder-trustee of 'The Social Catalyst', a non-profit trust that works towards professionalizing NGOs. Among the panelists would be Prof D P Kothari, who has held senior positions at IIT Delhi, Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur and VIT University, Vellore, and who is known for his contributions to engineering education in India. \"The exercise is meant to impart information and knowledge to youngsters about current and advanced business trends, business opportunities and utilization of resources in the global scenario,\" said Stuti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15364378", "title": "Government mulls action against 127 defaulting IAS officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is considering action against 127 IAS officers for failing to submit their Immovable Property Returns (IPRs) of last year to the government.\"The government is mulling action against the officers who have not yet given their IPRs. It can include withholding increment and appointments,\" a senior official of the Department of Personnel and Training said.Of the total 127 IAS officers who have not submitted their property details, 32 are from Madhya Pradesh cadre (including suspended IAS couple Arvind and Tinu Joshi), 16 from Uttar Pradesh, 14 from Punjab and 12 from Odisha cadre, according to the latest data of DoPT.Others who have failed to submit their IPRs belong to Andhra Pradesh cadre (8), Haryana and Karnataka (7 each), Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Mizoram, Uttarakhand, Nagaland and Manipur-Tripura (4 each), West Bengal (3), Assam and Tamil Nadu (2 each) and Chhattisgarh, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Kerala, Sikkim and Rajasthan (1 each).The total sanctioned strength of IAS is 6,154, including 1,885 promotion posts. Of these, 4,377 officers are in position.An all-India service officer is bound to file property returns of a year by January end of the following year.Besides these officials, there are 216 other IAS officers who did not submit IPRs for the year 2010.Among these officials, 30 officers are from West Bengal cadre, 24 from Karnataka, 19 from Jammu and Kashmir, 17 from Bihar, 16 from Madhya Pradesh, 13 from Odisha, 10 each from Uttar Pradesh and Manipur-Tripura cadre and eight each from Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Mizoram, Union Territories and Uttarakhand cadre.Seven IAS officers of Punjab cadre, six of Himachal Pradesh, five of Kerala, four each of Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Haryana, three each of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and two each of Assam, Sikkim and Nagaland and one each of Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan and Maharashtra have not submitted their IPRs for 2010, according to the DoPT data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15363214", "title": "Tallest Gandhi statue to be installed at Patna", "text": "PATNA: Bihar goverment will install tallest statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Gandhi Maidan here by the year-end.The bronze statue of 40 feet height will be installed after construction of a 24-feet pedestal, Building Construction minister Damodar Raut said today.Renowned Delhi-based sculptor Ram Sutar's firm was awarded a Rs 40-crore contract for the statue last year, he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "dehradun/manali", "code": "15357275", "title": "Over 30 dead as flash floods hit Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu", "text": "DEHRADUN/MANALI: At least 31 people were feared dead and hundreds homeless as incessant rain battered the northern states of Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu all through Friday night, triggering landslides, cloud bursts and flash floods.The Chardham Yatra to Gangotri and Yamunotri was suspended for the second day on Saturday as several pilgrims were stranded due to landslides. Hundreds of ITBP and BRO officers have been deployed to clear roads and rescue the trapped pilgrims, authorities said.In Uttarakhand, the Garhwal region bore the brunt of the disaster. Nineteen labourers of the state-run Assi Ganga hydel project were swept away after a cloudburst in the upper hills of Uttarkashi district. The disaster management department said while 28 people \u2014 including 19 construction workers and three fire brigade personnel \u2014 were swept away in low-lying villages along the Assi Ganga river, two children aged between six and nine were crushed in a house collapse at Karanpryag town in Chamoli district.In Himachal, one person was killed while 82 families lost their homes in flash floods in the Seri, a tributary of the river Beas, wreaked havoc on Friday night near Manali. Around 200m of the highway and a dozen vehicles were aalso washed away. Around the same time, flash floods struck at Dhundi, 20km from Manali, washing away a BRO bailey bridge near the construction site of the Rohtang tunnel.The body of a man who was drowned along with his car in Manali was recovered near Kullu. Many trucks, tractors and JCBs of the BRO and more than 50 workers' settlements were washed away in Bhang village. \"We spent a horrible night guarding our houses amid the screams of people fleeing,\" said Sanjeev Kumar, a resident of Bhang.22 trapped in Jammu flash floods rescued, alert soundedTraffic on the Manali-Kullu national highway remained closed till Saturday morning as a small stretch of the road was washed away in flash floods on Friday night. Police evacuated hundreds of families residing near the river banks between Palchan and Kullu to safer places late at night. Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi said that relief work is being carried out on a war-footing and people have been moved to safer places.The twenty-two people trapped in flash floods in Kathua and Jammu districts were safely rescued by police and locals on Saturday, officials said. Of the 22 people rescued, 15 were trapped in Kathua and seven in Jammu district, an official said.Meanwhile, a flash flood alert has been sounded in Jammu region, where intermittent overnight rains resulted in the flooding of rivers, officials said.Water level in Chenab, Tawi, Ujh and Basantar rivers are nearing the danger mark, they said, adding that people living in low-lying areas have been alerted and warned of flash floods. They have also been asked to keep away from banks of the flooded rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357208", "title": "425 buses of Shravan Pheri on Monday", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has arranged for 425 buses from various points to ferry crowds at Trimbakeshwar during Shravan Pheri on Monday.The pheri is celebrated on the third Monday, during the the month of Shravan, as it is considered to be a pious occasion when people from other states as well as those within Maharashtra, come to Trimbakeshwar for a walk around the Brahmagiri hills.\"This year we expect more than 5 lakh people to visit the town in 24 hours. We have therefore organized parking arrangements made and have pressed into service 425 buses from various points in Nashik to ferry passengers,\" MSRTC divisional controller Kailas Deshmukh said.The MSRTC has decided to ply the buses with a view to discourage devotees from using private vehicles which often cause traffic snarls.Private vehicles will be blocked from further travel at various points including Khambale, Mahindra Delivery point, Satpur and Golf Club ground. The buses have been deployed to cater to those willing to travel from these points to Trimbakeshwar, authorities said.The buses are scheduled to run from Nashik Road, Nashik city, Uttam Nagar, Pahine village (Trimbak-Ghoti Road) and Amboli village (Girnare-Trimbak Road). Police said that the route from Mela Stand (Old CBS) to Tilakwadi signal through Rajeev Gandhi Bhavan will restrict the entry of private vehicles from 2pm on August 5 to 8pm on August 6, 2012.The route from Rajdoot Hotel to Mela Stand will also be closed to private vehicles at this time with only the buses being allowed entry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356708", "title": "Cousins push man into Narmada canal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year-old man was pushed into a Narmada canal near Vatva on Friday evening by his enraged cousins. An Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) team continued to search for the victim's body through Saturday.Vatva police said Mulayamsinh Chaudhary (27), a resident of Dharmnagar, Ghodasar, was at loggerheads with his cousins, Satyendra Chaudhary, Ganejdra Chaudhary, and others over the ownership of a land. The cousins have been fighting for ancestral land for two generations and had staked conflicting claims time and again. The warring parties came face-to-face at a wedding last week and created a scene.\"According to Mulayamsinh's relatives, a group of three - including Satyendra and Gajendra - had called him on Friday evening to Pushpam Bungalows to discuss truce,\" said a Vatva police official. \"However, the meeting turned stormy as the group assaulted him and later threw him into the canal. The assaulters fled as residents nearby called the AFES.\"M J Badmaliya, inspector of Vatva police station, said that the accused have been questioned by police. \"At the moment, we have filed a case of attempt to murder against the three,\" he said. \"The AFES team, which has been working in the canal for the past two days, has not been able to locate the body. After we find it, we can register a case of murder. The accused confessed that disputed land was reason for the assault.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15362432", "title": "'Losing weight is not as difficult as sustaining whatever weight one has lost'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nothing could be more delightful than splurging on our favourite dishes and nothing could be more tormenting than not being able to taste them.Most who are in the process of weight loss, follow diet prescribed by weight loss centers, which are either too fancy to follow or too restrictive to adhere.Such short term and myopic weight lose programmes may help you shed couple of kilograms but as soon as you are done with the weight loss plan, the weighing scale starts hinting that you are coming back to square one! This is because most weight loss programmes make you change your food habits during the plan, but once you are out of it your obsession for food comes back naturally.\"Losing weight is not as difficult as sustaining whatever weight one has lost. Indians are so fixated with food that it is tough to change their traditional eating habits for long but if by certain means their BMR is boosted then weight loss becomes easier,\" says Dr Sonia Gandhi , Sr. Clinical Nutritionist at a city based hospital.Think of any occasion- college treat, office party or a usual weekend break, there is food all around. It seems food haunts you all the time, tantalizing your taste buds.Modifying your usual dietary pattern for a month or two to reduce weight does not solve your problem as it does not yield any sustainable weight loss. In fact, studies show that over-restriction of calories can result in nutrient deficiencies and muscle loss, which slows metabolism leading to weight gain.\"Women should not blindly follow restrictive diets which are calorie as well as nutrient deficient as they might do more harm than good. Many such diets can cause hormonal imbalances and may result in dangerously low levels of micro nutrients in the body,\" says Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358968", "title": "Pune police want 10,000 personnel", "text": "PUNE: The city police have renewed their demands for an additional manpower of 10,052 policemen and 1,000 closed circuit television (CCTVs) cameras after a series of blasts on JM Road on August 1.Additional commissioner of police (administration) Abdur Rahman told TOI on Saturday that a reminder has been sent to the state government to consider the proposals, which includes 32 CCTVs at the Pune police commissionerate.Rahman said the commissionerate had mooted the proposals in 2011, but they are still pending with the state home department. He expressed hope that the state will take their demands seriously, especially after five blasts in the city recently.Rahman said, \"We have a strength of 8,500 policemen, but we require an additional manpower of 10,052, ranging from constables to deputy commissioners of police. This will help meet the growing demand of people for opening new police chowkies, new motor transport section at Pimpri-Chinchwad, strengthening police hospitals and the wireless department. Besides, bandobast in new court buildings and tackling traffic issues also requires more cops.\"Rahman said that if their plan to install CCTVs at the cost of Rs 28 crore is considered, a well-equipped control room will be set up. \"We will impart specialised training to policemen for monitoring CCTVs and alerting police stations, chowkies, beat marshals and others in emergency situations. All the police stations in the city will co-ordinate with the control room. We hope the government will clear the proposals at the earliest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15365610", "title": "Will Somashekara Reddy lose his Karnataka Milk Federation post?", "text": "BANGALORE: Bellary MLA B Somashekara Reddy, who is facing the heat of the Anti-Corruption Bureau in the alleged bribe-for-bail case, could see the reins of KMF slipping away from his hands.Reddy was elected chairman of the Karnataka Milk Federation (KMF) for the second term in September 2011 and his term is scheduled to end in March 2014.But what's weighing in Reddy's favour is the difficulty involved in removing him as the KMF chief as he has been democratically elected. Also, the example set by B S Yeddyurappa who didn't quit the assembly membership or the party when he was put in jail in an alleged corruption case.Co-operation minister B J Puttaswamy's flip-flop on Sunday was a clear indication of the backstage manoeuvring. In the morning, the minister hinted at Reddy's removal and said the government would take a decision on Tuesday. Three hours later, he withdrew his statement and said it was left to the party high command to decide on such issues.A BJP MLA, Reddy has openly associated himself with the BSR Congress, floated by his friend B Sriramulu. This, along with the possible legal action, has made the other aspirants eye the coveted post.But experts say the removal of Reddy isn't an easy affair, as he is democratically elected from a board of 20 directors of the KMF, including 13 elected representatives from the district milk unions, four ex-officio directors and three official members. The chairman is elected from among the directors. Also, there is no clause in the KMF constitution to move a no-confidence motion.\"Even if Reddy is arrested, he cannot be removed. When former CM B S Yeddyurappa was in the prison, did he resign for his membership of the assembly or was he dismissed? The state government can dismiss Reddy only if the courts order so,'' said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15357735", "title": "LBT protest enters 4th day as citizens feel the pinch", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Political support has started to pour for traders as their bandh against Local Body Tax (LBT) entered into the fourth day. The fraternity on Saturday performed 'Sadbuddhi Mahayadnya', a religious rite seeking good sense for government to revoke the cess levied on the citizens.Meanwhile, people have begun to feel the heat of the bandh. As it is early days of the month, people have begun to run out of commodities of daily need. With petrol pumps within the city actively joining the strike, citizens have to travel outside the city to fill fuel in their vehicles. Earlier, people thought traders' strike would last for 2-3 days. But as bandh is stretching long, citizens are finding the going difficult.\"The Sadbuddhi Mahayadnya was to seek good sense for the government from the god. We prayed that government should understand difficulties of traders and citizens of Chandrapur and revoke LBT imposed in the town. Our efforts to pressure the government will continue in coming days,\" said president of Chamber of Commerce Harshwardhan Sanghvi.On Friday morning, traders staged a huge protest against LBT. Hundreds of traders and staffers working in their shops took part in the protest march. Traders walked with banners and posters protesting LBT. A delegation of Chamber of Commerce later submitted a memorandum to district collector.Sanghvi claimed that the bandh is likely to continue for another 5-6 days. \"Unless the CM decides on the issue, LBT is not going to be cancelled. We are not going to back down unless this tyrant tax is revoked. We will try to seek time to meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday to convince him,\" he said.Meanwhile, political support has begun to pour in for the trader's strike. Senior Congress leader and former MP Naresh Puglia had declared support to the traders on Friday. He forwarded a letter to the chief minister demanding relaxation in LBT for next two years. MP Hansraj Ahir too has stepped in support of traders and sent a letter to CM Chavan, seeking suspension of the tax for the next few years.Office-bearers of BJP met Sanghvi and other traders and extended the party's support on behalf of BJP state president Sudhir Mungatiwar. Mayor Sangita Amrutkar has already expressed her opposition to LBT. However, with tax being levied directly by government, the corporation is unable to abolish LBT on its own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363977", "title": "I can't be the candy queen forever, says Katy Perry", "text": "Katy Perry has hinted that even though she is hailed as a candy queen, she will eventually move on and give that title to someone else.\"I love what I do, and when I don't love what I do, I'll make a change, I can't be the candy queen forever,\" the Sun quoted her as telling Elle magazine.The 27-year-old actress also spoke of the pressures of living life in the spotlight, when so many others look at her as a role model for her fans and expect her to set a good example.\"I have no regrets. I'm not going to be everything to everyone,\" she said.\"I can't tell a person when it's time for them to have sex. Or if they should have a cigarette.\"But I try to live my life with a lot of integrity, and, hopefully, that sends a message,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357216", "title": "Traffic curbs for Sunday, Monday", "text": "NASHIK: Police chief Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has issued a notification on regulation of traffic in the city on Sunday and Monday for Shravan Somvar Pheri at Trimbakeshwarscheduled on Monday.Accordingly, Sharanpur Road would be closed for private vehicles from Central Bus Station (CBS) to Tilakwadi signal. Private vehicles would have the option of diverting from CBS chowk to Modak Signal-Hotel Rajdoot or from CBS chowk to Meher Signal- Ashok Stambh- Gangapur Road. The stretch from Sharanpur Road to Tilakwadi to CBS would be closed for private vehicles. Motorists will have the option of taking the road towards the swimming pool and Modak Signal or Tilakwadi Signal- Pandit Colony-Gangapur Road route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357536", "title": "Group demands 400 sq ft flats for Dharavi residents", "text": "MUMBAI: When it comes to homes in Dharavi, demands are growing larger in size: From 180 sq ft, when the government first took up the slum rehabilitation project, to 225 sq ft, to 300 sq ft last year and now it is 400 sq ft.The Dharavi Bachao Andolan has demanded that every family in Dharavi must be given a 400 sq-ft flat. \"The government, besides rehabilitating residents of shanties, will commercially exploit most of the 550 acres of Dharavi. Providing another 100 sq-feet free of cost will not hit its bottom-line,\" said Baburao Mane of Dharavi Bachao Andolan, threatening to stall the redevelopment work before it starts, if the government did not fulfil their request. The organization, which claims to represent all political parties in the city, met governor K Sankaranarayanan last week, requesting him to ask the government to accept their demand. Mane pointed out that the Congress lost five of the six Dharavi seats in the civic polls. He added neither Congress MP Eknath Gaikwad nor his daughter Varsha Gaikwad could win as they did not listen to people's demands.The Nivara Hakk Suraksha Samiti has been campaigning for all slum redevelopment projects to be converted into low-cost housing plans, with the sale component being used exclusively for creating housing stock for the low-income and middle-class families, ensuring mixed housing. Civic activist and architect P K Das said that at present, no one knew how the government was deciding on the size of a flat under the free housing scheme. The decisions, he said, were being made from the point of view of the developer and not that of slum-dwellers.\"The government must prepare a comprehensive masterplan for a slum-free development and affordable housing. It will then be able to decide on standards for housing, including density in a given area, amenities and the size of a free house,\" Das said.Dharavi is also rising high on the rental list. \"Nearly 80% people in Dharavi live on rent,\" said Shweta Damle of NGO Committee for Right to Housing. NGO Mashaal conducted a survey and found that only about 100 families owned most of the structures in Dharavi, whose population is estimated at 3 lakh. \"Rental housing stock should be created within the city. It should form a part of the slum redevelopment scheme managed by Mhada,\" said Damle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362420", "title": "Campaigners in Russia want Madonna's support", "text": "Campaigners protesting against the arrest of three feminist pop stars charged for performing a 'punk prayer' outside a cathedral, hope that Madonna will publicly express her support for the trio.Three members of the feminist punk collective Pussy Riot named Maria Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Yekaterina Samutsevich will be jailed for seven years if found guilty on charges of hooliganism motivated by religious hatred.The women were arrested after going to Moscow's Christ the Saviour cathedral in February and performing a \"punk prayer\" critical of the Orthodox church's support for the president, Vladimir Putin , the Guardian reported.The plight of the trio has become a cause celebre in the music world, with numerous stars taking a public stance in their support for the group.Anthony Kiedis , lead singer with the Red Hot Chili Peppers , showed his support by wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the name Pussy Riot at a recent concert in St Petersburg.Another famous band, Sting, has also issued messages of support for the group.\"Surely the Russian authorities will completely drop these spurious charges and allow the women, these artists, to get back to their lives and to their children,\" Sting said.Although Madonna has not gone as far as her music industry comrades, the group still view the star as an inspiration because of her willingness to upset the Roman Catholic church with her music.The campaigners are hopeful that when the Queen of pop takes to the stage in Moscow this week, she will take a stronger stance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357435", "title": "Japan pharma firm keen to offload Andheri plot", "text": "MUMBAI: Larsen and Toubro (L&T;) Realty has emerged as the frontrunner to buy a three-acre plot in Andheri owned by Nycomed Pharma Pvt Ltd.An erstwhile Swiss pharmaceutical company, Nycomed, was acquired by Takeda, a Japan pharmaceutical research company in 2011. In its bid, L&T; Realty is reported to have quoted over Rs 150 crore, about Rs 30 crore more than bids quoted by its nearest two bidders, including Lodha Group, said sources close to the development said. While a final decision will be taken soon, the realty firm took one step closer to sealing the deal by issuing an advertisement for verifying the land title. Shrikant Joshi, CEO of L&T; Realty, did not respond to text messages; while a company spokesperson refused comment. The 12,000-sq m plot houses a bungalow, two guest houses, a research and development facility and an electric substation. Sources say the corporate (L&T;) is keen on acquiring the property as it is located near its corporate headquarters in Powai, sources claim. Meanwhile, a Nycomed spokesperson could not be reached.Many cash-rich groups are looking to seal deals sensing a sluggish realty market. The Ajay Piramal-led Piramal Realty (purchased Gulita, HUL's property in Worli), Sunteck Realty (bought a 15-acre industrial plot in Goregaon), the Ashok Piramal Group's Peninsula Land, which purchased and Oberoi Realty and the Wadhwa Group are making their presence felt in the property market, as big firms like DLF and HDIL are selling realty assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356811", "title": "Deccan Chronicle mortgages prime properties", "text": "HYDERABAD: The promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) have now mortgaged prime properties in Secunderabad and Gurgaon with Indian Overseas Bank to raise Rs 70 crore, latest disclosures made by the company to the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad, have revealed.According to the details of the latest declaration made to RoC, DCHL promoters had on August 2, 2012, mortgaged land and buildings located on a 2460.73 sq metre land on Sarojini Devi Road at Secunderabad adjacent to DCHL's corporate office at 36, Sarojini Devi Road.In addition to this, the company's promoters have also mortgaged a 3,027 sq ft property located on the second floor of Sewa Corporate Park/Corporate Suites at Khasra in Gurgaon. The money has been raised at 13.75% rate of interest from IOB's large corporate branch in Banjara Hills.The latest mortgage comes even as the DCHL promoters have already mortgaged various assets to several banks like ICICI Bank, Axis Bank , Yes Bank, Corporation Bank, Canara Bank and financial institutions like IDFC Ltd and non-banking financial institutions like Tata Capital to raise funds.While the DC promoters had pledged 54% of their DCHL stake with Future Capital Holdings to raise Rs 170 crore (the loan was on Friday transferred from FCHL to Kishore Biyani's Future group), they have mortgaged movable and immovable properties in Hyderabad, Vizag, Vijayawada, Kadapa, Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai to banks and financial institutions.In Hyderabad, they have mortgaged properties at Gachibowli, Secunderabad, Banjara Hills, Kondapur, Basheerbagh, Kukatpally and Somajiguda.Prior to that in July this year DCHL promoters raised Rs 170 crore from IDFC at 15% by mortgaging uncalled share capital, moveable property, book debts, revenues and receivables, intangibles as well as goodwill.In fact, on Friday, DCHL informed the stock exchanges that it had extended its financial year 2011-12 by another six months ending on September 30, 2012.In a statement published in Deccan Chronicle recently, chairman T Venkattram Reddy had admitted that the company was facing a \"liquidity crisis\" and said that the company's loan outstanding and the overdue sums relate to payments that were due only in the last couple of months. Reddy also claimed that the \"net worth of DCHL far exceeds its current outstanding\".The company's promoters are already facing a criminal complaint filed by Karvy Stock Broking Ltd in Hyderabad alleging cheating and forgery for pledging a part of the stake they had already pledged with FCHL to Religare and IDFC. Apart from this, IFCI Ltd has already filed a winding up petition in the Andhra Pradesh high court after DCHL failed to redeem non-convertible debentures worth Rs 25 crore in June end this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356959", "title": "Stolen idols case: Hong Kong woman, UK man aided Subhash Kapoor", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu idol wing sleuths are in hot pursuit of a woman in Hong Kong and a man in the UK who are believed to have helped antique dealer Subhash Kapoor cart away invaluable idols from the state to the US. Law Shang of Hong Kong, is said to have played the role of a courier between Hong Kong and the UK, from where a man named Neil Perry smuggled the idols to the US. Tamil Nadu police are trying to move Interpol to seek interrogation of Shang and Perry.Special police teams led by deputy inspector-general of police (DIG) A G Pon Manickavel are probing the idol smuggling case. During inquiry, idol wing sleuths came to know that Kapoor was assisted by several people to move idols from place to place. \"We have found that a woman called Law Shang, who owns an earthmovers company in China, mediated with Sanjeevi Asokan and Kapoor. She collected consignments of the stolen antique idols sent to Hong Kong by Asokan through Chennai port. She then booked the consignments to the UK where they were received by Perry, who sent the idols to a curator to make some alteration. Later he sent the idols to the US, where Kapoor received them,\" a police officer said. \"We are verifying with the Interpol officials through CBI to interrogate Shang and Perry, who played a role in the smuggling racket,\" the officer said.On Friday, a sessions court in Ariyalur dismissed Kapoor's bail petition. Kapoor had mentioned in his petition that as the interrogations are over, he be released on bail. The judge rejected his plea after the police objected.Kapoor was arrested for smuggling antique idols dating back to the 11th century Chola reign. Kapoor was extradited from Germany on July 14 after he was remanded in Germany prison for eight months following a red corner notice issued by the idol wing CID.Idol wing seeks say in certifying handicraftsChennai: The idol wing has sent a proposal to the state government to include itself and HR&CE; department in the process of giving certificates to take idols and handicrafts abroad. This is aimed at checking idol smuggling .Now, the customs department allows individuals to take idols after getting a certificate from the handicrafts department. \"If the present system is amended, it will help us prevent smuggling,\" said deputy inspector-general of police A G Pon Manickavel.Police said Subhash Chandra Kapoor, who was extradited from Germany for smuggling idols stolen from temples in Ariyalur, had bought new idols from handicrafts showrooms in Chennai which he added to a bag of antique idols and got certificates from the handicrafts department.Update (October 2, 2012)Neil Perry denies chargesIn response to the above article, Neil Perry, also known as Neil Perry-Smith, has categorically denied that he is a smuggler. Perry, who describes himself as an art restorer, has said that he has not been contacted by the authorities, that he properly complies with the relevant import / export legislation and that he retains the services of an independent customs specialist to ensure that this is the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15365190", "title": "Students celebrate national year of Mathematics", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys Science Foundation in association with Sishu Griha Montessori and High School organized an inter-school mathematics fest 'Limit Infinity - The Number Games'. The day-long event on Saturday witnessed participation from over 160 students from 25 schools in the city.\"The Limit Infinity fest was aimed at inspiring a love for Mathematics and to help eliminate the fear of Math in young minds. With the year 2012-13 being celebrated as the 'National Year of Mathematics' in India in honor of the renowned mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan's 125th birth anniversary, we thought it apt to organize this fest to demystify Math and overcome the myths and fallacies associated with numbers. The aim was also to encourage students to pursue the field of Math in future,\" said Sujatha Mohandas, the principal of Sishu Griha School.The event hosted interesting sessions that focused on combining Math and fun, while engaging youngsters in group discussions, quizzes, and relay of problem solving sessions. Presentations and a skit on the life of Ramanujan by the Sishu Griha students were also organized to help children understand the application of Math in day-to-day lives.K Dinesh, co-founder Infosys said, \"It is important to encourage and influence the young minds in our country to pursue Math at advanced levels and bring back the romance in this field of study. Limit Infinity, organized by Sishu Griha and Infosys Science Foundation is our effort in this direction. I am sure it demonstrated how exciting a subject Mathematics can be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363487", "title": "Jism-2: Sunny sells tickets of the film", "text": "On Sunday, the crowd at Cinemax, Sion, in Mumbai went berserk and rightly so. It's not everyday that they can buy a movie ticket from Sunny Leone!Sunny and Dino Morea were at the ticket counter, selling tickets for their newly released film, Jism 2.The film may have got mixed reviews but that didn't stop movie goers from making a beeline for the film! Seems like the industry-wallahs are pulling out all stops when it comes to promoting their films before and after the release. And it's working! Mahesh Bhatt, who has written the film, tweeted a picture of Sunny and Dino at the ticket counter. Sunny was quite covered up in a smart tie-knot white shirt and smiled for the many mobile phone cameras focused on her! While Sunny sold tickets for the film, Dino, who has co-produced Jism 2 along with Pooja Bhatt , happily counted the moolah.Mahesh Bhatt also tweeted along with the picture: 'DinoMorea laughs his way to the bank as @Jism2 heroine @SunnyLeone sells tickets at cinemax, sion (sic)'.Call it gimmicky, but then all's fair in this Box Office war. Clearly, promoting a film has gone way beyond mere interviews and appearances. And, for the starry eyed lot, it's a welcome move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358441", "title": "School bus crushes cop in Patna", "text": "PATNA: An irate mob set ablaze a school bus after it crushed a constable to death near the Swasthya Bhawan on Ashok Rajpath at Sultanganj in the city on Saturday morning.While the driver fled leaving behind the vehicle, the schoolchildren travelling by the bus escaped unhurt as they had been asked by the people in the mob to get down before they turned violent.The deceased, identified as Janardan Sharma, was posted in the office of Tirhut range DIG at Muzaffarpur.Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar later reached the spot and pacified the mob while fire tenders doused the leaping flames. Kumar said a case was lodged against the bus driver. Another case was lodged against 150 unknown persons for indulging in violence.Sharma was living at a rented house in Mandiri. He used to take an auto to go to Gandhi Maidan and from there to Gai Ghat to board a Muzaffarpur-bound bus every morning. \"It could not be known immediately why he got down from auto at Sultanganj on Saturday,\" he said and added there were no witnesses to the mishap.The bus belonged to St Joseph High School, located at Bhootnath Road in Kankarbagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361166", "title": "Not a happily-ever-after story", "text": "Photographer Dina Goldstein tells Nona Walia why her Ken cheats on Barbie, her Snow White regrets getting married &amp; her Rapunzel has cancerSnow White is a harried housewife managing four bawling kids as her Prince Charming is an out-of-work sloth who would rather enjoy his beer. Cinderella drowns her sorrows at a dive bar. Rapunzel chops off her locks because she's undergoing chemotherapy. An obese Red Riding Hood is carting a fast food basket to her grandmother. And Barbie, known as the perfect doll, walks in on her husband Ken, who is sleeping with another guy! They aren't the images from the pages of fairytales children grew up to believe, but it's what Vancouver-based photographer, Dina Goldstein, wanted to capture through her lens \u2014 the imperfect world of the perfect princess and the perfect doll. \"It was an important question to ask: Is there anything like being happily ever after?\" asks Goldstein.Here, she explains why her world of dark realities is far more pertinent in today's world than a fairytale that a child grows up believing in.What made you show the world's most famous doll, Barbie, living a miserable life with Ken?I think Barbie is an idealised woman. More than any other childhood construct, Barbie encapsulates the concept that beauty is power and thus key to a happy life. However, when Ken, Barbie's handsome but emasculated husband, pursues happiness by expressing his own individuality \u2014 that he's gay, the value of beauty as a trait unto itself is exposed as the cheap, plastic facsimile that it is.But by definition, fairytales are escape routes, happily-ever-after stories ...I disagree. Real fairytales are quite dark and often end up tragic. It is the Disney versions, that have been modified and twisted just to include a happy ending.By making Ken homosexual, and a man who cheats, did you want to show the possible realities of a modern-day marriage?Yes. There are so many expectations out of marriage and so much fantasy that is built around it, and probably that's why it often does not work. I feel, for two people to stay together they must accept each other completely. My Ken finally exposes his true authentic self. Barbie discovers him with another male doll and that is how it all begins to unravel. I think most married couples keep secrets from each other. We get married, buy a house, fill it with beautiful things and expect life to run smoothly forever after... but life is full of complexities that we have to manoeuvre through constantly. I can say this from experience because I have been with my husband for 20 years!In your earlier work, 'Fallen Princesses', you turned the whole idea of the perfect princess who lives happily-everafter on its head. Why?I detest the saccharine \"happily ever after\" motif we are spoon fed since childhood. 'Fallen Princesses' was a metaphor out of the myths of fairy- tales, forcing the viewer to contemplate real life: failed dreams, the epidemic of obesity , the extinction of indigenous cultures, cancer, and the fallacy of chasing eternal youth.Do you sense fatigue in people with the idea of perfection?I think that my images portray the truth about life and its complexities. That everyone deals with challenges. Although this earth is so full of beauty, there is also darkness that enters our lives once in a while. It's good to recognise this and find the humour in it even if it's dark humour.Why don't you believe in fairytales?I grew up in Israel , long before the Disney fairytales reached that country. Children are too exposed to it these days. When my daughter, Jordan was 3, I began to notice how she and all of her friends were obsessed with this princess culture. I was amazed by how it drew these young girls in. At the same time, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. I began to think about how these perfect characters would deal with real life issues after the movie/book ended. What was forever after? What happened when they aged, lost their fortune, had to face illness? I began to conceptualise Rapunzel having cancer and then went on to the others. Each had their own story to tell.How did your daughters (Jordan, now 7, and Zoe, 3) react to the pictures of Barbie and their favourite fairytale princesses whose worlds had shattered in your work?My daughters recognise the characters in my work but don't have the sophistication to understand the concepts yet.Your critics may argue that since you didn't grow up with dolls, maybe the emotions are coming out of anger?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357891", "title": "Ghazipur waste plant trials from August-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Okhla, the Delhi government is getting ready to make the waste-to-energy plant at Ghazipur operational. It has asked East Delhi Municipal Corporation to send garbage to the plant from August-end for the trial run. The plant will be fully operational by the end of 2012, sources said.\"We are supposed to provide 1,300 tonnes of garbage everyday to the plant, which can produce 12mw electricity in each cycle,\" said an official with the East corporation.Once the plant is fully functional, the civic agency can revive its ambitious project to reclaim land at the Ghazipur landfill site. \"All the landfill sites maintained by the civic agencies have crossed the permissible limit. We have no option but to reclaim the land by disposing of garbage. We hope to reclaim at least one-third of land in the next five years,\" said an official.Soon after the Okhla plant was made operational, officials said, there were complaints regarding the quality of garbage provided by the civic agencies. \"We were told that the residual waste was at least 30% against the standard 15-20%. We have been asked to treat the garbage to reduce the waste factor. For the Ghazipur plant, we are working out a way to minimize waste. We have adopted better segregation techniques to improve garbage quality,\" said an official.Mahek Singh, chairman of the standing committee, East corporation, said, \"We are hopeful that the plant will be operational by next month. We plan to set up similar plants in other areas to dispose of garbage in a proper manner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362245", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha will be in hospital for another week", "text": "Shatrughan Sinha is getting ready to return home after a month of hospitalization. The ground floor of the newly-renovated Sinha residence would contain all the equipment for Shatrughan Sinha's exercises.Says a source, \"Sonakshi will personally look into her father's new physical regimen while his diet would be completely supervised and controlled by Mrs Punam Sinha. And when Shatruji returns home the inflow of guests would be gently controlled so that a strain is not imposed on the healing process,\" says a family friend.But Shatruji is not going home right away.Though fully recovered and raring to get back to a normal routine, Shatrughan Sinha would be confined in his cushy suite on Tina Ambani's hospital until the Sinhas' newly-rebuilt residence, is considered a safe zone for the newly recuperated star.Shatruji's ailment began when he developed a ferocious allergy against the paint used in in the newly-renovated residence. It was suspected that the paint was adulterated. But now that suspicion has been dropped. Now the Sinha parivar just wants to make sure that everything is in perfect condition at home, and that Sonakshi get time off from her hectic schedule to be home when the star-actor returns.Says Punam Sinha, \"Though he's fine now, we aren't taking him home yet. I am thinking of letting him stay in hospital for another week or so since he has to follow a physiotherapy rehabilitation regimen. If we return home he'd have to come to hospital everyday anyway. We might as well stay here for another week or ten days.\"Punam Sinha wishes her husband to gain more strength to be able to cope with the torrent of visitors expected once he returns home. \"He would love to meet everyone who drops in to look him up. But that would go against his post-surgery regime. Otherwise he's fit and fine.\"There was also talk of the paint company being sent a legal notice for the allergy attack. The devoted wife pooh pohs such strong-arm tactics. \"It wasn't adulterated paint that caused him the respiratory reaction. He's allergic to paint and because our home was newly done, he suffered a severe reaction. Our home has duly been aired now. It waits for him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356921", "title": "Destroy nuclear weapons, save mankind: Hiroshima survivor", "text": "KOLKATA: Little Hiroo Iso was playing in his house in Hiroshima prefecture in Japan when Enola Gay, a Boeing B-29 Superfortress bomber, flew in and dropping Little Boy, a 9,700-pound nuclear bomb that changed the world forever. Although the four-year-old did not realize what was wrong then, he learnt it the hard way later.\"I have developed thyroid problems, which doctor says was the aftereffect of the radiation. My sister had four children. They all suffered from thyroid cancer and died despite surgery. My children are fine, but I am worried whether my grandchildren will be insulated from this radiation impact as this is genetically carried forward,\" Hiroo told TOI on Saturday. He was here to deliver a lecture at Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Narendrapur, on the eve of the 67{+t}{+h} anniversary of the nuclear bombing at Hiroshima-Nagasaki.Hiroo, now 71, is among the 'hibakushas' who survived the Hiroshima bombing. The wanton destruction of life and suffering still haunts him. Around 2.30 lakh people in Hiroshima and Nagasaki are still suffering from the impact of radiation. \"At the time of the bombings, I had a sister who was 12 years elder to me. As she grew up, we all avoided talking about Hiroshima. Otherwise it would have been difficult for my parents to marry her off,\" the Hiroshima survivor said while speaking about the social stigma.Nobody from Hiroo's immediate family died in the bombing. But they could not escape the ill-effects of the radiation on their body. His mother died of liver cancer, which doctors said had happened because of the nuclear radiation.Hiroo's family, like many other families in Hiroshima, suffered financially after the bombing. He beat all odds and went to elementary school, primary school, high school and then completed his graduation. \"After I graduated, there was no dearth of jobs for me. I entered the garment manufacturing industry and then moved on to food processing,\" he said. Hiroo left Hiroshima for Osaka when he was 18 years old and later to Kobe.Since 2008, Japan-based international NGO Peace Boat has invited the hibakusha of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to participate in the Global Voyage for a Nuclear-Free World: Peace Boat Hibakusha Project. Till January 2011, over 130 hibakusha have travelled around the world giving personal testimonies about the effects of the atomic bombs and calling for nuclear abolitionHiroo has also travelled in this Peace Boat to 23 countries, including Vietnam , Egypt, Turkey and Panama. \"I want all nuclear weapons to be abolished by 2022. That will help save mankind,\" is Hiroo's message to the world. He will visit Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Mysore, Bangalore and Chennai before returning to Japan on August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15358268", "title": "Karnataka teacher transferred, her students slash wrists in protest", "text": "BANGALORE: A class VII student, Kiran \u2014 of a government school in Magadi town, around 40km from Bangalore \u2014 along with five other students slashed his wrists to protest against the transfer of his class teacher A Ramamani.This fact was discovered by Kiran's father, Gangadharaiah, who noticed scars on his son's wrists. Worried, Gangadharaiah abandoned his farm work and hurried to school on Saturday morning, and found that that there were five other children who had similar marks.Soon others parents showed up and the block education officer A R Rangaswamy too arrived. \"I rushed to the school around 9:30am and found six students with scar marks on their hands. They had used compasses and other sharp objects to hurt themselves. No one is sure where and when they did it. The parents saw the marks on Friday evening,\" he said.Rangaswamy told TOI this is the second such incident involving Ramamani in the past six years. \"Ramamani joined in 2005. A similar incident reportedly happened when some students slashed their hands when Ramamani was transferred some time in 2007,\" he said.Ramamani has been transferred to Geralli, another village in Magadi. \"It seems she doesn't like to be transferred. We strongly suspect Ramamani of encouraging these kids to slash their hands. I have submitted a report to my seniors. They'll decide on the transfer,\" he said. Ramamani was not available for comment as she is on leave for four days after the transfer order came in. Kiran said, \"Apart from being a good teacher, she taught us devotional songs and is very affectionate. She'd clarify our doubts whenever we went to her. I was very upset she was going away. So I hurt my hand with a compass.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15366002", "title": "Pedestrians, the highest victims of road rage", "text": "THANE: Pedestrians and motorcycle riders or their pillions comprised the bulk of the victims of road accidents in Thane in the last three years, according to statistics compiled by the Thane traffic police department.A careless walk along the road or on a busy inter-section has proved fatal for Thane pedestrians as most deaths in a motor accident concerns the walkers with the casualty figures on an upward spiral from 2009-2011.A case in point is the very recent death of two women from Baroda who were mowed down by a speeding tempo at the busy Vasant Vihar junction in Thane (w). The tempo driver is understood to have lost control of the heavy vehicle following a brake failure and proved fatal for the two women who were purchasing garlands for a funeral of their relative.In most cases the pedestrian is the first to be hit. It could be a direct crash or some technical fault in the vehicle. Of the 301 deaths due to road accidents in 2009, 118 persons who died were pedestrians. The incidents of pedestrian casualties increased to 124 and 126 in 2010 and 2011 respectively out of the total 270 and 262 deaths reported in the Thane police commissioenrate,'' a senior traffic police officer told TOI.Interestingly, the figures of pedestrians who were hurt in a motor accident is falling sharply in the last three years. Records show that from a new high of 432 pedestrians being injured in 2009, the numbers fell to 419 and 369 in 2010 and 2011 respectively. From January to May 2012, 43 pedestrian have died while 157 were reported with injuries.The speeding motorcycles are another reason for high anxiety of the traffic police corp as the speed machines were the cause of 125 deaths in 2009. Incidents of deaths due to rash riding or over speeding the two-wheelers registered in 2010 was 112 which fell to 87 in 2012. The recent figures from January to May 2012 show that 46 persons who were either riding the motorcycle or sitting pillion had died in road accidents,'' the official said.The roads in the lake city of Thane or in the twin cities of Kalyan-Dombvili or Ulhasnagar have been particularly unsafe for a bicycle ride, or so it seems. As many as nine persons were killed and 20 other were while they were peddling their way to home or work in 2009. The death tally of cyclist rose to 11 in 2012 while 14 others were injured in road mishaps.2009 2010 2011 2012Death/Injurd Death/Injurd Death/Injurd Death/InjurdPEDESTRIAN118 / 432124 / 419126 / 36943 / 157MOTORCYCLE125 / 358112 / 32487 / 32946 / 132AUTORICKSHAW14 / 15106 / 12414 / 11509 / 42CAR DRIVER11 / 7503 / 5709 / 5304 / 34LORRY DRIVER02 / 2102 / 1601 / 0603 / 05BUS PASSENGER01 / 2100 / 1602 / 1000 / 08TANKER/TRAILOR03 / 2002 / 0601 / 0101 / 01BICYCLE PASNGR09 / 2005 / 2611 / 1409 / 13OTHER VEHICLES05 / 3305 / 3302 / 2901 / 09TOTAL301 / 1178270 / 1074262 / 981117 / 4172012 Data is uptill May 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357712", "title": "HC allows Sajjan Kumar to cite riot victim\u2019s statements", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Sajjan Kumar was on Friday permitted by the Delhi high court to defend himself using statements made before judicial commissions by a 1984 anti-Sikh riots victim.Justice Pratibha Rani held that an accused has a right to fair trial and allowed Kumar's plea. The high court, however, made it clear that Kumar will not be allowed to further cross-examine prosecution witness Jagdish Kaur but can rely on the affidavits she had given before the commissions.Setting aside the trial court's June 2 decision which had dismissed Kumar's plea, the judge said, \"Accused has a right to get a fair trial. It is essential that the accused is given a reasonable opportunity to defend himself in the trial. He is also permitted to confront witnesses and other evidences that the prosecution is relying upon.\" The court added the trial court had denied him his right to have a fair trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356865", "title": "A journey of Discovery and adventure for children", "text": "KOLKATA: Parents can now stop worrying about the lack of educative shows for children on television. Discovery Networks has launched a new channel\u2014Discovery Kids\u2014where children can engage in edutainment and catch live action series under genres like adventure, mythology, nature, history and science.The programming slate features programmes like 'Kim', an animated version of Rudyard Kipling's picaresque novel, 'Adiboo Adventure' which unveils puzzling questions that bother a child's mind and 'Bindi The Jungle Girl' which features Steve Irwin's daughter Bindi travelling round the globe.In keeping with the Indian theme, the channel has also planned an animation show, 'Sally Bollywood' where 12-year-old Indian detective Sally can solve the toughest of mystery cases in seconds. With popular cartoon characters like Doraemon, Shinchan and Chhota Bheem ruling the television, the channel is confident of a strong viewership.\"Some channels believe in cashing on mindful content and some go for mindless content. We would like to be remembered for bringing in a channel which changed the way kids watch television,\" said Rajeev Bakshi, marketing vice-president at South Asia, Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359286", "title": "BDA, BBMP join hands to remodel complex", "text": "BANGALORE: Cash-strapped BBMP and BDA have just begun a new 'doubles' campaign. The two civic authorities have joined hands to reconstruction/remodel Jayanagar Shopping Complex, an icon of South Bangalore.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar laid the foundation for the Rs 252.27-cr project on Saturday, envisaging construction of a 43,480 sqm commercial space in the existing 16,877 sqm area, paving way for increasing the capacity by 300%.Shettar, while promising government's support, called for time-bound completion of the project.BDA commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola said the project is expected to be completed in two years. \"The market space will go up by 300% after renovation,'' he said.BBMP commissioner MK Shankaralinge Gowda said BBMP is also planning similar but smaller projects in Malleshwaram and Seshadripuram, in association with BDA.City mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said there are plans to introduce windmills wherein any building which is five-or-above storeyed will have to install windmills to generate power. He also sought for more assistance from the state government to enable BBMP to deal with drinking water, garbage and street lights issues.UPGRADED ICON WILL HAVE...The Jayanagar Shopping Complex was built in 1975. As of now, 14,624 sqm commercial space is available there. The new construction will have four blocks. Block I will have two basements, ground floor and six upper floors. Block-II and Block-III will have three basements, ground floor and five upper floors and Block IV will have three basements, ground floor and four upper floors. There will be a parking lot which will accommodate 750 vehicles and 1,000-seater multiplexes in the renovated theatre, Puttanna Kanagal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359229", "title": "Transmission tranquilizers", "text": "Flipping open a small jade-green box, PranavPoddar unveils a shiny maroon-coloured object the size of a sim card.\"This is the enviro chip that changes the constant nature of radiation, harmful for the human body, to a random one, which is safer,\" he says as he carefully fixes the glistening device slightly above the centre of the back panel of a mobile phone.\"The position where you fix it is important, as its efficacy at controlling the mobile phones radiation depends a lot on its location,\" adds the director of the Delhi-based Synergy Environics , which provides solutions for electromagnetic radiations emitted from mobiles, computers and cell phone towers.As concerns about the harmful health effects of radiation increase, especially from cell phone towers, a number of companies are offering anti-radiation devices which they claim can mitigate the hazards.Environics solutions, for instance, include, besides chips for mobiles, laptops and computers, customized strips for placing around cell phone towers.A similar protection against radiation from towers is offered by Mumbai-based NESA Radiation Solutions.Among the products in its portfolio are radiation detectors as well as shielding films and curtains which can be put inside buildings close to towers.\"The electronic components in the shielding films can convert microwave energy into heat energy and then dissipate it.They have been found to have 90-95 % effectiveness,\" says the companys director, Neha Kumar.Another range of products offered by Delhi-based Green8 India includes cellular foils manufactured in Germany that can be put underneath the mobile phones battery to reduce radiation.The companys solution for tower radiation is a transformer, labeled PST 28, which Suneel Sardana, the firms CMD, says neutralizes radiation and creates a protective zone within a radius of up to 33 metres.But despite the proliferation of these devices, their acceptability among consumers is still quite low.According to K Kanan of Chennai-based Portoworld that markets an antiradiation chip called Radisafe, a major reason for slow sales in India is because the effects of radiation are not immediately visible and people are not bothered about it too much.\"We have scant respect for health in our country, unlike the West where diseases arising from radiation are a major concern.In fact, sales of our products are high in the US, Europe and even countries like the West Indies and Mozambique .However, it is just a few thousand units in India which, ironically, has a mobile phone subscriber base of nearly 90 crore.\"Cell phone companies though, not surprisingly, brush aside the efficacy of these products and even the need for them, saying there is no conclusive evidence to prove that emissions from mobile towers cause health hazards.\"The government has adopted and implemented the ICNIRP (International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection Board) standards for the telecom sector in the country which is considered to be one of the best in the world and has been adopted by over 90% of nations.It ensures abundant precautionary limits for exposure from base stations and phones.So there is no question of any instrument, device or product being necessary for protecting consumers from such emissions.They are simply a waste of money,\" says Rajan S Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India.Anti-radiation product proponents say they expect this reaction from a very strong cell phone lobby in the country. \"Acknowledging that these products are working is tantamount to the mobile companies admitting that their own phones and transmission towers are emitting harmful radiation in the first place, which they will never do,\" says Sardana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358483", "title": "St Xavier's alumni are who's who of society", "text": "PATNA: St. Xavier's Alumni Association (SXAA) is the city's one of the oldest alumni associations, which boasts of over 3,000 members, some of them very famous names. From doctors to teachers, bureaucrats to senior police officers, bankers to other government servants, Xavier's has produced persons of eminence in all the fields. Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran, DGP Abhyanand, noted surgeon Dr A A Hai, former top cop J K Sinha, Hotel Chanakya director Vijay Kochar and Justice Abhijit Sinha - they are all school passouts, to name a few.Formed in 1947, the association enables old buddies remain connected and active. \"An annual reunion takes place just before Christmas every year. Over 500 old boys of the school gather from across the country. Meeting old friends is something to be cherished. On the occasion, apart from partying wild, we also re-commit ourselves to serving the Xavier's. A directory of the alumni is also published, so that the alumni remain connected,\" said the association's president, Ravi Nandan Sahay\"The alumni association gives us an opportunity to relive the old days we had spent with our buddies. The bonding even after such a long time is a matter of pride,\" said J K Sinha.The association also organizes poolside parties for the Patna-based alumni. Besides, it also organizes the reunion of golden and silver jubilee batches every year, said Sahay.The association also has a good connect with the school's current students. It organizes various welfare activities for them, with career counselling by the alumni being one of them, said Sahay. Dr Amulya K Singh gives advice on medicine, Vijay Kochar on hotel management, Justice Abhijit Sinha on judiciary, J K Sinha on bureaucracy, Anshul Sinha on banking etc, he added. The association also organizes a blood donation camp annually.SXAA also conducts a free health check-up of the school students by doctors who are Xavier passouts. Through such interactions, the alumni tries to convey to the younger lot the proud legacy of the school, said Sahay. Some of the alumni also offer sports training to the current students.The alumni association also funds various school projects. It contributed to the development of English and Computer labs of the school. It also finances a few poor students of the school, besides giving prizes worth Rs 15,000 annually to toppers of various subjects. Three awards, namely Significant Xaverian award, Fr. J P Wroblewski award and Distinguished Xavieran award are also given away by the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mysore ", "code": "15364474", "title": "One more effort by KRRS to take on mainstream parties in the next elections", "text": "MYSORE : KRRS leaders once again seems to have woken up to the situation to reiterate their efforts to take on casteist, corrupt and moneyed forces allegedly represented by JDS, Congress and BJP in the next assembly elections .KRRS leaders who held their state level executive meeting here on Sunday said they have once again decided to strengthen \"Karnataka Sarvodaya Paksha\"(KSP) which was formed on the eve of 2008 assembly elections.Then many writers, progressive thinkers and leftists supported by KRRS came on a single platform and claimed KSP emerging as an alternative political force on Karnataka's political scene to defeat casteist, corrupt , communal and moneyed BJP, JDS and Congress in the elections.But leaders went into political stupor after the 2009 parliament elections with party failing to make any impact on the electoral prospects of JDS, BJP and Congress. For the reasons best known to them many of the writers and progressive elements slowly disassociated themselves from the KSP.Now with the elections to state assembly round the corner , the KRRS leaders are trying to revive the KSP to involve themselves in an one more bout of electoral battle with the JDS, BJP and Congress.During media briefing session after the meeting KRRS chief K S Puttannaiah admitted that they are failing to make a dent into the political base of these three parties JDS, Congress and BJP.\"Whether do you mean to say that we should keep quiet and submit ourselves meekly to these three anti-people parties\" he asked , adding that one should have a resilience to fight these anti-people forces .Puttannaiah said this time KSP will concentrate on the farmers votes and convince them their strength . \" We may not succeed in the elections , but one should be optimistic\" he said , adding that he has lost elections four times . but he is not disheartened man. \" I am penniless and how you expect me to take on a candidate from JDS , Congress and BJP candidates who spend money in crores in the elections\" he said , adding that however this time KSP is sure of making in roads into the vote base of all these three parties.Many leaders of KRRS from all over the state attended the day long meeting which was intended to rekindle hopes of their poll prospects .Eom mbm time 1820hrs date: 05.08.2012nnnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15367023", "title": "Two drown in Narmada, one body fished out", "text": "VADODARA: Two persons, including a teenager, died when they got dragged away in Narmada river in Nareshwar on Sunday morning. One of the deceased's (Deepak) body was fished out by evening by fire brigade officials. Fire brigade officials have their intensified their search for the other missing person but so far have not been able to find him. The tragedy struck when a family from Surat was on a visit to Nareshwar for picnic.Police said two members of the family went deep inside the river to swim. The duo identified as Deepak Patel, 35, and Shivkumar Patel,13, drowned after a strong current pulled them away. Both were residents of Olpad in Surat. Police said they might have to wait till Monday morning as it would be difficult to continue search operations in night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15360915", "title": "Celebrate Friendship Day with your pet", "text": "Some dog lovers celebrate Friendship Day by tying bands to their pets today. Seriously, it's a dog's life !Pooch lovers are known to celebrate their pets birthdays, take them to salons for pretty makeovers or carry pics of them in their wallets. So, why should Friendship Day bands for dogs come as a surprise to anyone? After all, a dog is supposed to be man's best friend.Take for instance Delhi-based Nishu Khurana, 25, who's always treated Scooby, her pet pooch, as the sibling she never had. \"I'm the only child of my parents and I have always treated Scooby as my best friend. I used to talk to him when I felt lonely,\" she shares. No surprises then than Nishu, who got married recently, will be going to her parents' place in Sonepat to tie Scooby a friendship band today.These aren't one-off cases. This Friendship Day is seriously doggone. Ritika Srivastava has planned the day with Jack, her pet, among other friends. She says, \"Waise toh I have many friends whom I will be tying a friendship band to, but mera best friend is still my pet, Jack.\" So, Jack is going to get special treatment today, even though he may not know why. \"In the morning I will take him for a shower at the vet clinic near my house, and then the whole day he's going to be treated to the foods he likes, especially chocolates,\" says Ritika, adding, \"Although my family finds this behaviour of mine a little weird, I don't care. I am only keen to express my feelings for my pet.\" Ahem.Even Reema Kapoor, 21, has similar plans for her pet, Coke. Friendship Day for Coke and Reema is going to be about pampering the pooch. In fact, she's dedicated the entire day to the furry friend, ignoring any other friends she might have spent this day with otherwise. \"I am going to be with Coke the whole day long, giving him a pedicure and a foam bath, followed by a blow dry,\" she says. And then, of course, she will tie him a friendship band. If this is what they call a dog's life, who would mind it?Jignesh Waghela, a college student from Mumbai, hasn't planned anything as elaborate as the girls for his pet dog, but he has Friendship Day plans for him alright. \"All my cousins are coming to my place to have fun today. Apart from tying each other friendship bands, we will all also tie one band each to the love of our lives, Don, my labrador,\" he shares, adding, \"Since we are seven cousins, uske dono haath bhar jaate hain bands se.\" By \"haath\", Jignesh means the lab's front legs. Jignesh continues, \"Don enjoys this attention a lot. Later in the night all of us, including Don, go for a drive to Marine Drive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358010", "title": "Anyone worried about what\u2019s wrong with our education?", "text": "The debate on the IIT entrance examination refuses to die down. Some IITs claim that the standards will be diluted if the criteria are changed to consider school marks, while the HRD ministry disagrees. Most of the candidates are likely to enter the IIT irrespective of the mode of selection. Alas! JEE has long been defeated by the coaching factories. Those who live in regions that are close to the successful coaching factories have joined the IITs in hundreds. The best-coached students seem to be the most eligible ones to study at IIT. In this situation, an alternative way of selecting students appears relevant.It's rarely the same individual who scores the highest in school, in JEE, IIT, CAT or IIM, lands the highest paying job and goes on to become the most successful professional. There are not many school toppers among our most successful managers or engineers. JEE ranks do not correlate well with the academic performances at IITs. Rarely has the JEE topper finished first in the BTech programme.A far more serious question is how the \"engineers\" are occupied after college? Many seek MBA; a few go to US universities (IITs are not popular for post-graduation). Jobs are sought in the finance sector, \"core sector\" and IT (the largest recruiter of engineering graduates). Now, the core sector does not actually offer technical jobs. Managing production, procuring materials and chasing people for unfinished work are typical tasks. The engineer does not create products. Indian engineers may have put power plants or created railway infrastructure in African and West Asian countries but, in the sphere of product development, our record is dismal. In the first 35 years we bought, copied (with or without permission) and turned out the same products, decade after decade. Even after liberalization in the 90s, new products were rarely developed in India.If the primary occupation of the engineer should be creation, design and development of new products, then the very existence of engineering education in this country looks purposeless. Any general education and training will be enough to manage shop floors and purchasing and to do most of the software jobs. IIMs want a 'eterogeneous' mix of graduates in their classes. Why are we, then, obsessed with engineering education?There is an even more fundamental issue regarding education. The British system of schooling in India started in the 19th century, probably with the aim of creating clerical manpower for the East India Company. It progressed to create civil servants, too, but the primary purpose of education to serve \"people of other countries\" seems to continue! Most of the work in IT companies is to develop software for developed countries. Dull and boring jobs are dumped on us in the belief that money is the prime motivator here while essential services fail to attract people since they pay less.There is no visible concern over shrinking labour and lands for agriculture and vanishing traditional craftsmen. Free lunch is offered to increase enrollment in schools but there is indifference to reports that children cannot read the headlines of a vernacular newspaper and cannot subtract even two-digit numbers. They learn little in the schools and miss out on learning any trade or craft that can fetch them a livelihood. Once i said to some urban college students, \"Ninety per cent of the students seem disinterested in the classroom, at any level.\" They replied that i had underestimated the percentage! Are we then thrusting a whole lot of uninteresting stuff down the throats of millions of youngsters? What for? To receive the education that would fetch employment to serve the aliens?Shouldn't we seek alternatives? Can we reduce the wage disparity between those who work with their hands and those who do 'mental' work? How do we bring about dignity of labour in this country? A Japanese guru of quality spoke about the \"joy of sweating\". Our society, too, had that joy. Why did we lose it to the pleasure of air-conditioned offices to do dumb jobs? Can we nurture those who enjoy working with their hands and not force them to learn by rote? How can we enable each individual to pursue an occupation according to one's aptitude?I do not have answers to the multitude of questions that i have raised but my concerns remain. Will our policy-makers, planners and educationists take a re-look at the path we have travelled so far, do an honest analysis and re-define the goals of human resource development in this country? Maybe we are late but let us proceed on the assumption \"better late than never\".The writer is a professor at IIT Madras", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357412", "title": "Govindas fine-tune climbing skills", "text": "MUMBAI: Barely five days to go before the spectacular dahi handi unfolds on August 10, govinda mandals are putting in hours of intensive practice. Each night, the lanes of Lalbaug-Parel, Chinchpokli, Vile Parle and Jogeshwari come to life with limber athletes, in yellow and saffron tees, practising to build the perfect nine-tier human pyramid.Over at the prize-winning Jai Jawan mandal in Jogeshwari, the gymnasts have assiduously been arriving for two hours every night since one month. \"The period between 9.30pm and 11.30pm is dedicated to practice sessions. We had scaled nine tiers last year and would like to keep the record this season as well,\" says mandal member David Fernandes. The mandal won Rs 15 lakh prize money at Jitendra Awhad's dahi handi in Thane.Coach Sandeep Dhavale's five-year-old son Kiran is the smallest govinda who is training to scale the nine-tier pyramid along with the little Prapti Desai who is of the same age. Helmets and harnesses are part of the uniform, given the numerous attempts they put in each day.The Tadwadi mandal of Mazgaon has recovered from last year's accident when a disastrous fall in Thane on Janmashtami day landed their prized gymnasts in hospital. \"The mandal lost to the competition but this year, everybody from the coach to the small children who crown the pyramid cannot wait to avenge their defeat,\" says govinda Manoj Nande.Coach Arun Patil points out that they successfully tested their smallest participants, including Sneha Patil and Sanika Gaikwad, at a vast Narali Purnima practice show two days ago. The youngsters appeared supremely confident as they scaled seven tiers on their first public outing of the season. \"Only neighbours watch the practice sessions, but this is a time when hundreds of onlookers arrive from all parts of the city. This year, we will show the onlookers smaller handis till the D-Day, when the show will get better,\" he said.Tadwadi was invited to display its acrobatic skills in Pune this year but the hosts were unable to draft the funds required for the outing. \"We would have liked to go Pune because our children would like the exposure. Our previous tour of 1994 was immensely successful and we had done a 'handi' marathon of different venues until 2.30am. The organizers have said they will try to raise the budget the following year,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357857", "title": "Plea in Supreme Court to re-open Mayawati\u2019s assets case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the CBI went back on its initial resolve to seek review of apex court's judegment quashing the disproportionate assets (DA) case FIR against BSP chief Mayawati, a petition was filed on Saturday requesting the Supreme Court to allow the agency to take the case to its logical conclusion.Kamlesh Verma, a UP villager who had intervened in the proceedings before the apex court in the petition filed by Mayawati seeking quashing for the DA case FIR, filed the petition suggesting that the July 6 order of the apex court quashing the investigation done so far by the CBI was based on wrong facts pleaded by the former UP chief minister.The apex court had said that in its July 16, 2003, direction to the CBI to probe into the alleged illegality and irregularity committed by officials and persons in the release of Rs 17 crore for the Taj Heritage Corridor (THC) scam, it had not directed the agency to register an FIR on the alleged DA of Mayawati.What the apex court had objected to in its July 7 judgement was that the CBI had registered the FIR in the DA case showing a Supreme Court official as complainant when there had been no specific direction for lodging an FIR to probe her alleged disproportionate wealth.During the proceedings on Mayawati's petition since 2008, the court had permitted the CBI to file probe status report and the agency in its affidavits had repeatedly said that it had got enough material to file chargesheet against the former CM.Verma's review petition filed through advocate Kamini Jaiswal said more than a year after the direction to probe the THC scam, the apex court on October 25, 2004, had de-linked the DA case FIR from the scam and said: \"In any event, CBI will be entitled to take action on the basis of the investigation as it may think fit.\"Verma said Mayawati had filed the writ petition in the Supreme Court to thwart the investigating agency from filing the chargesheet. \"The judgement under review belies the requirement of public policy that cases of corruption by public servants cannot be dealt by Courts with a technical approach,\" he said.\"Rather, public policy required that even if there was some technical flaw in the investigation, same could not have been given precedence over the overwhelming evidence collected by the CBI against Mayawati,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15364436", "title": "Road safety awareness on Pune-Mumbai expressway", "text": "PUNE: A traffic awareness campaign for safe driving on Mumbai-Pune expressway has been launched by the Rotary Club of Pune NIBM. The club has brought out a leaflet on safe driving on expressway''.Starting August 12, the club will be distributing a total of 10,000 leaflets, printed both in English and Hindi, to the motorists. This is an unique project taken up by Rotary Club of Pune NIBM in view of the high accident rate on the Pune-Mumbai expressway'', said Satish Gujar, director public relations of the club. The traffic awareness campaign has been undertaken in association with a NGO Action for Pune Development'', which has been started by young students.The leaflet includes precautions to be taken on expressway, and also a list of do's and don'ts. It draws the attention of the motorists with details on difference between a highway and a expressway. However, safety tips are applicable for both roads.The leaflet says safety tips should be followed very seriously while driving on the expressway because vehicles are at higher speed on expressway than highway. It gives details about safe driving in lanes, safe overtaking, checking the condition of the tyres, use of seat belts, proper use of indicators, not overspeeding, and totally avoiding drunk driving. The tips also mention that drivers should not use mobile phones, and that they should take proper rest to avoid feeling sleepy. Late night driving should be avoided, the safety tips say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15364746", "title": "Impact on economy due to weak monsoon", "text": "CHENNAI: It's official. With a monsoon deficit being declared, there are concerns of how this would impact the current macro economic dynamics. As per current estimates, seasonal rainfall up to end July for the country as a whole is 19% below the long period average (LPA).But in the last one week, rainfall in the central regions of Vidarba, Madhya Pradesh and central Maharashtra has improved significantly, reducing the extent of rainfall shortage from 22% to 15%. States which continue to remain severely impacted by monsoon deficiency are Gujarat, Haryana and Punjab. In the current scenario, there is a likelihood of a minor drought in 2012.\"Our analysis points towards the south west monsoon remaining insufficient in 2012. The onset of El-Nino phenomenon in August could exacerbate the extent of rainfall deficiency,\" says a recent report by Yes Bank. Empirical estimates suggest that minor drought like conditions could potentially result in close to a 30 bps decline in headline GDP growth. \"This poses a downside risk to our FY13 GDP growth estimate of 6.5%,\" added the report.That's not all, average WPI (wholesale price inflation) could rise by about 40 bps, in case of a minor drought. The actual impact would be contingent upon the administrative response and prevailing import prices for certain commodities like pulses and oilseeds. Though India is not a major importer of most food items, nevertheless, global agricultural commodity prices are under pressure. \"A likely production shortfall in key import commodities, coincident with rising global food prices, can exert a mild negative impact on the domestic economy through somewhat higher imported inflation,\" says the Yes Bank report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356824", "title": "Blindfolded Tibetan struggles to open UN eyes to atrocities", "text": "CHENNAI: Migmat Tenzin remains blindfolded everyday from 9am to 5pm. He has been doing this despite his doctor's advice against it. The message on it reads: Wake up, UN. He and his friend Karma Dhondeep started the blindfold signature campaign on March 10, 2012 on the 53rd anniversary of Tibetan Uprising Day from Dharamsala and plan to cover 62 major cities of India before handing over the signatures in support of a free Tibet to United Nations Human Rights Council.Migmat's feet are scarred after his attempt to immolate himself in front of the Chinese embassy in Delhi in 2008. \"Every Tibetan dreams that he is going to return to Tibet in his lifetime and we believe that justice and truth shall prevail,\" he says. He says it is out of sheer desperation that Tibetans immolate themselves in protest against the Chinese aggression.Dhondeep is overwhelmed by the support he has received from Indian youth. \"Be it students of JNU, Delhi or the Tibetan Students' Association of Madras University, youngsters have always support us,\" he said. The struggle has been inspired by the tenets of Mahatma Gandhi and is essentially non-violent, says Tenzin Ohunstok, president of the Tibetan Students' Association in Chennai.\"For five decades, every protest has been non-violent despite China's belligerence towards peaceful protesters. We believe in the Dalai Lama's method of peaceful talks and China is going to miss a huge opportunity if they don't talk to him,\" he says.On the shape the movement would take after the Dalai Lama, they believe Kalon Tripa (Tibetan Prime Minister-in-exile) Lobsang Sangyey will return and lead the struggle of Tibetans. \"The future of Tibet in the absence of the Dalai Lama is something that would perplex China and India more than us,\" says Dhondeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357824", "title": "Anna's party would be a great blunder", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358308", "title": "Kannauj docs under scanner for sex determination", "text": "LUCKNOW: Doctors and nurses at government women hospital in Kannauj have come under the scanner for their alleged involvement in sex detection, which is against legal and social norms. The allegations have been levelled by ASHA (Accredited social health activist) workers who come under the jurisdiction of the hospital. Taking a note of the matter, chief medical officer, Kannauj, Dr PN Bajpai, has constituted an inquiry in the matter.According to the ASHA worker, the doctors and nurses charged hefty money for terminating pregnancies particularly if they were of unmarried girls. One of them, Rajjo Devi, told reporters that they were threatened of dire circumstances for opening their mouth against them. \"They said that they can easily get me killed, if I raised a voice against them,\" said Rajjo. Her co-worker, Manju Devi said that several nurses and a specialist doctor in the hospital were running the illegal nexus. \"They have the patronage of the head as well,\" she stated.When contacted, CMO, Dr Bajpai, said, \"The allegations are serious and against law. However, we cannot initiate arbitrary action. Therefore a committee has been constituted to look into the matter, and the outcome of which will decide future action.\" It may be noted that sex detection and sex selection have been banned in India through Pre Conception Pre Natal detection techniques (Prevention Of Sex Selection) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "story", "code": "15363283", "title": "Last Bench", "text": "Story: Four friends meet after a long time and walk down the memory lane of their school days.Movie Review: Last Bench heavily relies on one factor - nostalgia. The film overlaps the memories of four young men who attend a friend's wedding after a long time. The narrative is so soaked in memories that the four friends weep, sigh and hug for a considerable part of the film.The friends are weak in studies but good at mischief. Their teachers punish them, classmates are sick of them and their parents belittle them. There is the familiar entry of a new teacher entrusted with the mission of transforming them and a new girl appears as a late admission to facilitate the love-plot.The director leisurely takes his characters through their final day at school. They are framed sitting in the classroom, walking along the veranda, huddling together under a tree and exiting their school very slowly.The characters are so steeped in nostalgia that they end up at their school on the night before the wedding. The frames repeat, the memories flow again until one of the characters is driven by a desire that he had relinquished long ago. Last Bench suffers from its intolerable pre-occupation with the past and the way characters are burdened with feelings of loss, guilt and longing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15365050", "title": "Yet to get an invite from Ramdev: Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna today said it was yet to get an invite from yoga guru Ramdev to join his indefinite protest against blackmoney which begins here this Thursday.\"We have not received any invite yet. When it (invite) comes, we will see,\" Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal told reporters here.His comments came when asked whether Team Anna will attend Ramdev's protest.The comments assume significance against the backdrop of reports that while Ramdev was still planning to turn his agitation political Team Anna pipped him by announcing the formation of a political alternative.Anna Hazare had on March 25 announced that both his team and yoga guru will support and participate in each other's protests. Hazare had earlier said he will join Ramdev's protest.Hazare, Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi attended Ramdev's one-day fast at Jantar Mantar on June three while Ramdev made an appearance at Jantar Mantar during Team Anna's indefinite fast.The relations between them were strained after Team Anna attacked Ramdev for sharing the dais with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi last Sunday. However, the next day Team Anna sought to play down differences saying he was free to meet anyone he wanted to.A section in Team Anna has always been opposed to association with Ramdev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358503", "title": "Senior SI, 5 policemen suspended in Firozabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: In charge of Ramgarh police station of Firozabad, senior sub inspector Aqeel Ghazi and five other constables posted under him were suspended after the former Samajwadi Party leader, who set himself ablaze at the police station following police apathy and suffered severe burns on Friday, succumbed to his injuries at a hospital on Saturday morning. Senior officials also ordered a criminal case to be registered against the suspended SO Ramgarh for provoking someone to commit suicide in connection with the death of the victim.Additional superintendent of police Firozabad, Ratan Kant Pandey said further action will be initiated against the said SO, once the FIR is lodged and investigations into the case begin. He said the Ramgarh police station has been directed to initiate stringent action against whom Shabbu had lodged a complaint within the next 24 hours. In case, the accused are absconding, the police have been directed to seek legal opinion on initiating proceedings for attaching their property through proper court orders. Late, in the evening the burial of Shabbu was performed under a heavy police cover. Frustrated over police apathy, a former Samajwadi Party leader Shabbu doused himself in kerosene and set himself at the Ramgarh police station in Firozabad accusing the police of not initiating action on his complaint against a local shopkeeper. tnnOnce an active member of SP, Shabbu (26) had complained against a local meat seller and his associates of flouting the norms regarding meat business. While, the police allegedly sat on the complaint, the accused got a wind of Shabbu's plans and even threatened him of dire consequences. Frustrated over this, Shabbu set himself ablaze on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358230", "title": "Tandon alleges foul play over omission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Peeved over not being invited for the inauguration of projects which were initiated by former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Lucknow MP Lalji Tandon claimed that his omission was deliberate as the Congress ministers were scared that he would speak out against the corruption in such projects. Citing the inauguration of Lucknow's new airport terminal and Shaheed Path in the state capital to back his claim, Tandon demanded a CBI inquiry into the \"corruption\" that have plagued these projects.\"The walls of the newly constructed airport that was sanctioned by the NDA government when Atalji was the PM have started leaking. They have not been able to sustain even the first monsoon,\" Tandon said, and added, \"I have concrete knowledge that the central ministers issued instructions to officials to ensure that I am kept away from such functions, ignoring protocol and established precedents about the presence of the local MP at such functions. While I was not invited and nor was the Lucknow (East) MLA Kalraj Mishra , in whose constituency the Shaheed Path opens into, while MPs and MLAs from adjoining Mohanlalganj constituency were present.\"Tandon said, soon after he had landed in Lucknow on Friday, he started getting calls from the residents of Gomtinagar, where the monsoons have exposed how lopsided developmental activities has resulted in waterlogging. \"The National Highway Authority of India's projects are on in the area. The mud that has accumulated near the project site during monsoons moved into the colonies, blocking drains and causing waterlogging,\" Tandon said.\"Under the JNNURM scheme nearly Rs 1,500 crore has so far been sanctioned for laying sewer lines and ensuring that there is no water logging. Yet, nothing has happened,\" Tandon said.Hitting out at the anti graft activists, Tandon said they started talking against corruption initially and got unprecedented support. Now, they are talking of Jan Lokpal as the single cure for corruption. \"I don't know whether they want Lop Pal to run the government or what,\" Tandon said.\"The BJP has been the only political party that has been constantly raising the issue of corruption from the Parliament to the streets,\" he said when quizzed on Team Anna's political talk, and refused to dwell further on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15351423", "title": "Paresh Rawal collapses during play performance", "text": "Actor Paresh Rawal , who was in Pune on Friday, had to cut short his play performance due to ill health.The actor suffered a nasty bout of food poisoning and collapsed backstage half an hour into the performance. On being revived and given oral rehydration, he did want to get back in the act but was instead taken to Jehangir hospital for further check-ups.Dr C B Koppiker of the non-profit organisation that had organised the play said: \"He had diarrhoea and was dehydrated. We gave him oral rehydration and medication before the show and even suggested that we postpone it by half an hour, but he refused and wanted to go ahead with it as he didn't want to disappoint the people gathered.\"Less than 30 minutes into the show, Paresh went backstage and collapsed. Another member of the organisation, Laleh Busheri, said, \"He said he had eaten fish in Mumbai and that caused the food poisoning. Dr Koppiker took him to hospital to rule out anything else as his pulse was low and he was extremely dehydrated and sweating profusely.\" The audience too was very supportive and concerned about the actor, Laleh added.Now, the actor is absolutely fine. \"I am feeling alright and will definitely be back in Pune for another performance,\" said Paresh.Dr Koppiker confirmed: \"I got an SMS from Paresh at about 1.30-2 am on Saturday that he's fine and has reached Mumbai safely. Even after collapsing, he wanted to get back to his performance but we had to restrain him as we couldn't take a chance.He has promised to give us another date for the play in a day or two and we've asked everyone to retain their Dr Koppiker confirmed: \"I got an SMS from Paresh at about 1.30-2 am on Saturday that he's fine and has reached Mumbai safely. Even after collapsing, he wanted to get back to his performance but we had to restrain him as we couldn't take a chance. He has promised to give us another date for the play in a day or two and we've asked everyone to retain their passes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "15358043", "title": "Two mining mafia men held for attacking TV crew", "text": "ALWAR: Two men, allegedly associated with a mining mafia gang, were arrested for attacking a TV reporter and a cameraman while they were covering illegal mining activities in Behror area in the district. IG, Jaipur range, Saurabh Srivastava has ordered an inquiry into the allegations that policemen were witness to the kidnap and beating of the reporter and did not take any action as they were hand-in-glove with the people involved in illegal mining.According to the reports, a TV reporter and a cameraman had gone to a village in Behror area for coverage of illegal mining on Friday. They were shooting the mining activities when a man came to them and asked them to stop it.When the cameraman did not stop the recording, a dozen people surrounded them and started beating up the reporter. As per the reporter's allegations, some policemen were present there but did not intervene. These men then kidnapped the cameraman who was recovered by the police two hours later.The police have arrested two men -- Rajpal and Girdhari -- under Sections 343, 341, 379 and 141 of IPC.It was alleged that the policemen at the station provided a VIP treatment to the two accused as food from a nearby hotel was severed to them. \"Circle officer Lalchand Kayal has been asked to probe these allegations and prepare a report regarding this. If allegations are proved, stringent action will be taken against the guilty policemen,\" said SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358833", "title": "Water released from Khadakwasla dam", "text": "PUNE: The collective water storage in the four dams that supply water to the city rose to 15.03 TMC (51.36% of their total storage capacity) on Saturday.The storage level at the Khadakwasla dam reached its maximum capacity, following which the irrigation department released water in the Mutha river at the rate of 428 cusec on Saturday.Water is already being released at the rate of 1,300 cusec in the Mutha right bank canal, which brings water to Pune, Daund and Indapur.An official from the irrigation department said water was being released in the river as the dam had reached its maximum capacity. Water will be released in the canal for the next five days, while the release in the river will be discontinued in the next couple of days.The catchment areas of the dams registered significant rainfall in the last four days, but the rain intensity decreased on Saturday.Dam Water storage Saturday's rainfall (6am to 6pm) Rainfall since JuneTemghar 1.37 TMC (36.98%) 18 mm 1,473 mmVarasgaon 6.07 TMC (47.37%)13 mm 1,401 mmPanshet 5.61 TMC (52.70%) 9mm 1,285 mmKhadakwasla 1.98 TMC (100%) 2 mm 275 mmTotal 15.03 TMC (51.56% of total collective capacity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15358031", "title": "Two boys go missing from dargah area", "text": "AJMER: Twenty days after a six-month-old boy was stolen by a woman from the dargah of Khawaja Moinuddin Chishty here, two more children went missing within two hours on Friday from the area. One of the mothers registered a case of abduction while the other made missing person's complaint with the Dargah police station. Both the missing children had come to Ajmer with their mothers.According to police, Nafeesa (35) of Maharashtra's Nagpur district had a fight with her husband and left her house with their two-year-old son Sameer to Ajmer. She left her 15-year-old daughter with her parents and reached Ajmer on Wednesday. She met a man (38) at railway station. He told Nafeesa that he also belongs to Maharashtra and resident of Galgav and they started conversation. He promised to show Ajmer as well as arrange a worship in the dargah,\" Vishnu Samtani, deputy SP of dargah region, said.Nafeesa stayed with the man in a mosque near Anasager and visited different places. \"Today afternoon, they planned to walk to Taragargh and rest in a hotel near the dargah,\" he said.\"The man asked Nafeesa to buy some food for herself and her son to eat during the walk but he himself refrained saying he is on a fast,\" Samtani said.For buying food, he gave to a free food coupon to Nafeesa. \"I left my luggage and son Sameer with him and went to buy the food. After some 10 minutes I returned, but I found the man, my son missing along with the luggage,\" Nafeesa said in her complaint. She tried to find her son and the man in the dargah and the nearby region but was unable to trace him.After her complaint, police swung on action. \"We found a footage of the man from the dargah CCTV but his face is not seen properly. We have searched the railway station and the bus stand and also alerted different police stations,\" Samtani said. Police also went to the mosque where the man and Nafeesa had stayed to get some information on him but as he was new and had not disclosed his name or identity, they were unsuccessful in getting a clue.In another incident, Anita from Kanpur came to Ajmer to offer prayers in the dargah along with her seven-year-old son Subodh. \"She was staying in a hotel and today afternoon when she stopped in front of a shop to listen to the prayers on a video, she found her son missing,\" police said.\"I looked for him everywhere but was unable to find him,\" Anita told police. She gave a photograph of her son to the police.The two missing children in the dargah region shocked the local people and SP Rajesh Meena visited the place and took reports of the missing children. On July 17, a six-month-old boy was stolen from the dargah premises which shocked police and the following day, a woman was found stealing the boy and was later recovered from a border village of Bikaner district. The woman was also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15366448", "title": "Pak police parade man, woman naked through streets", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a shocking incident, a man and a woman arrested on charges of \"intent to commit adultery\" were paraded naked by police through a town in Sindh province of southern Pakistan , promoting authorities to arrest four policemen involved in the case.Mumtaz Mirbahar, a trader, and a woman were arrested by police in Gambat town in Sindh on July 27. They were forced to walk naked through the town to the police station.Police and local residents filmed the incident, BBC Urdu reported.Grainy footage on the BBC Urdu website showed policemen preventing Mirbahar and the woman from putting on their clothes after being arrested.After the incident came into light, four policemen, including a police station chief, were arrested today for stripping and parading them, officials said.Special Superintendent of Police Irfan Baloch said raids were being conducted to nab two more policemen who were involved in the incident.The police station chief and two assistant sub-inspectors had been suspended after the media reported that police had forced the man and woman to walk naked through the streets.Baloch claimed a police team had raided a suspected brothel and allegedly caught the man and woman committing adultery.The police department is looking into accusations that the couple was made to walk naked to the police station, he said. \"If the police accused of treating the couple in an inhuman manner are found guilty, they will not be spared.\"Earlier, Mirbahar said he was the victim of a conspiracy and that the woman had been brought by the policemen. He said they were both made to walk for over half a kilometre while several persons, including policemen, filmed them.Mirbahar subsequently obtained bail from a local court though the woman continues to be in jail, the report said.He filed a petition in the Sindh High Court that will be heard on August 8.Residents of Gambat told BBC that they had tried to stop the policemen from forcing Mirbahar and the woman to walk naked through the town but they did not listen.The report said another woman was arrested along with the duo but she was not paraded naked.The policemen acted as both complainants and witnesses in the case registered against Mirbahar.The policemen claimed they were informed by an informant that Mirbahar had invited two women to his home for \"sexual favours\".Witnesses said the naked woman was forced into a police van while Mirbahar was made to walk in front of the vehicle all the way to the police station. The second woman was fully clothed, they said.After reports of the incident emerged today, three policemen were suspended in connection with the incident.Gambat is part of Khairpur district, which is home to Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357429", "title": "'Probe must focus on sequence of events'", "text": "MUMBAI: With the police having largely determined the death of Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle as \"accidental deaths\", experts say the course of probe will have to focus on the sequence of events that caused the \"accident\".The arrival of the siblings' parents, Gayasuddin and Farzana, may not significantly help the probe. The leisurely pace of investigation coupled with the initial neglect of procedural formalities by the police, the family doctor who signed Rameez's death certificate as well as the coroner who did not preserve Rehab's viscera have alreadyhad an adverse impact on the case. The police have little evidence to tie the case to foul play by homicide or suicide, and are treating the twin deaths as accidental.However, with Rehab's stomach wash revealing that aluminum phosphide had been ingested, medical experts are raising questions about the food that the siblings consumed on the night of July 3-4. \"The police have inferred that Rameez's death was caused in similar circumstances given that the symptoms were the same. If that is so, it would be pertinent to find out why food was prepared on the day that pest control was conducted and whether it was left uncovered and allowed to cool before being refrigerated,\" said a doctor.Farzana had told TOI that she had cooked 'kanda poha' and French toast on the morning of July 3, put in the refrigerator and reheated the food in the microwave at night. She is yet to be questioned in detail.Amin Solkar, lawyer for pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar who has been booked for culpable homicide, questioned the family's dual negligence in not leaving the house for 24 hours after bedbug treatment.Meanwhile, exhumation is a possibility that has been put on the backburner owing to family sentiments. TOI spoke to attendants at a burial ground who opined that remains decompose faster during the monsoon. Within six months, most graves are turned over to make space for new arrivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357039", "title": "Power shutdown on Monday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended from 9am to 5.30pm on Monday for maintenance work.Mannady: Armenian St, Katchaleeswaran Agraharam, Mooker Nallamuthu St, Vanniar St, Iyyappa Chetty St, Vengata Mastri St, Mannady St, Sowrimuthu St, Muthumari St, Post Office St, Nainaiappan St, Coral Marchant St, Ramasamy St, New St, Chellamuthu lane, Harbour Exchange, Chennai Customs, Thambu Chetty St, Muthu St, Lingi Chetty St, Mallieswaram Koil, North St, Narayanappa St, Angappa Naikan St, National Hospital, Jaffer Sarang St, Krishnan Koil St, Wavoo Mansion, North Beach Rd 2, 3, 4th St, Gopal Chetty St, Vada Marakkayar St, Marakkayar Labbai St, Sembudoss St, Jones St &amp; Lane, BRdway Rd, Davidsons St, Achariappan St, Kandappa St, Chinnathambi St, Anna Pillai St, Adiayappan St, Arumandrayan Koil St, Malayaperumal St, Singar St, Anderson St.Choolai: Part of Sydenhams Rd, Deppo St, PT Mudhali St, Part of Sami Pillai St, AP Rd, Hunters Lane, General Collins Rd, Madex St, VV Koil St, Kuravan Kulam, Subbaha Naidu St, Outdoor &amp; Indoor Stadium, Apparao Garden, Periya Thambi St, Andiyappan St, Anandha Krishnan St, PK Mudhali St.Sidco Nagar: Sidco Ngr 1 to 10th blocks, Agathiyar Ngr, Annai Sathya Ngr, Sidco Indl., Balrampuram, Rajaji Ngr, Rajamangalam, North &amp; South Jeganathan Ngr, GKM Colony, Redhills Rd, Thiru Ngr, Thirumangalam Rd, New Avadi Rd, MTH Rd, Sivan Koil West &amp; North Mada St, Thiruvenkadam St, Lakshmipuram.Rajbhavan: Tamilnadu Housing Board, Raj Bhavan Colony, Kannigapuram, Periyar Ngr, Ambedkar Ngr, Indira Gandhi Ngr, Vandiakaran Rd, Nehru Ngr, Kamarajapuram, Part of Mount Rd, Muthiyal St, Renganathan St, Basiyam layout, Narasingapuram, Velachery Rd, Sardar Patel Rd, Race Course Rd, Chakrapani Rd.Ayyapanthangal: Kattupakkam, Paraniputhur, Karampakkam, Part of- Valasaravakkam, Arcot Rd, Vanagram, Samayapuram, MPL Rd, Officer Colony Rajeswari Colony, Thirumurugan Ngr, Chittiyaragram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "15365047", "title": "Three mobiles recovered from 6 inmates of Mansa jail", "text": "MANSA: Close on the heels of a Mansa jail inmate threatening an outsider of dire consequences if demand of ransom is not met through mobile phone now Mansa police has recovered three mobile phones from 6 under trail inmates. Police is investigating how the mobiles were taken inside and how these were kept secretly. With recovery of 3 mobiles in one go the working of jail authorities too has come under scanner.Mansa sadar SHO Buta Singh said \"three mobiles phone have been recovered from barrack number upon searching. The police had made searches on the complaint of jail higher authorities\". The inmates from whom mobiles have been recovered are facing charges of snatchings, dacoity. Sources said the inmates were remaining in contact with criminals through mobiles phones despite being arrested. The inmates have been identified as Makhan Singh, Kuldeep Singh, Ajaib Singh, Gurlal Singh of village Raipur, Harpreet Singh of Jagaram Tirath and Kamaljit Singh of Budhlada. The sim cards are learnt to have been purchased on different names.Only recently another inmates had called Amit Kumar of Bareta in Mansa for ransom and and threatened to eliminate if the demand is not met.Mansa Jail superintendent Jagir Singh said \"during searches on Saturday we have found mobiles in barrack number 5 (basically meant for ladies but as no lady is inside, the men have been kept in this barrack) and accordingly had informed the police, which after recovering three mobiles has registered case against six inmates\". Jail superintendent confirmed about a month ago too an inmate had threatened an outsider from jail but then he was not posted here. He said the role of insiders too is being investigated from reaching of mobiles in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364405", "title": "Court to hear Adarsh case on Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: The special CBI court will hear the Adarsh housing society scam case on Monday. On July 23, the court had enquired with the prosecution on the status of the Public Interest Litigation filed in the scam.The court then scheduled the hearing after the Bombay high court was to hear the PIL on August 3. On July 4, the CBI filed the over 10,000 pages document before the registrar of the sessions court.The court is expected to take cognizance of the chargesheet on Monday. The CBI had booked the accused for criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal misconduct under sections 120(B) and 420 of Indian Penal Code and section 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The chargehseet names 12 of the 14 people named in the FIR, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan , former principal secretary (urban development) Ramanand Tiwari and former BMC chief Jairaj Phatak. Two names in the FIR that are not in the chargesheet are Lt Gen (Retd) P K Rampal and Brig (Retd) Romesh Chander Sharma.The chargesheet includes a new name, that of Col (Retd) R K Bakshi, who CBI officials said misled the Pune-based Southern Command by saying that the prime Colaba plot had not been under Army occupation. The CBI was to receive sanction to prosecute two serving bureaucrats-finance secretary Pradeep Vyas and Phatak. The sanction is sought from the Department of Personnel and Training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15367015", "title": "Faculty of Technology and Engineering gears up to host Paramarsh '12 in September", "text": "VADODARA: Budding engineers of M S University's Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE) will organize 'Paramarsh' - the biggest non-technical event of west zone this year between September 14 and September 16.This year, Paramarsh is being organized by students with 19 new and unique events categorized in seven different categories. From 'Your Day: The Oratorical Arena', 'Biz-O'-Neur: The Young Turks Hub', 'Auction House- Mock bidding' to online events, the 2012 edition of Paramarsh promises to both hone skills of students and a fun-filled platform.Under the category of 'The Oratorical Arena', students have planned events like 'Cat-as-trophe' (a group discussion), 'Block-n-tackle' (debate), 'The Showdown' (paper presentation) and 'The LexIcons' (based on vocabulary).\"Keeping in mind the increasing interest of students in techno-commercial exams, we have introduced new events like 'The LexIcons' to stress knowledge of English vocabulary. Through this we will offer the students an opportunity to improve their vocabulary. In this competition, other than the vocabulary with fun part, presence of mind, general knowledge and the vocabulary of students will be also checked. The participant will have to use his general yet unique knowledge of words to move ahead in this game,\" says FTE student Ameya Dixit.These apart, there will be events like 'The 22nd Yard' which will introduce cricket in a new format, 'Wall-E-Ball' which is different from the normal volleyball as an opaque black cloth is kept instead of a net.\"We will be organsing 'Goonj', a street play for social cause where students will give the call of social awakening on topics such as unemployment , corruption, female infanticide among others. Similarly, '9!- Mathematical treasure hunt' will provide the participants opportunity to do a treasure hunt by solving clues based on application of basic maths,\" adds Dixit.The three days' extravaganza will also include 'Smokin' Aces- War Of the Bands', 'Biz-mantra- multi stage treasure hunt', 'The Prime suspect- crime scene investigation', 'Etch-a-sketch' and 'W3 hunt- the online treasure hunt'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "earlier this week indian physicist ashoke sen was awarded the newly established fundamental physics prize which is worth $3 million. one of the nine physicists honoured with the prize which has been instituted by russian entrepreneur and venture capitalist yuri milner, sen has bagged it for his contributions in the field of string theory. he tells gitanjali dang that theoretical physics research doesn't need elaborate infrastructure", "code": "15357934", "title": "The $3 million prize may draw people to physics", "text": "Earlier this week Indian physicist Ashoke Sen was awarded the newly established Fundamental Physics Prize which is worth $3 million. One of the nine physicists honoured with the prize which has been instituted by Russian entrepreneur and venture capitalist Yuri Milner, Sen has bagged it for his contributions in the field of string theory. He tells Gitanjali Dang that theoretical physics research doesn't need elaborate infrastructure:What drew you to theoretical fundamental physics?My father was a physics teacher - that helped to some extent. Besides, when I was growing up, physics used to be the most popular subject. In my batch, five of the top 10 rank-holders in the higher secondary exam took up physics.You're based in Allahabad and are attached to the Harish-Chandra Research Institute. Is world-class research possible in India?It works differently for different fields, but for theoretical physics it's very vibrant. There are several world-class theoretical physicists working out of India. One doesn't need any fantastic infrastructure for theoretical physics. A computer with a good internet connection works just fine. So as far as I'm concerned, yes, India is conducive.I've been at the Harish-Chandra Research Institute since 1995. In addition to my research, which focuses on string theory, I also teach MSc and PhD students. We have a good group of physicists working here and I appreciate the pace of life in Allahabad and at the institute.How did you get to know of your award? Does it require you to fulfill any obligations toward the Fundamental Physics Prize?I had no idea about any of this. The first I learnt of it was when Yuri Milner called to inform me. I've been awarded for my work on string theory in general. More specifically, the citation states that it's for my work on duality in string theory.No, there are no obligations. However, this year's nine winners will be invited to be on the jury of the next award. Of course, it makes sense to contribute to the process by being on the jury next time around but there's no commitment vis-a-vis the same.Do you think the prize money will draw public attention towards physics?In my opinion, a lot of Indian parents tend to dissuade their children from taking up physics, so for them an award like this might be an incentive. It's inevitable and not necessarily a bad thing. However, if the youth were to start getting into physics only to have access to the prize money, then that would defeat the purpose.How does the discovery of the Higgs boson impact your research?It's one of the great discoveries of our time. Its discovery has been eagerly awaited since the time Peter Higgs, the British theoretical physicist, proposed the Higgs boson 50 years ago. It tells us that standard model and string theory are correct and that I and every other theoretical physicist who has been working under the assumption that it exists are not on the wrong path after all.There are already some comparisons being made between the Nobel Prize and Fundamental Physics Prize. Most of these comparisons focus on the prize money. Is that fair?These are two very different awards. The Nobel Prize is more general whereas the Fundamental Physics Prize is specifically for theoretical physicists. Furthermore, the Nobel requires experimental verification of proposed hypothesis, whereas the Fundamental Prize does not and, in doing so, it urges physicists to take inspired leaps that might not be immediately verifiable.Do you think the absence of verification could result in grandiose claims?No, and this is where peer review comes in. Consequently, it's good thinking to invite this year's winners to be on the jury for the next prize.There's an ongoing debate which claims that disciplines like mathematics and theoretical physics, since they are not chiefly reliant on empirical observation, are as philosophical, if not more, as science. Comment.The fact that a subject is mathematical does not necessarily mean that it is only philosophical and devoid of scientific value. For example, the Higgs boson was predicted about 50 years ago based purely on the requirement of mathematical consistency of the theory. It was discovered very recently.So while we shall all be very happy to see experimental verification of string theory, given that the current experimental facilities cannot produce the kind of energy that is needed for testing string theory, or more generally quantum gravity, we have to follow the next best alternative, i.e. to use theoretical reasoning to understand nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15365002", "title": "Child Rights and You (CRY) opposes BMC's public-private partnership model for civic schools", "text": "MUMBAI: Child Rights and You has opposed the BMC's decision to allow public-private partnership in the management of BMC schools. The PPP model does not present a permanent solution to the challenges faced in running these schools, said the well-known NGO in a press release.According to estimates, at least 4.5 lakh children annually attend the 1,167 primary and secondary schools run by the BMC.It is the duty of the government to provide free, equal education. It should not be 'outsourcing' this task to the private sector through the PPP model. The authorities should focus on improving the quality and accessibility of the government's own free schools. The need of the hour, in fact, is to expand and improve government schools because they are public resources - they belong to the people of this country,'' it said.There are a large number of government schools such as the Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas that offer excellent education, comparable to the best institutions in the world. If the Kendriya and Navodaya Vidyalayas, with adequate investment, can be great institutes of learning, there is no reason why other government-run schools cannot do the same with adequate investment, accountability and quality parameters in place,'' stated a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358454", "title": "Friendship Day: Every time, every minute... sakha tumhi", "text": "PATNA: \"Friends forever, friends forever, friends are the single most extraordinary people in the world...\" Nidhi Kumari quoted from a song on the eve of Friendship Day which, she said, she will celebrate by going out for lunch with her best friends, Rupali and Neha.The first Sunday of August is celebrated as Friendship Day across the globe. A day of friends, it holds a special place in almost everyone's heart.Gaurav, an MBA student residing in Kankarbagh, along with his friend Ranu plans to enjoy the day at Eco Park. Payal Singh, a student of architecture, said, \"Nothing much. I'll just hang out with friends.\" Her sister Noopur, a BCom, reiterated her sister's words.In the past few years, the ways of celebration have changed. While the craze for friendship bands is now limited mostly to teenagers and schoolchildren, the college-goers use cards, SMSes and social networking sites to let their friends know that, as Rishika said, \"tumhi ho bandhu, sakha tumhi\".K C Agrawal of Gift Emporium at Maurya Lok Complex admitted the friendship bands had not been much in demand this year. Ashok Anand of Pehnawa Boutique added, \"Friendship bands are no longer as popular as they were previous years.\" According to Sunil, a shop owner in Maurya Lok, other items such as cards, friendship scrolls and quotation books are selling like hot cakes these days.\"I am not much into friendship day. I will wish my friends on facebook. That's all,\" said Ritu, a 2nd year BA student. Salma, a final year BCom student, philosophized, \"Friendship Day holds a special meaning but it is definitely not the only day to have fun with friends. If you're blessed with good friends, every day is a celebration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15364716", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industry to organise two-day education excellence programme", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Confederation of Indian Industry will host a two-day education excellence programme- for school leadership team on August 6 and 7 at the Tata Consultancy Services office in Lucknow.Organised by the Northern Region Task Force on Skills and Education, the programme is have private, public and under privileged schools from across the state participating. The programme will be conducted and lead by Dr A Senthil Kumaran, principal counsellor at CII's Institute of Quality in Bangalore.Aimed at grooming school leadership teams, the two-day event will focus on creating neo-age leaders adept in and attuned to the changing needs of the education system. Co-chairman, CII, Northern Region Task Force on Skills and education, Jayant Krishna said the rapid increase in the number of schools and higher expectations of the stakeholders in the past decade has brought in competitiveness among schools.Today's education leaders have a position of great responsibilities that can include setting educational standards, goals, policies, developing academic programmes and staff supervision as the new-age education system demands much more than just teaching-learning. Saying that all stakeholders are now looking beyond the conventional jigsaw, school are now aspiring to provide holistic education.On the part of the students, the schools are now looking at equipping them with a wealth of information and value systems so that they can face the world with confidence. On the part of other stakeholders, remuneration, work satisfaction, opportunities are being looked as prime driving aspects which will help the institution grow in line with its vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15357254", "title": "Lawyers fear loss of fee", "text": "TRICHY: D Bharatha Chakravarthy, trainer, Tamil Nadu Mediation and Conciliation Centre, Madras high court, told TOI that some lawyers feared they might lose the fat fees they would otherwise get when a dispute takes a long time to settle. If a case were amicably settled through the ADR process, half of the court fee would anyway be refunded, but lawyers generally aim for higher stakes.Though a majority of both the bar and bench considered ADR the best method to avoid clogging of cases, it has not yet gained acceptance. Even the success rate is minimal. Chakravarthy, who has dealt with about 500 cases so far since the system was introduced, said statistics were not important as the awareness that people could be judges of their own disputes was low. \"Three out of seven cases referred are successfully settled through mediation,\" he pointed out. The mediators appointed by the high court are paid a nominal Rs 1,000 per case irrespective of how long the case might take.While Madras HC judge B Rajendran said the mediation process was nothing but a \"panchayat system\", trainer Chakravarthy went a step further to say that India was best suited for this system because \"our people are most intelligent in problem solving and resolving issues.\" Interestingly, judges themselves cannot double up as mediators. Making reference to a news channel that had gone to England to settle a dispute, he said, \"Now, the time has come to reverse the process by exporting law and importing litigation.\" Mediation is lauded because it helps litigants retain the power to make decisions in a given case. In cases of commercial and family disputes, ADR is considered suitable. Chakravarthy said, \"This is because 40% of the cases are due to misunderstanding which is tantamount to lack of understanding. Once the litigants are given an emotional platform, half the battle is won.\" Here, the most important thing is that people value their own values, he explained. Another trainer Uma Ramanathan said mediators should never coerce, bulldoze or order the litigants. Whatever was admitted in the mediation process was confidential. Once an agreement is reached in the mediation centre, it then goes to the court for passing of decree in accordance with law. The trainers said a centre would soon be set up in Trichy which now has an adalat that most deals with accident and family disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14525870", "title": "11 Men you must never court", "text": "You are the hottest chick in town and your popularity is at its peak in the college. And when that's the situation, you know how easy it is for guys to fall for you.However, it's wise to be choosy about who you are going to hang around with. If you are looking for a relationship, then it helps to keep away from these kind of men.Delicate darlings: This man think he has to be handled with care. There's no masculinity whatsoever about this guy. If your guy spends more time in front of the mirror and beauty spas than you, then you know what to expect \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he would much rather admire his style than look at you. So no compliment for you girl!Judgmental: Although it's easy to say get into a relationship with an open mind, this man draws his conclusions based on your past life. He will convince you with his theories that will make you die of guilt.Sports is my first love: Or so he claims. Yes, we all know men love sports than anything else and given a choice between going to a theatre with you and watching a sports event, he will definitely choose the latter. No matter the crisis, he wouldn't want to fix it until the match is over! Girl, you won't get his attention for sure.Stingy: There's absolutely no sense of chivalry in him. He would not like to spend a single pie on you. He wouldn't even agree to go dutch. It's you and you spending all the way. In fact, you would be expected to provide for all his needs including, food, clothing at times even shelter in terms of paying rent for his apartment!Now, why would you want to do that?Never content: This guy is constantly cribbing about you. He has a problem with most of your qualities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it your hairstyle, the way you talk or even giggle. He will make you feel miserable.A happy past: This guys rests on his past glories. He's forever talking about what a great football player he was and how he is a gift to the mankind. He can go on and on about his past achievements but refuse to talk about the task at hand.Self-centered: He's so full of himself. At every given opportunity, he will want to establish the fact that he's better than you. You don't want to end up feeling like a burden to Mother earth!Deceptive: He's the flirtatious type and would want to woo every good looking girl on the planet. If you don't want to sing 'Unbreak my heart' like Toni Braxton , then stay away from this guy.Possessive types: A guy telling the girl 'you were born for him'...rings a bell?Yep! heard this before in film songs. However, it sounds good only on reel and not in real life. It's good to know someone loves you so much, but not to the extent of giving up your personal space. He hates it when you want to holiday with your BFF. He wants all your time and attention to himself. Already feeling suffocated? You bet!Suspicious devils: Irrespective of how loyal you are to him, he has a feeling at the back of his mind that you are still in touch with your Ex, you are cheating on him. He detests you talking to other men. He hates to see you happy. He constantly fights with you over a trivial issue such as keeping your phone busy. Spare yourself the horror!Mission possible: Dating this guy would be disastrous to say the least. It means giving up self-respect. Although he fell in love with you for your style, he will change all that about you soon as you begin your relationship. Only a few months into the relationship and you already feel like a different person. There's nothing 'you' about you. You have stopped being yourself so much so that you practically cease to exist! Your friends tell you how much you have changed since you started dating the guy. He decides your hairstyle, wardrobe, the books you read, music you listen to, movies you watch and even the people you hang around with... Phew! Where are you?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358518", "title": "Tipplers 'trip' over high-end brands", "text": "PATNA: Liquor market in the state capital has lately witnessed a distinct shift towards high-end brands.\"This is not the season for rum. This is an ideal season for whisky and vodka,\" said Patna Liquor Association president Nawal Kishore Singh as he talked about the change in people's taste. Foreign beer brands, he added, are catching the fancy of youngsters and bringing in good business. \"Of the liquor market, beer generally accounts for 20% share, whisky and vodka 60%, rum 15 % and others 5%. The demand pattern fluctuates with season,\" he added.He said vodka has become popular in the city, particularly because it's colourless and one can take it anywhere by diluting it with mineral water. \"With the month of Sawan coming to an end, during which the religiously inclined refrain from non-vegetarian food and drinks, liquor shops have seen a straight 40% growth in business,\" he said.Ravindra Tiwari, manager of a city-based lounge bar, said the new concept of lounge is taking roots in Patna. Youngsters throng the lounge bars but the business and executive class still prefers to get tipsy while driving, at house parties, in clubs or elegant hotels of the city. He said, \"Young girls are also coming out for drinks. However, most of them are professionals who can buy their own drink. Women mostly come in between 6 and 8 in the evening in small groups.\" Talking about the popular liquor among women, he said, \"Our women customers largely prefer vodka to other drinks.\"Deepak Sharma, assistant manager (sales) with an insurance company, who gets a fat pay packet, is fond of weekend parties in his flat. His friends too love his parties and never miss it. Reason? He serves both good liquor and food. Lately, there is a demand for extending the selling time of liquor from 10pm to 11pm. \"At the moment, we are not thinking of anything like this,\" remarked a source in the Patna district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358051", "title": "FIRs against MLM company, directors in judicial custody", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur police and other agencies, it seems have not been able to tighten noose around the mushrooming multi-level marketing companies that are fleecing customers through their schemes. In yet another case of money swindling at least three fresh FIRs have been lodged against a multi-level marketing company which has allegedly swindled nearly Rs 15 lakh from three investors.The company's directors have already been arrested and is under judicial custody as four other FIRs were already lodged against the company earlier.\"Three complainants from various parts of the city have lodged a case of cheating against Rajiv Verma and Neelam Verma, the directors of Avni Trade Private Limited in which they stated that the company has duped them of nearly Rs 5 lakh each in the name of giving good returns on their investments,\" said an officer with the Jyoti Nagar police station on Saturday.Jaipur police in April 2012 had unearthed the racket of Avni Trade Private Limited when four FIRs were lodged by different investors. The police had arrested all the three directors of the company.One of the complainants Keshvdutt, a native of Kalwar village has stated that he had invested Rs 5 lakh, however, he failed to get a single penny from the company. Similarly, others including Niranjan a native of Baba Harishchandra Marg and Guddi a resident of Nataniyon Ka Raasta have also lost Rs 6.45 and Rs 3.30 lakh, respectively.\"Both the directors are already in judicial custody. With three fresh FIRs the total number of cheating cases against the company is now seven. A special team of crime branch is going to investigate the fraud,\" a senior officer said.Police have lodged separate cases against the directors including Rajiv Verma, Neelam Verma and Kunal Ghai in this connection.EomJaipur: It appears that the Jaipur police and concerned agencies have not been able to tighten a noose on the mushrooming multi level marketing companies who are fleecing the customers through their scheme. In a yet another case of money swindling at least three fresh FIR have been lodged against a multi level marketing company which has allegedly swindled nearly Rs 15 lakhs from three investors.The director of the company was already arrested by the police and is under judicial custody as four other FIRs were already logged against the company earlier.\"Three complainants of various parts of the city have lodged a case of cheating against Rajiv Verma and Neelam Verma the directors of the Avni Trade Private limited in which they stated that the company has duped them nearly Rs 5 lakh each in the name of giving good returns on their investments,\" said an officer with the Jyoti Nagar police station on Saturday.It may be recalled that Jaipur police in April, 2012 had unearthed the racket of Avni Trade Private Limited when four FIRs were lodged by different investors. In later course the police had arrested all the three directors of the company.One of the complainants Keshvdutt a native of Kalwar village has stated that he had invested Rs 5 lakh, however he failed to get a single penny out of the investment.Similarly others including Niranjan a native of Baba Harishchandra Marg and Guddi a resident of Naataniyon Ka Raasta have also lost Rs 6.45 and Rs 3.30 lakh respectively.\"Both the directors were already arrested and are in judicial custody. With the three fresh FIRs the total number of cheating cases against the company is now seven. A special team of crime branch is going to investigate the whole fraud,\" a senior officer said.Police have lodged separate cases against the directors including Rajiv Verma, Neelam Verma and Kunal Ghai in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15356737", "title": "Time: Wasted, enjoyed and enjoyed wasting!", "text": "Punctuality has never been the hallmark of a Hyderabadi. So ingrained is the tardiness that people start doubting your credentials if you ever do present yourself on time for an appointment! Like a parrot, every mulki true to his salt learns the virtues of being on time by rote and most will enthusiastically endorse all efforts at correcting this disparaging blot on the city's character from the depth of his heart. But when asked to lead by example and they will beg to be excused on grounds of being too old now to change; \"Let the youngsters take the lead\", is the usual patronizing refrain; for they know the lamentable fate of the bold few who took it upon themselves to reform the recalcitrant Hyderabadi.Some time back, a group of punctual Hyderabadis attempted to set right this 'deplorable taint' by arriving on the dot at all weddings. Unfortunately, all that they achieved was a lasting friendship with managers of function halls who were invariably kind enough to convey their blessings to the married couple when the hosts eventually arrived. By then the grumbling old men would most certainly be in bed, deprived of their dinner, for the rest of the family was often in the thick of celebrations at the wedding that they had left behind. No wonder then, that the reform committee was soon disbanded.While most 'timely' citizens have learned to live with it, new comers to Hyderabad are often in for a rude shock. Renowned writer and administrator Narendra Luther recalls an instance when on arriving at the Malwala Palace for dinner, he was confronted with the astonishing sight of the host lazing on the verandah in casuals and no other guests in sight. It is unclear as to which of the two was more taken aback. The Raja is said to have hurriedly excused himself to go in and get dressed while his secretary laboriously explained that guests at Hyderabad were expected to turn up 'fashionably late', certainly not earlier than an hour after the appointed time!The obsession with time is as old as civilization itself and at Hyderabad the quest for determination of the exact time of day, for long remained the pursuit of the privileged few as time keeping then was quite a costly affair. Soon however, with the rapid advances in technology, water clocks and sundials were replaced with mechanical chronometers, ushering in an era of easy and economical measurement without the constant and expensive human interface. Though the cannon mounted atop Naubatpahad continued to roar at dusk and dawn well into the twentieth century, the practice by then had assumed a solely ceremonial status. The citizens heeded to its boom only when it sounded out of turn, at an unexpected hour. That invariably was an announcement of good news at the palace. In Osman Ali Khan's time it usually meant the birth of a son, which is said to have been quite frequent, given the size of his harem!It is said that early in his reign, Mahbub Ali Pasha, the VI Nizam of Hyderabad, was presented an expensive pocket chronometer by a far sighted noble seeking proximity to the impressionable ruler. Enraged at this overt attempt at influencing the young monarch, Sir Salar Jung, the redoubtable prime minister and co-regent during Mahbub's infancy, is said to have chastised the Nizam for accepting, rather than giving gifts, which should be the hall mark of a sovereign. A heavy fine was imposed on the wily noble who was made to pay for a hundred similar time pieces which Mahbub then distributed amongst his courtiers.Watches remaining out of reach of the common man, the Nizam and his nobles took it upon themselves to provide huge clocks at prime locations for public benefit. The British tradition of clock towers was also enthusiastically encouraged both in the cantonment areas and within the city itself. Independent towers at Sultan Bazaar, Fateh Maidan and Mahbub Chowk were soon augmented with chronometers installed atop the Charminar, numerous mansions of the nobility and public buildings. Probably the last major installation was atop the Moazzam Jahi market building completed in the mid 1930's. It remains a true and faithful icon of the city; indifferently and intermittently keeping time. On the rare occasions when it actually ticks, it follows a schedule of its own, always fashionably late. Renowned poet, the late Sarvar Danda immortalized it in one of his odes to the city as; Lo Moazzam Jahi market aayi / Iski ghadi hai Tana Shahi / Is pe har dam ghashi hai chai (Behold the Moazzam Jahi market / Its clock reminiscent of Tana Shah / Always in a dizzy swoon).Plans for the restoration of the market and its clock have been announced by the municipal authorities. While the building itself needs urgent interventions for its continued upkeep, not much can be done for the famed lethargic clock as most of its parts are said to be missing. It will continue to keep its own time, or rather be frozen in moments of yesteryears, protesting that 'progress progresses too fast' and wondering a la American poet Dr. Theodore Seuss:\"How did it get so late so soon?It's night before it's afternoon.December is here before it's June.My goodness how the time has flewn.How did it get so late so soon?\"(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356764", "title": "Facelift for zoo before Bio meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The upcoming 11th Global Biodiversity Summit in the city has thrown up a major challenge for the Nehru Zoological Park authorities. The 360-acre park, supposedly one among the key sight-seeing destinations for thousands of delegates participating in the international conference, was given a grant of Rs 2.4 crores for beautification work and for creating visitor-friendly amenities. The works however started just about a week ago, leaving less than two months before the conference commences on October 1.Zoo officials, though worried, maintained that they are hopeful of wrapping up the works by September end. Sources said the proposal for Rs 4.4 crores worth refurbishment works was sent well in time but works had to be held over as there was a delay in its approval and the release of money (almost 50% of what was asked).As part of the sprucing up works, an auditorium is being constructed near the entrance on a built up area of 1,300 square feet, a short documentary is being readied, the aquarium and the history museum are being upgraded apart from improvement of visitor amenities. Officials said that a filmmaker has been roped in to create a short documentary film that will give a brief lowdown on the zoo, its specialties and zoo ethics.\"We are also trying to expand the existing aquarium and have plans to procure fishes from different parts of the country and world,\" said M A Waheed, curator, zoo park. Also, the natural history museum near the entrance that has dioramas (models) of various wild animals in different settings would also be upgraded. Authorities said they are trying to add more space to the museum.Officials informed that battery operated vehicles would be a part of the improvement in visitor amenities apart from dust-free pathways and refurbishment of cafeteria. \"We are expecting about 100 to 150 delegates a day,\" the officials said. They added that they were hopeful of wrapping up the works by September end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15358304", "title": "Plumbing, computer courses for jail inmates", "text": "CALANGUTE: The state directorate of craftsmen training in collaboration with Caritas Goa, Institute Piedade and Inspector General of Prisons department commissioned a course to impart training in plumbing and computer education to the prisoners of central jail in Aguada.Speaking on the occasion, held at Aguada on Friday, the minister for craftsman training Francis D'Souza said, that the government is interested in helping prisoners to build a future. The training in plumbing trade and computer education will help them to gain employment after their release, he said.D'Souza informed that the government is aware about the inadequate facilities at Aguada and said that the newly constructed jail at Colvale will help to solve the problems.D'Souza appreciated Caritas Goa, Vedanta Foundation, for their endeavour to undertake various activities for the mental, physical and educational upliftment of the prisoners.Mihir Vardhan, Additional Inspector General of Prisons of North Goa, said plumbing course for the prisoners is a step by the government towards rehabilitation of prisoners.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said the plumbing course and computer training will help prisoners to enhance skills and help them to get gainful employment and lead a dignified life.Alexo D'Costa, director of craftsmen and training department, Mahesh Patil, associate vice-president of Vedanta Foundation, also spoke on the occasion.Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, MLA Nuvem, and Gopal Parsekar were present for the function. Rajendra Singh, a jail inmate welcomed the gathering and Clove Allen proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357269", "title": "College students take pledge to protect grand banyan tree", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 150-year-old banyan tree near Tali Temple in the city on Saturday became a symbol of conservation with forest department bestowing it the status of 'Maramuthessi' or grand banyan tree. The department conferred the status to the tree on the basis of applications invited from the public in the district.While minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer made this declaration, mayor A K Premajam vowed to protect the tree which she said is a 'mute spectator to the glorious past of the city'. The student police cadets and students of the Zamorin Higher Secondary School will take care of the tree as part of the conservation and protection initiative.The student police cadets also took oath to protect the tree on the occasion.Additional principal chief conservator of forests W S Suting, P K Krishnanunni Raja, senior member of the Zamorin's family, Kozhikode corporation opposition leader M T Padma and others attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15362823", "title": "Climbers felicitated with medals", "text": "PUNE: Two climbers from city-based Sagarmatha Giryarohan Sanstha, Anand Bansode and Sagar Palkar, have been felicitated with medals and certificates by the Nepalese government for successfully summiting Mount Everest.Out of five climbers , the mission's lead climber Ramesh Gulve passed away during the course of the expedition. Shrihari Tapkir, Palkar, Bansode and Balaji Mane however moved successfully towards the final climb on May 18, while three of them summitted the next day. Tapkir summitted at 6.45 am (IST), Palkar at 8.20 am and Bansode at 11.20 am on the same day. Mane however returned without reaching the summit, from altitude of 8540 meter, due to hitches in his oxygen mask.After a thorough inquiry as well as checking the summit photographs, and documents, the Nepalese government presented certificates and medals to the climbers.The Sagarmatha everest expedition, as the group calls it, was a low cost expedition among several other such expeditions. It was estimated that an Everest expedition costs around Rs 35 to 40 lakh per person. However we studied and later concluded that this cost can be brought down to below Rs 20 lakh per person by slight changes here and there, without compromising the safety of climbers,\"\" said secretary of Sagarmatha Giryarohan Sanstha, Sunil Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15367030", "title": "Terror alert: Cops tell malls, multiplexes to step up security", "text": "VADODARA: Close on the heels of blasts in Pune, police have decided to review security measures in public places especially in the crowded areas like shopping malls, multiplexes and old city markets. Police have directed authorities of malls and multiplexes to ensure that they keep an eye on every movement on their premises and also install CCTVs everywhere. The multiplex and mall officials have been directed to follow the directions or face strict action.DCP (crime) Subhash Trivedi had summoned a meeting of mall and multiplex officials, auto-rickshaw union representatives, taxi drivers associations and shop owners in old city areas on Sunday afternoon. \"We had sent decoys to review the security system in several public places and found that adequate measures had not been taken. The security system in public places like malls and multiplexes is lax. There is a need to boost security,\" said Trivedi.Police will also send decoys to examine whether the directions issued by them are being followed. \"All the malls, multiplexes and shopping centres in the city should have CCTVs both inside their premises and in parking lots. No vehicle should be allowed inside without proper screening. We will keep sending decoys to ensure that the security measures are in place,\" Trivedi said during the meet.He said instructions are being issued on the directions of Gujarat DGP as a part of state-wide alert. Police have appealed to auto drivers and taxi drivers to report if they see any suspicious person or object. Also, those giving their property on rent should also screen the occupant and crosscheck his or her identity card.The representatives of taxi drivers association suggested that CCTVs be placed in the taxi stands next to the railway station. \"If we find any lacunae in the security measures in malls, multiplexes and shopping centres, we will cancel licence of the security agency in-charge and also take action against the authorities concerned,\" Trivedi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356721", "title": "Australia gets closer to Amdavadi students", "text": "Ahmedabad: The land Down Under is upping its presence in India. After becoming one of India's strongest business partners, Australia now has the education sector in its sights. The Association of Australian Education Representatives in India (AAERI) took its first initiative in this regard, with world-class education fairs being held in six Indian cities.After New Delhi, Ahmedabad welcomed the one-day fair and saw 18 universities participate, with approximately a hundred students coming in. Parents too, were well represented and interacted with representatives of some of the best Australian universities, including University of Technology, Sydney, Central Queensland University, Southern Queensland University and University of Western Sydney among others.\"We are promoting Australian education as a world brand, and India is known to have the largest population of genuine students in the world. After business, education is the sector we are strongly focusing on,\" says Gulshan Kumar, former president of AAERI.The fair, which was supported by the Australian Trade Commission and Australian Education International, showcased the opportunities Australian education presents to Indian youth. \"When a student completes a two-year bachelors or masters course in one of our universities, he gets a two-year work permit, thereby getting exposure to the corporate world right after the course,\" Kumar says.Australia has 39 universities, of which four are ranked in the top hundred of the world. Gujarat, which recently opened up to English-medium education in a big way, holds a lot of promise for the organizers. With presentations on easy visa procedures and tests like the Cambridge Advanced Education (CAE) under which the IELTS fall, the fair was a complete package on the whats and whys of Australian education.Mita Shah, mother of a 17-year-old science student says, \"We found many courses to our liking. We also got a lot of clarity at fair.\" While the first semester for business courses begins in November, courses like mass communication, IT, nanotechnology, etc start from February next year.The fair will now move on to Chennai, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Mumbai. According to AAERI, the fair might be held twice a year, depending on the response in all the cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15365318", "title": "Delhi schoolboys discover asteroids", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what is being considered a rare feat by experts, four schoolboys from Delhi have discovered two asteroids.Shubham Sharma and Mayank Sharma of DAV Centenary School, Paschim Vihar and young Astronomicans (amateur astronomer's wing of SPACE) Sahil Wadhwa and Akshay Gupta, who were part of two separate teams, have made two provisional discoveries of asteroids doing the country proud, SPACE Director C B Devgun told PTI.\"This marks a rare achievement for SPACE and its associated educational institutes, as asteroids are hard to search for and needs dedication and continuous efforts. Provisional discoveries are the asteroids which have been confirmed by further observations,\" he said.The teams used exclusive data to look at specific parts of the sky and by using a complex procedure called 'Astrometrica' they tracked objects by looking at the images of the sky provided by telescopes-based in the US to see which of the objects moving over time could be a possible asteroid, he said.The discoveries were made as part of the program All Indian Asteroid Search Campaign ( AIASC) conducted jointly between April and August this year by Science Popularisation Association of Communicators (SPACE) and International Astronomical Search Collaboration (IASC), Devgun said.IASC Director Patrick Miller has congratulated the two school teams for achieving the rare feat.Sahil Wadhwa had made provisional discoveries in 2010 and 2011 as well.About 75 schools/organisations had been selected from different parts of India, including Delhi and NCR, and other states to participate in the programme.Asteroids sometimes called minor planets or planetoids are small Solar System bodies in orbit around the Sun, especially in the inner Solar System; they are smaller than planets but larger than meteoroids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15363875", "title": "Haryana to provide free treatment to students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government will provide free treatment to all students upto 18 years of age who are enrolled in all government schools and Anganwari centres under the Indira Bal Swasthya Yojna (IBSY).National Rural Health Mission director Rakesh Gupta said this in a meeting organized for preparing a blueprint for better execution of IBSY in Haryana on Sunday.Gupta said that this free treatment facility would also include treatment of diseases like cancer and heart diseases.Under this scheme, children will be given treatment at Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Rohtak, Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, and other major healthcare institutes.He said that IBSY, which is being run by the health department, could be given a new dimension with the help of Sarva Sikhsha Abhiyan and education department to improve level of health of children between 0 and 18 years of age.He said that in schools and anganwari centres, children between 0 and 18 years of age would be diagnosed for anemia and this work would be carried out jointly by education and health departments.For this, teachers would be trained at block level to diagnose children.He said that under this scheme, eyes of children would also be checked and if needed, free of cost spectacles would be provided to them. In addition to it, differently-abled children would be diagnosed by doctors and they would be provided with Disability Certificate after evaluation of their capabilities. Also, facility of remedial surgery would be provided free of cost.The meeting was attended by officers of Health Department, Education Department and of Social Justice and Empowerment Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356926", "title": "Ruckus after rape threat", "text": "KOLKATA: The alleged rape threat on a student of Rammohan College got murkier on Saturday when members of the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad were accused of ripping off the sari of a college employee's wife.The victim of Friday's rape threat is a Chhatra Parishad member. The union alleges that the outsiders who terrorized her a day ago had entered the college by taking the name of college staffer Sushanta Pal.Pal, who is joint secretary of the CPM-backed West Bengal College Employees' Association, alleges that some Parishad members barged into his home on Saturday and assaulted his wife. \"If yesterday's incident is a rape threat, how would you describe what happened today? These girls attacked my house when I was not there, assaulted my wife and tore off her sari. The complaint they lodged yesterday was a fabricated story,\" he claimed.The student, however, stuck to her complaint. \"I cannot repeat the words the intruders hurled at me. I remained shocked for quite a long time. I can identify each of them,\" the BA second-year student told TOI.The 20-year-old says that the outsiders took Pal's name and got into the college. \"Sushanta Pal's wife came to my home and accused me of trying to frame him. I tried to explain that it was the guards who had identified Sushanta Pal as the man with whom the outsiders had come to meet. She tore off her clothes, abused us, and rushed to the police station claiming that I and my college mates from the students union had beaten her,\" she said.The student acknowledged that she called her union members \"to her rescue\" when Pal's wife started \"screaming hysterically\".\"Later, when I and some friends were standing at the college gates, at least 20 rogues, led by Sushanta Pal, chased us. We were scared and ran away,\" she said. \"I wouldn't be surprised if the entire plan of humiliating me was pre-planned. Because it happened without provocation. We had simply asked the outsiders to leave the campus since the process of admission is on. Moreover, ours is an exclusively girls' college.\"The students TOI talked to on Saturday said they felt insecure after the threat to the second-year girl. \"It indicates a serious breach in campus security. Those who can enter the college and threaten us can do anything to us outside. We have decided to always move in groups, never alone,\" said Tarna Dutta Chowdhury, general secretary of students union. The rape-threat victim said the students had repeatedly asked the authorities to lock a rear gate, through which outsiders sneaked in regularly, but no action was taken.DC (north) Gaurav Sharma said they have started a case and are looking for the suspects. \"A police team has been posted outside the college,\" he said.According to college sources, the campus has been tense since the beginning of the admission season. \"Political outfits, party factions and even some students try to control the process of admission by pushing their candidates to retain their influence. What happened on Friday was very ugly. It has scared all of us,\" said a group of students.They alleged that the college authorities did not react to the rape-threat with sensitivity. Teacher-in-charge, Saswati Dasgupta, kept questioning the veracity of our complaint, said the students. However, Dasgupta told TOI that she had taken action and forwarded the complaint to the police station as soon as she got it.The girl says she is still scared. When TOI caught up with her on Saturday, she looked distraught.Recalling Friday's ordeal, she said that a lot of parents had entered the campus because admissions were on. \"At 10.45am, closing time for the college, I and a few union members requested the outsiders to leave. Two young men, however, started quarreling with us. They hurled abuses at us, unprovoked. When we protested, one of them threatened to rape me. I got scared and backed off.\"Some of her friends had witnessed the incident, she says. \"We immediately went to the teacher-in-charge Saswati Dasgupta, who accompanied us outside.We even identified the duo standing on the pavement. But, to our surprise, right in front of the men, she asked us to prove our allegation,\" she said. Dasgupta has denied the allegations.Tarna Dutta Chaudhuri, general secretary of students union, said, \"When we demanded that she file a police complaint, Dasgupta asked us to write a letter which she casually forwarded to the police. Had she taken action as soon as we identified the youth, things would have been different.\"Dasgupta denied the allegations. \"I had only asked them to prove their complaint because there was no official on the spot when the incident happened. I also waited for them to tell me if they were ready to face questioning by the police, which is inevitable if they file a complaint.\"Pooja said, \"when asked the guards standing at the main gates identified Sushanta Pal as the man with whom the accused boys had come to meet. It is a regular affair inside the college premises when outsiders are found loitering on the corridors during girls' college hours. 'Despite several requests, the teacher-in-charge had never taken any initiative to close the back gates from which the outsiders sneaks in. Even the union had sent letters to the governing body who had discussed the problem in details. Dasgupta was requested to take action which he did not.\"\"Even in her office, she kept asking us to prove the incident. When we requested her to lodge a police complaint, she immediately refused. We were shocked. The students started a sitting demonstration which continued till four hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15364926", "title": "Bihar government sets up task force to check illegal mining", "text": "PATNA: The state government has set up a task force to stop the illegal mining of sand, soil, stone metals and other natural resources in different parts of the state. But according to unconfirmed reports, the illegal mining work is still going on in some parts of hilly region of Bihar including Jamui, Munger, Kaimur, Banka, Bhagalpur and Jehanabad districts.Bihar's mines and geology minister Satyadeo Narain Arya recently said in the Upper House that a inter- state departmental committee has been set up under the chairmanship of development commissioner.In a reply to the question of Vinod Kumar Singh (JD-U), the minister Arya said that on receipt of any such complaints of illegal mining, department officials lodges FIR against the offenders engaged in illegal mining.With reports about rampant activities of illegal mining in Bhagalpur district , the raids recently conducted by mines and geology department at different parts of the district has resulted into seizure of several commercial vehicles besides imposing of penalties against the offenders.Several tractors, one JCB and other equipments being used for illegal mining of stone, sand and soil (for making bricks) were seized by the mining department team. Penalty of Rs 1.5 lakh was also imposed on brick kiln owners, engaged in illegal mining of soil while action is underway against the other operators.In the backdrop, the mining department initiated raids to stop revenue loss to the state exchequer through illegal mining of natural resources in the district. The raids were conducted in Antichak hill areas in Kahalgaon sub-division, Ghogha (Kahalgaon), Puraini Baluachak (Jagdishpur block), Makhna Modipur and other areas.Though the Illegal mining activities at the famed ancient site of Barabar Hills in Jehanabad district has been stopped, but according to unofficial sources, illegal mining activities are still going on. As a result of rampant illegal mining activities since a long, mostly of stone chips, carried out by locals in many hills of Barabar have already damaged the ancient historical site.A large number of cracks have already developed in the rock-cut caves. These caves are the oldest polished caves in the world, a legacy of Ashoka the Great (3rd BCE). All villages in the periphery of these famous hills have been affected by illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358048", "title": "Minor kidnapped, raped for 10 days in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: A 15-year-old girl was kidnapped and raped for more than 10 days by a youth living in the same neighbourhood in Bhatta Basti area in the city. The accused took the girl to Delhi and kept her hostage at various places in the national capital.The girl went missing on July 12 when she was allegedly abducted by the youth, identified by Sonu. After abducting the girl, he took her to Delhi, police said.\"He had raped the girl during her stay in Delhi at various places. On July 22, he got the girl boarded a bus to Jaipur,\" said an officer of Bhatta Basti police station.The girl, after coming to Jaipur, initially kept mum but later narrated her plight to parents.\"Initial investigation suggests that the boy is more than 18 years. However, the exact age of the accused would be ascertained only after he is nabbed,\" the officer added.\"The parents were initially reluctant to lodge a case but late on Friday evening they registered a case of abduction and rape against the youth,\" said Rajesh Vidhyarthi, circle inspector, Bhatta Basti police station on Saturday.The girl in her statements said that she was forcibly taken to Delhi by the youth who also threatened her to kill if she resists.\"Based on some information given by the victim, our team is trying to arrest the culprit,\" the officer added.On Saturday, police sent the girl for medical examination and also started tracking the mobile number of the youth to trace his location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359303", "title": "Pay a tidy sum for pet's birthday", "text": "BANGALORE: Depending on the theme and location, a pet birthday party can cost anything between Rs 2,000 and Rs 20,000.\"We first understand the nature of the party and then accordingly suggest themes to the pet owners,\" says Anand Vishwanath, founder of Anvis Inc, a pet management company.Pool parties, fancy-dress events, lunch and tea parties and even weekend get-togethers are common. Pet meals can consist of soup, meat balls, buns and birthday cake.Canine brunchA Bangalore hotel recently hosted a 'canine brunch'. It had invited pets and their owners to be part of the fun-filled event. The meal platter had both veg and non-veg items. To debunk the myth that dogs like only bones , they were spoilt with a wide array of vegetables too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15358314", "title": "Trouble again in Siolim over 5 Pillars Christian Church", "text": "MAPUSA: Tension erupted once again at Tropa-Sodiem in Siolim on Saturday morning after the locals alleged that activities conducted by pastor Dominic D'Souza of the 5 Pillars Christian church was disturbing peace in the village.The locals alleged that D'Souza used the loudspeakers in his prayer house without permission and it was disturbing prayer services at Our Lady of the Persecuted church, Tropa.Around 50-60 people gathered near the 5 Pillars Christian church at Tropa-Sodiem demanding action against D'Souza for disturbing prayers at the Tropa church which is situated just meters away from the 5 Pillars Christian church.Locals demanded that the activities of the pastor at his church at Sodiem be stopped as it was disturbing peace in the village.The locals complained of sound pollution and traffic congestion because of the activities of the pastor as according to them, many outsiders visit his church.Later, police intervened in the matter and seized the loudspeakers, mike and other sound equipment from the 5 Pillars Christian church. Police teams from Anjuna and Mapusa were requisitioned to thwart any untoward incident.Mapusa PI Tushar Vernekar, Anjuna PI Vishwesh Karpe, DySP Serafin Dias, Bardez deputy collector Sabaji Shetye and mamlatdar Pundalik Khorjuvekar were present at the site.\"There were allegations from the villagers that Dominic D'Souza used a loudspeaker without permission and disturbed the prayer session at Tropa church,\" Bardez deputy collector Sabaji Shetye said.\"Police registered the offence against D'Souza and seized the loud speakers,\" Shetye added.\"People are complaining that the structure of the 5 Pillars Christian church is illegal. We have expedited the inquiry into that,\" Shetye said.D'Souza said his fundamental rights were disturbed by the locals by their act on Saturday.He said that he was doing nothing wrong and was not disturbing peace in the village nor was creating sound pollution. \"I am conducting prayers for past 16-17 years. We are not disturbing peace. The problem is created only because of political motives,\" he said.\"There is nothing wrong or illegal here. The government should intervene and solve the problem by holding talks,\" D'Souza added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359313", "title": "Padil will be booked under Goonda Act: Ashoka", "text": "BANGALORE: Home minister R Ashoka on Saturday reiterated that the main perpetrator of the attack on youths at a party in Mangalore on July 28, Subash Padil, will be booked under the Anti-Goonda Act.He told reporters that 23 persons were arrested in connection with the attacks on Morning Mist Home Stay in Padil on the outskirts of the coastal town. \"This shameless attack by certain elements is condemnable. It makes all of us in civilized society hang our heads in his head in shame,'' he said, echoing Karnataka Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen's comment last week.Mangalore police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh told STOI the process to book Padil under the Anti-Goonda Act has been initiated.Ashoka also said that police will embark on a project to send SMS alerts about the status of complaints and investigation to complainants of criminal cases.The department, which has set up surveillance cameras in Gulbarga, Bellary and Belgaum, will extend it to six more districts -- Tumkur, Mandya, Udupi, Bijapur and Hassan -- with the installation of at least 90 cameras. \"These cameras will help manage traffic, and also help police identify anti-social elements and miscreants in public places,\" he added.He said police have installed online registration and application for nearly 12 services and nine more services will be added so that people can avoid going to the police stations.The minister said the government has sought help from the Border Security Force to impart specialized training to Karnataka State Reserve Police personnel so they can be inducted into the Anti-Naxal Force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "fatehabad(haryana)", "code": "15365033", "title": "Robbers loot 5 kg gold, Rs 2 lakh in Haryana town", "text": "FATEHABAD(HARYANA): Armed robbers allegedly looted five kg gold and Rs 2 lakh cash from a jeweller and injured his employee with bullet injuries, police said.The robbers followed the car of jeweller Ajeet Singh when he was returning home and fired shots near village Ayalki last night.Mahesh, the employee of the jeweller, was injured in the firing.Ajeet Singh and Mahesh stopped the car and escaped taking advantage of darkness after the incident , police said today.The robbers took away their car along with the gold and cash.Superintendent of Police Satinder Gupta met Mahesh in the hospital today and took his statement on the incident.Police have registered a case and sent police teams to trace and arrest the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15364200", "title": "Jamie Hince gave up veganism for wife Kate Moss", "text": "Jamie Hince has revealed that his wife Kate Moss tempted him away from veganism by serving him a bacon sandwich in her underwear.The Kills rocker, who married the supermodel in 2011, gave up animal products and spent 20 years as a vegan.\"I was vegan for about 20 years. But then... the thing that really tipped me over the edge was when I first met Kate, had just started seeing her, and I walked into the kitchen and she was in her underwear making me a bacon sandwich,\" the Daily Star quoted him as telling Evening Standard newspaper.\"She didn't know I was vegan, and I was like... all my principles went out of the window. Or my priorities went right (sic),\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358926", "title": "India still on hit-list of terrorists: Jaitley", "text": "PUNE: Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley , on Saturday, expressed concern over serial blasts in Pune and said that the country is on the hit-list of terrorists.The BJP leader was in the city to attend Symbiosis College's common commencement programme 2012 which was held to welcome new students.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the programme, Jaitley said that though the case is under investigation, the serial blasts is a cause for concern and rings an alarm bell.On Team Anna's foray into politics, Jaitley said that after trashing parliamentary democracy, Anna and his team are entering the political arena. He said that Team Anna's step was a \"welcome step\", but said that they have to come clear on many issues. \"Team Anna members have aired different views on Kashmir and they have to make clear their stand,\" said Jaitley. He said that \"just harping on Lokpal bill\" will not help Team Anna and said that political parties are waiting to see Team Anna's future steps.Earlier, Jaitley interacted with students on various issues including Lokpal Bill, corruption, Left wing politics and the role of opposition in a parliamentary democracy. Fundamentally opposed to the Leftist politics, Jaitley advocated an alternative model which would discuss the issues raised by the Left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15366621", "title": "Firing at a gurdwara in US, several injured", "text": "NEW YORK: About eight to 20 people were injured on Sunday in a shooting that took place at a gurdwara in Wisconsin, according to media reports.The shooting occurred at around 11 am (local time) today at the Sikh Temple in Oak Creek, the Milwaukee-Wisconsin Journal Sentinel reported.Oak Creek police, the Milwaukee County Sheriff's Department and other law enforcement agencies have responded. The police has not given out any further details.Initial reports said a witness to the shooting told law enforcement agents that the shooter was a heavy build, bald white male wearing a sleeveless T-shirt.He was last seen with two handguns.According to unconfirmed reports, dozens of people have been taken hostage inside the gurdwara.The local administration has issued advisory against beaming live aerial visuals of the gurdwara so as to avoid revealing the position of the security forces.Media reports claimed that at least one person has been killed in the shootout.(With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15358974", "title": "More Mideast flights to ease Onam-Ramzan rush", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin International Airport is among four others to which the Air India Express (AIE) would operate additional international flights during the upcoming festival season.The airline decided to introduce over 50 flights in the Middle East sector to meet the rush of passengers during Onam and Ramzan. Most services -- to Dubai , Abu Dhabi, Sharjah, Doha and Dammam -- would be from Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode and Mangalore besides Kochi. An AIE spokesperson said some flights would operate from Chennai and Mumbai.Additional Kochi-Dubai-Kochi flights would operate on August 8, 15, 18, and September 9. Services in the Thiruvananthapuram-Dubai sector would be on August 8, 13, 15 and September 8 and 14.The AIE would operate flights in the Kozhikode-Dubai-Kozhikode route on August 18 and 25, while another Mangalore- Kozhikode-Dubai-Mangalore flight would fly on September 7.Special Kozhikode-Doha-Kozhikode flights would operate on August 25 and September 2 and 9. There would be an additional flight each in Kochi-Abu Dhabi-Kochi route on August 26; in Thiruvanathapuram-Abu Dhabi-Thiruvanathapuram route on August 30 and one in Kozhikode-Abu Dhabi-Kozhikode route on August 15.An additional Kozhikode-Kochi-Kuwait-Kochi-Kozhikode flight would operate on September 5, the airline said.The AIE have also decided to operate additional Mumbai-Dammam-Mumbai flights on all Tuesdays and Fridays from August 21 to September 14.This would have connection flights from Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode. Chennai-Dubai-Chennai flights has started operating from August 2.The flights would operate on all Thursdays till September 13, AIE said.BOX====Staff stir: Normal flights from Sept-endKochi: Air India Express expects to resume normal service by September-end, while Air India is likely to operate normally by this month-end.AIE has been cancelling 10 flights weekly on an average from Kerala owing to employees' strike. Air India has been cancelling 20% of its services across the country.We are re-rostering the 400-odd pilots rejoining duty in phases. We have to make them undergo a series of tests before they are allowed to operate flights independently, as they were off-roster for more than 30 days,'' an Air India spokesman said.The Delhi sector of Air India, which connects to destinations like Seoul , Hong Kong, Osaka and Newark , would resume by August 9, along with the Kozhikode-Riyadh flight. The spokesman said the Kochi-Riyadh flight was operating normally from August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364970", "title": "Handbook for BMC corporators published", "text": "MUMBAI: First time civic corporators will find it a tad easy to understand the complex working of the BMC. Praja Foundation, an NGO that evaluates the annual performance of corporators and MLA's in Mumbai, has published a reference book for corporators so that they can help and work for the citizen of their respective constituencies in the most useful and impactful manner.Out of the 227 corporators in Mumbai, 146 are elected for the first time and they learn their roles within the BMC through trial and error. This handbook is being offered as a tool kit for the elected representative to function within the BMC with effectiveness and efficiency.\"The Acts of BMC are voluminous, to say the least. And for a large body like BMC, there are so many departments, so many committees, each having their own set of rules and regulations that it is easy for an elected representative to get lost or be totally awed by them. As a result, many of the corporators observe the proceedings silently or get guided by their colleagues or the administration executives. They have little understanding of their roles and responsibilities and are clueless about how to use the powers bestowed on them effectively.\" said Milind Mhaske, Project Director, Praja Foundation.The book explains in detail and in a simple format about the Acts and bylaws of the BMC in a most user-friendly manner with graphics and pictures. The role of different committees, the functioning of standing committees, how and where their questions will have the maximum impact, what can they do as elected representative for their constituency, etc. The handbook is in two languages - English and Marathi - so that all the corporators can use it to function in the civic body as they are supposed to.Praja has compiled this book with Mrudul Joshi, former municipal secretary, BMC, Dr J Thanekar, former executive health officer, BMC, Prashant Pisolkar, former municipal chief auditor and D M Sukhtankar, former municipal commissioner. The handbook can also be downloaded from the Praja Foundation website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359233", "title": "School kids have horror ride on BMTC buses", "text": "BANGALORE: Six-year-old Rahul (name changed) of Fatima Primary School in Jalahalli West had an unforgettable bus ride on July 18. At 7.45am, he was waiting for a bus at the Aiyappa Temple stop. A BMTC bus arrived and Rahul went to board it along with the other kids.Before he could put his foot on the first step, the driver shut the door on him. The child screamed helplessly and other passengers looked on helplessly. Even after he freed, Rahul kept weeping in pain and shock.\"He was stuck for some time before the driver stopped the bus and opened the door. The bus was packed with passengers, but nobody did anything. The crowd at the bus stop alerted the driver,\" said Janet John, a 12-year-old eyewitness and student of Cluny Convent.For around 1 lakh school children who travel by BMTC buses, it's horror every day. BMTC drivers not letting schoolchildren board, conductors misbehaving with them and kids being pushed out of the buses for no reason are only some of the problems students face on a regular basis.While school authorities have been raising the issue every now and then, nothing has changed. \"This problem has been there for some time now. Either BMTC buses do not stop for kids or they don't allow them to board. Although our school has six school buses in place, they are not enough to incorporate all students. We reached out to the higher authorities of BMTC regarding the problem, but to no avail. This is why parents hire autos or private vans for their kids,\" said Nigar Sultana, principal, Cambridge Public School.According to students, a slight delay in showing the bus pass turns out to be a humiliating affair. \"The conductors push us out of the buses in case we take time to show them our bus passes. Moreover, many BMTC buses abstain from plying on our route during school hours in order to avoid school students. We are left with no option other than to keep waiting at the bus stop for hours together,\" said Jesrin Joseph, a 13-year-old student.NO COMPLAINTS, SAYS BMTCThere has been no complaint regarding this issue. I have no information about this. I will look into the matter and if such things are happening, I will make sure that proper action is taken and this is not repeated.Bijay Kumar Singh | director, bmtcPASSES FOR KIDS* Free passes issued to primary school children: 40,248* Paid passes issued to high school children: 58,650 -- Girls: 29,845; Boys: 28,805By Garima Prasher / cleared by: sita/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15364489", "title": "Viral flu outbreak in Thane", "text": "THANE: The outbreak of viral fever has reached epidemic proportions in Thane, 25 km from Mumbai, with general physicians and pediatricians flooded with patients complaining of high fever, sore throat and body ache.In case of children below 12 years-of-age the viral attacks has triggered panic among parents as the recovery is slow and the child is immobilized for the next three days. Doctors here said the prevalence of fever, cough and cold is on a rise among the children as the contagious infection is most commonly passed in schools or public places. Moreover, with the immunity levels of the children being a tad weak, viral fever is rampant here, they said.On an average there are 50 children reporting every day with symptoms of viral fever at my clinic. The number is steep and it is rising like an epidemic. Preventive measures initiated by the authorities to curb swine flu should be restored back immediately to tackle the menace of viral flu. Also an awareness campaign should be launched to advise parents from sending their children to school should he or she be down with slight fever or cough. Other measures such as washing hands clean before consuming food and covering mouth with a clean cloth should be put into practice,'' Dr Ketkar, a prominent pediatrician here told TOI.Civil surgeon Dr Ratnakar Kulkarni acknowledged the spurt in cases of viral fever and attributed it as a phenomena which repeats itself during this time of the year. He said the OPD at the civil hospital here is crowded with patients seeking treatment for fever, body ache and respiratory ailments.Doctors said another must-do's to prevent a viral attack is to eat hot and boiled food, avoid eating and drinking water outside, especially on the roadside and to consume more water. Pathologists Dr Ulhas Vaidya said his laboratory at Naupada is running overtime due to sudden spurt in cases of viral attack and most doctors here are referring patients for a blood sampling to analyse the ailment.In case of children affected by viral fever, the panicked parents are unwilling to take chances and are rushing to the pathology labs to conduct a blood test as they fear that it could lead to malaria or pneumonia.It is a common ailment during July-August largely due to poor rains and weather change. It is essentially an air-borne attack of infection. Almost 70 per cent patients suffer from lower respiratory tract problems and pneumonia while 30 per cent patients are down with malaria,'' said Dr Anand Bedekar.Citizens here said while the civic authorities are conducting a series of measures such as fogging and cleaning up water swamps so as to destroy the breeding ground of mosquitoes, the efforts are not adequately complimented by the people.It is equally important for the citizens to pay a proactive role and ensure that their neighbourhood is clean. People continue to throw their rubbish on the main street overlooking the signboards put up by the Thane corporation advising people against disposing garbage on the streets. Such things manifest into big infections,'' said citizen-activist Dr Mahesh Bedekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357564", "title": "Wife died of \u2018negligence\u2019, elderly fights for justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Krishan Lal Kumar hasn't had a day's respite since his wife's death. The 73-year-old retired bank executive, who alleges that his wife had died due to medical negligence at a private hospital, has been running from one government office to another for justice.Kumar's wife was diagnosed with malignant tumour in the brain 10 years ago. \"She was operated twice in 2003 and 2008 by a senior neurosurgeon of a private hospital. Last year, we had gone to Dubai for holidaying. When we came back, my wife complained of weakness in the right upper and lower limbs and we went to meet the doctor for a follow-up. The doctor decided for a surgery without conducting a fresh MRI. She was paralysed and died soon after,\" he said.Kumar filed a complaint with the Delhi Medical Council (DMC) on July 22, 2011. But five meetings later, the appellant authority told him, \"The matter is to be re-notified for deliberations due to non-availability of experts.\"The Directorate of Health Services (DHS), Delhi government, recently wrote to the medical council, asking it to expedite the matter.A senior official said the department had been writing to DMC since last September. \"This is the sixth letter being forwarded to DMC on this complaint. Despite our reminders, the enquiry is lingering,\" he said.The hospital, in its response to DMC's notice, has denied charges of negligence.Kumar claimed his wife was being treated under the EWS quota following the recommendations of the Delhi health department. \"After her death, we complained to DMC but no action has been taken yet. It has failed to even decide on whether the doctor was guilty,\" he added.DMC registrar Dr Girish Tyagi assured that the report would be out soon. \"We have formed an expert committee and a meeting was held recently to probe the reason of death and if the doctor was guilty of negligence,\" said Tyagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15362400", "title": "Olympic athletes campaign for polio eradication", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Polio is the next likely candidate for disease eradication in the world and some of the best athletes participating at the London 2012 Olympics are helping to spread the word about Rotary's campaign to free the world of polio.Indian Olympic athletes participating in the Rotary's \"This Close\" campaign are more than a dozen members of India's team, including members of the men's boxing, men's and women's weightlifting, and men's and women's wrestling teams.Appealing to parents, wrestler Sushil Kumar, said, \"In 1988, 500 children were getting affected by polio in India every day. Today, our country is reaching steadily toward eradication of polio. We need your help to win this fight.\"And Vijender Singh, a member of the boxing team, said, \"Polio vaccine can save a child from polio paralysis. Let us ensure that children are not paralyzed by giving them the vital drops.\"Other Olympic athletes participating in the Rotary's \"This Close\" campaign include Olympic divers Tom Daley and Tonia Couch.Rotary International said that after 25 years of hard work, a campaign involving themselves and their partners is on the brink of wiping out the crippling disease, but a \"strong push\" is needed now to root it out once and for all.Deepak Kapur, Chairman, Rotary International's India National PolioPlus Committee (INPPC) ,  said, \"Global health and the Olympics share a common ethos. With key athletes supporting the cause at the Olympics, the focus of world including the conflict-laden countries, will once again will be on the dreaded disease that is so close to being eradicated from the world.\"With no new polio cases being reported for more than a year, India's experience of containing the dreaded virus has been hailed as the biggest public health achievement worldwide.There have been 96 cases of polio reported worldwide this year, as per the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The countries that have never been free of the disease are Afghanistan, Pakistan and Nigeria.Rotary International is the spearheading partner of the Global Polio Eradication Initiative comprising of WHO, UNICEF , CDC and Rotary. It consists of 33,976 clubs and 1.2 million members in more than 200 countries and geographical areas.Polio that held the world to ransom in the 1950's and 1960's has been eliminated with those two tiny drops of oral polio vaccine.India was removed from WHO's polio endemic list on 25 February this year after completing over a year without reporting any case of polio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356818", "title": "AP students left in the lurch as US varsity comes under lens", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the future of around 400 students from the state studying at the Californian Herguan University hangs in limbo, the government is yet to establish contact with the Indian Embassy in San Francisco. Educational consultants said chances of these students getting a transfer in other varsities were also slim. On August 3, CEO of Herguan University Jerry Wang, was charged with various counts of visa fraud leaving the careers of students from the city in a precarious balance.Government officials said that they have had no contact with embassies or students and their families and are keeping their fingers crossed. Ramana Reddy, special secretary in charge of NRI affairs, said, \"No representation has been made so far. It is high time to establish contact with India Embassy in San Francisco. We are hoping for a development soon so that we can help the students.\"Sources said that the 'dubious' Herguan University was already on US authorities' scanner and that an incident at the now-tainted varsity was predicted much earlier. They noted that none of the students from the state had applied to the university from the country but in fact had sought a transfer from state universities after being lured by a full time work permit and a low tuition fee. They added that the prospects of seeking a transfer from Herguan University to other varsities were bleak. Surya Ganesh Valmiki, CMD, Valmiki Group of Overseas Educational Consultants, said, \"It is likely that credits of students from Herguan University will not be accepted elsewhere because of the incident. However, the Department of Homeland Security will decide the deadline and transfer of these students. The fee for such universities is $5,000 as against $15,000 to $20,000 charged by reputed institutions. Therefore, to both save and make money, students rush to study at such places.\"Sources said that of the 1.5 lakh students who rush to foreign shores, 60% are from the state. They added that many unaccredited institutions like Herguan offered students a full-time work permit instead of the 20-hour a day work permit which is why students go there. While most students finish their course in two years, they opt for an F1 visa, a five-year multiple entry visa. M Madhavi from i20 Fever said that it was quite likely that the students would be asked to return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356977", "title": "Kanchi schools prepare norms on kids\u2019 safety", "text": "CHENNAI: Heads of schools in Kancheepuram educational district have over the last week held discussions with the school education department and the state transport department officials come out with a set of guidelines to abide by to ensure the safety of their wards in school.This in the wake of the July 25 death of Shruthi Sethumadhavan, 6, of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School who fell through the floor of the school bus and came under its wheels.At a condolence meeting for Shruthi in Chromepet on Saturday, representatives of about 200 of the 274 matriculation and higher secondary schools in the district participated. \"Several principals found they couldn't hold back their tears when we started talking about the incident. We wanted the event to serve as a wake up call to all school heads. To remind them that it could happen to our school children as well and to exhort them to do a status check soon,\" said an office-bearer of the Kancheepuram Distict Self-Financing Schools Association.The schools pooled in Rs 50,000 and handed it over to Shruthi's mother at their home in Tambaram. \"We promised her that we would ensure that such incidents are never repeated,\" said a member of the association.The guidelines brought out by the schools include ensuring that the vehicle permit, fitness certificate and insurance of the vehicle is updated; appointing only drivers with at least five years of experience, getting them to wear uniforms, ensuring that attenders accompany children in the vehicle no matter how small the number, making sure that the drivers licence is renewed at proper intervals, ensuring that there is no overloading, and seeing to it that only attenders take calls when the vehicle is in motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15365900", "title": "Budding engineers deliberate on ways to improve NITs and the society", "text": "NAGPUR: As budding engineers of NITs from across the country came together at the NIT conclave organized by Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT), they spoke about how they could contribute to make a better society. They also discussed activities at various institutes that could be replicated easily by others.A list of problems was kept in front of the students who were supposed to find feasible and practical solutions for them. Spreading knowledge and awareness through the use of wireless technology, empowering the agriculture sector, making use of waste and development of cleaner energy sources were amongst the issues to be discussed.An eminent jury consisting of former chief of Khadi and Village Industries Commission Gopikant Ghosh, journalist Jaydeep Hardikar, physics professor from VNIT Vilas Deshpande and co-ordinator for open source innovations website Yash Saxena judged the innovative ideas of the students. Ideas like tea plucking device, paddy transplanting devices, reuse of refrigerator waste heat as food warmer, generation of electricity from slow moving canals and that from human pulse were among those floated by the students.As the whole idea of the event was to provide a platform for students of all NITs, they also discussed ways in which technology was being harnessed at their campuses. While NIT Bhopal spoke about their college radio that helps everybody keep a tab on all activities, dates of submissions and examinations at the college, NIT Suratkhal had provided all students an intranet linked with Google. The team from NIT Calicut said a group of mechanical engineering students from their college was trying to build innovative devices like a self operated chair for paraplegics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357351", "title": "Report on auto, cab fare hike to be put up online", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department plans to put up the Hakim Committee report on fare hike formula for autos and taxis \"online\" and it will be put up on the government website in the next few days, sources said.The report has been kept under wraps for the last three weeks and is believed to be one of the most comprehensive government reports. __which will determine the future fare hikes for autos, taxis and share-rickshaws in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai and for rest of Maharashtra.If implemented, commuters can expect a fare hike of at least Rs 2 in both auto and taxi fares in Mumbai, sources said.When contacted, state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma refused to disclose the contents of the report. He, however, said, \"The 150-page report recommends a new formula for fare hikes. In the past, we had a common formula to calculate hikes for taxis and autos (a formula devised by the same Hakim committee in the '90s). Now, the panel has suggested a separate formula for autos and taxis. It also recommends a new formula for autos plying shuttle routes.\" It is learnt the report contains different formulae for vehicles plying in Mumbai and outside.Sharma said the contents of the report, which also includes certain submissions made by former Union secretary PMA Hakim, will be studied minutely by officials and the government will decide whether to accept it or not. \"If accepted, a GR will be issued and the MMRTA will be directed to take a decision on fare hikes in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. The entire process will take some time,\" he said, while hinting that commuters can expect not to be burdened with a fare hike \"very soon\".Sources said that the report includes a formula each for 1.6 km as well as 1 km. The commuter groups, including Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, had demanded that future fares for taxis/autos should begin with a 1-km base fare and fares should be calculated for every subsequent 100 metres. \"We are curious to know whether Hakim has incorporated our suggestions,'' said Shirish Deshpande from MGP. He said that consumers will pay less if the minimum fare was for 1-km (it would come to Rs 8 for minimum distance). However, officials from transport commissioner's office felt that the minimum fare should be maintained at 1.6-km, else there could be a spurt in refusal cases.Sources said the report was being made available \"online\" as there were requests from various \"stake-holders\" such as Mumbai Taximen's Union, the Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, the Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union and consumer activists that they be given a copy of the report. \"If the report is published online, everyone including stake-holders and also commuters can go through the recommendations made by the committee,\" a transport official said. \"After all, the committee has not recommended any fare hike. It has just included new paramenters and devised a formula.\"Auto union leader Shashank Rao said he too was eager to know whether the committee had accepted the union's suggestion to include social costs (pension, medical costs, etc of drivers) in the new formula. \"We are trying to procure the committee report under Right to Information,'' he stated. Another union leader Thampy Kurien too said he would use RTI to get hold of a copy of the report. \"We have waited for three months and co-operated with the panel. We need to know what were the final recommendations made to the government,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15357687", "title": "Jaipur girl raped in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: A 15-year-old girl was kidnapped and raped for more than 10 days by a youth from the same neighborhood in Bhatta Basti.He took the girl to Delhi and kept her hostage at several places, allegedly threatening to kill her if she resisted. The girl went missing on July 12.\"He had raped the girl during her stay in Delhi at various places. On July 22, he sent the girl to Jaipur in a bus,\" said an officer of Bhatta Basti police station. \"Initial investigation suggests that the boy is more than 18 years old. However, the exact age of the accused can be ascertained only after he is nabbed,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364680", "title": "Sunny Leone says too much of sex is bad!", "text": "MUMBAI: Jism 2 star Sunny Leone, who was named the 2003 Penthouse Pet of the Year, is down on sex these days - ifyou're a cat or a dog, that is. Seductively winking her eye while posing next to the caption \"Too Much Sex Can Be a Bad Thing.Sterilise Your Dogs and Cats\", Sunny stars in a brand-new ad for PETA India. Sunny wants her legions of fans around the world to know that the only way to take a bite out of the homeless-animal crisis is always to have your cats and dogs spayed or neutered. The stunning ad reminds people that every cat or dog struggling to survive on the streets or languishing in an animal shelter had a mother and father whose guardians didn't have them sterilised. \"I believe in not buying, and adopting,\" says Sunny. \"And it's because there are so many dogs out there that need a home, that can't find a home, that were abused, that were left on the streets. They just need that love, and if you can rescue an animal, then that's the greatest gift you can give\".She further explains, \"I believe that every single dog should be spayed and neutered. You don't want to continue the cycle of homeless dogs or cats. And spaying and neutering also keeps them healthy. It prevents them from having different diseases that they can get if they are not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15362712", "title": "Centre's road safety funding welcome; still much more wanted", "text": "MUMBAI: In what seems to be a much-needed acknowledgement of the toll that road accidents are taking on citizens, the Centre has pledged a one-time seed capital fund to all states to boost their road safety infrastructure.The move is pertinent given that nearly 375 lives are lost to road accidents everyday in India and 1,284 persons injured. Accidents have been showing a rising graph with 2.2% more deaths reported in 2011 than in 2010, as per figures recorded by the National Crime Records Bureau 2011. Many of these are instances of drunken driving and under-age speeding in gross neglect of existing laws. Worryingly, the World Health Organisation predicts that road accidents will become India's third biggest killer by 2020.States will now be required to create a road safety fund to finance varied aspects of road safety from ambulances to provide emergency medical care to procurement of safety equipment such as breath analysers to detect instances of drunken driving. The fund amount from the Centre will be proportionate to the number of vehicles in respective states and will be sanctioned as part of the 12 th Five Year Plan. In an important move it would also require setting up of driver training institutes, a need of the hour given the unregulated vacuum in which driving licenses are currently doled out.The Centre's role however, should not end at merely earmarking funds. There needs to be a systematic monitoring of where the funds are channelized and utilized. State should be made to draw up road safety plans that are implemented to time-bound deadlines. There should also be a simultaneous monitoring of road safety accidents so that danger zones can be identified and precautionary measures implemented. Leading national highways which have witnessed many casualties for instance, lack trauma care centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357257", "title": "No end to violence in rural Vadakara", "text": "KOZHIKODE: An all-party meeting convened by revenue divisional officer K K Rajan at Vadakara on Saturday urged people to maintain peace in the region which saw violence in the last three days.Several persons were injured and shops were destroyed in clashes between CPM and Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) activists at Vadakara, Perambra and Nadapuram. Tension still prevails in some interior areas in the district.An unidentified group pelted stones at two buses in Vadakara town on Saturday morning. Another bus was attacked in Iringallur. CPM and BJP took out marches in Vadakara town in protest against the attack on party offices. A clash between CPM and IUML activists was reported from Balussery.Vadakara circle inspector P Sasikumar said the situation was under control and that police had been deployed in tension-filled areas in Vadakara and Perambra.Meanwhile, the traders' organizations observed hartal in Perambra on Saturday in protest against attacks on shops in the town on Friday. A hotel and a textile showroom were targeted during the violence that broke out after CPM's protest march turned violent. In Vadakara, 14 shops were attacked on Friday. A group of protesters even targeted the Urban Bank. Private bus operators organized a strike protesting against the attack on buses. Five buses were targeted during the clashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357174", "title": "A 'fast' rise and quick fall?", "text": "NAGPUR: Anna Hazare has sat on several indefinite and short fasts for different causes over the years. But, it was the effort at Jantar Mantar in April last year that the spotlight first returned on hunger strike as a bargaining tool in the political arena. The government was forced to bend as janata-backed Anna mounted pressure on the central government for the Jan Lokpal Bill.But, over a short period of 16 months, 'fasting' seems to have lost its advantage. Anna was at it again a couple of times but finally seems to have abandoned the tool last week. Fasting for a cause may forever lose its charm now.Veteran social activist Umesh Choubey said fasting earlier was used \"solely for religious purposes\". \"It was during the freedom struggle that various people used it as a tool to make their point. Mahatma Gandhi used the method most effectively. After him many people have used fasting as a political and social weapon, but none could match the mass support which Anna mustered,\" he said.Fasting in India is seen as a divine effort and the person sitting on protest is guaranteed to garner public support, according to Mala Singh, who heads the psychology department at the well-known Hislop College. \"If the values of the person who is fasting, match with those of the public, there will be mass support. Corruption is plaguing the country and Anna Hazare seemed to offer a solution. Hence, when he sat on fast there was hysteria-like situation,\" she explained.People across the country staged fast along with Anna, something which Singh says, is a natural progression. \"We are prone to mass frenzy and blindly follow the actions of our idols without questioning any of it,\" said Mala.But why do people choose fasting as a weapon? Choubey feels it is simply the best option available. \"At the extreme end you can't go the Naxalite way with guns in your hands and, simple petitions and letters don't work either. By fasting you torture yourself just so that you, and hopefully others, realize how important a particular issue is,\" he said.India Against Corruption's (IAC) city coordinator Ajay Sanghi said, \"Picking up a stone to smash windows of public transport vehicles or offices is the easiest way to get your point across in our country, but that does not make it right. Fasting is for self purification and search for the truth. It helps make your resolve much stronger for your cause.\"Chandrapur-based social activist Bandu Dhotre, who recently staged an indefinite fast for the conservation of forests and tigers, said, \"If your demands are valid and you choose a non-violent method like fasting to put the point across everyone will support you. Even your detractors will be left with no choice but to accept your point of view,\" said Dhotre.After the April 2011 agitation, Anna drew more support during the August encore, this time at Ramlila Maidan. But not this time. The last agitation at Jantar Mantar, which ended on Friday, could well be termed a failure since this time the government did not even react.Mala says it became a case of overkill because of its failure to yield results. \"Masses always love anything which is different and that is why many got associated with Anna last year. But mass hysteria always works towards a goal or end. They will not attach themselves to such methods of agitation, fasting in this case, if it fails to achieve the goal,\" she reasoned.State EGS minister Nitin Raut believes that it was the misuse of a method that Gandhiji used which caused disenchantment among people. \"Gandhiji used to fast for the freedom struggle and never entered politics, he continued to serve the public. But people have now realized that fasting was used by Team Anna for their own political gains and hence many turned away from them,\" said Raut.Dhotre adds that meeting the desired goals involves much more than having the right issue and fasting for it. \"I have sat on eight fasts so far and I know that success came come only if you can draw crowds. Public agitation is like preparing for an arranged marriage where everyone has to get involved so that the event is a success. But Anna's current agitation was like a love marriage where everybody was kept in dark,\" he said.He added that Anna's NGO has fantastic network in rural areas while IAC has considerable presence in urban spots. \"If both could have coordinated better, huge crowd support could have been garnered,\" said Dhotre.However, Choubey feels that fasting as a political weapon will never lose its utility. \"Just because Anna's current fasting agitation was a failure does not mean we can write off the method totally. It is still the most potent and the most non-violent method for achieving one's goals,\" he said.Sanghi sums it up by saying that fasting is the only method where the only person being troubled or inconvenienced is the one doing it. \"What better way to tell the world that I am hurt, I am in pain and only you have the power to help me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358229", "title": "Army mulls better facilities for ex-soldiers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The year 2012 is being observed as the 'Year of the veterans' in the Central Command. As a part of the activities directed towards welfare of ex-servicemen, Lt Gen Anil Chait, GOC-in-C, Central Command would be visiting the districts of Agra, Etawah, Mainpuri and Firozabad.Surya Command is exploring the possibilities of opening additional Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS) Polyclinics, extension counters of CSD, transit accommodation at ECHS polyclinics for comfort of ex-servicemen who visit these polyclinics. tnnChait will meet the ex-servicemen of the area so as to gain first hand inputs of the hardship and difficulties being faced by them. Lt Gen Anil Chait will also pay homage by laying a wreath at War Memorial at a Para Brigade in Agra in memory of all those brave martyrs who laid down their lives in the defence of their motherland.The districts of Agra, Etawah, Mainpuri and Firozabad have been contributing significantly to the armed forces for long and the combined population of ex-servicemen and their dependents in these districts exceeds one lakh. Any welfare scheme initiated in these areas will go a long way in ameliorating the difficulties and hardships being faced by these soldiers who have selflessly served the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15358406", "title": "Reduction in footpath width to solve Mapusa parking woes", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa municipal council (MMC) has discussed various measures to decongest Mapusa town.Mapusa, known for its Friday market, and a very important commercial town of North Goa is day-by-day getting more and more congested and facing grave woes of haphazard parking.In a bid to reduce acute traffic congestion and parking problems in Mapusa, the municipal council decided to work on several measures to decongest the town.In a first move in that direction, the municipality has passed a resolution to reduce the width of the footpaths along the road stretch from union pharmacy to old Asilo and develop that space for parking. The municipality has also decided to give that stretch a facelift.\"The road stretch from the union pharmacy to old Asilo will be beautified and developed in to a parking lot to ease traffic congestion,\" MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said.Because of hazardous parking, this stretch always faces heavy traffic congestion which also inconveniences students.In another major decision, the municipality has resolved to stop interstate buses from entering the town and from plying through the main town area.\"Long distance buses will be allowed to enter into the town only via Hotel GreenPark and not via Peddem or Duler as is currently the practice,\" Kandolkar informed STOI.He informed that fish vendors and vegetable vendors will be shifted to the new premises after the construction of the vegetable market and fish market and that will create a lot of space for parking.Urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza recently stated that Mapusa will soon have a new bus stand and the city's parking problems will be eased as the existing space will be used exclusively for parking. The MMC chairperson admitted that the market needs to be decongested and added that proper steps will also be taken in this regard.The MMC also has land of 500sq m near St Xavier's college, where it seeks to build a multipurpose building with shops, offices and a hall,\" Kandolkar said. Works will be taken up by the Goa state urban development agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356715", "title": "Story of Ahmedabad takes listeners into city's souls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was not chance that brought two individuals - one, a painter who made the city his inspiration and the other, an architect who considered the city his mission - under one roof to share their experience of a soulful transformation. One of the city's leading artists, Amit Ambalal, must have dug deep into his memories to resurrect tales of the little-known encounters of Kalaguru Ravishankar Raval with Mahatma Gandhi, the personal visits of Raja Ravi Varma to the city and his connections with some of the leading industrialists of the early twentieth century.\"Ahmedabad has always existed in layers, a trait the city carries even to this day. Here, tradition intertwines with modernity, religion with science, art with language. It's such an unusual co-incidence, very rare in other cities,\" says Ambalal.The artist was speaking at 'The Story of Ahmedabad' organized by Jyoti Sangh at the Gujarati Vishwakosh trust auditorium in Usmanpura on Saturday. Ambalal ran through the old pictures taken by Colonel Biggs of the walled city and his old house in Raikhad. In his narration, he remembered contributions of artists like Kanhaiyalal Munshi, Kanu Desai and Chaganbhai Jhadav. He even showed pictures of the first film photo studio of the city, which was Lukhmanji studio. One of the first to bring photography to Ahmedabad was Jaisinh Hutheesingh according to Ambalal.\"When Rabindranath Tagore 'Guruji' first came to Ahmedabad, Mahatma Gandhi requested that Tagore be given a royal welcome. In 1920 stately arrangements were made and music was organized in Victoria Garden for Guruji. The event went off without a hitch,\" says Ambalal. The artist explained how the 1860s was a turning point in the history of the city, when people first started venturing out of the secured walls of city. Between 1866 and 1878, came the first mills, Railways and Ellis Bridge.Taking over from Ambalal was Debashish Nayak, the architect who has spent the last 15 years working for conservation of the city's heritage. Nayak narrated the stories of chabutras and how they became an indelible part of the city's culture. He spoke of the otlas of the many pol houses, that became podiums for individuals who led ground-breaking revolutions in modernism and business. He also spoke about the freedom struggle and the its confluence with the Bengal revolution and the city's support to the movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357272", "title": "District fast turning urban as Kozhikode vies for metro status", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The rapid pace of urbanization witnessed by the district with the number of urban dwellers doubling in the last 10 years is prompting the town planning officials to aspire for a metro status for the city in its urban planning.Though this phenomenon is catching up across the state, the scale and pace of the process in the district is unprecedented. The district now leads the state in urbanization with 67.15% of its population living in urban areas as opposed to the state average of 47.72%, according to the town planning authorities. The urban population in the district has swelled from 11 lakh in 2001 to around 20 lakh in 2011. \"There has been an unbelievable rate of urbanization, which is unparalleled in the state. It is fast acquiring a metropolitan character and it is next only to Kochi in the development surge. This could be a major driver for economic growth and development. The time has come for us to think of developing Kozhikode as a metro city,\" regional town planner G Sasikumar said. Over 52 villages bordering the city limits have been transformed into urban areas.He said that according to projections for 2025, 70% of the total urban population will be based in the corporation limits. The city has become the gateway to the entire Malabar.He said the reasons for rapid urbanization could be the diverse income streams including the remittance economy, the shrinking agriculture areas and the shifting trends in employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15357213", "title": "Potholes to be filled in 2 days, Nashik Municipal Corporation says", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee (SC) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Saturday said that all potholes on city roads will be filled in the next two days.Speaking to TOI on Saturday, Uddhav Nimese, chairman of the SC said, \"The NMC administration has just started to fill up potholes in the city and all potholes are expected to be filled by the next two days. The city roads will be pothole-free within the next two days. We were waiting for the asphalt to fill up the potholes plus the work could not be commenced as it had continued to rain for the last two-three days. But the work on the roads has begun now.\"Owing to the monsoon, potholes on roads across all the six NMC divisions slowed down vehicular traffic and created snarls on arterial roads and junctions. But the civic body had still not taken measures over the issue and appeared slow to react even though two months of an already-delayed rainy season had already passed.Nimse, during the last standing committee meeting on July 26, had directed municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to fill up the potholes across the city within eight days. Khandare too had said at the meeting that the potholes would be filled within the next eight days. But even after more than eight days, the NMC administration had not undertaken work to fix the city's cratered roads.Earlier, Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste had slammed NMC officials for not making provisions to reolve the issue given that the monsoon had already begun. The city has so far received only moderate rainfall. Standing committee members Seema Hiray, Vishal Gholap, Vaishali Dani and Prakash Londhe also complained that the NMC officials had shown negligence in getting the job done.NMC city engineer Sunil Khune had said, \"The length of the city's roads is around 2,000 km. Every year NMC makes a provision of Rs 30-40 lakh for road repairs in each prabhag and for leveling potholes during monsoon. We will soon invite tenders to carry out the repairs and potholes-filling works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356884", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation water tax story", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has decided to tax more housing complexes for the water they use to ensure steady financial assistance from the Centre under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme. The union urban development ministry had earlier instructed the state government to impose water tax to avail of JNNURM funds for development projects.Some of the JNNURM projects that are underway in Kolkata include a Rs 200-crore water augmentation for EM Bypass residents, a Rs 500-crore sewerage and drainage upgrade project and beautification of the BBD Bag area.Following the Centre's diktat, the state government had asked the KMC to take necessary steps to generate more revenue. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee on Saturday said the KMC would have to do \"something\" to honour the Centre's instruction. \"Let us interact with the state government and work out how to go about the Centre's instruction,\" Chatterjee said. However, he made it clear that the civic body will not levy water fees from the slum areas.The KMC has placed orders to buy 150 water meters to assess the usage of water and raise revenue in the process. To begin with, the meters will be installed in housing complexes - government and private. A senior KMC official said a large number of housing apartments have applied for the installation of meters to ensure supply from the Palta waterworks. The KMC has installed such meters at Palta and Garden Reach treatment plant to take stock of the water-supply mechanism.Sources in the Kolkata Environment Improvement Project said a proposal had been sent to the Asian Development Bank (ADB) for releasing funds for water meters. \"We have sent a proposal to the ADB headquarters in Manila for procuring water meters. We are waiting for the approval,\" said a senior KEIP official. It was necessary to install water meters to impress the funding bank, which had earlier instructed the civic body to augment water revenue.If things go as planned, the KMC water supply department will install the meters in housing estates in Ultadanga, Kankurgachhi, Bagbazar, Bidhan Sarani, Camac Street, Loudon Street, Bhowanipore, Rashbehari Avenue, New Alipore, Tollygunge, EM Bypass and other areas.\"We will begin with government housing estates during the first phase of metering. Once it is complete, we will shift to private residential complexes for revenue generation,\" said a senior KMC water supply department official. The officials hope to earn an additional Rs 5 crore annually as water tax from housing estates. Currently, the department collects Rs 6 crore as water tax from the housing complexes annually. As per an estimate of the water supply department, the KMC would be able to collect Rs 70-80 crore annually once the new system becomes functional.Besides the commercial and industrial segment, the KMC has been charging water fees from households where water is supplied through 20 and 25-mm ferrule. In simple terms, water tax is charged from owners of those buildings whose property's annual valuation is Rs 10,000 and above. The KMC authorities wanted to trim down the minimum level (valuation) to Rs 4,600. However, that effort did not bear fruits after Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee asked former mayor Subrata Mukherjee not to impose water tax in that manner. \"Once we are allowed to get back to the old system and start charging water tax from 15-mm ferrule connection, we can bring 20 lakh more subscribers into our tax net,\" said a KMC official.However, a section of KMC water supply department felt that the administration should at first try to bring the bulk users to its tax net. According to a senior water supply department engineer, of the 1,46,000 buildings in the city which have been identified as \"bulk users\" in the domestic segment, only 9,000 buildings, so far, could be brought under the civic body water tax net.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361218", "title": "The new fists of fury", "text": "As Bane and Batman lock themselves in a fistfight, Shikha Desai finds out how martial art forms like Jeet Kune Do, Keysi and Silat are becoming popular in Hollywood, Bollywood and beyond...Afight between the protagonist and the anti-hero these days is not just about physical strength. As we saw with the epic finale of Christopher Nolan's Batman series, The Dark Knight Rises, mental strength to outwit a physically stronger ally creates a far more lasting impact. It's for this reason that climax scenes in gritty action films over the past few years have seen more hand-to-hand combat involving martial arts rather than big guns, sharp knives and large swords that we've been used to.Jeet Kune Do, Keysi and Silat, in particular, are three martial art forms which have become favourites with film directors and action choreographers all over the world. What was once restricted to Bruce Lee films or Chuck Norris action hits, is now taking over the world.\"More and more action movies are now steeped in reality, so action has become more spontaneous, free-flowing and guided by mental strength, says martial artiste Chitah Yajness Shetty, who is also the ambassador of Jeet Kune Do in India. Bollywood is also witnessing this refreshing change. Action-oriented films such as Dhoom 2, Dabangg and Force are reinventing action choreography in the Hindi film industry too. Dabangg incorporates a well-developed combination of Muay Thai and Parkour. Action director Allan Amin, who choreographed thrilling hand-tohand combat scenes in Force, says, \"Both extremely fit and highly trained, John Abraham and Vidyut Jamwal, were equal opponents in the film. Vidyut has trained in Indian martial art form Kalaripayattu, gymnastics and Kung Fu.\"\"The current trend which is bending towards hand-tohand fights is in perfect sync with Jeet Kune Do founder and legendary actor Bruce Lee's philosophy of minimal movement with maximum effect and extreme speed,\" adds Shetty. Even schools, in urban cities, are incorporating martial arts into their curriculum. \"These combat techniques discipline children, and train their mind to concentrate better and become alert, says Master Mahesh Rana, who teaches martial arts at the Anjuman-I-Islam School in Mumbai. After all, it's not just the caped crusader, who needs to learn the skills of survival in today's world.Jeet Kune Do is a hybrid martial arts system and life philosophy founded by martial artiste Bruce Lee. He believed that combat has to be spontaneous and that a martial artiste cannot predict it, only react to it.Silat is an indigenous martial art of Southeast Asia that arose out of hunting methods and military training by the region's native inhabitants.Keysi (Fighting Method) was born in the 1950s on the streets of Spain. It's dedicated towards survival on modern-day streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15356832", "title": "Power failure and rain mar Darjeeling's big day", "text": "Darjeeling: What started with a bang in 2011 ended in a sort of a whimper on Saturday. The kind of enthusiasm witnessed at Pintail village on June 18, 2011, when the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) agreement was signed was strangely missing at the Darjeeling Mall on Saturday when the GTA members took oath. Barely 2,500 people had gathered to cheer the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leaders who took oath. Nearly ten times the number had gathered at the Pintail village in 2011 though it is barely a few kilometers from Siliguri where the GJM has little influence.Even a GJM leader conceded that the party has lost ground in the last one year. \"Trouble is that the top GJM leadership has lost touch with the people. Most people today support the GJM out of fear. Everybody is scared of a violent backlash if they speak out,\" he said.It was bad business at the Mall on Saturday with most shops remaining shut throughout the day due to the ceremony. The worst affected were the temporary stall owners who sat at their empty stalls as a handful of tourists passed by., many of who sat at their empty stalls as the few tourists passed them by.Save for the Mall, life went on as usual for the rest of Darjeeling.Whatever interruption that occurred was due to the power failure that started from the morning itself. It was of little benefit to the people of the hill station that both chief minister Mamata Banerjee and governor M K Narayanan were in town.Darjeeling remained without electricity for the better part of the day with the steady drone of gensets destroying the peace and quiet. The presence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee and governor M K Narayanan had little impact.\"It happens every time there is a thunderstorm. The weather is rarely good in the Hills at this time of the year so you can imagine our plight. Why should the Hills people suffer in this way?\" the owner of a cafe asked. He had not been able to serve food to customers due to the power failure.According to power department officials in Siliguri, transmission lines that pass through Jaldhaka and Sukna fail whenever the weather deteriorates. The morning showers and the heavy downpour in the evening brought in more problems for the residents.An elderly woman tried her best to clear a clogged drain outside the well-known Joey's Pub while people walked through ankle-deep muck. \"See, Mamata didi wants to turn this into Switzerland. I wonder whether people in Switzerland have seen such wonderful sights. Nothing happened during the GNLF's time and you will get to see the same sight if you return after five years and you,\" she said, disgust writ large on her face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358958", "title": "'Attacks in other cities could provide leads'", "text": "PUNE: Investigations into the August 1 blasts here are now focused on the attacks at various places in the country in the past that involved similar modus operandi as bicycles were used there. Three bicycles with explosive devices were used in the Jangli Maharaj road blasts too.\"We are collecting details of those incidents (other cities) and the outcome of their probe to find out leads in the Pune incident,\" a senior police officer told TOI on Saturday.In the past, there have been incidents of terrorists using bicycles as an improvised explosive device for executing blasts in places like Malegaon, Delhi, Ahmedabad and Jaipur, the officer said.Police investigators said the perpetrators of the serial blasts in the city may not have taken any local assistance. Their hunch is primarily based on the fact that the intense search operations carried out at lodges and hotels across drew a blank.\"We have circulated the two sketches of the suspects in the Pune blasts among all the lodges and hotels to secure some lead, but this yielded no results,\" the officer said.The sketches were drawn from the description given by the owner of a shop at Phadke Haud in the city from where two new bicycles which were used in the blasts were purchased.The crime branch has shown the sketches to their informants and sources. The sketches have also been circulated among the state anti-terrorism squad and other police units. \"We are still in the process of tracing the shop from where the third bicycle was bought,\" the officer said, adding that they were also trying to zero down on the locations visited by the suspects by analysing the data of mobile phone calls made on the day of blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357671", "title": "Stray cows clog south Delhi roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stray cattle menace is back. From blocking traffic on arterial roads to damaging the greens in residential colonies, untended cattle have become a nuisance to which the civic agencies have no answer.Officials of South Delhi Municipal Corporation claim they have repeatedly complained against the owners of dairies illegally operating from urban areas but Delhi Police does not register FIRs against them.\"There are massive traffic jams on the main road, as stray cattle block it. Despite repeated complaints, the civic agency does nothing in this regard,'' said Aruna, a resident of South Extension-I.According to an estimate, there are close to 120 dairies illegally operating in urban areas. Although the Delhi high court had ordered the erstwhile MCD to shift all the dairies outside urban areas by August 2008, the civic agency failed to do so.Recently, the civic agency started a drive to remove illegal dairies, but officials say the police did not support them. \"We have carried out several raids on dairies which are operating in urban areas and impounded the animals. We send the cattle to the cow shelter and ask police to file FIRs. But not many FIRs have been registered against these dairy owners. They buy cattle from outside Delhi and again start their business. Without taking strict action against them, it will be difficult to control the cattle menace in the city,'' said a South Corporation official.In 2002, the Delhi high court had asked the erstwhile MCD to shift dairies outside urban areas. Following this, the civic agency started Ghogha Dairy Project under which 2,080 plots were developed. But not many dairy owners have shifted there.\"People are reluctant to shift to Ghogha Dairy. With great difficultly we were able to remove cattle from the street. Although dairy owners have been illegally operating in the city, in the next few months we will ensure that there is no dairy in urban areas. Dairies are allowed in 'rural' villages,'' said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the South Corporation's standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361580", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s Sudigadu releasing on Aug 24", "text": "Allari Naresh's forthcoming movie \"Sudigadu\" is schedule for release on August 24. A remake of Tamil film \"Thamizh Padam\", the film's trailer has already created waves and has made the film personalities waiting for the release.The trailer showcased Allari Naresh imitating all the top stars from the popular films but the actor informed all the actors had received well and they were showering praises on the actor. Billed as a spoof of 108 famous films of last decade, Sudigadu has generated a lot of curiosity and promises to be an out-and-out entertainer.Monal Gujjar is sharing the screen space with the actor as the female lead. Directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced Chandra Sekhar Reddy under Arundhati banner, Sudigadu is currently in post production stage and is set for release on August 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358327", "title": "Yellow school buses for all soon", "text": "PANAJI: After the issue of lack of transportation to students of government high schools located in interior regions came to the fore last week, the state government initiated the process of allotting free school buses to all government high schools and higher secondary schools.The state government on Friday conveyed to the directorate of education (DoE) that it was decided to process tenders for buses to government high schools and higher secondary schools.The DoE has now directed its assistant and deputy directors of education through a circular to inform the directorate of the requirement of buses for the government institutions and the routes for the buses to ply by Monday.The officials have been asked to ensure that all government institutions are 'taken care of.' At a meeting at the directorate of education called last week to discuss poor pass percentage at Class X in government schools, headmasters of the schools complained of poor facilities to state-run institutions and said that there are some schools in rural areas dependent on a lone bus plying on the route.Headmasters said that such government schools remain shut on some days when the single bus operating on the route does not function and students and teachers cannot make it to the school for the day.The government school heads also said that facilities of free school buses from the state provided to aided schools were denied to government schools.After the matter was reported by TOI, it was raised at the ongoing session of the legislative assembly by Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte which led chief minister Manohar Parrikar to assure that all facilities including free buses would be provided to government schools as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356862", "title": "Tipper lorry kills schoolgirl", "text": "CHENNAI: In the second accident in less than 10 days in the suburbs, a seven-year-old girl, G Lakshya, was crushed to death by a tipper lorry near Somangalam in Kancheepuram district on Saturday morning.\"Lakshya was rushing to get a chart to paste pictures of animals and plants as part of her assignment, which she was supposed to submit on Monday,\" Lakshya's mother Ramya said, dabbing away her tears.She was crossing the road connecting Somangalam and Tambaram when the lorry hit the child. She fell down on the ground bleeding profusely. Angered passersby chased the lorry. The driver abandoned the lorry near a quarry and fled the scene. Enraged residents set fire to the vehicle and prevented fire and rescue services personnel, who came there, from dousing the fire.The child who sustained head injuries was rushed to a private hospital where she was declared brought dead. The body was sent to the government hospital in Chromepet for autopsy and later handed over to her parents. The Somangalam police are on the lookout for the driver.The accident comes close on the heels of the death of S Shruthi, who fell through a gaping hole in a school bus and was crushed to death at Selaiyur on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364801", "title": "Versova siblings pesticide poisoning case, parents questioned", "text": "MUMBAI: The police said that they will call the parents of the Versova siblings, Rehab and Rameez Chougle who died of pesticide poisoning, next week for detail questioning. The police will try to convince the parents to give their consent to exhume the deceased bodies for the post-mortem. The parents returned from Muscat on Friday and met senior police officers stating that they were ready to cooperate with the police.The parents told the police that they had left the country without informing anybody as the police had not instructed them to stay back or keep them apprised of their movements. The police have no evidence to suggest foul play in the incident at present. After verification of circumstantial evidence they believe that the accident was the cause of the twin deaths.An officer said that Rehab's stomach wash report stated that she died of poisoning and it was found in her stomach. As Rameez also displayed similar symptoms, the cause of both deaths was likely to be the same said an officer. The police want to exhume the bodies to ascertain the negligence on the part of the doctor who conducted Rehab's post-mortem.The police have registered a case under IPC Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and had arrested three accused in the case. The accused, Rukhsar Almelkar, had fumigated the siblings' house and other two accused were a shop keeper who sold the pesticide to her and a chemical supplier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358825", "title": "Kaun banega Panjab University controller of exam?", "text": "With uncertainty prevailing over the appointment of the next controller of examination (CoE), a key post at Panjab University, TOI takes a look at the current status of selection for the positionParwinder Singh Associate professor (chemistry), Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42His selection was in dock since August 2011. He moved Punjab and Haryana high court seeking intervention in the matter when certain syndics objected to the nature of his \"administrative experience\" counted.In May 2011, the post of CoE was advertised and eventually nine candidates appeared before the selection panel in August 2011. This 10-member high profile selection panel comprised six vice-chancellors, former PU VC R P Bambah, a chancellor nominee and the former VC R C Sobti.\"I have 25 years teaching experience and have all requisite qualifications for the post. For reasons best known to the present syndicate, an official communication never reached me about my selection although it was mentioned in the syndicate proceedings,\" rues Singh. With specialization in organic chemistry and a PhD degree in physical-analytical chemistry, his selection was opposed by a section of syndicate members. Others who appeared in the interview in August 2011 include, Gurudev Singh, Ranjit Singh, Subhash Chander, Jasbir Singh Chawla, Shishank Tyagi, Deepak Kapur, Sarabjeet Singh, Jagjit Singh, Parwinder Singh.A K Bhandari (Officiating CoE) Professer at PU's department of mathematicsHe has been permanently appointed as the PU registrar and co-chairs the senate proceedings with the vice-chancellor. However, he has complained of overburden with the dual charges in past and even tendered his resignation early this year. Besides these two charges, he was also given the charge of mathematics department chairperson.His resignation was turned down by the former VC R C Sobti and he was asked to continue. UIAMS professor, Pradeep Sharma was offered the officiating charge, but he declined. Amid high drama, orders were issued by the former VC for appointing Sharma as the new officiating CoE, which had to be withdrawn when the latter expressed his unwillingness to assume charge.The next CoEThe Punjab and Haryana high court has directed PU to reconsider the matter. The final authority is with the university syndicate members and eventually the senate to take a final call. The CoE at PU is at the helm of affairs, from conducting exams in close to 188 affiliated colleges and now twice for all post-graduate courses due to semester system, with close to 2 lakh students appearing through regular courses and 7,000 questions papers set each year by his department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15365466", "title": "Bank employee booked for raping maid", "text": "THANE: A private bank employee from the district has been booked on the charge of raping his 22-year-old domestic help at his house, and his doctor wife for abetting the alleged crime, police said on Sunday.Dr Pravin Kadam, a resident of Nallasopara in the district, had allegedly sexually assaulted the woman in February and also clicked her photographs on his mobile phone, sub-inspector Hemant Patil of Nallasopara police station said.The victim, who hailed from Solapur, fled the city without reporting the incident to anyone, he said.However, Kadam's wife Dr Preeti allegedly called her up somewhere in last month and threatened her of circulating her pictures if she disclosed the matter to anyone, following which the victim lodged a complaint at Sadar Bazaar police station there. The case was eventually transferred to Thane.The couple has been booked under sections 376 (punishment for rape), 500 (punishment for defamation) and section 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) read with section 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC) and further investigations are on, police said, adding no arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15358363", "title": "Two Keralites held for four thefts in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested two natives of Kerala in connection with four thefts that occurred in Ponda over the last month and a half.Both the accused have confessed to the crime and the police have sought two-days police custody of the duo from the JMFC, Ponda, to investigate their role in any other theft, police said.Police said the accused Rajendra Sadashivan, 40, and Jabi John, 21, had taken a flat on rent at Durgabhat. The duo used a car to conduct the thefts and was traced when their car was found in Ponda on Friday. Some informants had also informed the police that the accused had intended to flee from Goa by changing the registration plate on the car, Ponda police inspector Sagar Ekoskar said.\"A complainant in a case spotted a car at Durgabhat-Ponda that was allegedly seen at the crime scenes. He informed the police about the car and police detained the accused on suspicion. They later confessed to the crime,\" the police said.The Ponda PI said they have detected four cases and recovered goods totaling 1.63 lakh. The recovered goods include a wristwatch worth around 1.2 lakh; a netbook, two Samsung mobile phones and one digital camera, all worth 43, 000 and a paints' can and packets of plaster of paris (PoP).No cash was found on them, said police. The goods were stolen in cases including housebreaking thefts and theft from cars where they broke windshields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15352232", "title": "Request, accept, get real this Friendship Day", "text": "On this Friendship Day, we find out whether 'friendship' has got a new makeover in a world ruled by virtual paradigmBeing with friends is like eating an apple pie baked by you. You exchange an honest (and a jolly good) part with a friend, you earn it, keep it alive \u2014 and that's why, when you're young, friendship comes as a gift you chose for yourself.But there's been a twist to this tale in the new-age world. Enter social networking and there comes a drastic change in the dynamics of the word 'friendship'. It's a lot easier now to bake that apple pie. 'Request-Accept-Like', like those washing powder ads, we're offered with a formula so easy \u2014 to earn the bonds that are supposed to last a lifetime. So has friendship got a new makeover? \"Friendship definitely survives more on the social networking grounds now,\" says Yashvardhan Prasad, an MS University student, \"It's much more easier to put a status update saying 'I just broke up' than call close friends and seek comfort.\" He speaks for many youngsters when he adds, \"We're more comfortable in chatting online maybe because it's faster. When it comes to building relationships, dealing with emotions/issues; we are in many ways a confused generation \u2014 and hundreds of friends online come as a temporary but easy solution to it.\"Young entrepreneur Wiedhy Patel remembers the birthday calendars she used to make when no networking site used to send her reminders, \"Social networking has dwarfed the efforts one used to put in relationships,\" she complains, \"Now I don't need any handmade calendar by my bedside. Earlier we had fewer friends but more feelings and now it's just the opposite.\"Relationship expert and psychiatrist Hansal Bhachech seconds her, explaining, \"It's a generation of attention and sensation seekers. They like it fast and easy. The need to find excitement out of everything is shifting their preference to public platform of social networking than emotional bonds that are cherished more personally. We are going, as usual, the western way; where the therapist/psychiatrist is the person with whom we talk/share.\" But it isn't too late though, he says adding, \"Our family culture still makes us realize the need of close ones and the power their presence has \u2014 when we face critical situations. Many youngsters are now looking at connecting with their friends at an intimate level. Because nothing can ever replace feeling of actually being with loved ones.\"So, on this Friendship Day, let's take a retro look and remind ourselves of what it actually means being with a group of those crazy, loud but make-us-happy-forever souls whom we call friends. Who knew our favourite song long before reading it online, who knew our pet-names and also took care to order a pizza without tomatoes because that dear friend is allergic to it. So, it's time to look beyond the 700+ friends on social networking sites. It's time to get real.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358591", "title": "88 IISER students presented degreesFirst batch of IISER, Pune get degrees", "text": "PUNE: A total of 88 students, who had passed out from the city-based Indian Institute of Science Education and Research last year, finally got their degrees on Saturday, following the amendment in the National Institute of Technology Act, which was passed by Rajya Sabha in May. About 44 students from 2010 and 2011 batches each received their degrees from Sam Pitroda, advisor to the Prime Minister. The convocation ceremony was held at its campus in Pashan.Before the National Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2010, was passed, the IISERs were not covered under any Act of the Parliament that would enable them to confer degrees on students. However, on April 30, the Rajya Sabha passed the Bill that sought to add the five IISERs: Kolkata, Pune, Mohali, Bhopal and Thiruvananthapuram under the Act. The passage of the Bill has now enabled these five IISERs to grant degrees to the students who passed out last year but had not got their degrees so far.The convocation ceremony was held on Saturday at IISERs new campus in Pashan. C B Ajit, who is presently pursuing PhD at the Pennsylvania State University , Philadelphia , US, was presented the gold medal for the Masters in Studies (MS) dual degree programme 2006-2011.Surojit Sural and Mohammed Zuhair were jointly awarded gold medal for the MS dual degree programme for 2007-2012 academic year.In the director's report, K N Ganesh said, \"The institute has rapidly grown during the first six years. The main mission of the institute is to impart research-based teaching and cross-disciplinary research in areas of science and train students with lifelong competency skills.\"The IISER has more than 200 academic courses encompassing four basic disciplines of physics, chemistry, biology, mathematics and humanities.The institute is well equipped for research in nano-science, materials science, chemical biology, spectroscopy, life sciences, theoretical mathematical sciences. IISER, Pune also has a number of international exchange programmes for students and faculty members with universities in the United Kingdom , Germany and the US.During the first convocation, IISER, Pune's first PhD degree was also awarded to D Resmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357731", "title": "'Classical music helps connect with god'", "text": "In its quest to promote the cause of Hindustani classical music, Spic Macay has initiated its Virasat series under which doyens of various classical genres are performing at different institutions of the region. In the city for a slew of performances are noted flautist Ronu Mazumdar and the master of Indian slide guitar, Pt Vishwamohan Bhatt. Finding time between their performances, the two maestros spoke to TOI about this movement, the state of Hindustani classical music and the need for a dedicated channel for classical music.Satisfied with the manner in which the Spic Macay movement has promoted the cause, Pt Bhatt says that the initiative has created awareness about different musicians and their craft. \"It has helped in building a bridge between musicians and the youth,\" he observes. Pt Mazumdar says that the initiative has been effective but that it is not enough. \"Under the cultural onslaught faced by Indian art forms, there is a lot of knowledge which got destroyed. It's time now that parents and the corporate sector join hands with Spic Macay to take it to another level,\" he says.Lamenting the small space that is given to Hindustani classical music in this era of round-the-clock entertainment , Mazumdar says, \"Pure classical forms are getting stifled in small groups.\" \"And television,\" adds Pt Bhatt, \"which has channels dedicated to animals, does not include classical music in its bouquet. I actually thank my audiences for sacrificing their time otherwise devoted to 200 channels. AIR also now gives slots to only those programmes which are sponsored,\" he says.The musicians say that they continue to innovate to connect with the audiences. \"To be attractive to every segment of our audience, music has to change without diluting the traditional form,\" says Pt Bhatt. \"We can repackage and redesign our craft, but the problem is with the availability of a platform. Children often complain that they don't get to hear this music,\" says Mazumdar. But technology has played its part in promoting it, adds Pt. Bhatt. \"Today, we can hear any musician on YouTube . With a click of a mouse, the entire repertoire of a musician is available.\" But this is at a cost, feels Mazumdar. \"Availability of music in the digital domain is wringing musicians dry financially.\"In the end, what remains important is preservation and promotion of this heritage. \"Music is a means for connecting with god. Out of crores of people, only a handful are able to perfect this craft,\" says Bhatt. Agrees Pt Mazumdar, \"I make children meditate when I play at these events. It is so divine.\"Both feel that there is a need to train children in classical forms. \"Reality shows for kids should be classical based, as this will encourage parents to train them in Hindustani classical music,\" stresses Mazumdar. \"I want young generation to say that this music is cool.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15357942", "title": "Child deaths raising head in Melghat again", "text": "AMRAVATI: The sorry state of affairs continued in Melghat region this year too with 81 cases of child deaths and 41 stillbirths coming to the fore in the last three months.NGO Khoj said child deaths and malnutrition have reared their head in Melghat again and blamed the government for apathy. No permanent remedies to curb malnutrition have been found by the administration, activists of the NGO said.Khoj will stage an agitation at the collectorate on August 9 to press for various demands like appointment of paediatrician, gynaecologist in sub-divisional hospital, anaesthetist and sinologist at the rural hospital, increase in the staff of doctors in flying squads and providing good vehicles, opening helpline, training midwives and increasing honorarium.The activists said there was no need for telemedicine in Melghat and the administration should close its office and save money on office maintenance and keep a tab on distribution of grains through PDS, said Bandya Sane of Khoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15364906", "title": "Team Anna discusses forming political alternative", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna members met here today for the first time after they ended their indefinite fast and discussed strategy for evolving a political alternative in line with their plans to take a plunge in electoral politics.Anna Hazare and his close aides deliberated on a variety of issues, including the name of the organisation, and other formalities like the Constitution of the party, sources said.Besides Hazare, those who attended the meeting included Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Kiran Bedi, Prashant Bhushan, Shanti Bhushan, Kumar Vishwas and Sanjay Singh.Psephologist Yogendra Yadav, who was a regular face at the Jantar Mantar during the protest arguing that the movement should take a political turn, was the new participant in the discussions. There was no official word on the meeting.The meeting came two days after Hazare and his aides called off their indefinite fast and pitched for entering electoral politics by forming a political alternative.\"This was an informal meeting. We came here to thank Anna and enquire about his health,\" Bedi told reporters.Kejriwal said the discussions are on and once a decision is taken, it will be conveyed to media and public.Asked whether there was any discussion about the name for the political party, he said they have received a number of suggestions. \"I have received almost 500 text messages regarding the name.\"When queried whether 'Swaraj Party' is one of their choices, he said numerous people have suggested it. \"There is nothing concrete in today's meeting. Discussions are still on,\" he said.On participation in yoga guru Ramdev's indefinite protest from this Thursday, he said they have not received any invite and \"when it comes, we will see.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357704", "title": "27 hurt as truck, buses overturn", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 27 people were injured as two mini buses and a truck overturned in different parts of the city on Saturday. Two of the injured are said to be critical.Seven schoolchildren received minor injuries as their speeding mini bus overturned near a crossing at Bawana in outer Delhi on Saturday morning. The mini bus was ferrying around 15 children to a private school in Bawana, police said.A senior police officer said the speeding mini bus was taking a turn from the Bawana crossing towards Link Road when the driver lost control of the vehicle and it turned turtle.The seven children, between the age of 7 and 12 years, were immediately taken to Maharishi Valmiki Hospital and the parents were informed. The injured children were discharged later. Eyewitnesses claimed that the driver of the mini bus was driving the vehicle rashly and at a high speed.The errant driver was arrested later and the bus was also impounded. The condition of the conductor continues to be critical.In the second incident, a mini bus on its way to Rohini from Bawana overturned, injuring 10 people. DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal said everybody had been discharged from hospital. \"We have arrested the driver who was found to be drunk,\" he said.In the third incident at Naraina, 10 people were injured when a speeding truck overturned in the wee hours of Saturday. One of them is stated to be critical. The driver has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357306", "title": "Kids learn to make eco-friendly Ganeshas", "text": "MUMBAI: With around a month left for the city's biggest 11-day festival to commence, a special workshop was held in Powai to make eco-friendly Ganpati idols from the silt collected from the Mithi river and Powai lake. Over 400 children from 25 different schools in the city assembled at a hotel in Powai earlier this week to participate in the workshop for making Ganpati idols. The workshop was organized by the Young Environmentalists' Programme Trust (YEPT).YEPT was aided by ENVIS Maharashtra, Kalpavriksh Powasi and a team of the hotel to kickstart the green campaign in order to create awareness regarding eco- friendly idols.Explained Elsie Gabriel, founder of YEPT, \"Although last year a court order did ask idol makers and artisans to turn green and do away with the plaster of paris and bright chemical- painted idols, PoP idols which are known to cause environmental hazards are not yet fully done away with. Instead of preaching to our elders it is wise to teach our next generation to celebrate and pray with eco- friendly idols.\"She added, \"We hosted an interactive art workshop where the youth and residents make the idols themselves under our expertise, with eco colours and eco decorations. These idols are also taken home by the children in order to spread the message of going green during the Ganpati festival to their families.\"Powai corporator Avinash Sawant, Archana Shirke of ENVIS, actresses Megha Israni, Rashmi Sawant and Chaya Ali Khan of Nature Homestay Tours, BMC's Sheila Raut, environmentalists V Appukuttan and Arun Patil inaugurated and took part in the workshop.Corporator Avinash Sawant said: I give my blessings to the Young Environmentalists and will work together for the welfare of the Powai lake.'' He added that it was indeed a good, green idea to recycle by making use of the silt of Powai lake and Mithi river.Gabriel said such clay idols easily dissolve in water during immersions and hence there is no damage caused to nature. Hazardous chemicals and bio-nondegradable elements must be shunned as much as possible, she said. It is also a known fact that our ancestors used river clay and earth to create Ganesh idols long before this festival became highly popular in the last century during India's freedom struggle.Daniel Chatterton of the Powai hotel said, \"We have been hosting eco Ganpati workshops for the last 7 years now whereby we involve the community in not only going green in travels but also going green with all festivals.''A student of DG Ketan School, Vinay Kariwala, bagged the first prize for making the best eco-friendly idol at the workshop. Harshada Subhash of D J Gurukul School won the second prize, while Tanvi Naram from Children's Academy got the third prize. A special appreciation award was presented to Nikita Tompe of Children's Academy School. Artist Narayana Pardeshi got the lifetime achievement award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362299", "title": "Now it's time to relax: Vineeth Sreenivasan", "text": "Thattathin Marayathu has arguably become phenomenon in Mollywood and it's maker Vineeth Sreenivasan deserves all the accolades coming his way.The actor who was in Thiruvananthapuram for the promotion of the film looked upbeat about the fortunes of the film and the massive support from the audience.Vineeth confesses, \"It's been an amazing journey from the start of the film till now. I think I felt the most pressure just before the release of the flick but now that's over, I'm truly relieved and excited. The last few days I've been busy and this is my last leg of the promotions. I am looking forward to getting back to Chennai and relaxing and let all this settle in.\"He truly deserves the break, especially with another major event in his life coming his way - his wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358155", "title": "UP overdraws power from national grid again", "text": "LUCKNOW: Contrary to the government claims of reducing its dependency on the national grid, Uttar Pradesh has resorted to overdrawal once again. On Saturday, at around 1 pm, the state overdrew 600 MW from the grid. This comes a day after the state government decided to go in for bilateral agreement and buying power from energy exchanges.According to the Power System Operation Corporation Limited data, besides the peak overdrawal of 600 MW at one point. UP drew more than 4,300 MW from the Northern Grid as against its scheduled quota of 3,700 MW at around 11.30 am. This was significant given the fact that Uttarakhand's output plunged sharply after its various hydro-electric power plants had to be shut down following flash floods. In fact, around 400 MW of power being generated at Vishnu Prayag in Uttarakhand came to a halt late on Friday evening owing to rains and flash flood.Surprisingly, UP threw off the load quickly by noon making room for some stability to the grid. In fact, at around 12.15 pm, the state went considerably down from its scheduled quota.However, after that it went to its own ways and started wheeling power from the grid once again. Thankfully, the withdrawal was well within the requisite frequency levels.The need to depend on the national grid was all the more accentuated as UP's own generation continued to be low. The generation was not only marred by repeated faults in the system, but also because of coal shortage. While one unit of 600 MW at Anpara C remained closed because of coal shortage, another unit of 600 MW went off the steam because of generator fault. The latter is likely to resume working only by Sunday.Likewise, the 300 MW unit of Rosa power plant is non-functional because of a commercial dispute with the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).Though UPPCL officials were candid to admit, it's a fact that besides entering into a bilateral agreement and purchasing power from energy exchange, overdrawal from the national grid cannot be wished away. \"But we would try to minimize that,\" said managing director, A P Mishra.UPPCL officials said that it was the question of 'assured supply' to the state that is being concentrated. \"Until there is no such arrangement, things would not improve and the state would continue to overdraw from the national grid,'' said an official.Mishra said: \"For the time being, the corporation is planning to make arrangement of power for a month, that is by the end of August.\"The corporation, at the same time, is treading cautiously on buying power from the energy exchange given its poor revenue levels. The UPPCL is reported to be seeking power from the exchange but could not get it because of higher rates. Sources said that the corporation had made a bid of Rs 6 per unit at the exchange but still could not get it.The issue of heavy dependence on the national grid had attained peculiar dimensions after the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) slapped a notice on UP following grid failure on two consecutive days. The commission also decided to charge the states in case of congestion in the transmission lines.The flash floods which threw the power situation in Uttarakhand for a toss, are set to curtail the shares of states in the national grid. Sources said that the contribution of Uttarakhand to the national grid was likely to come down by 1,500 MW in what may only aggravate the crisis all over the northern region.The hill state, at the same time, may depend largely on the national grid which, not suprisingly, has come under pressure. The state, essentially have run-of-the-river hydro-electric power and the reservoir base projects. Both of these power projects were affected because of the floods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358520", "title": "CM reviews drought, flood situation", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday held a high-level meeting with the ministers and officials of agriculture, water resources, minor irrigation and power departments and reviewed the flood and drought situation. He directed that such a review will also be made at cabinet meetings.Later, development commissioner A K Sinha said the CM reviewed the diesel subsidy distribution and directed to step up the scheme for the benefit of farmers.The rainfall situation also came up for discussion. It was reported that from June 1 till date, the state faced a deficiency of 27% in rainfall and the sowing of paddy was only 62%. At least a dozen districts, including all the districts of Bhagalpur, Munger and Magadh divisions and Nalanda district had comparatively less rainfall and sowing, resulting in a drought-like situation in the districts south of Ganga. The CM directed to ensure six to eight hours of electricity supply in those areas exclusively for agriculture purposes.Sinha said the CM also inquired about tubewells and said those lying defunct due to burned transformers should be made operational. He was told that so far 64 transformers had been changed and 24 state tubewells were made functional. He directed opening of a control room at the Bihar State Electricity Board headquarters to monitor power supply.The meeting was attended by water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, CM's agriculture adviser Mangla Rai, principal secretary, agriculture, Anjani Kumar Singh, principal secretary, water resources, Afzal Amanullah, principal secretary, minor irrigation, Deepak Prasad, BSEB chairman P K Rai and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356711", "title": "Improve state's mass transit system: Union urban secretary", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the biggest challenges that Indian cities face today because of migration from rural areas to urban centres is that of basic transportation, according to Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna. Gujarat cities, according to him, are passing to one such pronounced phase today. \"Mass transit is one of the most crucial aspects of urban development and the least cared for in our budget. It has to change now, as it is evident that helping an area develop connectivity plays an important role in the overall growth,\" he says.Krishna was speaking on the closing ceremony of the five day 'leaders training programme' for transportation managers organized by World Bank , Cept University and Union ministry of urban development. Krishna emphasized on multimodal transport systems and how technologies should be designed to make transportation efficient, predictable and financially viable. \"Most econometric models for transportation fail as they are not designed around regional requirements. Transport network should be designed around people and their movement within cities or between towns. Social planning and social marketing of mass transit is a crucial aspect of transport planning,\" says Krishna.State urban development principal secretary IP Gautam added, \"Ahmedabad BRTS can be cited as an example as to how institutions can be involved in the development process of the city. Planning cannot be the responsibility of bureaucrats alone; it should be the responsibility of all. Participation of citizens from different spheres in public life in planning process is an essential element towards creating liveable cities.\"Gautam later added, \"Today there is greater emphasis on designing transportation systems around people. Bus chassis designs have changed, making them accessible for the old, disabled and children.\"Cept associate director Shivanand Swamy said, \"The five day workshop organized at Cept was with a single aim of transforming the attitudes of urban planners, transportation managers and help them formulate more innovative transport models for cities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15362855", "title": "Man marries after converting girl to Islam, charged with rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has decided to frame rape charges against a man who married a girl after converting her to Islam without informing his marital status that led to a failed suicide attempt by his new wife.Additional Sessions Judge T R Naval allowed framing of charges against Jamal Nasir for the offence of rape and also abetment to suicide, concealment of former marriage, fraudulent marriage and cohabitation by inducing a belief of lawful marriage.Jamal, a resident of east Delhi, used to run a cloth factory in front of the house of the victim complainant.He had allegedly approached the girl saying he loved her and wanted to marry her and had also told her that he was unmarried. She gradually started loving him.In June 2001, Jamal called the girl inside the factory where four other persons were also present. One of them was introduced as Qazi and other three as witnesses. Jamal told her that after some recitations from the Quran, she would be converted to Islam and thereafter, they would be married.They then started cohabiting as man and wife and it was only after the girl asked him as to why he does not stay home at nights that he disclosed his former marriage. But she compromised with the situation and continued to live with Jamal.However, in July 2006, Jamal's first wife came at their house and beat her up. Later, Jamal shifted her to another house and even asked her to stay away from him.The girl went into depression and consumed sleeping pills and slit her vein and was rushed to hospital by police.After being discharged, she submitted her complaint saying Jamal, his first wife Musharrat, his brother Mohd. Anees and his wife Nilofar were responsible for creating that situation for her.After completion of the probe, police filed a chargesheet against them.Jamal's brother Anees, his wife Nilofar were charged with offence of criminal intimidation and abetment to suicide.Against Jamal's first wife Musharrat, the court found a prima facie case of criminal intimidation, mischief and causing hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362300", "title": "Sivaji fans celebrate 150 days of Karnan", "text": "Talk about real stardom. In this age when movies barely cross their opening weekends, the re-released Sivaji Ganesan epic Karnan recently passed the landmark of 150 days. To commemorate the feat, a grand event was organized on Saturday in Chennai.Sivaji Ganesan's son Prabhu and director P Vasu were the chief guests for the event and the duo gave away mementos to the surviving members of the film's cast and crew. This included composer M S Viswanathan, singer P B Srinivas, actors Shanmugasundaram and Master Sridhar. Mementos were also given to the children of the other cast and crew.The event also saw Sivjai's grandson Vikram Prabhu, who is making his debut with Prabu Solomon's Kumki , making an appearance to be part of his granddad's success.Karnan was digitally restored by Chennai-based distributor Shanthi Chockalingam and her husband, who spent close to Rs 50 lakh restoring the film and adding a new 5.1 soundtrack. The restored digital version was released all over Tamil Nadu in 72 screens and was an all round success, completing 25 days in 35 screens, 50 days in 14 screens, 75 days in 3 screens and 100 days in 2 screens (Chennai's Sathyam and Escape). The film is still playing in Sathyam on weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358854", "title": "Lohegaon airfield upgrade from November", "text": "PUNE: The much-anticipated works on the modernization of the Indian Air Force's (IAF) defence airfield at Lohegaon will begin from November, Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne said on Saturday.The works form a part of the IAF's ambitious Rs 1,220 crore 'Modernisation of Airfield Infrastructure - Phase I' (MAFI-I) project for making 30 airfields capable of handling modern transport and fighter aircraft.The IAF is in the process of acquiring 126 modern combat aircraft like the French Rafale jet and has recently inducted six C-130J Hercules transport aircraft, which involve use of modern equipment.However, the long-pending runway extension project remains delayed and is unlikely to commence in the near future. \"There are legal issues which are still needed to be sorted out before we can take up the runway extension work,\" Browne said.The runway at Lohegaon airbase is proposed to be extended from the existing 8,300 ft to 10,200 ft. This would also facilitate landing of wide-bodied aircraft, which have bigger passenger capacity than those currently operating from the Pune airport, which is part of the Lohegaon airbase. The runway and the air traffic control (ATC) is handled by the IAF while the civilian flight operations and the civil enclave are managed by the Airports Authority of India (AAI).Barring the runway, MAFI-I augurs well for civilian flight operations as the project will see the Lohegaon airfield getting a new state-of-the-art instrument landing system (ILS), distance measure equipment, tactical air navigation system, automated air traffic management system, which is to be provided by US defence major Raytheon , and new runway lights, among others. The entire phase-I contract has been bagged by the Tata Power Strategic Electronics Division.The ILS, a key navigational aid, enables smooth landing of aircraft in poor visibility conditions caused by inclement weather. For long, the AAI as well as the airlines operating from Pune have been demanding installation of ILS to prevent instances like diversion or cancellation of flights due to poor weather conditions.Browne, who has headed the Lohegaon airbase, said, \"All MAFI-I works will be carried out during night hours in view of the civilian flight operations, which occur during daytime. We have set up an independent training establishment at the 7 Tetra School near the airbase for training our personnel in the handling of MAFI equipment,\" he said.On the growing concern about civilian construction activity within the periphery of the notified area of the airbase, Browne said there should not be any such construction activity. \"There are gazette notifications, issued for all airbases across the country, specifying the no-construction zones that vary from 30 m to 100 m, 300 m and 900 m radius area from the airbase, depending upon the requirement. The problem occurs when these notifications, which are for two- to three- year period, lapse and are not renewed immediately. Builders exploit the time gap taken for renewal of the notification and start with constructions, which then get into legal tangles,\" he said.On the Indo-French Rafale deal, Browne said that the bilateral negotiation process is now half-way through and is expected to pick up later this month. \"I have flown the aircraft and we all are satisfied and happy with the aircraft. We hope the deal will be completed by the end of the financial year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362477", "title": "Julia Roberts credits happiness for beauty", "text": "Julia Roberts , who looks every bit the film star in real life, cites her own happy state of mind as one of her beauty tips.\"I think optimism and having a sense of humour definitely help, but happiness is something you cultivate,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying at the global launch of her perfume Lancome's La Vie Est Belle in Nice .\"Once you find it, that's the key to looking beautiful. That, Lancome eye cream and kissing!\" she said.The 44-year-old actress flew from the US to celebrate the launch of the new scent at a party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357094", "title": "Parking point row exposes rift between city &amp; rural cops", "text": "Uniformed services are known for their discipline, hierarchy and flawless coordination with their counterparts outside their area of jurisdiction during a joint exercise. In case of the city and rural police in Nashik, it appears to be a wee different, if the vacillation over finalizing parking spots for the annual Sharavan Somvar Pheri scheduled on Monday, is any indication.Every year, on the third Monday of the Shravan month, devotees throng Trimbakeshwar, which is about 30 km from Nashik city, for a circumambulation of the Brahmagiri hills. This year, police officials estimate that about five lakh people would visit Trimbakeshwar for the ritual.However, while making arrangements for crowd management, vehicular traffic, transportation and other amenities for the visiting devotees, the chinks in the armour have come to the fore as, apparently, the territorial impulse of the city and the rural police reigned supreme.The police commissionerate as well as the rural police faced a Hamletian dilemma on finalizing the spots for parking private vehicles, as the former wanted spots along the Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road to be included, while the latter wanted the parking to be within the city limits only.The rural police, which would be making security arrangements in Trimbakeshwar (which is outside the limits of the city police commissionerate) had identified the Gold Club grounds and a plot near Maharashtra Police Academy within the city as the parking spots. It was proposed that no private vehicle would be permitted to move from Nashik city towards Trimbakeshwar from Shivaji Nagar, Satpur, onwards and that only MSRTC buses would operate, thereby pre-empting traffic chaos.The city police, however, wanted spots along the Nashik-Trimbakeshwar route (outside city limits) to be used for parking private vehicles. When the men in uniform could not resolve the impasse, there was a meeting at the district collectorate on Friday to find a solution. It has now been decided to allow private vehicles from Nashik to go up to Khambale and after there is no space left, stop them at Mahindra delivery depot, then at Shivaji Nagar and finally, at Golf Club grounds.At a time when Nashik has gained notoriety to the extent that the State Election Commission had described it, on the eve of the civic elections held earlier this year, that Nashik was the most sensitive place in the State only after Gadchiroli, which is the hub of Naxalite activities (prompting the state government to shift out the then police commissioner and the municipal commissioner), the rift between the city and rural police has raised vital questions of policing the police. It is also a time when terrorists are active in the state and the Maharashtra Police Academy along Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road has been one of the spots on the radar of notorious terror entities.Whether the rift is merely a bureaucratic 'passing the buck' gesture that is witnessed at the police station-level, when an offence is committed on the boundaries of two or more police stations, or it is ego-hassle between the top brass of the city and rural police, is not clear. But the indication is that there is something amiss.For instance, when the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal took charge, he had said that the theft of bikes, that has become a daily affair in the city, was by gangs who sold them in rural areas of the district.This was in sharp contrast with the opinion of his predecessor Vinod Lokhande who believed that stolen bikes were sold outside the district. Sarangal had also promised that a joint drive with the rural police would be undertaken to search the stolen bikes. The results are still awaited.Washing hands of pregnancy of studentThe bureaucracy is known for passing the buck, but a recent incident in the tribal development department has revealed the extent to which officials can go to shirk their responsibility.The pregnancy of a 16-year-old tribal girl studying in an ashram school in Peth tehsil went unnoticed for a whopping 24 weeks, till it became impossible to medically terminate it. The concerned officials, who are expected to keep a record of the menstruation dates of girls attaining puberty after monthly checkup, have come up with excuses like the girl was a day scholar, who was not staying at the ashram schools. They have also claimed that the record of the girl's menstruation till March was normal. The moot question is how the pregnancy could go unnoticed for six months!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362449", "title": "John Travolta files lawsuit", "text": "John Travolta has hit back at the cruise ship worker, who had accused him of sexual assault, by filing documents claiming he was lying and had made up the whole sordid story.Fabian Zanzi had claimed that Travolta had exposed himself during a neck massage aboard a Royal Caribbean cruise and had offered to pay him 12,000 dollars to keep the incident quiet.In the court documents filed by Travolta's lawyer Marty Singer, the 58-year-old actor has admitted to being on cruise but has denied all the allegations of misconduct against him, TMZ reported.Travolta also reiterated his point that Zanzi had filed a report with Royal Caribbean over the alleged incident when it happened but had failed to mention any of the sexual details.Travolta wants the lawsuit to be dismissed and the ship worker to pay his attorney's fees. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358812", "title": "A K Singh urges AFMS to focus on combat medicine", "text": "PUNE: General officer commanding-in-chief of Army Southern Command Lt Gen A K Singh has called on the armed forces medical services (AFMS) to focus on the rapidly evolving face of combat medicine for soldiers.\"There have been profound changes and improvements in combat medicine for soldiers world over,\" he said, while addressing a function to release a commemorative postage stamp and first day cover to mark the golden jubilee of the Armed Forces Medical College's (AFMC) graduate wing.Chief of Air Staff Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne released the post-age stamp.\"I am afraid that if you go to our battle tanks, you will find first-aid kits that are more or less similar to what we were being given in 1973, when I was commissioned as an officer in the Army,\" he said. \"It is exactly the same except that morphine , which was the most precious drug in a war theatre, has been removed,\" Singh said.The southern Army chief acknowledged that the armed forces medical fraternity is bound by line directions, ie orders flowing from top to bottom. But, he said, adequate focus is needed to address the issue of combat medicine. \"A good first-aid kit is critical to the soldier on the battlefield,\" he added.Singh also called for focus on institutionalising the golden-hour principle, which refers to ensuring quickest access to a specialist for an injured soldier. \"Often, this can be a difficult preposition in inhospitable and remote terrains, but the effort ought to be aimed at realising the golden-hour principle as much as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364896", "title": "Police recover a skull from Kumbharli ghat, yet to make arrests", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch yet to take custody of gangster Vijay Palande and his associates Dhananjay Shinde in third murder case. The police had recovered a skull of an unknown person from Kumbharli ghat in Chiplun with the help of Palande. The police said that the experts had told them that the skull belongs to a man and they are enquiring about his identity.A senior police officer said, \"We are verifying the record of missing person in Mumbai and neighbouring districts to establish the identity of the third murder victim.\"The police arrested Palande, main accused in the murders of Delhi business consultant Arunkumar Tikku and wannabe film producer Karankumar Kakkar, along with his three accomplices. The police arrested Palande along with his accomplice in Satara on April 10. On the way to the Andheri office of the crime branch, Palande escaped when the police jeep stopped at the traffic signal. Police with the help of Shinde's brother trapped Palande and took him into custody.Palande had confessed his involvement in Tikku and Kakkar murder case and took the police at Kumbharli ghat. Palande showed the police a human skull stating that it was Kakkar's. But after examination of the skull the police learnt it was not Kakkar but belonged to some unknown person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356754", "title": "Nizam's panel in logjam over accommodation in rubaths", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Awqaf or Ecclesiastical Committee of the Nizam has remained indecisive over the selection of about 260 poor Haj pilgrims who sought permission from it for accommodation in rubaths or guest houses in Mecca during the upcoming pilgrimage.It is for about a week that the committee is reported to be discussing the unexpected challenge thrown by Hussain Shareef, the committee's former representative in Mecca, by announcing his online selection process for intending pilgrims and sidelining the panel completely. The committee which rejected the selection by Shareef has not been able to announce its own the list of pilgrims. \"Some members of the panel have been debating the latest development. But obviously they have not come to any conclusion,\" a source close to the committee said.While one member is of the opinion that Shareef's authority to select the pilgrims should be challenged without losing any more time, there are others who feel that it would further aggravate the legal tangle, the source said.The committee, as has been the practice for past several years, has received blank accommodation permits from the Central Haj Committee for filling them with the names of the selected pilgrims. There are only about 260 permits but Shareef said there is space for about 400 persons in the two rubath buildings.Sources at the Central Haj Committee said that the CHC has no role to play in the conflict between the Nizam's panel and Shareef who claims the custodianship of the buildings. \"It is for the State Haj Committee and the parties involved in the conflict to resolve the legal tangles. We have nothing to do with the issue,\" they said.Observers believe that even if the Nizam's committee decides on a list of pilgrims for accommodation in rubaths, chances are that Shareef would not honour it. \"The position of the Nizam's committee is very weak. First it allowed Shareef to work as custodian of the rubaths for the last 15 years and then failed to fight his claim properly in a Saudi court. Whatever course the committee adopts, the tangle is not likely to be resolved, at least for this Haj season,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356840", "title": "Bengali honours in St Xavier's", "text": "KOLKATA: St Xavier's College may set up a campus in North Bengal, said principal Felix Raj at the inauguration of the Bengali honours course in the college on Saturday. The programme was attended by education minister Bratya Basu and sports and transport minister Madan Mitra.St Xavier's College inaugurated its honours course in Bengali on Saturday. The programme was attended by education minister Bratya Basu and sports and transport minister Madan Mitra. Principal Felix Raj also announced the possibility of a separate St Xavier's College coming up in North Bengal.Basu said, \"The syllabus reforms committee has already made elaborate changes in the syllabus of primary, secondary and higher secondary courses. New age and modern authors and poets are being included in the new curriculum.\"Sports and transport minister Madan Mitra added, \"The doors of the west have opened to the Bengali language. It is indeed a matter of pride. Teaching Bengali should be encouraged but learning English is also important.\"Speaking about the new college, Felix Raj said, \"It will be a separate St Xavier's College with all the facilities and will offer many of the major courses on offer at our main campus. We may affiliate the new college to the university as and when we get a nod from the state government and we are granted university status.\"A separate St Xavier's College is on the anvil in North Bengal. If things go as per plans, college principal Felix Raj will accompany education minister Bratya Basu on a tour of the new campus soon. \"It will be a separate St Xavier's College with all the facilities and will offer many of the major courses on offer in our main campus. We may affiliate the new college to the university as and when we get a nod from the state government and we are granted university status,\" said principal Felix Raj.The college inaugurated its honours course in Bengali on Saturday which was attended by education minister Bratya Basu and sports minister Madan Mitra. Basu said, \"The syllabus reforms committee has already made elaborate changes in the syllabus of primary, secondary and higher secondary courses. New age and modern authors and poets are being included in the new curriculum. It includes names like Mukunda Chakraborty, Shankhya Ghosh among others.\"Sports and transport minister Madan Mitra added, \"The doors of the west has opened to the Bengali language. It is indeed a matter of pride. Teaching Bengali should be encouraged but learning English is also important.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357912", "title": "Agnihotri college's exam centre cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has finally taken action in massive copying racket unearthed by Wardha police at Agnihotri College of Pharmacy, by cancelling its exam centre status. \"The new centre is Yashwant Vidyalaya in Wardha itself which was earlier a collection centre for exams,\" registrar Mahesh Yenkie confirmed to TOI.NU's fact finding panel comprising medicine dean Pramod Yeole, Board of Studies (BOS) chairman Arun Patil and MA Tajne had also recommended cancellation of Agnihotri College exam centre and re-examination of Pharmaceutical Chemistry-I (Organic) paper. \"Even I have recommended re-exam to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. Either he or Board of Examinations (BoE) will take the final decision, but in all probability, the paper will be rescheduled,\" said Yenkie, who has temporary charge of controller of examinations (COE). He clarified that the re-exam would be conducted for the 250 students who appeared from Agnihotri College.Yenkie, who will be visiting the 'tainted' college on Sunday, hinted that NU might file a police complaint for breach of trust by the college authorities. While making some startling revelations, the registrar stated that the role of the college authorities in the racket can't be denied as it seemed to be a well planned conspiracy. \"After any exam, the invigilator checks all answer-sheets and make a cross mark with a pen on the pages left blank by the students. Same is repeated in supplements as per rules to prevent any malpractices. But in this case, it was not done, thus clearly indicating that something is fishy,\" he said.Meanwhile, Wardha SP Avinash Kumar stated that the investigations were in full progress and 10 accused students were remanded to the police custody till Sunday. \"We are in touch with the NU officials, but can't reveal anything at this stage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356645", "title": "Differences don't stand between friendships in the wild", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the wild animals, friendships are born out a need to survive. During the safaris at Gir, one often notices a group of monkeys near a herd of herbivorous. These 'close' friends warn the herd in case of a leopard or lion attack.Officials said that these two animals share a unique friendship. Monkeys throw fruits and leaves on the ground for the herbivorous animals to feast upon.Deputy conservator of forest Sandeep Kumar says that during the time of summer the friendship is for food, while in the monsoon it is for the safety of the herbivorous animals. During summers, the peacock also becomes friendly with monkeys and herbivores.He said these friendships are symbiotic relations born out of compulsion. A fortnight ago, a peacock and fowl was seen moving together as the fowl was isolated from its herd. It was found that the peacock on the tree would warn him in case of danger. In another incident during April-May, when peacocks are establishing their territory and dance to attract the peahens, the monkey comes to their rescue incase a leopard, lion or wolf closes in. Usually it becomes difficult for the peacock to close its feather quickly while dancing and a timely warning by monkey saves him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363696", "title": "Priya Anand in Sarwanand\u2019s next", "text": "Priya Anand will be seen sharing screen space with actor Sarvanand in his next film \"Ko ante Koti\", a romance thriller, directed by Anish Kuruvilla. Priya, who made a rollicking start with 'Leader', failed to capitalize on her debut film's image as her subsequent films like 'Rama Rama Krishna Krishna' and '180' tanked at the box-office in Tollywood.Sources say that Priya plays the role of Sathya, a girl who cares for others in Ko ante Koti, which also sees Sarvanand as producer. The unit will be leaving to Rajamundry to start a new schedule shortly.Meanwhile, Priya Anand has signed her second Bollywood film, which stars Jackky Bhagnani and Priya Anand in the lead roles, is directed by Priyadarshan. This film is a remake of Tamil hit film Nadodigal (remade into Telugu as Shambo Shiva Shambo).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15361412", "title": "Haryana minister booked for suicide of former MDLR Airlines employee", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police have lodged an abetment to suicide case against Haryana minister Gopal Kanda after a former employee of MDLR airlines named him in her suicide note.Geetika Sharma, an ex-director of MDLR airlines, was found hanging from ceiling at her home in Ashok Vihar in north west Delhi on Sunday morning.Geetika has accused Gopal Kanda of physical and mental harassment in her suicide note.Geetika, who joined MDLR as a flight attendant one and a half years back, quickly rose to become a director in the company.Police have seized her mobile and are investigating the case.Meanwhile, Geetika's family has alleged that Gopal Kanda used to visit their house frequently.Geetika had quit her job with MDLR last month.However, the minister pursued her to join one of his other companies in Gurgaon, the family said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357355", "title": "Clean-up van hits school bus, 2 students hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Two students suffered minor injuries when the school bus they were travelling in was reportedly hit by a speeding civic-run clean-up van on Saturday. The school bus driver also sustained some injuries.The driver of the van, Annasaheb Paspute (45), tried to flee, but was nabbed by locals and handed over to the Juhu police. According to police, the incident took place around 7.15am at Dev Plaza on SV Road in Andheri (W). The bus was heading towards St Xavier's school in Santa Cruz with 21 students. Paspute was arrested for rash and negligent driving. Later in the day, he was produced before a court and released on bail. \"A medical report has confirmed he was not drunk,\" said Juhu police senior inspector Arun Bagat.In his complaint, school bus driver Mohamed Riyaz said, \"The van plied parallel and tried to overtake the bus. Had I not applied the brakes, the van could have rammed into us.\" The injured students, Mubarak Sayyed (13) and Rahil Lakdawala (11), along with Riyaz were taken to a hospital by the locals.and a driver were injured wheand Twenty-one school students had a narrow escape when the school bus they were travelling was reportedly hit by a speeding civic-run clean up van on Saturday. In the incident two students and the bus driver suffered minor injuries. The driver of the clean up van, Annasaheb Paspute (45), tried to flee from the spot but was caught by the locals who gheraoed the vehicle and handed him to the Juhu police.Police said that the incident occurred around 7.15am when the bus reached Dev Plaza on SV Road in Andheri (West). The bus was heading to St Xaviers School in Santacruz to drop the students. Paspute was arrested under the IPC section for rash and negligent driving. Later in the day he was produced before the local court and was released on bail surety.According to the locals who eye-witnessed the incident, if the bus driver Mohamed Riyaz (25) had not applied an emergency brake then the matter could have worsened resulting in a major casualties. The locals manhandled the clean up van driver and rushed the injured students and the driver to a private hospital and provided medical assistance.In the complaint, bus driver Riyaz said, \"The speeding civic-run van plied parallel and tried to overtake which led to the incident. If I had not applied the brakes then the van could have easily rammed on us. The van jumped the lane that led to the incident.\"Two students -- Mubarak Sayyed (13) and Rahil Lakdawala (11) -- and the bus driver suffered minor injuries after they hit the front when the emergency brake was applied. \"Civic van driver Paspute was arrested for rash and negligent driving and causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others. The driver was released on bail later. Medical report confirmed that he was not drunk at the time of incident,\" said Juhu police senior inspector Arun Bagat.This is the second incident in less than a week when the school bus ferrying students survived from a major mishap. Last Monday, 15 school children were injured along with three teachers, two passengers and drivers/cleaner when a speeding BEST bus collided head on with a school bus near Nahur station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357845", "title": "Quack held for duping doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for posing as a medical practitioner and cheating gullible doctors for around Rs 30,000. On Saturday, the Mandir Marg police arrested Harish Goswami (40) who would recommend his patients those labs from where he would get 30% commission in return. Goswami, native of Almora in Uttarakhand, changed the hospitals frequently to avoid getting caught.\"During interrogation, Goswami told police that he would frequently visit his uncle who was working at the PGI Hospital in Chandigarh. By this, he got well acquainted with the workings at government hospitals. He aspired to become a doctor, but couldn't crack the entrance exams. After completing his graduation through correspondence, he started faking himself to be a doctor and even stole blank ID Cards of AIIMS Hospital and forged the signature of AIIMS director.The accused even prepared stamps of one Dr Harish Goswami, senior Surgeon, Medicine of RML and AIIMS Hospital,'' said additional CP, K C Dwivedi.Goswami opened his bank accounts, election card and other documents in the name of Dr Harish Goswami. He borrowed money from some doctors after befriending them and would recommend private labs for diagnostic tests to patients.\"Investigations began after one Dr Surender Kumar, senior orthothpedic of RML Hospital, reported that he came across one Dr Harish Goswami in RML Hospital in May. According to Kumar, Dr Goswami told him that he was earlier in AIIMS and had joined RML recently. Dr Goswami then persuaded him for a loan of Rs 15,000 on the pretext of funding his grandmother's medical expenses. Few days later, he again borrowed Rs 5,000 each from Kumar and two other doctors. When he was not seen in the hospital for many days, Dr Kumar got suspicious and checked from RML Hospital, AIIMS, Delhi Medical Council and Medical Council of India. He was shocked to know that no such doctor existed. A case was then lodged,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356830", "title": "It's all god's grace, says Saina's dad", "text": "HYDERABAD: There was an air of excitement at the Directorate of Oil Seeds here. With Saina Nehwal's father Harvir Singh Nehwal deciding to watch the match with his friends and colleagues at his office rather than at home, his work place turned into his abode. Relatives, friends and the media were all welcome. Each was offered a seat. It was a theatre-like atmosphere with so many squeezing into the office space. Everybody around seemed to be muttering a prayer.However, a hushed silence descended once the match began. There were more sighs than hoohaas as China's Wang Xin began to dominate. There were roars of joy too whenever Saina scored a point. And the decibel levels began to rise towards the end of the first game when Saina appeared to take control and have the measure of the rival.And when the Chinese sought medical attention, everyone cried foul. Their cries became even louder when Wang scored the very first point after resumption to win the first game.Little did they realise that their disappointment would soon turn into joy.Once Wang conceded the match, an emotional Harvir Singh Nehwal burst into tears. 'Kya ho gaya is ladki ko,' exclaimed Harvir. \"It's all because of the grace of Lord Venkateswara,\" he declared to the 40-odd media brigade. \"It's the sheer grace of God, whoever, it is ... Allah, Prabhu or Venkateswara,\" Harvir added.Traversing down the memory lane he narrated an incident. \"When I took her to an under-10 tournament in Tirupati in 1999 I prayed that if she wins the tournament I will bring her to the Tirumala shrine. She won that tournament and even before the Olympics I prayed the same and I have to take her to the temple now,\" he said.\"Though it's not fair to think in this manner because God wanted her to win the other girl must have got injured,\" he said adding that his daughter did a lot of hard work and deserved the medal.\"She should have won the gold. But Wang Yihan was too good for her. I was shattered when she lost the match on Friday. Saina called me later and said 'Papa my legs are not at all in my control. I am not able to move freely'. I told her to stay calm. No one in our family had food since yesterday. But the victory today will heal our wounds,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "15357019", "title": "Woman held for selling goats given by govt", "text": "SALEM: A 30-year-old woman of Koonandiyur village in Mecheri panchayat was arrested on Friday for selling goats she got under the state government's free goat distribution scheme. The arrest, a first of its kind, has been condemned by many representatives of the civil society here.R Mari was arrested by Salem police on the basis of a complaint filed by the district veterinary department. The department has investigated a complaint before collector K Maharapushanam that goats distributed were being sold.Seventy-two units of free goats (each unit has four goats) had been distributed in Koonandiyur village in Mecheri panchayat, according to a press release issued by the collector's office. On Friday, the collector received a complaint that goats distributed under the scheme were being sold and veterinary department joint director, P J Balasubramanian, was asked to investigate.It was found that Mari sold three goats, one male and two female, for 10,000 and a complaint filed accordingly. Her fourth goat had died for which the authorities have promised her insurance. As per the scheme, beneficiaries are not entitled to sell the goats for two years. \"The reason for police action is to make other beneficiaries aware that it is illegal to sell the animals,\" said Balasubramanian.Farmers and lawyers in the area have condemned the arrest. \"It is necessary to monitor the beneficiaries, but there was no need to arrest the woman as she sold the goats in desperation,\" said United Farmers Association president C Vaiyapuri. Police booked Mari under section 406 (criminal breach of trust). She was produced before Mettur judicial magistrate court II, which remanded her for 15 days, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358692", "title": "RTO cancels licences of 10 PUC centres", "text": "PUNE: The regional transport office has cancelled licences of 10 centres that used to issue pollution under control (PUC) certificates. Arun Yeola, regional transport officer, on Saturday told TOI that his office has cancelled the licences of 10 PUC centres and barred them from issuing emission certificates.Once issued, a PUC certificate is valid for six months.Yeola said: \"There are 289 PUC centres in the city, of which, many have not upgraded their equipment and machinery to check and analyse emission. As the machinery is old, the reports generated from it are incorrect. The RTO first warned them and asked them to get modern machines but these centres failed to comply. The RTO has cancelled licences of 10 centres so far and another 25 will be cancelled in the next week, once the required procedure at the government level is completed.\"There are 22.96 lakh vehicles in Pune city and 9.54 lakh vehicles in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Every year, 2.25 lakh new vehicles are registered in Pune city.Yeola said: \"Many of these centres were in operation in the cityfor more than ten years, but the management never bothered to upgrade the equipment. In such a situation, the purpose of a PUC certificate is defeated as the analysis reports were incorrect.\"He admitted that there should have been timely scrutiny of these centres from the RTO.\"Earlier, only carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide were measured in emission check up. In last few years, the emission of other gases such as sulphur dioxide has also increased and it has some chemical reaction with the gases already existing in the atmosphere. The old PUC centres were not testing emission of these new gases. Hence, the reports were inaccurate,\" Yeola said.The RTO is also coming up with modern data collection process, in which a standardised form will be provided to the vehicle owners. This form will ask detailed information about vehicles, their emission standards and type of fuels they are running on. Such information will give an idea of particular gases and their emissions. As per the RTO, Pune city falls under Bharat IV emission norms, currently the toughest guidelines for any vehicle, he said.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358120", "title": "Punjab cabinet heads for big fat US wedding", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal would fly to the US next week to attend the wedding of state rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra's niece at a 30-acre ranch in Mequon, Wisconsin. Many of the well-heeled colleagues in his 11-member cabinet would also attend the wedding even as the state is facing economic doldrums, forcing additional taxes.Rakhra, an MLA from Samana with assets worth Rs 20 crore, has invited the entire cabinet, all chief parliamentary secretaries and several known politicians from the state for the wedding. His niece Tina, a psychologist, is tying the knot with an American engineer.Source said Badal would leave for the US on Monday for the wedding scheduled five days later. State assembly speaker Charanjit Singh Atwal has left the country and will join him in Wisconsin. Sources said public works minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon, too, is in the US \"to help in preparations\".Badal's son and deputy chief minister, Sukhbir Badal, is in Canada with a delegation and might join the wedding at the last minute. Finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa, who would be in London for Olympics, is also expected to join.The Badals are seizing the moment to express their gratitude to their most prolific financer, while many of his cabinet colleagues are awaiting the CM \"permission\" to fly with him.Education minister Sikander Singh Maluka and tourism minister Sarwan Singh Phillaur, who have got US visas, are among those awaiting the CM's nod. \"I would go if I am allowed to go. But the only constraint is that if everybody leaves, who will stay back,\" said Maluka.The wedding promises to be the usual big fat one, where Punjabi politicians are expected to rub shoulders with US Senate members besides other prominent American politicians.Rakhra's brother Darshan Singh Dhaliwal, 58, had become the youngest Indian-American billionaire in 2003, owning over 1,000 gas stations across the USA and boasting an annual turnover of $2 billion, which is worth Punjab's annual budget. Known to be close to the Bush administration, Akali leaders have always been a regulars at his 30-acre ranch in Mequon near Milwaukee, where he once hosted Bill Clinton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357313", "title": "RTR: Locals say don\u2019t hold Delhi to ransom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after a group of Vasant Vihar residents expressed their opposition to a proposal to build an additional flyover for easing the traffic congestion on Rao Tula Ram Marg, others in the area have lashed out at what they see as an attempt \"to hold the city to ransom for personal benefit\".After TOI reported that journalist Karan Thapar had written a letter to lieutenant-governor Tejendra Khanna, requesting him to intervene and ensure that the service lane outside houses 1-8 on Palam Marg must not be reduced in width, these residents called up to say that they too must be heard.\"The claim that it will be a matter of 'life and death' as fire engines and ambulances will not be able to reach their house is bogus, as is clear from the fire chief's statement,\" said Ratna Sahai, owner of house no 10, Vasant Marg. \"The original Rao Tula Ram flyover was meant to be longer and wider. But these people had used their clout to have this altered and truncated into an abbreviated two-lane flyover to protect their precious service lane.\" This allegation had earlier been denied.\"They have held not only an entire city, but also interstate travellers, airline passengers and international tourists, to ransom. This is similar to Lata Mangeshkar in Mumbai blocking construction of the Peddar Road flyover to protect her flat at Prabhu Kunj,\" she added.Refuting Thapar's claim that he had approached the president of the residents' welfare association, Gautam Vohra, president of Vasant Vihar RWA, told TOI: \"I have never been approached by Karan Thapar regarding the flyover or any related issue. These people have never raised their voice on water or other problems faced by people of the area, nor have they taken any interest in addressing issues of greater public good.\"Rajni Mathur, resident of C block and RWA member, pointed out that these people had themselves reduced the public service road to beautify what they treated as private land. \"These are just a few people who don't even live here and have never come to the RWA. They have encroached upon the service lane with gardens, guard houses and parked cars. They are concerned about their tenants leaving rather than anything else,\" she said.Most residents argue that a solution needs to be worked for greater public good. \"Even entering the colony is a big problem, thanks to the mess. Not just Vasant Vihar residents but those going to the airport, Gurgaon and other parts of south Delhi are facing the same problem. We need to think about the greater good and a few people shouldn't complicate the matter any further,\" said Bharti Nayyar, a resident of D block, Vasant Vihar.Many residents are happy with the progress made by RITES in looking for solutions to ease traffic on the congested stretch. \"The solutions on offer are positive and we welcome the preliminary suggestions. I don't understand why these few residents are being so shortsighted in their opposition. In the long run, even they will be benefited. We are not going to let the issue die down this time and will prevent any disaster like last time when this flyover was built,\" said Vohra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357332", "title": "Wardhane meets dept heads", "text": "Shyam Wardhane, who took over as municipal commissioner, held marathon meetings with heads of different departments at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation on Saturday. From August 14, he will permanently move in here.Mayor Anil Sole, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari and few other office bearers were also present during one of the meetings when road works were reviewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15360482", "title": "8 northern states to discuss power woes with Moily tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight northern states will meet union power minister Veerapa Moily on Monday to discuss the issues they face in electricity transmission and distribution.Moily had last week called a meeting of chief ministers of Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, J&K;, Rajasthan and Delhi after the country witnessed one of the worst-ever power crises on last Tuesday that hit lives of over 60 crore people.\"Some of the states have confirmed their participation while some are yet to confirm,\" a power ministry official said.Northern, eastern and north-eastern grids had collapsed on Tuesday afternoon hitting power supply to 21 states.The states affected included Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Sikkim, Meghalaya, Manipur and Assam, besides Union Territory of Chandigarh.The reason for grid failure is, however, yet to be ascertained.The three grids collapsed within 24 hours of the northern grid getting restored following a failure on Monday.The power ministry has set up a three-member panel, headed by Central Electricity Authority (CEA) chairperson A S Bakshi to look into the tripping of grids. The committee is expected to submit its report in a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15360907", "title": "Fodder supply hit in drought-hit states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drought-hit states like Karnataka,Gujarat and Maharashtra are facing acute shortage of fodder and have petitioned the Centre to urgently address the issue as it could affect dairy industry.The chief ministers of Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat -- the worst drought-affected states -- have also asked the Centre to bear at least 75 per cent cost of the agriculture loan they are waiving in the states to rescue farmers from severe crisis.The state governments made these demands before a central ministerial team led by union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar when it visited the affected areas.\"In all three states, the biggest demand was for fodder, which was identified as the biggest problem. Discussion took place on fodder as it faces the biggest shortage...,\" an official, who was part of the delegation, said.Sources said the other demand the state governments raised was for loan waiver.\"They are waiving loans, and (the states said) the Centre should bear 75 per cent cost of the loan waiver. This is was another key demand from the states,\" the official said.The fodder crisis is likely to hit Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan, the three other states affected by drought, as well.Both Pawar and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh will visit Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan next week to review the drought situation in these states.According to an assessment by the agriculture ministry, the shortage of dry fodder, green fodder and concentrate is as high as 40 per cent in the country.In India, fodder is cultivated in only about 4 per cent of the agricultural land and is not adequate to meet its requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363586", "title": "Vikas Bhalla remembers Rajesh Khanna", "text": "Vikas Bhalla got some tips from Rajesh Khanna few days before he passed awayVikas Bhalla, currently seen in Uttaran as Veer, is a great admirer of Rajesh Khanna. He was fortunate enough to meet Kaka three months ago before he passes away. And he got some wonderful tips from him while he did a TV show Apney Paraye with him where he played his son.\"A very important tip in acting was given to me by him. I still clearly remember his words. He said, beta, the best approach is to mug up your lines like a parrot. Once that is done, just go there in front of the camera and give your best,\" says him.Adding further, he said, \"His acting tips were so true, because once you know your lines at the back of your head, you can modulate and improvise your takes in various ways.\"Rajesh Khanna was one of Vikas favourite actors and acting with him was like a dream come true. \"There cannot be another superstar like him. His films like Aradhana, Amar Prem, Aap Ki Kasam, Roti and Safar are all time classics, I am lucky that I got a chance of a lifetime to work with him,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15358178", "title": "Authorities to prepare medical college plans", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh government has asked the Noida and Greater Noida Authorities to prepare a roadmap and detailed project reports to set up two medical colleges in the district.Senior officials of both the Authorities met in Greater Noida on Friday to discuss several issues like the details, cost, getting permits from Medical Council of India and the collaboration of the two Authorities.The meeting followed a July 27 letter that has directed the Authorities to prepare the detailed report soon and forward it to the state government, after which it will direct them on the \"next step\".Last month, the state government led by the Samajwadi Party had approved the proposal to open a medical university in Greater Noida and a medical college in Noida to \"boost education facilities and health services across Gautam Budh Nagar district\". The Noida college will also have a super-specialty paediatric institute.The colleges will come up on the premises of the Kanshiram multispecialty hospital in Greater Noida and the Ambedkar hospital in Noida, respectively. The district does not have any government medical college yet.Earlier last month, the government had constituted a six-member committee headed by industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta to look into the feasibility of the project. The report was forwarded to the state government last month and the decision to set up the medical colleges was approved.Officials say there is a noticeable shortage of medical personnel and facilities across the district as it does not have any state-run medical college. According to the plan, the college will have infrastructure and teaching staff at par with any premier private medical institute in the country, but will not charge a bomb. \"This will give students a chance to pursue MBBS irrespective of their economic backgrounds,\" an official said.\"The Kanshiram hospital and the Ambedkar hospital have ample space to accommodate the proposed colleges. The government will soon give us further directions to give shape to the proposal,\" the official added.Earlier, the Mayawati-led BSP government had unsuccessfully tried to construct medical colleges in the state on a public-private partnership model to boost medical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15352021", "title": "Gadget addicts, take care of your neck", "text": "Some of us get into our car, drive to office, work on a computer, play on our mobile phones, drive home and work on our computer and play on the phone again in the evening and that's really unhealthy, say health experts. We are not built to be sitting down hunched over screens.First it was 'texter's thumb'. Now gadget addicts are coming down with 'text neck'. Today, many patients are suffering neck pain from spending too much time hunched over phones and computers. The rise of smartphones and tablet computers has fuelled the problem.The extra capability for playing games and browsing the internet on smartphones means they tend to be used for longer periods. And unlike laptops, tablet computers are often placed flat on the lap, meaning you crane your neck over to view the screen.Knee and hip replacement surgeon Dr Kaushal Malhan says, \"Technology has made life easier, but at the same time brought in newer problems. The easy accessibility to almost any information and quick communication through the use of smartphones and laptops has made them an invaluable resource. At the same time, their indiscriminate use has brought in new health problems.\"It is common to find people using their laptops for hours at a stretch. Smartphones now work as mini computers and it is not unusual to find people busy with their phones which are much more than simply a means of communication. \"People often complain of neck and back pain, and the cause for these can often be sourced to indiscriminate laptop use in an incorrect posture. These patients often have a good range of movements with pain mainly at the end of the day,\" adds Dr Malhan.Orthopaedic surgeon Dr Ashish Arbat agrees. \"Today, we are observing many young patients who are into gadgets with wry neck, which is caused by continuous craning of the neck for texting, etc.\" He advises that one should exercise one's neck daily and stretch the cervical and trapezial muscle, with a healthy habit of sleeping supine straight, with balanced diet to prevent wry neck.How to avoid such problems * Use a chair of correct height so that your legs comfortably reach the floor. * Table height and computer monitor height should be at your eye level so that you are not forced to adopt unphysiologic postures. * Elbows should be well supported on armrest or table in front of you. * Do not forget to blink your eyes intermittently to reduce eye fatigue. * Change your posture every now and then and regular breaks in between. * Stretch out all muscle groups whenever you have the opportunity. * Regular stretching exercises are a must for people who sit for long hours. In case of problems like neck pain, see a doctor to rule out other non-postural causes.Once that is ruled out, one can look at changing habits and lifestyle as advocated above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359326", "title": "Powerless state scrambles to avert blackout", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka stares down the barrel of a power blackout similar to what struck north India recently, if catchment areas of major rivers don't get rain over the next fortnight.But there's some hope. The Karnataka government will take up cloud-seeding by the third week of this month and has prepared a contingency plan for power production.The elevation of M Veerappa Moily as Union power minister has renewed Karnataka's hopes of getting its share from the national grid as well as resolving issues dogging coal supply to its thermal plants.\"We've invited bids for cloud-seeding in catchments areas of major rivers to ensure reservoirs get sufficient water. The process may take about 15 days and we hope this will yield rain,\" said water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai.The government decided on cloud-seeding after it got positive response from the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune. \"The intensity and spread of cloud cover over the next week need to be watched carefully, especially in catchment areas, before we take up cloud-seeding,'' a senior official of the water resources department told TOI.The government is also looking at buying power and preparing grounds to invoke Section 11 of the Electricity Act that mandates all independent power producers (IPPs) in the state to supply power only to the state grid instead of exporting it. Such provisions were invoked in April 2011 citing acute shortage after the Karnataka High Court upheld its powers under Section 11.Energy minister Shobha Karandlaje said the provisions would be invoked only the conditions turn worse. \"Initially, we may be start load-shedding in urban and rural areas barring Bangalore city,'' she added.Deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa announced the government would extend 50% diesel subsidy to help farmers draw ground water so that the yield isn't affected.Shocking stats* State reeling under worst drought in 42 years; 142 of 176 taluks severely affected by weak monsoon* Water level at major hydel stations - Linganamakki, Supa and Mani - enough to generate a cumulative 29.62 million units a day till August 15* Government purchases 1,500 MW a day, spending on an average Rs 12 crore; Rs 7,209 crore spent on power purchase in past three years* Demand for power up to 160 million units a day this year from 150 mu last year; power production in state hovering between 130-135 muFiled by Manu/Cleared by Naheed/es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358344", "title": "Few checks on driving schools in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: There are 114 motor driving schools operating across Goa, which have been provided licenses to function by the state transport department. But one instructor with a five-year-old driving license and a minimum of one car on which driving can be taught are the only rules one needs to follow while running driving schools.\"It is mandatory for a person wanting a driving license to attend a driving school. It is illegal to learn driving a four-wheeler by oneself. The person teaching the learner should be in a position to control or stop the vehicle at any given point. Driving schools provide that facility and are therefore essential,\" assistant director for transport B A Sawant told STOI responding to a query on the importance of driving schools for four-wheeler drivers.Though transport officials said that it is vital for the driving instructors to have appropriate knowledge of signs and overall driving, the state has not taken any measures to update the knowledge of the instructors. A document submitted at the ongoing session of the state legislative assembly shows that no regular training programmes are organized for instructors of the driving schools on lane driving discipline and other driving rules.Listing the requirements for opening of a driving school in Goa, Sawant said \"The instructor should have a valid driving license which is at least five-years-old, the school should have a classroom with a black board, a minimum of one vehicle to teach driving with and the school owner should have financial resources for maintenance.\" But the conditions to operate the 'essential' car driving schools end there.When asked if any restrictions are imposed on the driving schools that they should not conduct classes on national highways or during peak traffic hours, transport officials replied in the negative. Atmaram Gauns, owner of Dosti Driving School of Margao that operate four cars, said, \"No rules are imposed by the state on driving on particular roads etc. Learning to drive the car can take place on any road, but the only rule is that the teaching should not take place beyond 6.30pm.\"A Panaji-based driving school owner said, \"We face problems on the road as when a person is learning he is not really good at it, but if the learner fumbles on the road other drivers don't deal with it with patience. They speak impolitely, honk and make a fuss about it. People should be patient and understand the situation. The learner panics and the fear of failure remains in the learner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357425", "title": "Mumbai developer to take over Birla property", "text": "MUMBAI: A real estate developer, Runwal Group, has reportedly purchased Neosym Industry Ltd, a metal manufacturing company located on LBS Marg in Bhandup owned by Kolkata industrialist C K Birla's family.Sandeep Runwal, director of Runwal Group, and Jones Lang LaSalle , global property consultant and transaction adviser refused comment. Industry sources say a formal agreement between Runwal and Birlas is expected to be signed soon as the arbitration proceedings with the government on the quantum of stamp duty is almost over.Nevertheless, the transaction may run into hurdles. Since the factory is still operational\u2014the deal is on 'as-is-where-is' basis\u2014there is an issue of about 300 workers and their compensation. The property's acquisition cost is then expected to go over Rs 500 crore.\"The new owner\u2014be it Runwal or Birla\u2014will have to compensate the workers,\"said the chairman of a real estate fund. \"Take the Raymonds issue. The Singhanias, who share a love-hate relationship with their employees, are having a hard time offering a fair compensation package to their workers for the past six years after they decided to commercially exploit their factory land in Thane,\" he added.Realty experts say the developer, after adding construction costs, will be able to sell flats at over Rs 10,000 per sq ft after a few years. The Neosym deal is a land sale and in tune with a common trend of developers purchasing defunct or operational factories. Kalapatru had purchased a 35-acre plot of Clairant Chemicals Ltd in Thane two years ago after the company decided to relocate or close down some of their operations. Ten years ago, Runwal purchased an old factory and constructed their retail outlet, R-Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357390", "title": "Nigerian drugs kingpin, aide arrested with cocaine worth Rs 60 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-narcoticcell (ANC) on Saturday arrested two Nigerian nationals, including the main dealer, who allegedly managed to breach security at Delhi railway station and reached Mumbai with 1 kg cocaine worth Rs 60 lakh. The accused were going to sell the cocaine to Nigerian drug peddlers in the city.The main accused, Delhi-based Jai Charlie Steven (38), has been running a drugs racket for the last 10 years, while his accomplice, Babajide Duro George (47), is a Vasai resident and married to an Indian girl. It was revealed during the probe that George had been deported from India three months ago, but managed to enter the city.Acting on a tip-off,a team supervised by joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy supervised a team, led by additional commissioner of police (crime) Niket Kaushik, ANC DCP Vinayak Deshmukh, Azad Maidan ANC senior inspector SR Kawalekar. The team nabbed the accused while they were on their way to sell the cocaine. ANC officials claimed that Steven can be compared in the league with Underworld don Dawood Ibrahim. Through the kingpin, Steven, the ANC officials learnt that is operating the drug supply from New Delhi for the last 10 years.\"Steven comes to Mumbai every three months to sell cocaine to Nigerian peddlers. He comes to Mumbai every three months to sell the stuff,\" said ANC officials.It has been learnt that Steven gets the consignments through different channels from Mexico to South US to Nigeria and finally it is delivered in Delhi or Chennai. \"Steven travels by train in a 3-tier AC coach from Delhi to Mumbai as checks are not strict at stationsunless there is a terror threat,\" said Azad Maidan ANC senior inspector SR Kawalekar. \"Steven had come to Mumbai two days ago and was staying in Nalasopara. He understands Hindi, which will help us get more details. A Santro car in which they were travelling has been seized,\" he added.The ANC officials told TOI that for the first time they have managed to nab the main drug dealer/ supplier with a huge catch in the last five years and also seized a Santro car in which they travelled to Wadi Bunder in South Mumbai to sell the narcotic substance. The last big catch was in 2007 when the State Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) arrested three persons, including a Nigerian National, and seized 1 kg cocaine, worth Rs 1 crore found in their possession which they had kept in the Maruti car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15356849", "title": "Cabinet\u2019s reserve price for auction of 2G licences vindicates CAG's loss figure", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet's decision to set the reserve price for auction of 2G spectrum licences at Rs 14,000 crore is an admission to the fact that government's official auditor, the comptroller and auditor general (CAG), was not totally off the mark when it had estimated the loss \u2014 arising out of the allocation without bidding in 2008 \u2014 to the tune of Rs 1.76 lakh crore.The CAG had used the 3G licence value of Rs 16,750 crore obtained by the government in auction for 5Mhz band to arrive at the figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore. \"And this base price was made the benchmark also because the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) had in an earlier report endorsed this price parity,\" said a senior CAG official.The main criticism of the policy followed under A Raja's term as the telecom minister was that in 2008, the government had allocated spectrum free with licences and at a price that was fixed in 2001.After CAG came out with its 2G report in 2010, telecom minister Kapil Sibal was joined in by his other Cabinet colleagues and party leaders in criticizing the top auditor for exceeding its brief and delving into policy matters that was exclusively the government's prerogative. Sibal, who was part of the Cabinet decision on Friday to set the base price at Rs 14,000 crore, had then emphasized that it was a zero sum loss \u2014 for the licences allocated by Raja without auction in 2008 \u2014 to the exchequer and that CAG had lost its mind.In fact, a cautious TRAI had this time recommended a reserve price of over Rs 18,000 crore for 5MHz spectrum in the 1800 band, which was 20% higher than what the Cabinet has settled for.A recent internal appraisal made by CAG on quantifying losses in its reports says it was because of its initiative to highlight policy lapses that the CBI intensified its investigation and several arrests were made (in the 2G spectrum case).\"As the scrutiny of the issue grew and truth began to surface, the intensity of accusations against the CAG also increased,\" it observed.The CAG's internal paper blamed the government for not taking its report seriously and relegating it for \"evaluation\" by a Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC). \"The report which had to be taken to logical conclusion in the form of meaningful recommendations of the Public Accounts Committee fell prey to parochial politics and the PAC's report never saw the light of the day,\" the CAG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15358383", "title": "Canacona police retrieve two bodies", "text": "CANACONA: The Canacona police on Friday evening retrieved the body of Suresh Nuekar, 31, which was hanging to the cashew tree with a nylon rope in a forest near his residence at Asali in Canacona.According to the police, Nuekar, who was reported missing since Thursday, allegedly committed suicide. On Friday, a family member found Neukar's body hanging to the cashew tree. Canacona PI Harischandra Madkaikar is investigating the case.In another case, Nura Duregal from Karnataka was found dead at Polem beach in Canacona taluka on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357898", "title": "Provide minimum punishment for rash, negligent driving: Supreme Court judge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Supreme Court decided not to enhance the two-year jail term served out by the 1999 BMW hit-and-run case convict Sanjeev Nanda, a senior judge of the apex court on Saturday said the legislature must provide a minimum sentence for rash and negligent driving, a charge generally slapped on drivers even after he seriously injures innocent pedestrians.Justice P Sathasivam was concerned by the very high rate of fatal accidents in India and said if a minimum sentence was not provided, as was prescribed in the Prevention of Corruption Act for various malpractices by public servants, the culprits would escape the rigours of law by paying the fine amount.\"In order to curb the number of accidents by rash and negligent driving by use of motor vehicles, it is desired that minimum sentence shall be prescribed otherwise by payment of fine, it would be open for the culprits to escape from the clutches of law,\" Justice Sathasivam said while speaking at the Bone and Joint Day function organized by Indian Spinal Injuries Centre.He said this was urgently needed as India had the dubious distinction of having the worst record for road safety in India. \"I was alarmed at the statistics provided. In India 120,000 people die and 127,000 sustain injuries every year in road accidents. Also as per the statistics, there is one death on the Indian roads every six minutes and this is expected to escalate to one death every three minutes,\" Justice Sathasivam said.Moreover, India had only 1% of vehicles registered world over, but accounted for 9% of the fatal road accidents, he said. \"World Health Organization has revealed in its first ever Global Status Report on Road Safety (2009) that more people die in road accidents in India than anywhere else in the world, including the more populous China,\" the apex court Judge said.On Friday, the Supreme Court \u2014 though issued strictures Nanda for his insensitiveness towards injured victims \u2014 did not impose any additional sentence while asking him to pay an additional fine of Rs 50 lakh that would be utilized for compensating victims of highway accidents caused by untraceable vehicles. It had also asked him to do community service for two more years.Justice Sathasivam on Saturday said the judiciary has taken note of the galloping trend of road accidents in India and its devastating consequences. \"The courts have always taken a very strict view on the sentencing policy,\" he said.Citing judgments of the apex court, he said a professional driver should not take chance thinking that even if he was convicted for rash and negligent driving; he would be dealt with leniently by the court.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357540", "title": "Baby left in car, gets towed away", "text": "NEW DELHI: Her parents were unmindful enough to leave a sleeping infant alone in a car in a no-parking zone; the police went several steps ahead and towed the vehicle away, never mind the rear window rolled down, revealing the child.The mishap on Vikas Marg in east Delhi on Saturday fortunately ended well for Nandika, barely over two years, though it sent her parents on a frantic search for an hour and a half. When they managed to reach the police station concerned, the baby was still in the car, having fallen off the seat but luckily unharmed.The ordeal, that Nandika mostly slept through, began around 1pm when her parents, Anil (30) and Neelu Bedi (25), left her on the rear seat and went to buy medicines. The girl, who has been suffering from a chronic illness, had been sedated. The Bedis, who live in Preet Vihar in east Delhi, said they were not at fault as Neelu had stepped out of the car \"only briefly\". Anil, a builder, had got down to buy medicines but called to his wife to confirm the brand name. Neelu said she rolled down the rear window to keep a watch on the baby and got off. According to the Bedis, \"just five minutes later\" when they turned to check, the car was gone. \"I learned from a passerby that my car had been towed away,\" said Anil.The parents had an explanation for that. Initially, the mother, Neelu Bedi (25), was sitting in the car when the father, Anil Bedi (30), a builder, stepped out to the buy medicines. She was called to confirm the name of a medicine and she left after rolling down the windows so that she could keep a watch on the daughter, she said. It was a routine thing for the Bedis, who stay in the Baldev Park area of Preet Vihar, barely a couple of kilometres from the spot.a city where owning a car is easy but parking it a nightmare - and often gets you into trouble with the law - a two-and-a-half-year-old girl was towed away by traffic cops even as she kept sleeping inside her father's car. Interestingly, the glass of the rear window of the car, Santro Zing, had been rolled down but the policeman and the towing van's staff didn't care to look. The incident happened near Vikas Marg in east Delhi around 1 pm on Saturday.The police, which is expected to adopt a humane approach in such matters, is often seen in a hurry to tow away partly because of the money that's paid to the towing contractor. And the zeal to tow away is often quite selective with roadside parking even in congested areas like Greater Kailash and East of Kailash clearly overlooked.Of course, the parents may be asked why they left their child behind. Joint CP (traffic) Satyendra Garg said a high-level inquiry has been ordered into the incident but he had a word of advice for the parents. ``For the good of the child, the parents too need to be careful and vigilant. They cannot leave a child alone, especially when she is unwell and sleeping,'' he said.\"I called up 100 and they asked me to contact Shakarpur police station. They, however, denied having any knowledge of my car. I and my wife then rushed to the traffic unit at the police station where yet again they said my car was never brought there. My wife was on the verge of breaking down, when one constable told me to contact the local recovery agent who owns the recovery van. He recalled having seen my car and told me that it was still at the police station,'' said Anil.When the cops, along with the parents, rushed to the car, they found the child still sleeping on the floor at the rear. ``We had gone to the Sani Mandir at Mehrauli in south Delhi and had given her a sedative that has been prescribed to her. This is the reason she kept sleeping,'' said the father.Speaking to TOI late in the evening, Anil said he was being called up by the cops for a ``compromise.'' He said: ``They are asking me to write a letter that everything has been settled. I had initially decided to lodge a strong protest but I am now in two minds and very stressed out,'' he said.Times ViewIt's the legitimate job of the traffic police to discourage roadside parking but a humane approach at times could endear the force to people. Why the police can't look inside a car, particularly when one window is rolled down, needs to be explained. Perhaps, the old and infirm and people in exceptional circumstances could be let off with a warning instead of being made to run around. Also, a more even-handed approach across the city may help people respect the law. Instead, we find cops indulging shops, guest-houses and banks in residential areas. Parents too need to ensure that their children are in no circumstances left alone in parked cars. This has often led to tragic consequences and constitutes an offence in other countries. There are many lessons to be learnt from Saturday's incident which was entirely avoidable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15356889", "title": "West Bengal school principal accused of drugging, molesting students in hostel", "text": "MALDA: The principal-cum-warden of a residential school in Kaliachak has been accused of drugging and molesting students on the pretext of giving them medicines. Though many students have been allegedly victimized for years, it came to light when the father of a Class IX girl lodged a complaint against the principal, Najib Ali, last Friday.Ali, who is an influential Trinamool leader, has gone into hiding. It is the latest in a string of crimes in Bengal schools, from a girl being stripped in a co-ed classroom to another being forced to lick her own urine in hostel.SS Point Residential School of Nazirpur has been running for 10 years and around 100 girls stay in a hostel adjoining the campus. Though only three have officially complained, many more have alleged that Ali, who lived near the school, regularly misbehaved with them.A few days back, when a Class IX student fell ill, Ali was summoned to the hostel. Instead of giving her medicines, he allegedly drugged the student to make her unconscious and then molested her, says the FIR.On Friday evening, the girl's father went to meet her at the hostel and found her unusually quiet. It took a lot of coaxing to get her to speak, says the father. \"When my daughter told me about her experience. I was too shocked to react. I rushed to the principal's room. But he denied the charges and said it was a conspiracy to defame him. Then the other students also narrated their ordeal,\" he said.The victim's father went to Kaliachak police station late on Friday night and lodged a complaint against Ali. Soon other guardians and villagers joined him and demanded that Ali be arrested. \"We could never imagine that the students were put through such torture. The girls kept quiet because they were scared of their future,\" said another guardian.With Ali being a Trinamool leader, the allegation caused the party much embarrassment. The party's district president, social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra, said: \"The police have to arrest the accused teacher without considering his political affiliation.\" She even blamed police inaction for the rise in crime against women in the district.Malda SP Jayanta Pal said that Kaliachak police raided Ali's house but he was not found. Police teams are out looking for him.The victim's father went to Kaliachak police station late on Friday night and lodged a complaint against Ali. Soon other guardians and villagers joined him and demanded that Ali be arrested. \"We could never imagine that the students were put through such torture. The girls kept quiet because they were scared of their future,\" said another guardian.With Ali being a Trinamool leader, the allegation caused the party much embarrassment. The party's district president, social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra, said: \"The police have to arrest the accused teacher without considering his political affiliation.\" She even blamed police inaction for the rise in crime against women in the district.Malda SP Jayanta Pal said that Kaliachak police raided Ali's house but he was not found. Police teams are out looking for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15358552", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi tells businessmen to be computer savvy", "text": "GAYA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi has a word of advice for Gaya businessmen. He advised the businessmen to acquire proficiency in computer application and shun malpractices.Speaking as the chief guest at the golden jubilee celebration of the Central Bihar Chamber of Commerce (CBCC) on Saturday afternoon, Modi said the NDA government has taken a series of measures to address the genuine grievances of the business community and these measures include e-governance to make things easier for the businessmen and offer doorstep service delivery to them through computers so that they need not visit commercial taxes department offices.Everything can now be done from residential or business premises of the businessman as the government was only a click away, said Modi. Listing the measures taken to eradicate alleged harassment of the business community particularly harassment meted out by the Babus of the commercial taxes department, Modi said everything including filing of tax returns and submission of statements was now being done through the internet and businessmen need not worry on that count.Modi also warned the commercial taxes department officials present at the CBCC function for harassment of businessmen and threatened action against the officials if complaints of harassment of businessmen were found to be true. Modi invited the business community to his weekly 'janata durbar' every Tuesday if they had any problems.Expressing helplessness in providing relief to the traders from the allegedly discouraging provisions of the Food Security Act, Modi said that it was a central act and as such he could do little to bail out the Bihar businessmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361757", "title": "Lakme Fashion Week: Payal Singhal presents 'India in Colour'", "text": "Payal Singhal showcases collection \"India in Colour\" on the first day of LFW Winter Festive 2012A brief look of the mystical Rajasthan to shades of the North and then tones of the East, designer Payal Singhal's collection for the LFW Winter Festive 2012 encompassed Indian drama and more.She made it a point to deter from the usual use of pastels and light hues for ethnic wear; instead fusing more than one colour from the acid neon palette of cyan, fuchsia, lime, cobalt and indigo with lighter hues to create lehengas, jodhpuris and other Indian wear. We noticed garments with shimmer and mirror work or beads, asymmetric cuts for kurtas with abhla work on it, jodhpuris in silk, embroidery on the collar, and tota embroidery among others. What added to her collection, remixed Rajasthani beats and songs and the styling (we think the maang tikka looked lovely). Her showstopper was singer, anchor and model Shibani Dandekar with Puneet Pathak. While Shibani looked oh-so-gorgeous in an assymetrical mirror work lehenga, Puneet wore an ecru silk kurta and gold Patiala salwar. If you're thinking festive and Indian, Payal Singhal had it right.Her price range : Rs 20,000 to a lakhsimi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15358835", "title": "Flashfloods wreak havoc in Manali, 1 dead", "text": "MANALI: One person was killed, 82 families rendered homeless, two major bailey bridges, around 200 metres of the highway and a dozen vehicles were washed away after flashfloods in Seri stream, a tributary of Beas river, wreaked havoc on Friday night near Manali. The total loss, according to preliminary estimates, is over Rs 55 crore.Body of drowned man and his car were recovered near Kullu. Many trucks, tractors and JCB machines of BRO and over 50 temporary built houses of labourers were washed away from Bahang village.\"We spent a horrible night guarding our houses amid screams of people who were shifting their household items to safer places,\" said Sanjeev Kumar , a resident of Bahang village.Similar was the conditions in Palchan, Aluground, Kalath, Bahnu, 18 Mile and dozens of villages of Kullu. A bailey bridge on road to south portal of the Rohtang tunnel was completely damaged. Hundreds of labourers and engineers are stranded on one side of the bridge. The connecting road to the tunnel has also damaged at four places which has badly affected the construction work on the tunnel.S P Sharma, chief engineer of Rohtang tunnel project, said floods in Seri stream has caused considerable damage to the highway which has affected the construction work on the tunnel. \"All our men are safe and working at the site. Repair work has already been started,\" he said.Another bailey bridge connecting Manali-Leh highway with Army transit camp at Palchan has been damaged. Hundreds of vehicles have been stranded along the Manali-Leh highway as road link has been disrupted at Palchan.Keeping in view of the safety of tourists and locals, the administration has installed a temporary barrier at Vashisht chowk. Traffic on Manali-Kullu national highway also remained closed till Saturday morning as a small stretch was washed away on Friday night. Over 50% of a newly-built hydel project was destroyed.Police have evacuated hundreds of families residing near the river banks between Palchan and Kullu to safer places. Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi said relief work is being carried out and people. \"Roads are being repaired. Locals and tourists are advised not to venture close to rivers and streams as the water level may rise any time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15358923", "title": "Abu Salem seeks stay on trial in extortion case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Extradited underworld don Abu Salem today moved a Delhi court seeking a stay on his trial in an extortion case in the wake of Portugal's constitutional court turning down India's appeal against the cancellation of his extradition.In his application filed before chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash, Salem sought that his trial be stayed as \"continuation of his trial after termination of the authorization granted for his extradition is against the law, justice and without jurisdiction.\"The court has issued a notice to the prosecution seeking its reply on the application.Salem's counsel MS Khan submitted Salem was extradited in 2005 by Indian government from Portugal where he was arrested in 2002 and according to the extradition agreement Salem could not be charged with offences entailing life imprisonment or death sentence.Salem was extradited in connection with eight cases, including the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts case, two Passport Act cases, two murder cases and three extradition cases one of which is pending before the CMM court here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15357058", "title": "Woman cop dies in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old police constable who was going to take up a new posting was killed in a road accident near Tambaram on Saturday.Vetri Selvi of Mannivakkam, who was attached to the Selaiyur police station, was riding her bike to join an anti-vice squad when a lorry struck her vehicle from behind on the Irumbuliyur bridge.Police, after talking to witnesses, said that as Selvi was nearing the bridge she suddenly slowed down and the asbestos-laden lorry that was close behind hit her bike. She fell down and came right under the wheels of the lorry. She was wearing a helmet. The lorry was coming from Coimbatore and was headed to a firm supplying construction material in Chromepet.On information, St Thomas Mount traffic investigation police personnel rushed to the spot and sent Selvi's body to the Government Hospital in Chromepet for autopsy.Selvi had joind the department six years ago and her father Palanisamy is a sub-inspector at the Peerkankaranai police station.The St Thomas Mount traffic investigation police registered a case under IPC Section 304 (a) (death caused due to negligent driving) and arrested lorry drivers Marimuthu, 37, of Sengottai and Kumar, 28, of Puliankudi in Tirunelveli district. The two were later remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357590", "title": "Clampdown on illegal parking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready for a \" clampdown\" on unauthorized parking. In a city where parking space is at a premium, the traffic police have found a new way to penalize those parking wrongly. Parking \"clamps\" have been procured from China to hold the illegally parked cars in place, keeping the violator from driving away.These clamps will be used from Monday, first in the areas near high-end malls. Cops say the clamps will be used in areas where people tend to park vehicles on service lanes and roads, though there is plenty of parking space. A trial took place on Saturday, near malls in Saket and South Extension. \"We have bought five clamps on a trial basis, but we hope to increase the number significantly to rein traffic violators. Areas where parking is available and it is difficult to tow away vehicles, will be targeted,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The clamps, which will be put on one of the wheels, will prevent the car from moving. The wheel will be held fast by blocks on both sides, which will be locked together with a rod, said officials. The clamps will be unlocked only after the penalty is paid. The clamps cost less than Rs 2,000 apiece and require few traffic policemen. The Hyderabad traffic police is using more than 1,000 such clamps at present.Clamping of vehicles may prove more effective as towing often leaves the car damaged or with scratches. Also, offenders will not have to hunt for the nearest police station where towed vehicles are usually taken. They will save on towing charges and will effectively pay Rs 600 as fine \u2014 a saving of Rs 1-300 depending on the type of vehicle. This does not mean the practice of towing will be discontinued; clamping will be implemented alongside towing. This is a common practice abroad and in some Indian cities as well.\"We have about 70 towaway vehicles, of which 30 can be used to tow away high-end vehicles. It is difficult to tow vehicles when too many cars are wrongly parked, or when the towaway vehicles for high-end vehicles in unavailable,\" said Garg.Initially, traffic police will focus on areas like service lanes of malls, Sarojini Nagar parking, South Extension, Lajpat Nagar and Khan Market. All roads in Delhi are by default no-parking zones. The traffic police have advised people to park only in authorized lots to avoid being challaned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358674", "title": "Battling for breath", "text": "Athletes wheezing helplessly due to asthma attacks is not the image one usually associates with the Olympics. But this hyper-sensitive disease is the unseen opponent many have to battle against. A new Australian study, in fact, says that 8% of all participants in the last five Olympics suffered from this condition. The London Olympics are no different; 25% of the British athletics team suffers from asthma. Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins, who won a gold a couple of days back, is a prime example.But why is asthma the most common disease among Olympians? Experts say it could be a case of exercise-induced asthma; exercises set off such a biochemical reaction among some people that they suffer an asthma attack. Exercising makes people breathe faster. This, for some reason, hampers a process that occurs in the nose of mixing moisture to the air just inhaled. Dry air gets into hyper-sensitive airways, kickstarting the body's defence mechanism to produce more mucous. As the airways narrow with excess mucous lining, an asthma attack is in full swing.Exercise-induced asthma is not confined to athletes. Dr Amita Athavale from KEM Hospital in central Mumbai, who is conducting an ongoing study on causes and incidence of asthma, says it can occur in others as well. \"We get cases of people who on a short visit to, say, New York decide to go jogging and get an episode of exercise-induced asthma. This is because of the relative cold and dry weather there,'' she adds. Dr Aashish Contractor, who is the medical director of the annual Mumbai Marathon , says, \"The triggers are cold, dry air and exercise. The weather is humid here, and not many Indians exercise. So exercise-induced is not as common here as pollution or allergy-induced asthma,'' he says.There has been no pan-India study on the incidence of asthma, with various studies pegging it between 2% and 6% of the total population. The problem is on the rise because of alarming pollution and changing lifestyles, say doctors. \"People use carpets and display stuffed toys in living rooms,'' says a doctor. People are also increasingly exercising in air-conditioned gyms with controlled humidity.Going back to the Olympics, half of the cross-country skiers, world-class ice skaters and ice hockey players suffer from exercise-induced asthma. It is more common in athletes who compete in winter sports.Delhi's dry and cooler weather in comparison to Mumbai's high-humidity air would mean exercise-induced asthma is more likely in the capital. \"But then Mumbai's pollution, especially the content of construction dust in the city's air, is so high that runners are equally prone,'' points out a chest specialist, adding that studies haven't been done to firmly establish city-wise triggers.According to endocrinologist Dr Shashank Joshi, \"While exercise-induced asthma is a well-known entity, it is not the same as classic asthma.'' The bottomline about exercise-induced asthma is that it can be easily controlled. \"At times, it is as simple as telling people to change their form of exercise,'' says chest specialist Dr Athavale. Olympic athletes who have signed up as asthmatics are, however, on inhaler therapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15365880", "title": "Akram offers to train young Pakistan pacers", "text": "LAHORE: Former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram has offered his services to train and groom young pacers in the country if the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) is willing to utilise his services.\"I have always said that I am available to work with the young bowlers in Pakistan but due to my busy schedule I can't do this full time. But whenever I am in Pakistan I am available to coach and groom the youngsters,\" he said at the Moin Khan academy.The PCB recently said it wanted Akram to work as a bowling consultant with them and the former fast bowler also said that Pakistan had a bright future in the pace department as there was lot of talent available in the country.\"There is no dearth of talent in Pakistan, it only has to be scouted and groomed properly. And I am willing to do that because I would like to work with youngsters and train them.\"Akram, who has worked as bowling consultant with the Kolkata Knight Riders in the last IPL edition, also felt that the present crop of Pakistani pacers needed to define a clear role for themselves in the national team.\"I don't think Umar Gul is a spent force. He is a quality bowler. His main problem is that he is unable to define a role for himself in the team. He is unable to adjust his bowling according to the different formats of the game.\"He is bowling the same in Tests and the same in Twenty20 and that is hurting his performance,\" Wasim said.Stating that Test cricket was the ultimate test for a bowler, Akram said, \"The bowlers will have to realise that Test cricket is still the ultimate test for any bowler. Unless you are successful in this format you can't be really be regarded as world class.\"Akram said that with the rapid popularity of T20 cricket and the expansion of foreign leagues and international matches, the bowlers now needed to work harder to perform in every format.\"Nowadays cricket is very different from what it was in my days. Today there is so much professionalism and top class facilities for the players.\"Meanwhile, the former great also welcomed the resumption of Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties.\"I frequently go to India and I know for a fact that the Indian people are as keen as we are for the bilateral series to resume as soon as possible. So it is a good thing that India has invited us to play in India this year.\"Akram said that resumption of bilateral ties was not only important for both countries but for the sport.\"Indo-Pak matches are more than cricket and that is what makes them so special every time the two teams play against each other,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15358853", "title": "Non-affiliated BEd colleges get extension", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All BEd colleges affiliated to Panjab University, whose affiliation issue was hanging fire for long, have been granted extension for three months in Saturday's syndicate meeting, addressed by the new vice-chancellor Arun Kumar Grover.The committee, reviewing the matter pertaining to these colleges, has recommended that the colleges submit compliance report within this time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15358561", "title": "Drought spectre looms large over Gaya district", "text": "GAYA: With about 80% of the paddy fields remaining barren even as the ideal plantation period in the district expired on July 31, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi, on Friday , virtually pressed the panic button by cancelling the leave of all officials associated with agriculture, irrigation and allied departments.Scanty rainfall has made the spectre of drought loom large over the district having only 5% land under assured irrigation.The DM also released the diesel grant to help farmers of the rain-deficient district to undertake plantation with the help of diesel pumping sets to meet the water demand for paddy plantation.Show-cause notices have also been served on several officials of departments concerned for their indifferent attitude and not intervening on time to promote varieties requiring low water intake.At a meeting of the agriculture task force (ATF), the DM was informed that 10 of the state tubewells had become non-functional on account of electrical fault while 16 state tubewells were having electrical as well as mechanical defects.The DM has directed irrigation officials to ensure immediate repair of all the defective state tubewells. She has also sought a status report on all the 76 state tubewells and the help provided to the farmers.According to reports reaching district headquarters, water-related tension prevailed in several areas of the district with villagers fighting among themselves over the water available in the traditional water bodies.According to reports from Konch block of the district, people in several villages have banned pumping of groundwater for agricultural use because, they fear, it would lead to drinking water crisis.Sharing his apprehension, a Konch villager, Devendra Prasad, said given the choice between food and drinking water crises, the villagers will opt for food crisis as water crisis would be far more painful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356731", "title": "Friendships built on spirit of community, harmony", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Most of them were barely in their teens when the riots broke out in 2002. As their families shifted from the riot-torn areas of Naroda, most of this group of around 20 boys were separated and lived elsewhere for a couple of years.In this working-class neighbourhood, members of both Hindu and Muslim communities were jailed for rioting and violence.Mushtaq Mansuri's father and elder brother too spent a couple of months in jail. During this time, Mushtaq's family was at the Shah-e-Alam relief camp. A few years later, the family returned to Naroda.\"All our Muslim friends had left the place. Over time, some returned and began living here once again,\" he said.A few years later, these youths banded together again and decided to get involved in some kind of community activity. A committee of nine members was formed, which included two Hindu friends - Chirag Prajapati (26) and Vipul Panchal (23).The group began gathering money for programmes observe Muharram and celebrate Navratri in the area. \"Earlier, my elder brother Asif and his friends used to collect money for celebrations during festivals. These activities stopped after the riots. We started it again,\" said Arif Shaikh, who now works as a mechanic in the area.All members of this group, which has now named itself 'Sangharsh', make a pilgrimage to Ajmer together, which has been a regular annual feature for them. The group also gathers funds to put up a stall on the highway nearby, to provide services for pilgrims who make the 'padayatra' to the temple at Ambaji from all over the state.Last year, a group of Kashmiris migrants who came to the city to escape a particular severe winter there, was left stranded here. When they couldn't get jobs and had to resort to begging, the group came to their rescue and supplied them food for nearly a week, till local politicians and NGOs took up the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15356869", "title": "Magistrate rapped for denying bail to school teacher", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court rapped a magistrate who refused bail to a teacher arrested for negligence after a student died on a school playground. The court said that denial of bail to a person accused of a bailable offence would amount to infringement of fundamental right to liberty.\"The right to bail in a bailable offence was an absolute and indefeasible right of the accused. Neither the magistrate nor the police officer who arrested the accused has any power to deny bail provided the accused was prepared to execute bond and produce sureties,\" observed Justice Nagamuthu, concurring with submissions of senior counsel N R Elango.Parameswaram, a physical education teacher of a school in north Chennai, was arrested on July 27, 2012 after a boy died during his physical training period. He was held after inquiries revealed that during the period a fight erupted between two boys and they attacked each other. One boy died after suffering severe blows. Police first registered a case of death under suspicious circumstances, and then charged Parameswaran with offences punishable under Section 304A (causing death due to negligence). It is the case of the police that Parameswaran failed in his duty to monitor the students playing in the playground.After his arrest, Parameswaran was produced before the XVI MM (George Town) for remand. At that time he filed for bail as it was a bailable offence. However, the magistrate dismissed the bail plea. Parameswaran approached the high court terming the decision as illegal.Justice Nagamuthu said such fundamental right as right to life and liberty could be restricted only by following the procedure established by law. \"As has been laid down by the Supreme Court, under Section 436 of CrPC, it is mandatory for a magistrate to grant bail and he has got no power to deny bail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356730", "title": "'English Cinema' came first, Bollywood later", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad can boast of having a 'cinema hall' much before Bollywood produced its first film. In 1910, the Bohra brothers - Hasan Ali, Ahmed Ali and Kalimuddin - pioneered in this part of the world touring cinema, which was later named 'Grand Theatre' but popularly known as 'English Cinema'.Initially, it was housed in tents in a ground at Danapith in Kalupur. Jayendra Bhatt, who has chronicled events that took place at this cinema hall, writes that this theatre turned out to be a big success despite the fact that few from middle and upper middle classes visited it because of the bad image of cinema.Bolstered by the financial success, the Bohra brothers purchased a 426-square yard plot near Panchkuwa Darwaja and shifted their tents, which were later replaced by small buildings. Finally in 1927, a complete cinema hall was constructed.Till Alam Ara was screened in 1932, this theatre was playing silent movies - mostly English titles. It was for its specialized screenings of English films that it became famous as English Cinema. City's historian Rizwan Qadri elaborately documents how this theatre projected first two Gujarati talkies in the same year that were quite successful.Bhatt notes that the theatre's fame attracted hoards from all across Gujarat. \"Sometimes people had to wait for three days before they could gain entry into the cinema hall.\"During the silent era, the cinema owners obligingly provided a running commentary on the film, the 'experts' were hired to narrate and explain films to the audience. English Cinema remained ahead in its publicity bid also. While a procession led by a musical band for advertising a film was a common sight, English Cinema used to hire trucks to take people around, throwing tennis balls carrying the film advertisements.Bhatt claims that the drama did not end there; it was carried right into the theatre too. Performance of a skit or a dance accompanied with music during the intervals at English Cinema was a regular feature.The theatre bore the brunt of communal frenzy during the 1969 riots. Its roof, furniture and entire equipment were gutted in fire, but it was later restored. However, the cinema hall went into oblivion as most of the single-screen theatres gave way to shopping centers as the realty market surged by the end of the 20th century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15358924", "title": "Sleuths convinced IM behind blasts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Based on a host of factors and indications, investigators now are convinced that the low-intensity serial blasts in Pune on Wednesday were executed by the outlawed Indian Mujahideen (IM). While it may have been executed by some new recruits of the terror outfit, IM leadership that is mostly intact and believed to be hiding in Pakistan may have planned the attack, sources say.Investigators have ruled out the possibility of Maoists or Hindu fringe groups being responsible for the four blasts and two unexploded IEDs, sources said.They believe that the bombs failed to explode fully because of the mismatch in the entire bomb circuit and the ammonium nitrate used was old. The intensity of the explosions would have been far bigger had all the charges gone off. Ammonium nitrate used was new or explosives like RDX were used, sources say.Wednesday's incident is similar to what happened in Surat in 2008, when 22 IEDs were recovered in the town, a day after Ahmedabad was ravaged by serial blasts on July 26 killing 57 people.A source said the circuit only led to the detonators exploding, and not all the charges in the bombs. The explosives were packed into a boat-shaped wooden case to make the impact of the blast more concentrated. Similar devices have been used in the past in bomb attacks in India by IM, they said.Among the motives for the attack could be the murder of suspected IM operative Qateel Ahmad Siddiqui in Pune's Yerawada Jail in June. Also, the arrest of Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abul Jundal, the key 26/11 suspect, who is in the custody of Maharashtra Police, might be a plausible motive.From the descriptions given by the cycle shop-owner about those who bought the cycles used in the Pune blasts, investigators are looking for two youth, who spoke both Hindi and Gujarati and are in the 25-30 age group.They are also analyzing all mobile communication in the explosion area around the time of the blasts. While it may help investigators get some clue, it is still not known whether the bombers were carrying cellphones.They are also looking at available CCTV footages near the blast sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15358771", "title": "'PMC recycles 70% garbage'", "text": "PUNE: By its own admission, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) processes only 70% of the city's garbage, while the remaining 30% remains untreated as the existing mechanism cannot take care of 1,300-1,400 metric tonne garbage the city generates every day.The Environment Status Report (ESR) for 2011-12, published by the civic body this week, exposes the administration's claim of achieving 100% processing. The city's garbage collection is going up by 5% every year. \"The processing units function up to 70% of their capacity because of the gaps in garbage collection, electricity problems, machinery breakdown, maintenance and other local issues,\" the ESR states.After dumping waste at the landfill in Urali Devachi and Phursungi for nearly twenty years, the civic body in June 2010 claimed to have completely stopped open dumping of garbage. Since then, the civic body has been claiming that it processes all garbage - about 1,000 tonne at Hanjer Biotech Company in Urali Devachi, while the remaining is taken care of at the biogas, mechanical compost and vermicompost units.The ESR has urged the civic body to set up more processing plants. The report states that the PMC has 11 biogas and three mechanical composting projects in the city to treat 50-55 tonnes garbage daily.Suresh Jagtap, head, solid waste management, said the civic body has speeded up the process to set up five tonne capacity biogas projects in the city and a budgetary provision has been made. \"The current mechanism has its limitations as garbage is growing and its composition affects the processing capacity of the plants,\" Jagtap said.A study by the Nagrik Chetana Manch says the civic body does not follow the mandated procedure for handling and managing garbage, and with no perspective, the PMC cannot be resilient enough to deal with the entire garbage generated in the city.A senior PMC official said the civic body has failed to implement garbage segregation. \"Many biogas projects are facing problems because of non-segregated garbage. Overall, about 30% of the collected garbage remains untreated. It is treated the next day and incoming garbage piles up in containers and also at plant sites,\" he said.President of the manch, Maj Gen (retd) S C N Jatar, said, \"There are inherent defects in the site selection and design of the Hanjer plant and in its preparation of organic manure. It is a continuing health hazard not only to the residents, but to those who consume crops cultivated with Hanjer organic manure.\"There are a spate of complaints from Phursungi-Uruli residents and breakdowns at the plant resulting in accumulation of garbage in the city. \"Our preliminary study over the past three months reveals some inherent problems with the site and design of the plant, exacerbated by the absence of systematic management and handling of municipal solid waste,\" said Jatar.\"As the Hanjer plant is capable of processing mixed garbage, the civic body neither has any compulsion nor the incentive to ensure garbage segregation at source, which is mandatory. The capacity of the plant would increase 25 to 35% if it gets only wet garbage. While the PMC insists that the garbage is being segregated, it has failed to provide us with a list of organisations engaged in doorstep collection of municipal solid waste. This strengthens our impression that the civic body is not adhering to the regulations regarding segregation of garbage at source. It does not have a record of the quantity of garbage used for generating gas or garbage collected from restaurants, hotels , etc. The PMC is not covering all such units even now due to shortage of vehicles,\" states the study report prepared by the manch.\"Complains of overflowing bins giving rise to nausea, infestation and rats, mice, other rodents, ticks, flies and mosquitoes have become common in many localities. The PMC has no mechanism to ensure 100% garbage collection and processing,\" said Congress corporator Aba Bagul.The administration said an expanding city necessitates employment of more conservancy staff and equipment to tackle garbage. \"As of now, the civic body has 4,000 sweepers who work in the 14 ward offices. With the city's area now encompassing 243.96 sq km, the workforce is insufficient,\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358262", "title": "Now, Centre amends law to deal with illegal mining", "text": "PANAJI: After the raging debate on illegal mining in Karnataka and Goa, the Union mines ministry has amended the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960, to help state governments to crack the whip against those convicted for illegal mining.The amendment carried out by inserting two sections, in rule 26 after sub-rule (3) and rule 27 after sub-rule (4), empowers state governments to cancel mining leases if the same are convicted for illegal mining, and also to reject any renewal applications of previously convicted leases.\"This amendment will strengthen the hands of the directorate of mines in tackling issues of illegal mining,\" mines director Prasanna Acharya told STOI.After the inquiry by the Shah Commission uncovered massive illegal mining activities in Karnataka and led to the resignation of chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, the row also erupted in Goa after allegations of rampant illegal mining gained momentum. The Shah Commission also commenced an inquiry in the state, though its interim report submitted to the mines ministry is yet to be made public.Environmentalists showed mixed reaction to the amendment.Reacting to the decision, environmentalist Ramesh Gauns \"It is a good but belated decision after illegal mining has almost finished the resources,\" said Ramesh Gauns, a Bicholim-based social activist.He was skeptical about the implementation of the new rule. \"It remains to be seen how the Goa government, which is involved in illegal mining and is working under pressure from the mining lobby, follows the new rule,\" Gauns said. Politicians can use the threat of action against illegal mining leases to increase their bargaining power for gains, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358485", "title": "ICSE syllabus at par with other boards: Gerry Arathoon", "text": "PATNA: Clearing the misconception that Indian School Certificate (ISC) syllabus is not competition-based, Gerry Arathoon, chief executive officer and secretary of Council of the Indian School Certificate Examination, New Delhi, on Saturday said, \"A common curriculum has been devised for the entire country. In fact, it has some additional topics that will give an edge to our students. Our syllabus is at par with other boards.\"Speaking on the second day of 25th Regional Conference of Association of Schools for the Indian School Certificate (ASISC), Arathoon congratulated the ASISC on its silver jubilee. \"The members should have conviction, passion and farsightedness for the better of our schools,\" he said.Addressing the who's who of about 96 ICSE/ISC schools of Bihar and Jharkhand , Arathoon informed them about a new system of online affiliation of schools, which will soon be in place, and reduction in examination fees by more than 50% from 2013.When asked why CBSE schools are more popular than the ICSE, Mary Alphonsa, principal, Don Bosco Academy, Patna, said, \"It is the mindset of the people that CBSE curriculum is easy. But, now, all boards have the same syllabus in Class 12th. So there will be no difference.\"Mehjabeen Rizvi, principal, Rose Bud School, Patna said, \"I fail to understand why people prefer CBSE over ICSE. That the ICSE syllabus is difficult is all rumour. In fact, someone who passes Class 12 from the ICSE Board has extremely good English.\"Pooja Ann Sharma, vice-principal, Jesus and Mary Academy, Patna City, explained, \"The common belief is that CBSE is competition-based and its comprehensive evaluation system attracts more students to it. Otherwise, till Class 10, it is the same in all the boards.\"Christopher Francis, regional secretary of ASISC, also congratulated the Patna zone for the successful hosting of the conference and invited the members for the national conference at Kolkata.A two-day exhibition of school books by more than 25 publishers was also put up as an opportunity to tap possible business market. Raghuvanshi Lal of Cardova Publication, Noida, said, \"We have come here for business purpose and the response had been very good.\"R I Thornton, principal, Bishop Westcott Boys School, Ranchi, was elected the president, ASISC, Bihar and Jharkhand, at the conference on Saturday. Mary Alphonsa, principal, Don Bosco Academy, Patna, was elected the vice-president while Christopher Francis retained his post as the regional secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359215", "title": "The company of Anna", "text": "Apparently, a democracy is a place where numerous elections are held at great cost without issues and with interchangeable candidates Gore Vidal. When they gathered for the first time at Jantar Mantar, which is the final refuge of the forgotten people, they just got five minutes on television. Next time the crowds swelled, their language turned acerbic and they were accused of corroding the institutions of democracy. In August last year, when Anna Hazare and his team fasted at Ramlila Maidan, it seemed as if the nation had found a purpose even as some accused them of being closet right-wingers. This time, the crowds were thin and the TV cameras were missing. So, the hungerstrike underwent a metamorphosis --turning into a political movement, which some see as a face-saving exit.Gore Vidal, the wordsmith and politician manqu who passed away this week, didnt have India on his mind when he wrote those words about democracy. If the feeling across the world is an indication, the American could be talking about any country.Since 2008, when the crisis on the Wall Street rocked the main streets, there has been an anti-politician not anti-politics mood across the world. Led by middle- and working-class folks who lost their jobs, houses and social benefits even as big corporations got bail-outs, the Occupy Wall Street movement has spread from New York to London. With WikiLeaks releasing the cables that exposed the US role in propping up dictators, the Arab world has been on fire for two years. And in India, with a series of scams rocking the government, people mostly urban and middle-class have come out to protest.But now, the agitators say, the time for protests is over. Its time to end the Delhi-centric government and take governance to the people. Thats a huge leap by a movement which so far has had one agenda Jan Lokpal Bill. There was no alternative. People wanted some solution, but this insensitive government was not ready to listen. So we had to take this decision, says Prashant Bhushan, a member of Team Anna.In recent years, despite the voting percentage shooting up, there has been a growing feeling among a section that politics in India is now all about rotation of power among a few. India does not need change of government but change in political system. Sixty-five years of the current system has created a huge divide between people and governance, tweeted filmmaker Shekhar Kapur on Friday, backing Team Annas decision.The gap between the government and people is not limited to India. Around the globe, many now believe that politics is too serious a business to be left to professional politicians. In London, Bryn Phillips, a community organiser who was a spokesman for protesters who occupied St Paul's cathedral last year, is contesting a City by-election. At next years election, the Occupy movement will field a full slate of candidates an indication that many people have little faith in the Conservatives and the Labour party. The Occupy movement articulated a powerful current of feeling that the cuts in public spending and public services are driven not by the need to cut the deficit, but are primarily an attempt to re-engineer society in the interests of corporations and the very rich, says George Monbiot, British writer and columnist on social issues.Across the Atlantic, despite no clear leadership and manifesto, the Occupy Wall Street activists are joining politics. In January, Nathan Kleinman, a member of the Occupy Philadelphia movement, ran for Congress. Then in Alabama, John Thornton filed paperwork to create the OWS Political Action Committee. Aware of their limitations in the election ring, where success without big money is impossible, the Occupy activists are trying to rejig the political debate. But how much chance does a movement without a face have in the cutthroat world of two-party system If a social movement is powerful enough, then it will win concessions from the ruling elite and perhaps even sweep them away and build a new system. In the foreseeable future, elections in the US will remain a dog and pony show where most Americans vote not for any positive change but out of fear and loathing, says Arun Gupta, one of the leading members of the Occupy movement and founding editor of The Indypendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363452", "title": "Aadi\u2019s Sukumarudu nearing completion", "text": "Aadi-starrer Sukumarudu is in the last leg of production. The movie has already completed 70 percent of the shooting and the fresh schedule will commence from August 15.Directed by Ashok G of \"Pilla Jamindaru\" fame, Sukumarudu is tipped to be a family entertainer and the makers exude confidence that the film will attract all sections of the audience. Ashok says that Sukumarudu will be a big hit like Prema Kavali and Lovely and also strengthens Aadi's place in the industry. The movie has sentiment and action in good proportions and also comes with as many as 54 big artistes from the industry.The film has Superstar Krishna, Nisha Agarwal and Neelam Upadhyay playing key roles. Anup Rubens is scoring the music, Sai Sriram cranks the camera and Chandrasekhar Gundimeda is penning the dialogues. Sukumarudu is produced by K Venu Gopal while KVV Satyanarayana is presenting it under Sri Soudamini Creations banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359285", "title": "Luxe homes come up around barren Arkavathy land", "text": "BANGALORE: For nine years now, nothing has changed on the 2,750 acres of land in Bangalore North, acquired by the Bangalore Development Authority to form Arkavathy Layout.Except that private builders have put up high-end villas, villaments and row houses all around Arkavathy, and land prices have shot up from Rs 50 lakh in 2003-04 to the going rate of Rs 4 crore an acre.The potential of the massive barren tract of Arkavathy land is enormous, considering the demand for housing in a city bursting at its seams.Why has the government not been able to interfere in the BDA's failure to allot sites and put an end to controversies dogging this stretch, ask members of Arkavathy Layout Allottees Association, who have been waiting for their sites since 2006.Prominent builders in the city know their priorities: sensing the growing demand in the vicinity of Bangalore International Airport, they have cashed in on the opportunity and come up with huge luxury housing projects off Hebbal.Builder Girish Puravankara's 'LGCL Beautiful World' is coming up at Byrathy in the vicinity of Arkavathy layout.Sobha Developers have three prime projects in the area: Sobha City, a new township on Thanisandra main road on 36 acres of land, with a plan for 1,537 houses of luxury and super-luxury row houses.Sobha Petunia, a luxury housing complex of 156 houses is coming up on Hebbal Ring Road on a plot area of 4.4 acres. Yet another project is Sobha Chrysanthemum, built on about nine acres of land.Sobha has made the best use of Thanisandra main road connection to BIA. \"The areas surrounding Arkavathy Layout are closer to Bangalore International Airport and thus, demand has increased in North Bangalore. With BMRC planning to extend to Bellary Road, distances are getting killed. Property value has shot up in these areas,\" said JC Sharma, managing director, Sobha Developers.Brigade Altamont, a project of Brigade Group, is coming up adjacent to Arkavathy Layout.Purvankara's 'LGCL Beautiful World' off Hennur Road, coming up on two acres, will have 29 upmarket villas.'THE NEW LODE STAR'Why we chose this particular piece of land is because of better infrastructure facilities provided on this corridor. It has green open spaces in the surroundings. I would call it the new Indiranagar of Bangalore.Girish Puravankara | builder'DEVELOPERS ARE BETTER'Why can't the government learn from builders? Those who sold their land to builders have at least got some money, but those who have lost land for the BDA layout have got nothing so far. We have been jobless for more than seven years, we haven't got compensation and are not allowed to use our fertile land.JR Kumar | farmer from jakkur who lost land for arkavathy layoutCleared by sita", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15357077", "title": "Shortage of tuberculosis drug puts patients in Tamil Nadu at risk", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of patients visiting the state-run primary healthcare centres for TB treatment are being given low dosages of the antibiotic rifampicin as there is an acute shortage of the drug.TB, caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis, can be fatal, but is curable with a cocktail of antibiotics. Rifampicin is among this combination of first-line drugs that include ethambutol, isoniazid and pyrazinamide.Doctors in the private sector say their patients are forced to skip anti-TB tablets for several days as it is not available at many pharmacies. Experts say this slows the cure and increases the risk of drug resistance in patients. Such patients can also increase the rate of transmission in the community.State TB control officer Dr K Arunagiri said directly observed treatment short-course (DOTS) centres across the state had been affected by the dwindling supply from the national TB division. \"We have told the Union ministry about the shortage. There is a shortage on the manufacturing side,\" he said.Many drug stores in the city said they had run out of rifampicin stocks weeks ago. \"Pharmaceutical companies say raw material and production cost don't match the MRP mandated by the drug authorities. This has affected manufacturing,\" said R Srinivasan, a supplier.The dosage of drugs changes with body weight. For patients above 59kg, 600mg of rifampicin is prescribed. \"Now we are forced to give them only 450mg,\" said a DOTS provider. This, some experts said, is dangerous. \"All drugs in the TB treatment regime are vital because an incomplete course can increase resistance,\" said infectious diseases expert Dr V Ramasubramanian of Apollo Hospitals . Patients who develop resistance to rifampicin will have to be given a second line of antibiotics that are more expensive.Lower dosages can reduce patient's response time to drug. \"It slows treatment and increases chances of infection in the community,\" said Dr Nalini Krishnan, who heads REACH, an NGO.Every year, India adds the largest number of people to the global TB population. The Union health ministry in 2009 estimated that out of the 9.4 million TB cases globally, 2 million were from India. Nearly 40% of India's population is infected with TB. According to a WHO estimate in 2009, 249 out of every 100,000 people had TB in India. In Tamil Nadu , at least 30,000 people are registered under the revised national tuberculosis programme for receiving free medicines.The recent rise in TB death has been linked to drop out rates due alcoholism , drug abuse and migration. Transmission occurs through coughing of infectious droplets and usually requires prolonged contact with the sufferer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15362733", "title": "Sri Lanka fined for slow over-rate in fifth ODI", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka have been fined for maintaining a slow over-rate during its 20-run defeat against India in the fifth and final ODI in Pallekele.Chris Broad of the Elite Panel of ICC Match Referees imposed the fines after Angelo Mathews' side was ruled to be one over short of its target yesterday when time allowances were taken into consideration.In accordance with the ICC Code of Conduct, regulations governing minor over-rate offences, players are fined 10 per cent of their match fees for every over their side fails to bowl in the allotted time, with the captain fined double that amount.As such, Mathews was fined 20 per cent of his match fee while his players received 10 per cent fines.If Mathews is found guilty of one more minor over-rate offence in ODIs over the next 12 months, he will receive a one-match suspension as per the provisions of the ICC Code of Conduct.The offence is contrary to Article 2.5.1 of the code which relates to minor over-rate offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15357192", "title": "Remembering Capt Lakshmi Sehgal's Madurai connect", "text": "MADURAI: One person who is forlorn and was sleepless over the demise of INA leader Captain Lakshmi is I Mayandi Bharathi, the oldest freedom fighter from Madurai. This 96-year-old man, who lived through the freedom struggle, says an era has come to an end with her death.Bharathi recalls his meeting with Captain Lakshmi in Madurai, in the post-independent era, when she had shown a lot of interest in the freedom struggle in this part of the state. \"She was a woman I admired the most,\" he said.When Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose visited Chennai, MayandiBharathi was the president of the Chennai Province Extremist Youth Wing and was in the welcome committee. \"I accompanied him in an open car to the meeting venue, and recall Netaji telling us that the World War II had given us a golden opportunity to intensify the freedom struggle and win,\" he said.Though a Gandhian by principles and philosophy, he is filled with awe when he speaks of Netaji. \"Women from south Tamil Nadu who had gone to work in estates of Malaysia and Burma pledged their jewels for the INA movement. It is said Netaji once said he would like to be born a Tamilian if he were to be born again,\" Bharathi said.Bharathi has his own scrapbook with photographs of leaders like Gandhi, Rajaji and Kamaraj among others from which he narrates stories to laymen and children. He has a print of a black and white photograph of Netaji, with freedom fighters K P Janaki Amman and Muthuramalingam Thevar, pointing to Netaji's visit to Madurai.Even on the day TOI visited him, he was compiling a book with notes he had collected on the lives of different leaders and was trying to complete a page on Captain Lakshmi.Bharathi went to prison numerous times including during 1942, 1943 and 1944 for participating in the Quit India Movement. His booklet 'Quit India' talks about the freedom struggle in a nutshell. He said the conditions that prevailed in India during the early 1930s prompted him to join the movement despite strong opposition from his parents.He laments that the governments of today ignore the welfare of freedom fighters. He lives with his sick wife Ponnammal in a small house on Kakathopu Street in the heart of Madurai. \"We are lucky we did not have children, otherwise, how could I have afforded their education with the meagre pension we get,\" he said. The Central government gives them a monthly pension of Rs 10,000 and the state government Rs 600.\"It is disheartening to see India now, where the poor are getting poorer and the rich richer. Bringing back money stashed away in banks abroad and within the country is what will make India a superpower,\" he said.V Swaminathan, president of the Netaji National Association, said the last of the INA leaders who were in contact with the outer world in Madurai was the late Vaidhylingam, who passed away on July 11, 2012. Others have not been identified by them. He recalls Captain Lakshmi's visit to Madurai in 1993 to celebrate the golden jubilee of the Provincial Azad Hind government established by Netaji in Singapore in 1943. \"I was one of those fortunsate persons who met this great leader thrice in my lifetime,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357463", "title": "'Setback' for Pawar as Shinde gets House post", "text": "MUMBAI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's decision to nominate Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde as leader of the House in the Lok Sabha in place of former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is being viewed as a setback for the NCP, particularly its founder president Sharad Pawar .The NCP's was lobbying for a plum portfolio for Patel and a cabinet berth for Supriya Sule , appointment of governors and president's nominees in the Rajya Sabha. The Sharad Pawar-led party was also firm that Shinde should not be considered for the post of leader of the House. According to party bosses, in comparison to Pawar, Shinde was a \"junior politician\". Moreover, when Pawar led the Progressive Democratic Front government in Maharashtra in 1978, Shinde served as his labour and tourism minister. When the standoff was resolved, Patel declared that Gandhi and Singh had accepted their demand to set up coordination committees at the state and the Centre.\"We told the Congress president and Singh that there was lack of coordination and that NCP was not involved in the decision-making process at any level. We are satisfied after our meeting with Gandhi and Singh,\" Patel had then told TOI. If a Congress MP is to be believed, then NCP is unhappy over Shinde's nomination as leader of the House. As Union home minister, Shinde gets a seat on the coveted cabinet committee on security, of which the PM is chairman and ministers of home, defence and finance are ex-officio members. \"Pawar was keen for a nomination on the cabinet committee on security since he wanted to be involved in the decision-making process. But since he does not hold the home, defence, or finance portfolios, it was not possible for the prime minister to nominate him on the panel,\" the Congress MP said.According to the Congress MP, both Gandhi and Singh have agreed in principle to grant a plum portfolio to Patel and appoint a person, recommended by Pawar, as governor. \"We expect that when the cabinet reshuffle takes place in September, Patel may be shifted to the commerce department ,\" he said.\"Similarly, when new governors will be appointed in September or October, an NCP nominee will be considered for a gubernatorial assignment,\" the MP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357406", "title": "Janmashtami: Stakes rise in glamorous dahi handi", "text": "MUMBAI: The biggest dahi handi organizers across Mumbai and Thane are raising the stakes for the upcoming Janmashtami festival of August 10. Prize money running into lakhs of rupees is a big lure as is live television coverage and the presence of politicians and film stars.Sangeeta and Sachin Ahir of Worli's Sankalp Pratishthan have scored a march over other mandals by getting actor Esha Deol to perform live for the first time after her marriage. \"She will enact a ballet on Radha in front of thousands of govindas in an open-air setting, which is unprecedented,\" says Sangeeta Ahir.Sankalp has a starry line-up of Hrithik Roshan , who will enact a surprise item involving the handi, apart from Akshay Kumar and Emraan Hashmi. \"Hrithik and Akshay see the govindas' stunts as inextricably linked with fitness, something both are passionate about,\" Sangeeta says.Thane is the seat of the dahi handi in Maharashtra with the biggest spectacle involving a series of high-profile organizers. Jitendra Awhad's Sangharsh draws mandals like bees to honey. The Sanskruti event by Pratap Sarnaik is a big draw as is Eknath Shinde's handi.Set to the theme of the London Olympics, Sanskruti's Vartak Nagar festival will see around 500 mandals participating. Pratap Sarnaik's son Vihang says, \"The total prize money amounts to Rs 75-80 lakh this year. The first prize of Rs 25 lakh is for govindas who manage 10 tiers, Rs 11 lakhs for nine layers and Rs 1.5 lakh for eight. Prizes will be awarded to each mandal that attempts to reach the handi.\"Special prizes will be given to women govindas. Those that make a seven-tier pyramid will win Rs 5 lakh, six layers will get Rs 1.5 lakh and five levels will earn them Rs 50,000.Rajan Vichare's event at Masunda Lake encourages participation over competition. \"We give cash prizes to all mandals that make an attempt, irrespective of the number of tiers they manage. Little children make only a single layer and fall down but they are rewarded for their effort,\" he says. A day before Janmashtami, Vichare invites young cancer patients, aged 15-20, from Tata Memorial Hospital to form a human pyramid, which then receives a special cash prize.Political leaders who are not active organizers of dahi handi are becoming involved with the event in peripheral ways. MP Sanjay Nirupam has organized a Sarvajanik Krishna Janmotsav ceremony at Kora Kendra ground in Borivli on the intervening night of August 9-10. Priests from Iskconwill conduct rituals, Anup Jalota and Malini Avasthi will sing bhajans and TV producer Gajendra Singh will devise the entertainment show.Congressman Nitesh Rane through his Swabhimaan Sangathana has decided to distribute free helmets to govinda teams. Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde is organizing his annual fancy dress competition for children, along with a fun fair at the local Prabodhankar Thackeray Hall on the morning of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356735", "title": "UAE national missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: A UAE national who came to visit his family in Langar Houz has gone missing for about a week now. According to Langar Houz police, Saleh Rasheed Alabaloouli, 48, came to the city to spend time with his family in Mogal Nagar locality of Langar Houz. On July 29, he went for a walk around 9 am and did not return. The family members brought the disappearance to the notice of the police on August 1 and the police registered a missing case. \"We have formed a team and are looking for him. There have been no developments in the case.The family has told us there are no reasons to suspect kidnapping,\" said inspector Mahesh Goud of Langar Houz police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15363740", "title": "Scientists discover gene that triggers plants to become dormant at night", "text": "MUMBAI: A gene that triggers plants to become dormant at night and controls flowering has been discovered by scientists.Computer models of cress plants genes showed how 12 genes work together to set plants' internal clocks, University of Edinburgh researchers said. They found that a protein, known as TOC1, previously associated with helping plants to wake up, dampened down gene activity at night.Plants, animals and even bacteria go through a daily 24-hour routine, known as a circadian rhythm, which allow them to make tiny adjustments as daylight changes, and adapt to changing seasons. Professor Andrew Millar from the University of Edinburgh said, \"Just like humans, you should think about plants having rhythms. Having a biological clock is particularly important for plants to prepare for daylight and at night-time to store energy for growth. We now understand how the dozen or so genes work and are typical to particular times of the day.\"The Edinburgh-led study was published in Molecular Systems Biology. Millar said the results would help further research into the flowering of other plants - particularly crops such as wheat, barley and rice. \"\"It's useful as it's important in terms of biology and flowering. We now understand how it all fits together and how the same genes control rhythms in all plants as far back as single-celled algae,\" he said.Another study run independently in Barcelona has also made similar findings to the Edinburgh research. Professor Paloma Mas, of the Centre for Research in Agricultural Genomics in Spain, said: \"We can now extend the knowledge we have gained of cyclic processes to the major crops and other plants of agronomic interest.\"Prof Millar said the new data would help scientists discover more about other plant genes. \"We now know about 12 genes - but we would still like to know about the ones that control photosynthesis, nitrogen use, and petal opening and fragrance.\"Last year, BBC reported that genes that help plants sense when it is dark have been pinpointed by Edinburgh scientists. Researchers at the University of Edinburgh said the genes allowed plants to make tiny adjustments to their internal clock as the light changed. They said this process was crucial in helping plants adapt to different lengths of days and changing seasons.The scientists hope the discovery could help shed light on other daily rhythms, such as the patterns of human sleep. The study used computer models of gene networks in a cress plant to show that certain genes take effect to enable plants to reduce their activity at night and predict when the sun will rise again.Scientists already knew that plant activity, such as growth and flowering, was controlled by an internal rhythm, known as a circadian clock. Previous studies have shown that even the simplest of plants have a complicated internal clock, with daylight saving time built in.Professor Andrew Millar, of Edinburgh University's school of biological sciences, who led the study, said, \"By understanding the various ways in which a simple plant adapts its inner clock to the changing lengths of days in different seasons, we may be able to understand more about why some plants grow better in certain regions of the world and find new varieties to grow in other locations. It may also help to understand how native species will cope with climate change. Our systems biology approach combines experiments with the use of supercomputers for mathematical modelling. The lessons we learn from our models will also apply to the clocks that control many human rhythms, such as sleep cycles and blood pressure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15366933", "title": "Citizens to pressure police and administration to act on home stay attack accused", "text": "MANGALORE: The concerned Citizens of Mangalore under the banner of Arise Mangalore'' on Sunday decided to act as a pressure group and also support the police to the take the cases to the logical end.On Monday, they will decide on the next course of action to take the fight forward to put an end to the menace which has sullied the city's image. Prominent speakers decried the incident and tried to analyze the cause and remedy for it. N Vinay Hegde, president, Nitte Education Trust , said: It is unfortunate that a group of goons can hold the city to ransom.The incident is no less than murder. When we have been traumatized, imagine how the victims are? I have children and grandchildren. Tomorrow it can happen to me when I'm celebrating my grand child's birthday, if we do not act now.'' He emphasized the incident should not be diluted. The issue of home stay licence is a separate matter.Law and order is a separate issue. We must deal with the latter,'' he added. Quoting Winston Churchill's argument in granting Independence to India, Hegde said: we must prove it wrong. If we don't confront the problem now we will soon be the most backward countries in the world and urged people to take an oath they will never let it happen and come down heavily on such incidents in future. He reasoned that such blatant attacks were due to goons having political patronage. It is nothing to do with religion. If each recreational activity is considered as rave party, it is not done thing.'' Walter D'Souza, chairman of Southern Region of Federation of Indian Export Organisations ( FIEO) said: There are times when law and order machinery becomes a puppet in the hands of politicians and this is the time citizens have to rise and support the police so that they can act fairly and justly. Regarding no response or condemnation from the local MP and MLA, he wondered whether they had a mother or a wife, sister or a daughter. D'Souza said the problem needs out of the box ideas to rid the city of the menace.Naren Koduvattat, MD, i-Point, said: I have the courage to tell my children and friends that 25 people don't have it in them to break Mangalore. But business does not work like that. It runs on sentiments and knowledge industry people need to be assured that this place is safe. Lata Kini, entrepreneur wondered whether the city was on its way to Stone Age. Are we throwing brand Mangalore, built painstakingly by leaders,'' she questioned. Dr. Habeeb Rehman, Chairman, Unity Health Care, saw political hues behind it saying that politicians were only interested in attaining and retaining power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "15365962", "title": "Self-immolation bid outside Odisha CM's house for delay in pension clearance", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: Police on Sunday foiled an alleged self-immolation bid by an elderly couple in front of the heavily fortified Naveen Niwas, residence of Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik .The couple Narusu Pradhan (70) and his wife Kuni Pradhan (65) from Ganjam district wanted to end their lives in protest against the prolonged delay by government officials in clearing Narusu's pension file.Narusu is a retired electrician of irrigation department, sources said. He was serving in Bhubaneswar before retirement. \"I am running from pillar to post to get my pension file cleared, but to no avail. Nobody is paying heed to my grievance. I sat on dharna in front of the chief minister's residence a month ago. The police dissuaded me then,\" Narusu said. As Narasu was about to douse himself in kerosene, cops intervened.Police seized the kerosene container and whisked him away from the scene for interrogation, sources said. The Airfield police tried to downplay the incident and said the couple came to air their grievance to the chief minister.\"We dissuaded them from staging hunger strike or taking any drastic step near Naveen Niwas. We advised them to meet the appropriate officials to solve their problem,\" inspector of Airfield police station Girija Chakraborty told TOI. The incident came close on the heels of the arrest of another Ganjam-based couple on charges of attempting to breach Naveen's security ring near the state secretariat. The couple wanted to meet Naveen to convey their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357340", "title": "NMC still to plug water leakage below Sitabuldi flyover", "text": "NAGPUR: It's been more than 35 days now since gallons of potable water started leaking from pipeline below the retaining wall of the Sitabuldi flyover but the Nagpur Municipal Corporation hasn't shown any urgency in plugging the leakage. Instead, it has only managed to connect the leaking site to a nearby stormwater drain through an underground pipe so that the water doesn't flow on the road. This, despite the leakage threatening the foundation of flyover itself.The leakage was first spotted in June last week when water started flowing out of the landscape below the Sitabuldi flyover in front of Sitabuldi police station in the direction of Moonlight photo studio. Officials of NMC's water works department (WWD) from Dharampeth Zone visited the site. A senior official confirmed that water was leaking from a 25 inch pipeline beneath the flyover's retaining wall. This pipeline connects the water master reservoir balance (MBR) situated on Rajbhavan premises to Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Netaji Market and adjoining areas of Takiya, Kumbhartoli and Choti Dhantoli, supplying water to around 1.15 lakh population.A shut down was done for a couple of days to carry out repairs. However, officials said the leakage source could not be traced as it was deep below the flyover's retaining wall. This also raised a question mark over the safety of the flyover as the leakage could weaken its foundation. Even a senior engineer from CPWD said there was a possibility of such a threat.Thereafter, nothing much has been done to plug the leakage. The civic body has only managed to connect the site to a stormwater drain below the footpath so that water does not flow on the road.Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak continued to ignore calls being made to take his comment on the issue. Chairman of water works committee, Sudhakar Kohle told TOI that the water pipeline under flyover's retaining wall has to be abandoned by placing a new water pipeline. \"Plan to abandon the water network from Morris College T-point to Jhansi Rani square is ready. The work is expected to begin within few days. A special meeting in this regard was held with the officials of WWD and private operator, Orange City Water Limited. We hope to complete the work soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357293", "title": "IRCTC upgrading site to raise booking capacity to 8 lakh a day", "text": "MUMBAI: In face of criticism over e-ticket glitches, the Indian Rail Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) says that it has taken a number of steps to upgrade its IT infrastructure.Last month, K H Muniayyapa, minister of state for railways, had assured that several technological innovations are regularly undertaken to upgrade its online services. These include an increase in server bandwidth to augment e-ticketing systems.Both the IRCTC and the Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) are working jointly to double the web site's capacity from the current four lakh bookings a day to eight lakh a day.In recent past, a number of steps have been taken, including installation of high capacity database servers, and increasing the internet bandwidth from 344Mbps to 450Mbps. IRCTC has also deactivated thousands of the multiple user IDs and individual user IDs of agents, who would jam the systems, causing servers to hang during peak hours.An IRTC official said, \"The problem of failed transactions is also because of the system issues of banks with whom we have tied up. Ideally, a transaction should get completed in two minutes but on some payment gateways, the time taken is more than this, resulting in failed transactions.\"The corporation, on its part, said it is working on a payment system that will reduce transaction failures. It is also trying to lessen the burden on their website by roping in other travel portals for faster bookings.Change in Tatkal booking timings, too, has helped decongest traffic during peak hours. The opening timings of booking advance reservation period (ARP) and Tatkal tickets have been segregated to 8am and 10am, respectively. Agents have been barred from booking ARP or Tatkal tickets during the initial two hours after booking starts.As a result, the official said, \"The number of online bookings has increased from 3.5 lakh per day to more than 4.5 lakh, which shows that the measures taken by IRCTC have yielded results.\"The vigil maintained by the anti-fraud IT and vigilance team on bookings has also eased the situation after suspicious bookings were cancelled or investigated at their behest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15363887", "title": "Government keen to make hallmarking jewellery mandatory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ministry of consumer affairs is keen to make hallmarking mandatory for protection of consumers and BIS will have to meet the challenge of increasing demand for hallmarked jewellery. This was said by Rajiv Agarwal, Secretary of the Ministry after laying the foundation stone of Northern Regional Office building of Bureau of Indian Standards, at Sector 27.The role of BIS includes standard formulation, product and management systems certification schemes, laboratory services, training services, information services and consumer related activities. BIS, the National Standards Body of India is one of the founder members of ISO (International Organization for Standardization, Geneva ) representing India. He mentioned that BIS is entrusted with the work of protecting the consumer interest and quality upgradation by implementing Indian Standards.Alinda Chandra, IFS, Director General, BIS, New Delhi said with the completion of the building of Northern Regional Office of BIS, the organization would become better equipped in terms of infrastructure and this would help NRO to attain newer heights in terms of achievements. He reiterated the resolve of BIS to provide efficient and timely services, to satisfy the consumer's needs for quality of goods and services and to work and act in a way that each task, performed as individuals or as corporate entity, leads to excellence and enhances the credibility and image of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15356939", "title": "'Unsafe' campus worries local residents", "text": "KOLKATA: The residents of Amherst Street are livid about what they call the lack of security at Rammohan College.They fail to understand how outsiders can enter the all-girl campus so easily and even escape after threatening a student with rape, especially since Amherst Street police station is located bang opposite the college.\"The rape threat is to be condemned in the strongest terms. How can an outsider dare say such words to a girl within the college premises? We cannot let such things happen. It vitiates the environment. Police must arrest the guilty and take stern action,\" said Kamallika Deb, a local resident and former student of the college.Locals say that intrusions on the campus are nothing new, and that there are complaints of outsiders trying to influence the admission process.Pawan Kumar Thakur, who runs a salon near the college, said: \"Rival students often clash on the campus. It is a common thing to see two groups coming to blows or hurling bricks at each other. Also, outsiders walking into the girls' college are a frequent phenomenon.\"The police say they have to be very careful while taking any kind of action because it involves students. \"We intervene only if things turn violent. Otherwise, we do not poke our nose in students' affairs. But when the college authorities or students seek our help, we don't lose a single moment,\" said a police officer.Local resident Sonali Kar, however, slams the police for being too slow to react. \"The police station is right opposite the college but whenever there is trouble, police reach late and do not take control of the situation ,\" alleged Kar, who stays on a lane next to the college.The owner of a local jewellery shop blamed the political scenario for the campus ruckus. \"These are internal troubles that flare up once in a while. The volatile political situation is responsible for such incidents,\" said Debabrata Sur. \"It is very unfortunate.\"Located at the upscale Ameherst Street area of North Kolkata, the Rammohan College manage to remain in the eye of storm, thanks to political interventions from outside in this academic institution. When the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee categorically said that the arena of education has to be depoliticised, the Saturday's complaint of rape threat on a student is a major set back for the idea she propagated.The Saturday's incident clearly showed how the outsiders try to influence the admission process of the college which is inclusively a college's internal matter. \"The entry of outsiders in the college is nothing new. Be it college election or admission, outsiders never feel themselves so. They can walk in and can create all kind of trouble there,\" said an Amherst Street resident and a former student of the college.The College which is located bang opposite the Amherst Street police station became an island of unrest. \"We only intervene, if things turn violent. Otherwise, we should not poke our nose in students' affairs. Only if the college authority or students in general seek our help, we lose no moment to do it,\" said a police officer.But the locals are enraged with Friday's rape threat on the college student. \"This is highly uncalled for incident. How dare one can say such words to a girl that too, inside the college. We just cannot let such thing happen. Such action vitiate the environment. Police must arrest the guilty and take stern action,\" said Kamallika Deb, a local resident and former student of the college.Pawan Kumar Thakur runs a barber shop on the pavement over a decade. \"Often rival students'organisations and groups clash. It is a common affair with two groups coming to blows and brickbats flying. Moreover, outsiders walking into the college during the girls' college hours is also a frequent phenomenon.\"His views are echoed in the voice of Sonali Kar, a housewife who stays at the lane adjacent to the college. \"The police station is right opposite the college. Yet, whenever there is trouble, police reach late and do not take control of the situation.\"Debabrata Sur, owner of Sur Brothers, a jewellery shop near the college added, \"These are internal troubles which flares up once in a while. The volatile political situation is responsible for all the incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357447", "title": "Road accidents kill 2 in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were killed in separate road accidents in the last 24 hours.In the first incident, the Wadala police arrested a 25-year-old Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) jawan allegedly for rash driving, he lost control of the vehicle and knocked down a youth on Friday night. The accused, Sarvesh Yadav, sped away without providing medical assistance to Shantaram Tayade (29), eyewitnesses claim. Yadav was caught hours after the incident at midnight with the information that was provided by an eye-witness. The incident occurred around 9.30pm on Raoli Bridge Bombay Port Trust Road in Mahul village, Chembur, when Tayade was returning home. \"Yadav is employed as a driver with the CISF. Tayade was killed after he was crushed by the mini bus that Yadav drove.Yadav claimed that there were no streetlights at the spot. He was unable to apply the brakes in time after he saw Tayade,\" said a police . The officer said the incident was witnessed by a security guard Sanjay Pungaonkar (32), a resident of Gavanpada locality in Chembur. Pungaonkar, in the complaint, said, \"The speeding bus did not stop after it ran over Tayade. Few locals along with me tried to stop the bus but it fled away.\" Based on Pungaonkar's description, the police managed to nab Yadav. Police are awaiting the medical report to check whether Yadav was drunk at the time of incident.Meanwhile, in the second incident a biker, Mohammed Churihar (25), was killed after he collided with a BEST bus . The incident occurred around 6.48 pm near Upkar Hotel on Sonawala Lane in Goregaon (E) on Saturday. Locals informed the Vanrai police about the accident and got the BEST bus driver, Devidas Kapse, arrested. The Vanrai police were at the spot taking down the victim's details, Mohammed Churihar (25) and was recording statement to arrest the driver.\"There was no divider at the spot where the accident occurred,\" said a senior police officer.BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said, \"The biker crashed into the bus's rear side and was thrown off his motorcycle. Later, he bled to death,\" BEST public relations officer NA Walavalkar said.He stated that the bus, route No 349, belonged to Dindoshi depot. \"It was ferrying passengers during evening peak hour rush from Santosh Nagar in Goregaon East to Kurla West.\"\"Things are going out of hand and the BEST administration has failed to curb fatal accidents on the city's roads,\" said BEST committee member Ravi Raja. He stated that there should be some kind of deterrent for errant drivers. \"I had suggested at the committee meetings to appoint BEST inspectors to conduct random checks on buses on road and book offenders for signal jumping, overspeeding, lane-cutting, etc. Those booked should be given memos and warned,\" he demanded.Last Monday, 15 school children were injured along with three teachers, two passengers and drivers/cleaner when a speeding BEST bus collided head on with a school bus near Nahur station. A couple of days back, a 45-year-old man was crushed under the tyre of the bus at Ghatkopar and he too died on the spot.Seventeen persons have died in road accidents this year, sources said.Sources said there have been 17 deaths in fatal accidents this year while there were 417 accidents in which people sustained minor to serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357373", "title": "Lawyers to strike today against court fee hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lawyers of all six Delhi district courts have decided to go on a daylong strike on Monday to protest against \"unprecedented hike\" in court fees.The lawyers' body called for the strike on Monday, saying that despite the assurances of Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and revenue minister A K Walia, the government has notified the Court Fee (Amendment) Act and due to this, common people will face problems in getting justice.Delhi Bar Association president R N Vats said they condemn the government's action because the court fee has been enhanced manifold. \"Our elected representatives had met the chief minister and the revenue minister, but despite their assurances of not notifying the Court Fee (Amendment) Act, the government has unilaterally notified the same as a result of which the common man shall be unable to get justice,\" Vats said.The association, in a press statement, said this would put a heavy burden on litigants and the government's act is \"against the constitutional right of the citizen to get justice without bearing heavy financial burden\".The Delhi government had recently decided to increase the court fees ten times to shore up its coffers by around Rs 450 crore annually.Revenue minister Walia had earlier said the court fees in the city were last hiked in 1958 by the Punjab government, which was extended to Delhi, and the same have continued till date in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15358175", "title": "D Park in a mess, team to probe", "text": "NOIDA: The biggest park in Noida, constructed at a cost of nearly Rs 7.5 crore, is in a state of complete neglect. Noida Authority officials, who inspected D Park on Saturday morning, have found serious irregularities in the civil and maintenance works carried out at the park. A team will now be constituted to probe the alleged misuse by former officials.The much-publicized D Park, in Sector 62, has an expanse of nearly 19 acres. It was supposed to have a 1,500 sqm artificial lake for paddle-boating. A butterfly dome modelled on that located in Singapore was also supposed to come up. This would have been the biggest conservatory of its kind in north India, with in-house breeding of butterflies.The park had been conceived more than 7 years ago, but opened only eight months back. Complaints started pouring in about the park falling into disrepair. Noida's administrative officer (AO) Rajesh Prakash visited the Park on Saturday. Even basic maintanence had not bee carried out. A dried up 'lake' with damaged paddle boats, broken entrance gates and cracked tiles greeted the officials. The fountains were not working and garbage was strewn everywhere.This is what had become of the park touted as a 'place for leisure where one could gather, relax, play, and experience a bit of nature'.The civil works were incomplete, and the work carried out by the electricity and maintenance department (E&M;) was substandard. \"Though the park was planned well, implementation left much to be desired,\" said Prakash. Noida officials also found that horticultural works were done by the E&M; department, insteadof Noida's horticulture cell. \"It appears that serious transgression has taken place in the implementation of the project, leading to heavy revenue losses,\" Prakash alleged.Project files have been seized and all work has been stopped. \"Experts from the engineering, horticulture and finance department will be part of the team that will probe the project,\" Prakash said. \"This committee will investigate and hand over a report to the Noida CEO within a fixed time frame,\" the officer said. \"Once we have the report, strict action will be taken against those guilty,\" Prakash added. Until then, the AO has directed the area's project engineer and the circle officer to freeze all balance payments for the project. The park was planned on the lines of Vrindavan Park near Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15358984", "title": "Tidel Park's dependence on tankers will continue", "text": "COIMBATORE: It might be the next best destination for IT companies to set base after Chennai but the Coimbatore Tidel Park in the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) on Vilankurichi Road is yet to be provided a proper water supply connection by the city corporation. The handful of companies which work out of the park depends on water tankers to meet daily water requirements.Tidel Park comprises of the 9.5 acres of the 54-acre SEZ. After the Coimbatore corporation limit was expanded, the onus of supplying water to the park is on the civic body. After persistent demands for a dedicated water supply line to the IT Park for the past several years, the city corporation finally woke and, a recent council meet promised to address the water requirements of the park on priority. It is estimated that the park when it becomes fully functional will require about 1.2 mld of water from the Pillur water schemes.\"We have been assured of a dedicated water supply line to our campus from the master service reservoir for Pillur water at Ramakrishnapuram. At the moment we get water from tankers. Uninterrupted water supply is a must to the Tidel park campus,\" said a senior official at the Tidel Park.City mayor SM Velusamy and corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy has already inspected the campus and assured the authorities that the water needs of the IT zone would be met. According to sources, the dedicated water supply line from the Ramakrishnapuram reservoir will cost nearly Rs2crore.Nine companies have brought space in the Tidel Park, but only three are functioning. The park needs about 50,000 litres of water daily to meet the needs of the three firms that currently run from the park. This will escalate to nearly 3 lakh litre when six more companies, including HCL technologies, move in to the campus in the coming months.A senior official at the Tidel Park said they expect the work force to grow to at least 5,000 people by end December. This, of course, would increase the demand for waterThe daily water requirement of the entire zone has been estimated at around 1.2 million litres a day in the near future if it becomes fully operational with full occupancy.At present, tankers supply seven to eight loads of water daily.\"We have decided to provide water supply to Tidel Park. It is part of our initiative to ensure the overall growth and development of the city,\" said KR Jayaram, East Zone chairman, Coimbatore municipal corporation.But Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage Board officials have other ideas. They said since the IT park is a commercial venture, it cannot be given priority and prominence over the needs of the general public. And, the water needs of the Tidel Park have not been accounted for in the existing or forthcoming water schemes. Water requirement of Tidel Park is the responsibility of the corporation. Out of the total space available after the development of road and other facilities there is about 45 acres of land in the Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (ELCOT) zone out of which 9.5 acres has been occupied by Tidel Park and Wipro has taken about 9 acres of land. A dedicated power substation for the facility occupies two acres of the total land.Total Area of the special economic zone - 54 acreTidel Park - 9.5 acreTotal companies at the park now - Payoda Technologies, Robert Bosch , Merrill technologies.Six more companies including Hcl technologies expected to move in soonPresent requirement at the Tidel park about 50,000 litres per dayApproximate water requirement at the park after new companies move in - 3 lakh litres per day.Total water requirement for the entire zone - 1.2 mld waterEOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15359093", "title": "Pakistan govt, SC clash over contempt law", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government appears to be in no mood to back down in its standoff with the judiciary even after the apex court annulled a new law aimed at protecting the premier,with the ruling coalition saying it will not compromise on parliaments right to legislate.Leaders of the Pakistan Peoples Party-led coalition gathered for a crucial meeting in the presidency on Friday night after the supreme court struck down the Contempt of Court Act,which was passed last month to protect Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf from being disqualified for not acting on the courts order to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari . Following the meeting chaired by Zardari and Ashraf,presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said the leaders discussed the current situation and expressed their resolve that the right of the parliament to legislate would be upheld and this right it would not be allowed to be compromised no matter what the odds and the cost would be.The meeting reiterated unequivocally that the power to legislate under the constitution belongs to elected representatives alone, he said.In an apparent indication that the government is still in no mood to act on the apex courts repeated orders to revive the graft cases against Zardari in Switzerland,Babar said.In the context of the present situation,the meeting decided that there is even greater need to remain united and firm. It resolved to remain united and firm and face the emerging challenges with unity,force and conviction.The apex court has been pressuring the government to reopen the corruption cases since December 2009,when it struck down a graft amnesty that benefited Zardari and over 8,000 others. The government has refused to act,saying the president enjoys immunity in Pakistan and abroad.The standoff has already resulted in former premier Yousaf Raza Gilani losing his job.The apex court convicted Gilani of contempt and then disqualified him for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357886", "title": "Woman murdered in city", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman, in her early twenties, was killed by her husband at Shubhan Nagar in Kalamna, on Saturday, for not heeding his will and trying to go to her parents' house for Rakshabandhan. In another incident, a former rape convict was found murdered at his place in Jattarodi. Police has arrested the culprits in both the cases.Sandhya Buradkar wanted to go to her parents' place for Rakshabandhan but her husband Atul objected. Atul cited financial constraint as the reason for not allowing Sandhya to go to her house. But when Sandhya ignored him and started to pack her bags Atul stabbed her, killing her on the spot. They have a four-month-old boy.Atul's parents tried to mislead the police by saying that Sandhya had committed suicide. Police have arrested Atul and charged him with murder.In the other incident, Arjun Badhel was found dead with serious injuries on his head in the room where he stayed. It is learnt that Badhel, who had been released from jail after serving a sentence for rape, was killed after he refused to give a neighbour liquor. Immambada police has arrested Nilesh Ambadhare in connection with the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15356695", "title": "Ex-DSP's son named in assault case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Navrangpura resident has filed a complaint against the son of a former deputy superintendent of police (DSP) for assaulting and threatening to kill him. Gujarat University (GU) police officials have received the application of complaint and have started the probe.According to GU police, Urjit Desai, a resident of Theosophical Society on University Road was present at his residence on the morning of August 1. At that time, a dumper owned by Niraj Pathak, tried to enter the society through a narrow passage. In the attempt, the dumper driver damaged the boundary wall of Desai's plot and the plants in the garden. Pathak is son of retired DSP Himanshu Pathak, resident of the same society.\"Desai tried to protest but all in vain. As per his complaint, he decided to take up the issue with Niraj himself and was taking pictures of the dumper and the broken boundary wall. At that time, Niraj approached him with a knife and started fighting over the pictures and later abused him while trying to snatch away the camera. When Desai threatened him of police action, Niraj dared him to file a complaint and threatened to kill him,\" said a GU police official.Police investigators said that they are yet to record Niraj's statement in the case but have visited the spot mentioned by Desai and have found the gate and adjoining boundary wall damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357376", "title": "Blind friends of rape accused attack blind victim, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kalyan government railway police on Saturday arrested two blind men who allegedly beat up and tried to push a blind woman off a local train, threatening her to withdraw a rape case she had filed last year against the accused's two blind friends in Kalyan. The arrested, Harishankar Sharma and Shreeram Sangle, are residents of Swami Nagar in Ambernath (E), where the victim lives with her blind husband as well.According to the woman's complaint, on Wednesday night, she was travelling in a train from Ambernath to Kalyan, to meet her husband and celebrate his birthday. The accused, Sharma and Sangle, got into the ladies coach in which she was travelling. They approached her and started beating her up. They then threatened her to withdraw the complaint. When she refused, the two tried to throw her off the train. but were unable to do so as some passengers boarded the train at Vithalwadi staion. The passengers then forced the accused to leave the coach.On October 27, 2011, Ashok and Mahesh allegedly raped the victim, who is their friend's wife, at her Dombivli residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15364063", "title": "Polio eradication is 'programmatic emergency' for the world: Experts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Polio eradication is a \"programmatic emergency\" for the entire world as declared by WHO earlier this year to galvanize the entire world to stamp out polio from the polio-infected areas of Nigeria, Pakistan and Afghanistan , besides ensuring that no polio case emerges in India.In view of the same a committee of senior Rotarians covering the entire northern region met to review the smooth implementation of the national strategic plan not only to combat any emergency but also to ensure that polio remains nipped for the next two years in the country, said Yash Pal Das, Rotary International Director.He added that funds are the biggest constraint and out of the total budget for world-wide immunization efforts for 2012-13 alone is US$ 2.23 billion against which only US$1.14 billion are available leaving a funding gap of US$1.09 billion, which is almost 50 percent of the budget.The fight against polio is not over yet, reiterated past Rotary International President Rajendra K Saboo who had been engaged in the world-wide polio eradication efforts of Rotary since the very beginning. He said that in 1980s, nearly 3, 50,000 children annually around the world, (over 420 every day in India) were either dying or getting paralyzed because of polio, but because of the global Endeavour of engaging the governments, WHO, UNICEF , Center for Disease Control, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and many countries around the world, we have reached a stage where at least India has remained polio free since January 2011 and has to ensure that it remains so for the next two years.WHO- National Polio Surveillance Project India's representative for north India, Dr Prashant Roy said that we need to be vigilant about the high-risk population especially the migratory, and maintain their immunity against polio virus. The decisions of the review and planning committee were also communicated to the polio coordinators team of Rotarians which met later in the afternoon, to ensure that the efforts are synchronized at the grassroot levels for effective implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357850", "title": "3, including 1 minor, nabbed after dramatic chase", "text": "NAGPUR: For almost three hours late on Friday night, three youngsters high on alcohol and mischief dodged bike-borne commandos of at least three police stations. The youths, all from good family background, had smashed windows of three cars at Tilak Nagar around 1.30am and were zooming across the streets on a bike and a scooter. In their bid to escape, the teenagers even knocked down a constable. Two of the accused were finally arrested at Azamshah Chowk.The drama began at Tilak Nagar after the teenagers' vandalism was reported to the control room by the owner of one of the cars. PI Shrikrishna Kardile of Ambazari police station reached the spot but the youngsters managed to speed out of the area seemingly having abandoned their plans of damaging more cars. Ambazari police's bike-borne constable too tried to nab them but they managed to flee.Constables on bike patrolling duty from Sitabuldi police station followed up the chase but for one hour the trio managed to elude the cops. The trio went around Yeshwant Stadium with the cops in tow. Police from Dhantoli police station joined the chase. Yet, the miscreants could not be nabbed.The trio _ later identified as Hari Om Zhambnani, Amit Lekhwani and another minor _ then proceeded towards Central Avenue. The police had by then already alerted their counterparts across city.A squad from the headquarters, deployed to assist Lakadganj police on night patrolling, laid a crude trap to nab them. They tied a rope across the road at Azamshah Chowk and waited for the trio.While Zhambnani and the minor, who were together on one bike, were forced to stop after being tripped, Lekhwani managed to escape. While doing so, he drove the scooter over constable Ajay Ingle's left leg.Zhambnani and the minor were later taken to the Ambazari police station. Police said that Lekhwani would be soon nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15357253", "title": "State govt to rehabilitate 146 families", "text": "KOZHIKODE: As many as 146 families at Chaliyam will be rehabilitated for setting up the National Institute for Research and Development in Defence Shipbuilding (NIRDESH).A decision on this was taken at a meeting convened by the chief minister Oommen Chandy at Thiruvananthapuram on Saturday.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty, Kozhikode MP M K Raghavan and other officials attended the meeting.An order will be issued after reaching a consensus with the beneficiaries.As per the decision, 21 families will be provided title deeds.The rest will be provided three-story flats in the government surplus land or the forest land. The package also includes amenities such as health centre, skill development centre and drinking water project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15358980", "title": "A space gallery comes up at Kakkanad science park to ignite young minds", "text": "KOCHI: Youth should be encouraged to pursue a career in science and technology to make India a strong force in space technology, said P S Veeraraghavan, director, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC). Inaugurating the Vikram Sarabhai Space Gallery in the science park at Kakkanad on Saturday, he said teachers should take special interest to nurture scientific-literacy among students as well as the public.The VSSC director said lack of scientific-literacy was quite common even in places like schools, colleges and science institutions. Even in advanced countries like the US, the rate of scientific-literacy had come down even among scientists and technical experts. We could overcome this by promoting initiatives like science parks and space museums, he said.After the inaugural session, the VSSC director made a presentation on Indian space mission - 'Touching lives to technology'. This was followed by an interactive session in which students from various schools clarified their doubts.The space gallery aims to create awareness on the scope and challenges in the field of space sciences. It has in it models of satellites, Chandrayan, posters of rockets, communication satellites and space centres. The gallery was opened as part of the expansion plans of the science park that was inaugurated by APJ Abdul Kalam last year.The authorities are also planning to introduce pavilions of history of science, exhibits and artifacts, interactive science kiosks, science play centres, animation theatre, amphitheatre and the like here. A seminar complex and outdoor science garden with models and exhibits are also being planned here to set up an ideal platform to ignite young minds..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15358981", "title": "Karumadi has a treatment plant, but no potable water", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Karumadi villagers are up in arms against the Alappuzha municipal authorities for refusing to supply them drinking water from the water treatment plant set up in their village.The plant at Karumadi in Thakazhi grama panchayat has been set up under the Alappuzha Drinking Water Project. It is expected to provide drinking water to nearly 2.15 lakh people in the municipal area and to over 3.16 lakh people in the eight panchayats nearby at a daily supply rate of 135 litres per person.Thakazhi grama panchayat president E R Radhakrishna Pillai said there were around 19,194 people in the 14 wards of the grama panchayat. This area is now facing acute shortage of drinking water.\"We were promised ample drinking water when the municipality started the work on the treatment plant. They, however, changed their word once the plant was completed. It was in 2004 that Maheswari Amma, the former vice-president of Alappuzha district panchayat, allotted five acre in Karumadi to the municipality for setting up the plant,\" Pillai said.\"Drinking water was also promised to eight surrounding panchayats - Purackad, Alappuzha South, Alappuzha North, Punnapra South, Punnapra North, Aryad, Mararikulam South and Mannancherry. So it came as a shock to us when we alone were refused water,\" he said.Karumadi ward member Babu Raj B said around 40 years ago Kerala Water Authority laid 125 km-long pipe lines to his panchayat for providing water to the villagers. But now these pipes are in a bad state and the panchayat doesn't get any water at all.\"The KWA has submitted a Rs 4-crore proposal under the Kuttanad Package to the government for laying new pipes for supplying drinking water. But nothing has materialized,\" Babu said.'Karumadikuttans', a youth cultural forum in Karumadi, is taking the initiative in organizing agitation against the municipality. Its secretary, Prakash Palipra, said the forum had already approached chief minister Oommen Chandy , water resource minister P J Joseph and union minister of state K C Venugopal in this connection.\"All of them promised that adequate steps would be taken to provide us drinking water. But municipal officials are still not ready to include our grama panchayat in the project. So we have decided to start an agitation,\" Prakash said.Alappuzha municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido said the project was being implemented with Central assistance under the urban infrastructure development scheme for small and medium towns (UIDSSMT). As per the project report, water from Kadapra in Pathanamthitta coming via the treatment plant at Karumadi is to be supplied to Alappuzha municipality and eight surrounding panchayats.\"Thakazhi hasn't been included in the project. We can give water only to eight grama panchayats mentioned in the proposal. As per a high court order, we should commission the project by 2013, and we are doing everything to expedite it,\" Mercy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359042", "title": "Red alert: Curiosity set to hit Mars tomorrow", "text": "Nasas 900-kg SUV-sized Mars Science Laboratory (MSL ) rover Curiosity is slated to land on Mars on Monday to explore whether the Red Planet had an environment to support microbes and survey it as part of the preparations for its human exploration.The event is being billed as a path-breaking one which,if successful,promises to be as significant as the landing of humans on the Moon in 1969. Curiosity would operate for 98 weeks (nearly two years ) and is about five times larger than earlier Mars exploration rovers Spirit and Opportunity.Scientists hope that Curiosity,equipped with a suite of 11 advanced instruments,will better success of the earlier explorations.It would cover nearly 570 million km distance before touching down on the Red Planets Gale Crater and its heat shield will reach more than 2,000 degrees C as it takes off.An on-board laboratory on Curiosity will study rocks,soil and the local geological settings to detect chemical building blocks of life and see what the Martian environment was like in the past.The nearly $2.5 billion mission carrying Curiosity was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on November 26,2011 on-board the powerful 58-m-tall Atlas V rocket as part of Nasas long term robotic Mars exploration programme.Around 80 pyrotechnic devices will be activated on the spacecraft in quick succession to ensure that it lands safely during the final few minutes of Curiositys flight.An instrument on-board Curiosity the Mars descent imager or Mardi will record a full color video of the ground below and give space buffs an unprecedented sense of riding a spacecraft to a landing on Mars.Indian engineer Ravi Prakash,helping Curiosity to manoeuvre complex entry,descent,and landing,said the mission is full of challenges and requires thousands of events to happen successfully in a matter of minutes.He said the event is being called seven minutes of terror as it will take as much time for the spacecraft to halt on Mars after travelling from the top of the Martian atmosphere at a speed of 21,000 km per hour or five times as fast as a bullet.During those seven minutes,the spacecraft will be on its own,automatically deciding when to perform each of the thousands of actions required for the landing, he said.Prakash said the nervewracking part of the event would be that while Curiosity would be on the surface of Mars,they will not know if it had survived the unforgiving atmosphere of Mars for 14 minutes.It takes 14 minutes,travelling at the speed of light,for Nasa to send a signal from the Earth to the spacecraft and vice versa.The engineers and scientists working on the mission would monitor these developments at the mission control room at Nasas jet propulsion laboratory in Pasadena near Los Angeles .Prakash said millions of simulations of the landing have been performed to make sure that entry,descent and landing are properly choreographed and to find out what could cause its failure.The mission remains difficult and success cannot be guaranteed.But MSL deputy project scientist Ashwin Vasavada is optimistic that everything would go smoothly.I am pretty confident.We have done all we can to make it successful.But it is risky.I will be nervous on the landing day. He said they have been living on Mars time for three months.A day on Mars is about 24 hours and 40 minutes.Vasavada said they expect the first images from the rover about 90 minutes after the touchdown.Colour images would follow a few hours later. Prakash said several technological firsts such as guided entry and precision landing on another planet as well as the entire sky crane manoeuvre to land the largest rover yet on the surface of Mars have been employed for the first time.The new technologies are being tried especially during the critical entry,descent and landing phase.This makes it the most challenging manoeuvre ever fraught with risks like never before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362243", "title": "Shanker's and Anoop Menon's journey towards good films", "text": "Both Urumi scribe Shanker Ramakrishnan and Anoop Menon had always dreamt of making it big in cinema as a scriptwriter and an actor respectively.Now that they have achieved what they set out for, interestingly, their parts have interchanged.With Spirit and Poppins, Shanker has started his journey in front of the camera and incidentally, it comes at a time when his good friend of 22 years, Anoop, is loaded with five scripts.Is it a role reversal for the two? \"No,\" Shanker says. \"As young people, we both wanted to be part of good cinema and are now utilizing the chances in whatever way it comes.\"He says that both Anoop and he grew up on same ideas and always dreamt of making films. \"We've not restricted ourselves to a particular bench division but have always wanted be active in all departments,\" he claims.Even during their initial career, when Anoop branched out to television and Shanker assisted Ranjith in his movies, their ultimate goal always remained to make good cinema.\"We were never inert in the industry. Initially, we were educated about how to reach this goal and now we are contributing towards it,\" says the talented scribe, who is also working on a script for Mammootty-Prithviraj starrer Arivaal Chuttika Nakshatram and another project with Ranjith.Talk to Anoop about it and he says that the role reversal had actually happened in his case. \"Shankar was always the creative one from our school days while I was just a mere spectator. He was into theatre, mridangam, arts and always managed to be the topper in school too,\" the Cocktail actor says. However the actor points out that Shanker's forte is scriptwriting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15357853", "title": "Funds meant for Vid, end up in western Mah", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as governor K Sankarnarayanan has entrusted a committee headed by former finance secretary Vijay Kelkar to prepare a status report on the regional imbalance in Maharashtra, an expert has stumbled on official statistics. Figures gleaned by Vidarbha Statutory Development Board (VSDB) member, Madhukar Kimmatkar show that funds to the tune of Rs1 lakh crore could have been diverted to Western Maharashtra in clear violation of the governor's directives and Article 371(2), over the last 16 years.To put the figure in perspective, the amount is double the total budget size of the state for the current year and equivalent to the amount Reliance Industries is planning to invest in the next five years.At a VSDB board meeting held here on Friday, expert member Madhukar Kimmatkar substantiated the charges with figures culled out from the financial statement tabled in the state legislature on how thousands of crores were diverted each year.Citing one of the gains of western Maharashtra from this fund diversion, Kimmatkar said of the net sowed area (or cultivable land) of 18,062 thousand hectares in the state, irrigation potential has been achieved in 28% in Vidarbha and 26% in Marathwada. But, Rest of Maharashtra is way ahead with 45% of land under irrigation!While actual amounts spent were far less than expected expenditure as per the governor's directives in Vidarbha as well as in Marathwada, when it came to rest of Maharashtra, comprising politically influential Pune, Nashik and Konkan divisions, the amount was more than the allocation. \"This could have only happened if funds would have been diverted from Vidarbha and Marathwada,\" said Kimmatkar.Significantly, the board at its meeting headed by acting chairman and divisional commissioner BV Gopal Reddy endorsed Kimmatkar's contention. On Friday, it dashed off a letter to principal secretaries of finance and planning departments to provide details of region-wise allocation and expenditure.\"If this demand is not met within a reasonable time, we will seek the information under RTI,\" said Kimmatkar.Article 371(2) of the Constitution bestows special powers to Maharashtra governor to allocate equitably funds for developmental expenditure among the three areas of Vidarbha, Marathwada and Rest of Maharashtra for which separate statutory development boards were also created in 1994. For the last 16 years the state government has been living in denial on any fund diversion and has now stated that in financial terms the regional imbalance of Vidarbha has already been wiped out and whatever backlog remains is only in physical terms in sectors like irrigation and roads, education and health, which are focus areas.Citing the figures of 2010-11, Kimmatkar said Rs3621 crore from planned expenditure and Rs7642 crore from non-plan account was overspent on western Maharashtra. A similar amount was underspent in Vidarbha and Marathwada. Thus, more than Rs10,000 crore was diverted from these two backward regions and splurged on rest of Maharashtra in gross violation of Constitutional provisions.\"Even if we take a more lenient view and put the diverted funds at Rs6,000 crore a year, for the last 16 years this adds up to a whopping Rs96,000 crore,\" said Kimmatkar. \"The fact that the financial statement only shows the region-wise allocation made by the governor and does not reflect on the actual expenditure at the end of the year, has made it possible for the western Maharashtra politicians to get away with the jugglery of numbers,\" Kimmatkar.The expert said he was ready to debate and justify his point to anyone who comes out with actual official statistics on region-wise spending on development.In 2010-11, as per the governor's formula Vidarbha should have actually received from plan funds Rs10156 crore (32.08% of the total plan budget expenditure of the state). But, what it was allocated was Rs8461 crore and of this only Rs8074 crore was actually spent. Thus, Rs2084 crore unspent on Vidarbha was diverted to rest of Maharashtra.In case of Marathwada, the figures were (in crores) Rs5750, Rs4788 and Rs4215, respectively. It means Rs1535 crore was diverted. In stark contrast, Rest of Maharashtra should have in real terms got Rs15,757 crore (@ 49.76% of state budget) but was allocated Rs13,119 crore by the governor and it ended up spending Rs19,379 crore (61.20%).In 2008, the Bombay High Court had ruled that it was mandatory on the state to follow the governor's directive in toto. A government resolution dated February 17, 2007 categorically mentions that the governor was 'concerned' about expenditure was far less than that allocated by him for Vidarbha In 2004-05, the actual expenditure was 45.9% of its allocation to Vidarbha, 74% on Marathwada and 77% on rest of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15363850", "title": "Illegal ammunition recovered from sex scandal accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after the arrest of Vijender Singh in the connection of Patiala Sex scandal, CBI sleuths have recovered illegal ammunition following his discloser from Patiala. Accused Vijender is a son of dismissed DSP of Punjab police, Gurjeet Singh, who is also wanted to CBI in Patiala sex scandal.Accused Vijender was arrested from somewhere in Patiala on August 2 and he in in the police custody for four days till August 6.The dismissed DSP Gurjeet has also been declared a proclaimed offender (PO). Gurjeet Singh was dismissed from Punjab police after convicted into a case of murder in 2008.The scam was surfaced in February, 2011 when Patiala police had booked dismissed DSP Gurjeet and his family members for making obscene MMS of young girls in their beauty parlor in Bathinda.Later, probe was transferred to central bureau of investigation (CBI) when a local NGO had demanded an independent investigation into the case in November, 2011.The CBI sources said Maninder Singh, younger brother of Vijender, and some distant relatives of dismissed DSP are also wanted in the case and raids are being conducted for nabbing them.Accused Gurjeet and his family members had opened a beauty parlor in Bathinda where the manager, Sarabjeet Kaur, helped them get into physical relations with girls and made MMSs, CBI sources added. Kaur is also absconding.Accused Vijender is being interrogated by a team of special crime branch CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "these are not annual statistics to be proud of", "code": "15359309", "title": "Women's panel is a paper tigress", "text": "These are not annual statistics to be proud of: 1,092 cases of crimes against women filed, 18 disposed of -- that's less than 2%.No wonder the Karnataka State Women's Commission is a paper tigress. The commission, formed for protection of women's rights, doesn't even exist in vast swathes of the state: it has an officer each in seven of the state's 30 districts. And one district where it goes unrepresented is Mangalore, where women are being targeted for years by moral police.\"We have one officer in these seven districts of the state. Women in the remaining 23 districts have to come to Bangalore to even lodge their complaints. We have requested the government to provide us with an office near Bangalore City station so that women coming from other parts of the state can easily access our help, but that request is pending for several years now,\" said an officer with the commission.Statistics maintained by the commission show that more and more women in Karnataka are coming forward to file their grievances with it. But the government has not given enough power to the commission beyond making recommendations, and thanks to police apathy, at least 50% of the complaints filed remain pending through the year.The commission received 1,196 complaints between April 2010 and March 2011, of which only 514 cases were disposed of. Between April 2011 and March 2012, the Commission received 1,092 complaints, of which just 18 complaints were disposed of.\"Of the 1,074 pending cases, 850 were referred to police for further investigation. These cases will be closed after police file their reports. We are still waiting for their response,\" reads the monthly report filed by the commission in March this year. Besides, only three of the staff of 11 working for the commission are regular government employees.FEW BRANCHESIt's true we don't have a wing of the women's commission in Mangalore. The commission is primarily established to aid women who walk into the Family Court. Wherever Family Courts are established in Karnataka, the commission sets up a helpdesk.C Manjula | chairperson, karnataka state women's commissionCASEFILEMarch 2010- April 2011No. of cases filed: 1,196Cisposed of: 514Pending: 682March 2011- April 2012No. of cases filed: 1,092Disposed of: 18Pending: 1,074Helpdesks in: Bangalore, Mysore, Belgaum, Raichur, Davanagere, Bijapur, Gulbarga", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15356785", "title": "Rajagopuram to be toned up", "text": "GUNTUR: Amidst apprehensions over the structural solidity of the rajagopuram of the famous Sri Lakshminarasimha Swamy (Panakala swamy) temple, a team of structural engineers took up the study at the temple site at Mangalagiri in the district on Saturday. The expert team comprising archeology and structural engineering professors from IIT, Chennai, went around the temple and surrounding places to examine the rajagopuram. The team spent more than two hours examining the walls and floors of the rajagopuram and also collected samples of soil from the neighbouring burial ground.The Mangalagiri temple rajagopuram is considered to be the tallest one in southern India having a height of 152 ft and width of about 42 ft. The rajagopuram, comprising 11 floors, was believed to have been constructed by Sri Rajavasireddi Venkatadrinaidu in 1805. Team members Bhuminathan, Rabinson and Thyagarajan decided to stay at KL University near Tadepalli to complete their studies with regard to the life of the rajagopuram and the steps needed to be taken to strengthen the structure. \"We will submit the report within a week to the government,\" Bhuminathan told the media.The team visited the temple following a request made by the state endowments department to study the measures required to strengthen the rajagopuram. However, apart from conducting studies and appointing expert committees, the state government has done nothing much to protect the historical structures. \"Instead of taking measures to protect the structures, the government is unnecessarily spending money by appointing series of expert committees,\" criticized noted advocate A Sanjeeva Reddy, whose protests forced the government to withdraw plans to demolish the rajagopuram of Mangalagiri.In fact, a noted archeological expert Meher Prasad, a retired professor of Chennai IIT, visited Mangalagiri temple almost a year ago and declared that there was no threat to the rajagopuram.He found fault with the endowments officials for recommending the demolition of the rajagopuram. Very recently, the government ordered the demolition of rajagopuram of Amaravathi temple, also a structure of historical significance, without taking the experts committee recommendations into consideration.Following protests from the locals and temple committee, the demolition work was temporarily put on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "spa-francorchamps", "code": "15364978", "title": "India should avoid having too many classes: Kristensen", "text": "SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS: It's not often that a driver who makes a debut at a 24 hour endurance race doesn't feel the nerves. But that could be normal if you were a certain Tom Kristensen .The living legend of endurance racing, with a record eight Le Mans titles and six Sebring triumphs, hardly made a fuss as he signed autographs and posed for pictures for a serpentine queue of fans while also indulging the seemingly never-ending questions from the media and other obligations that come with being a sport superstar.Of course, all that must be a cakewalk compared to powering a 493-bhp GT3 car with for more than 500 laps through thunderstorm and poor visibility conditions as he and his Audi Sport Team Phoenix co-drivers Marcel Fassler and Andre Lotterer did at this weekend's Total 24 Hour of Racing at the historic grand prix circuit here last weekend.\"I didn't make any sacrifice. I just put in a lot of hard work,\" Kristensen said about his Le Mans record.The 41-year-old Dane and his team finished sixth in Spa. The race with 66 cars in the fray was won by the other team in an Audi R8 LMS - Andrea Piccini , Rene Rast and Frank Stippler .To put it in perspective for the cricket-mad country which has had its collective initiation into motorsport through Formula One , Kristensen's record is similar to Michael Schumacher's seven world titles and Lance Armstrong's as many Tour triumphs.The soft-spoken Kristensen said that GT car racing was more relevant to the common man than Formula 1. \"In endurance racing, it's not just about performance but also about reliability,\" he said.\"We have to compromise a bit on performance (unlike in F1) but what we get out of the car in terms of technology goes directly into the cars on the road.\"There are no short-cuts here. When you are racing a car for such a long time non-stop, you have to be a little more intelligent. You can push technology to the limit, but not too much.\"Kristensen believed that India, which hosted its maiden F1 Grand Prix in Delhi last year, could gain from its British heritage.\"India's is a very young motorsport culture. There are many European car manufacturers coming into the market and you could also draw on the experiences from the British heritage, which is a very positive thing,\" he said. Kristensen, however, cautioned against over-doing things.\"I think formula racing is the way to go for India with an option to diversify into other series like the GT3 (car racing) over the years. But there should not be too many classes. You have to ensure that there are many good drivers but only the best come to the top,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358716", "title": "Infertility hits mental health", "text": "Women without children are more likely to develop mental health issues later in life, says a study by the Danish Cancer Society Research Center in Copenhagen. It also found a significantly higher risk for drug and alcohol abuse among women who did not go on to have children after an initial fertility consultation.This study comes on the heels of a call to governments to make infertility a key health issue. Indian doctors have long urged the state to include infertility in family planning policies. A 2010 study by the International Institute for Population Sciences International Institute for Population Sciences, Mumbai, showed that childlessness among Indian couples had risen by 50% from 1981 to 2001. Globally, 60-80 million couples are diagnosed to be infertile every year; almost 15-20 million are believed to be in India.The Danish study looked at mental health problems severe enough to warrant hospitalization. Lead researcher Baldur-Feskov noted that women who did not go on to have children were 47% more likely to be hospitalized for schizophrenia than those who gave birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357333", "title": "Sharad Pawar slams RR Patil for blasts, praises Narendra Modi", "text": "MUMBAI: Union agriculture minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Saturday blasted state home minister R R Patil for his \"inept handling of the law and order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune\".Pointing out that Pune and certain cities in the state were on the terrorists' hitlist, Pawar said, \"It appears our intelligence gathering network is poor. This situation is unacceptable. There appears to be negligence at certain levels. If the officers are not performing, the state must take stringent action.\"Pawar, who was in Mumbai for a high-level meeting of NCP cabinet members, gave a clean chit to NCP cabinet members, irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare and public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who have been accused by the BJP of \"misusing their official position for personal gains\". \"I have seen all relevant files. I don't find any substance in the allegations made against Tatkare and Bhujbal. There is no substance in the charge that the two cabinet ministers misused their official position for personal gains,\" Pawar said.In his hour long inter action with NCP cabinet members, besides granting a clean chit to Tatkare and Bhujbal, Pawar lauded Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to effectively tackling drought and conservation of rain water and obliquely criticised home minister R R Patil for inept handling of the law and order situation, particularly the serial blasts in Pune.Pawar's clean chit to the two ministers came as a surprise to senior NCP cabinent members, especially at a time when the anti-corruption bureau and the economic offences wing are looking into the allegations against a section of controversial ministers.The main charge against Tatkare is that he was involved in rampant corruption in major irrigation projects in the state and his family members amassed wealth through illegal means. It is alleged that Tatkare and his family members have major states in several companies.Bhujbal has been accused of awarding the contract for the construction of Andheri RTO building, Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi and the state guesthouse on Malabar Hill to a private developer. It is alleged that though the cost all the three constructions is less than Rs 150 crore, the developer will get additional FSI of Rs 5,000 crore.Both Tatkare and Bhujbal have denied the charges, saying they are prepared for a probe by any agency.During his hour-long interaction with NCP cabinet members, Pawar lauded Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for his effective tackling of drought and conservation of rain water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15358101", "title": "SOS: Palam Vihar D block drowning in its own waste", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of D block in Palam Vihar are forced to live in pathetic conditions, with sewage overflowing and scattered all around the houses.While the sewerage should have been in place before the monsoon, the pre-monsoon rain itself made the situation worse.A resident, Usha Rai said, \"People living here are unable to step out of their houses because of the terrible situation. The foul smell coming from the sewage has made our lives miserable. Maintaining the sewer line is HUDA's responsibility but no action has been taken so far.\" She claimed that the sewer lines in the area has become choked and has not been cleaned by the authorities.On July 31, the entire D block was flooded and pumps had to be used to drain out water. Residents say that it seemed as if a river of sewage water was flowing out of D block. Fed up with the horrible sanitation condition, the residents complained to the deputy mayor, Parminder Kataria, who then visited the colony.The resident claimed that Kataria called officials responsible for the maintenance of the colony and asked them to urgently clear up the mess. He also assured residents that he would follow it up with HUDA and others who are responsible, till the drainage work was completed. The residents also complained that the firm that has been given the work of maintenance does a shoddy job which resulted in the poor sanitation situation in the colony. The residents met the various officials seeking swift action with regards to the maintenance of the colony.\"The rain water and overflowing sewer are breeding ground of diseases. There could be an outbreak of dengue, malaria or typhoid if the problem of sewage and rain water is not sorted out immediately,\" said Sandeep Rana, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15365424", "title": "Akhilesh scales rooftop to address masses; proves he is not called young and dynamic without reason", "text": "LUCKNOW: On Sunday afternoon, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav proved he is not called young and dynamic without reason. Braving heavy rains and poor weather conditions Yadav scaled the roof of an Inter College in Bakshi ka Talaab constituency of Lucknow after the stage from which he to address the crowds that had gathered to hear him collapsed due to the heavy downpour.Yadav was visiting BKT Inter College, about 20 km from the state capital, to inaugurate a public library established in memory of senior Samajwadi leader Janeshwar Mishra. Though a tent and stage had been setup for the chief minister's programme, the torrential downpour on Sunday afternoon resulted in the entire stage collapsing before the CM could make his address.Though local leaders suggested that the chief minister's address be cancelled and held on a later date, Yadav decided, instead, to not disappoint his supporters. The chief minister, along with other members of the party decided to continue with the formal address; only the venue was changed to the roof top of the college.Apart from his programme at the BKT Inter College, Akhilesh also visited the Chandrabhanu Gupta Agriculture University where he unveiled the statues of political leaders Raj Narain and Pandit Shyam Manohar Mishra.Addressing his audiences, Akhilesh said that the Samajwadi Party government was grateful for the faith and support that the people of UP had placed in them. The chief minister also said that his government was working hard to ensure that all promised made by the party in its election manifesto were kept. He also said steps were being taken to meet the power crisis in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15359195", "title": "Invasion of the info age Indiana", "text": "They incessantly talk about mining and scraping and digging out. An innocent bystander might mistake the discussion to be connected to geological activity. But this is a crowd made up of people passionate about only one thing data. Loads and loads of it. From geeks wearing t-shirts with Hacker written over them to social scientists and NGO activists in kurtas. From 14-year-old hackers to greyhaired policy researchers. They usually meet over mailing lists, Google groups and video calls. But now the movement is getting more visible with events in Gurgaon, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai.And if you sit through these discussions, you will be surprised at whats thrown up. You will, for instance, find out that when it rains ground water level actually goes down in Orissa even as it goes up in Rajasthan (as expected ). That students born in August and September, on an average, do better than other students in 10th and 12th exams in India, while those born in June score the lowest on average. It is the excitement of finding such counter-intuitive facts that brings enthusiasts together. Some just work towards procuring this information while others work to derive meaningful trends from it. Earlier if you wanted to find such trends, you would have to go join a research firm and work with data provided by them. Today, availability of such information has converted every inquisitive person into a scientist and every computer into a laboratory, says S Anand, chief data scientist at startup Gramener. com and a key person behind the movement. Official reports don't always address your questions. Working with data allows you to ask questions which matter to you and find your own answers.Some are also driven by gaps in information that exist in our society. Many large cities in India, including metros like Chennai, dont even have an updated list of bus stops or bus routes. Some people in data meets embark on documenting this information and making it available to the public in a usable form for free.It all started in January last year when Anand was at Infosys along with his colleague and friend Thejesh G N. The duo dabbled in data analysis and visualisation techniques before getting in touch with other like-minded people. The interactions started with mailing lists and soon led to Skype sessions. A common theme was where do we get more data. We were of the view that in India if we looked hard enough for data we would find it, he says.Data is obtained through various means. It can be publically available information or information accessed by making use of the RTI Act. Other sources include research from books and outreach programmes, i. e. collecting data from the field.Beginning October last year, the group also started holding small meetings with about 10-20 participants at the first few sessions. Its first formal event, the Open Data Camp (ODC), was held at Googles office in Bangalore on March 24 this year. Around 250 registered, of which about 150 attended. Another one took place at Hyderabad on June 23 at the Indian School of Business campus. The group has been growing online, too, with 2-3 registrations on its mailing list every day. The community is expanding mainly through word of mouth, says Nisha Thompson, project manager at India Water Portal and a key figure behind the organisation of data meets.Data meets in various cities are independent of each other, have different organisers and have their own focus, based on members interests and backgrounds. While people interested in the tech aspects dominate the Pune and Gurgaon sessions, people in Bangalore focus more on finding sources of data and their application. In Hyderabad, they focus on corporate data while the Chennai crowd is predominantly drawn from the social sector. The common thread that binds the community, albeit loosely, is shared interests without a larger defined agenda.In terms of focus, August last year was a turning point for most such groups. It was the first time they were approached by NGOs who needed data as well as analysis on the information they had. This was the perfect collaboration. It went from a geek forum to geek plus NGO forum, says Anand.Soon, individuals with a strong background in technology and who excelled in techniques like scraping (pulling data from web pages and other forms of readable formats like PDF) were joined by social researchers and activists who saw this exercise as an effective tool to create more transparency and accountability in governance. Transparent Chennai, a non-profit organisation that takes up pedestrians problems, slum issues, accountability of councillors and public toilets, was one such organisation. Data about the poor is simply not collected and most of what is provided to us can just be a bundle of papers, says Nithya Raman, founder of Transparent Chennai and also a speaker at a recent data meet in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362259", "title": "Prithviraj-Priya Mani back again", "text": "It has been a while since the Kollywood audience have had a chance to see Prithviraj on the big screen. Now, the makers of one of his older Malayalam films are planning on releasing a dubbed version in Tamil soon.This would mean Puthiya Mukham , which released way back in 2009, will now release as Dhil Dhil Manadhil. The film had Priya Mani as his heroine. At that point, Prithviraj and Priya Mani were one of the hottest pairs. The action-entertainer, which was directed by Diphan, was a big hit.The makers explain that they had plans of remaking this film with a popular Tamil actor for a long time, but since the plans didn't work out, they are now dubbing the film and releasing it as is this weekend (August 10). Considering that Priya Mani and Prithviraj are both popular names in Kollywood, they are confident about this decision.Meanwhile, the Malayalam film is being remade in Kannada with actors Prajwal Devaraj and Aindrita Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15358346", "title": "'Cops going slow in EDC bonds case'", "text": "PANAJI: The Francisco Sardinha-led coalition government lost power in October, 2000, after the BJP withdrew support to it on charges of alleged irregularities over appointment of an agency for raising bonds of Rs 150 crore for finance developmental schemes.A complaint was filed in 2004 by Sanjeev Gadkar, additional director of vigilance, and was registered with the crime branch against former chief minister Sardinha, managing director of M/s Triveni management consultancy and Triveni management consultancy. This was based on an inquiry conducted into the bonds issue. The inquiry had found that the decision had caused a loss of Rs 1.13 crore to the government.Sardinha, as chief minister, had approved M/s Triveni as a 'lead arranger' for mobilization of funds by issuing the bonds. It has now been revealed that there is no progress in the investigation undertaken by the crime branch. Officially, the government has said that most of the gazette officers who had played an important role in handling the Triveni bonds file have retired and \"addresses of some of them are not available\".In a reply given to Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, the government said that the investigation is also \"pending for availability of some of their original documents to secure and confront the witnesses\". Asked whether the government admits lethargy for delay in investigation for more than eight years, the government replied saying that the DySP and PI were replaced to give momentum to the crime branch. After pulling the government down and installing a BJP-led government, Parrikar, as the new chief minister, had said that he would cancel the bonds. Sardinha, when contacted, said, \"My conscience was clear when I took the decision and it was the BJP government which utilized the funds. Congress was in power, but I never tried to get the case closed as there's nothing (wrong) in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patharpratima (south 24 parganas)", "code": "15356892", "title": "Traffickers rob Sunderbans kids of childhood", "text": "Patharpratima (South 24 Parganas): In July 2009, 10-year-old Farzara (all names changed) disappeared from Patharpratima's Kishori Nagar. Three years have passed since then, but the girl remains untraced till now. Her parents fear the girl has been sold off to some brothel by traffickers.\"I fear that my daughter must have been thrown into flesh trade by now. It pains me when I think of the trauma she must be going through. Whatever condition she may be in, we want her back home,\" the girl's father lamented.Few kilometres away in Bhagatpur, Supratim Maji has been regretting sending her 15-year-old daughter off to Delhi for work. Anjali had left home in April 2007. The prospect of working as a domestic help, which would ensure the girl proper food and a few hundred rupees, was too lucrative. The family agreed when a 'placement agency' proposed that he girl be sent with them.\"We are too poor to feed our children. We thought by sending her off she would at least get food to eat,\" regretted Maji.Pockets in South 24-Parganas, specially Sandeshkhali and Patharpratima, have emerged as a hot spot for traffickers over the years. Police officers and NGOs working on the issue are concerned about the vulnerability of children from these regions. \"There is an spurt in the number of minors missing from the pockets of the Sunderbans after Aila wrecked havoc in the island,\" admitted a senior police officer.The recorded number of minors missing from Patharpratima in 2011 alone was 39 while this year, the number stands at 19 till date. NGOs, however, said that the actual number could be much higher.\"Many cases go unreported. Sometimes, parents keep mum as long as they get money. Therefore, the actual number of missing children could be much higher. Moreover during raid and rescue we come across cases of minors who were not reported missing in the respective police stations,\" said Rishikant of Shaktivahini, a Delhi-based NGO.In majority of the cases, parents themselves send their children with these 'agencies'. They inform the police only when they fail to communicate with their children.However, police have been successful is rescuing some such children. \"I fell into the trap of a neighbour who took me away on the pretext of giving me a job. I smelt a rat only when he confined me in a house in some nearby town. I shiver at the very thought of those tormenting days,\" said a 18 year-old who was rescued by the police about six months ago.As the girl broke down narrating her past ordeal in her Dholahat hut, DSP Papiya Sultana of the anti-trafficking unit of the district assured the girl of support. Egged on by the police, the girl completed Class XII this year. Police now plans to enroll her in computer training programme. The girl is now looking ahead to live a new life.\"I only know what I went through during my seven year stay in a Pune brothel. But I bore everything silently as there was no escape,\" recounted Reshma. She now in her twenties however is back home after a police rescued her. On her tips police also nabbed the woman who ran the brothel and rescued six more girls hailing from different parts of south 24 Parganas.\"These rescued victims need proper rehabilitation scheme. Otherwise they might fall prey in the hands of traffickers again,\" said Vinod Kumar Tikoo, member National Commission for Protection of Children Right (NCPCR) who toured Patharpratima block recently.The district officials have decided to provide jobs to the two rescued girls after holding rounds of discussion with Tikoo and the NCPCR team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15363780", "title": "One out of two TB patients diabetic or pre-diabetic: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 50% of tuberculosis (TB) patients were found to have diabetes or pre-diabetes, a recent study on more than 800 tuberculosis patients in Tamil Nadu (TN) revealed.The study findings were released by Dr Vijay Viswanathan, managing director of M.V. Hospital for Diabetes in Tamil Nadu.A two-hour Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) revealed that 25.3% of TB patients had diabetes and another 24.5% had pre-diabetes. Published in July in PLoS -One Journal, the study was conducted among 827 TB patients registered under the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme in five select TB units in Tamil Nadu for Directly Observed Treatment Short-course (DOTS) therapy in the first quarter of 2011.Dr Vijay Viswanathan said the study revealed that the prevalence of diabetes among TB patients was almost double than that of general population (10.4 %). \"We undertook this study to ascertain the prevalence of diabetes among patients with TB. It is very significant that half the number of patients with TB were diagnosed with either diabetes or pre-diabetes,\" he said.\"These findings pose a great challenge for TB and diabetes control in the country because diabetes can worsen the clinical course of TB, and TB can worsen glucose control in people with diabetes,\" he added.This study also revealed that more men than women with TB were likely to develop diabetes. This may be due to factors such as smoking , tobacco use and alcohol consumption. It was also found that nearly half the patients with both diseases had the infectious form of pulmonary TB.\"Diabetics have weaker immunity and are more prone to infectious diseases than other people. Moreover, in countries where TB is prevalent, people with diabetes are three times higher a risk of acquiring the infectious disease. Given that the numbers of those with diabetes in India is increasing steadily and the threat of TB also looms large, it is necessary to detect patients with both the conditions to ensure that proper treatment is given for both diseases. TB patients can also be attributed to other factors, including family history, sedentary lifestyle and ageing. It is, therefore, paramount that all TB patients be screened for diabetes, as early diagnosis can help manage both the diseases,\" Dr Viswanathan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15357217", "title": "Two succumb to suicide bid, four serious", "text": "MADURAI: A gold appraiser who defrauded a private bank of Rs 21 lakh by pledging fake gold jewellery in Tuticorin attempted suicide with his family here. The move has left his brother and nephew dead and the appraiser and three others battling for life.Police said Avudaiyappan (39) of Market Street in Eral in Tuticorin district had been working as a gold appraiser in a private bank in the region. A few days ago, it was detected that he had swindled bank funds totalling Rs 21 lakh by pledging fake gold ornaments.On coming to know of the problem, Avudaiyappan's brother Paramasivam approached the bank and offered to repay the money and repaid Rs 9 lakh. But the family became humiliated when the news of Avudaiyappan's activities started spreading among the public.Hence, Avudaiyappan, his wife Bamadevi (28), his brother Paramasivam (42), his wife Prema (40) and their sons Maharajan (12) and Manikandan (8) took the extreme step and consumed cyanide.Their neighbours who found them in an unconscious state rushed them to a private hospital in Athoor, where Manikandan and Paramasivam succumbed. The condition of the other four is critical. and they have been admitted to the Tuticorin government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358507", "title": "B D College offers MBA course", "text": "PATNA: B D College, a constituent unit of Magadh University (MU), has the All India Council for Technical Education's approval to offer MBA course from the academic session 2012-2013.The approval came after proper inspection of the college's infrastructure. According to college principal B N Ojha, the college has got permission to admit 60 students to the MBA course this year. Applications have been invited from eligible candidates for admission. The classes will start next month.A N College: The college will start Intermediate classes from August 25 as the admission procedure is almost complete. Though the admission to degree part 1 courses is on, part 1, including honours, classes will also start from August 25. Admission forms for postgraduate courses in the college can be submitted till August 16, said college principal Hardwar Singh.Arvind Mahila College: The college, which has announced the second list of students for admission to Intermediate courses, will start classes from August 25. The admission to Intermediate and degree courses will continue till August 13, college principal Asha Singh said, adding admission forms for postgraduate courses could be submitted till August 18.J D Women's College: The college is all set to start degree classes from August 10. Intermediate classes will start after August 15, said college principal Usha Singh.B S College: The college at Danapur has introduced commerce teaching at degree level from the current academic session. The college which is likely to complete admission to Intermediate courses by August 10, will start classes in the third week of August, said college principal Praveen Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15361079", "title": "Team Anna going political as its agitation failed: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "BHOPAL, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Sunday said the decision of Team Anna to float a political party only indicates that their \"movement against corruption has failed.\"Team Anna would not have decided to form a political party had its movement against corruption succeeded, Singh said while welcoming their move and added that anyone has a right to form a political party in the country.However, it remains to be seen as to what effect the new party will have on Indian politics and to what extent it will be able to influence the people, he quipped.As far as the Congress party is concerned, it has nothing to fear from Team Anna's proposed political party, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358033", "title": "Maternal grandparents to appeal in HC for harsher punishment", "text": "JAIPUR: Maternal grandparents of battered child Shaurya were relieved on Saturday when a local court in Delhi sentenced the boy's parents - an Army major (retired) and his wife - to 10 years for torturing and attempting to kill the child, but said they will appeal against the court's order seeking harsher punishment in the Delhi high court. The couple also said making the 13-year-old teenager a well-educated man would be now in their priority.Life has been difficult for Savitri Devi and her husband Pyarey Lal Verma of Hanuman Nagar Extension here since 2005 when they came to know through an anonymous call that the 6-year-old (in 2005) Shaurya was hospitalized after his parents Major Lalit Balhara and his second wife Preeti thrashed him badly. The grandparents though got the custody of their child but decided that they will bring the couple to book.Saturday was a big day for the Hanuman Nagar based elderly grandparents when a formerOn Saturday, the Delhi court sentenced Army major (retired) Lalit Balhara and his wife Preeti to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for torturing and attempting to kill their minor son. An additional fine of Rs 60,000 each was also imposed on them.Savitri Devi and Pyarey Lal Verma who are now living with Shaurya since 2005 were satisfied yet termed the sentence as \"meagre\".\"This is the first of its kind case in the country where parents of a kid thrashed him so badly that he got paralysis in the age of 3 and has faced many other problems including clots. Thus, we had expected at least a life imprisonment of 14 years,\" Savitri Devi said while talking to TOI.Her husband Pyarey Lal, said, \"We will surely go for appeal against the order of additional session judge to the Delhi high court.\"The family believed that they have just won half of the battle as getting proper education and maintaining good health for Shaurya is their priority.\"Ab to bas Shaurya ko padha likha ke achcha aadmi banana hai (Now our priority is to get Shaurya well-educated),\" Savitri Devi said.\"The medical report of the child stated that the minor boy was suffering from a battered baby syndrome - a combination of physical injuries such as broken bones , bruises, burns and malnutrition as a result of gross abuse by the parents or caregiver. He still gets up in shock,\" Savitri Devi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358500", "title": "Amusement park likely by October", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites can hope to get an amusement park, that would be a complete hangout spot offering entertainment and enjoyment to all the age groups, in the Ganga diara soon.After the company that had earlier been awarded the contract withdrew from the project, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has decided to float the tender again. \"Last year, we floated a tender for this project and two companies applied for it. The contract was awarded to the city-based company, RK Amusements and Inflatables. But due to the high land rates and some other technical problems, the project could not take off and the company withdrew itself.\" Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC, told TOI.To be set up under the public private partnership (PPP) mode, the amusement park would also have a food plaza and water and other adventure sports facilities of a very high standard. The corporation has again prepared a draft of the tender stating revised fare charts and other conditions. The tender draft was sent to the state government last week. \"Notice inviting tenders would be issued after the approval of the state government, which we expect to receive by next month,\" said Kumar.The food plaza would offer various popular Bihari cuisines along with Chinese, Continental and Indian delicacies of various states. There would be both snacks and main course corner for visitors. According to the tender conditions, the facilities proposed have to be totally eco-friendly.Establishment of the amusement park would take around two weeks. The corporation is expecting the selected company to start work on the park by the first week of October and complete it by the end of the month.The amusement park will remain open only for eight months every year. During the rainy season, its activities would remain suspended. The entry fee or ferry charges would be decided only after finalization of the company. The park would close before sunset.This park would be maintained by the private party itself. The service provider will have to pay a fixed annual license fee. Last year, the cost of the land lease was Rs 2 per square feet per month, but this year it has been changed to Rs 5 per square metre for a year. \"Unlike last year, we have added a provision for extending the contract of the company by a year, provided it is interested,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15364584", "title": "Poona Diagnostic Service launches bulletin rare medical cases", "text": "PUNE: The Poona Diagnostic Service (PDS), a CT scan diagnostic centre at Poona Hospital and Research Centre (PHRC) has recently launched 'imaging newsletter' - a sort of medical bulletin with interesting medical cases. The news letter meant for doctors will be published every quarter.\"The imaging news will have interesting and rare CT scan cases scanned at our centre referred by doctors from various hospitals, clinics in the city of Pune and its periphery. This activity is started purely with the intention of reaching out to our doctors and sharing the good work referred by and done at our centre,\" said senior radiologist Avinash Kelkar, PDS.Senior physician H V Sardesai who released the newsletter said, \"with the advanced machines, diagnosis has become easier and faster. These services should benefit more and more needy people\".Senior intensivist Shirish Prayag, director of Prayag Medical Foundation the newsletter would be very much useful to medical practitioners and around Pune to update their knowledge and newer application of CT scanning.\"Many poor patients from government or other charitable hospitals are now being scanned at very much subsidised charges at PDS,\" Kelkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15358138", "title": "'IIM's aim is to create a knowledge-based society'", "text": "JAIPUR: Corporate honchos and management gurus gathered in the city of lakes to share their idea of innovation in a day-long 'The Leadership Summit-2012' organized by Indian Institute of Management-Udaipur (IIM-U) in city palace on Saturday. The theme of the event was innovation.Professor Janat Shah, director, IIM-U, shared his vision saying: \"IIM is aimed at creating a knowledge-based society. We encourage our students to engage in practices which help them share the knowledge for the betterment of society.\"The event was inaugurated by scion of the erstwhile royal family of Udaipur and member of Rajasthan Cricket Association, Lakshyaraj Singh Mewar, while addressing a keynote address stressing upon the need to stick to ethics and morals in business.\"India can become an innovation hub provided we execute our ideas in right direction. Our country needs leaders who are good human beings and only then any of these ideas can be sustained over a large period of time,\" added Mewar.Pradeep Kashyap, CEO, MART &amp; president, Rural Marketing Association of India, set the tone for the event with his speech on \"Business minds with a social cause\". He talked about the concept of \"75% performance at 50% price\" in the Indian context, stressing on the fact that it requires a bottoms-up approach towards a community co-creation process.Known as father of rural marketing, Kashyap explained that how innovation has shifted towards the east in recent decades. Keeping in mind the market dynamics, Indian market should have affordability, utilizing least resources and producing more products besides keeping the innovation revolving around ecosystems.The event was attended by IIM students and faculty along with various dignitaries and entrepreneurs from Rajasthan. Questions ranging from innovation in the developmental activities, to pharmaceutical industry and the spectrum of volatility and repeatability in the context of innovation, were put forward by the students, which was addressed by the panel and the keynote speaker.The unique insights on innovation and Indian business at the event has helped students to feel the pulse of Indian market scenario and the understand the direction in which our country is headed. The event was watched by thousand others as it was live telecasted on IIM website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "15361764", "title": "No rift within NDA over prime ministerial candidate: BJP", "text": "AGRA: The BJP on Sunday said there is no rift among NDA partners on the issue of prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 general elections and the matter will decided collectively within the alliance.\"There are no issues or differences in BJP... There is no question of any internal rift in NDA or BJP. Before the elections, BJP and NDA will decide under whose leadership we will fight the elections,\" BJP's national vice president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters here.Naqvi was replying to a question on the sidelines of the party's 'Chintan Baithak' (brainstorming session) here on reports of growing rift within NDA over the issue of prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 general elections.Bihar chief minister and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar had earlier expressed reservation over the candidature of his Gujarat counterpart and BJP leader Narendra Modi for the top post.BJP President Nitin Gadkari had said on Friday that he had discussed the issue of NDA's prime ministerial candidate with Kumar and assured him that no decision has yet been taken on Modi being the party's choice for it.Naqvi said, \"In 2014 NDA will form its government and root out the corrupt Congress-led UPA government from power.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "15356850", "title": "Teachers 'strip search' girl in staff room, held", "text": "SURI: Two teachers of Kaligati Smriti Nari Shiksha Niketan school in Suri were arrested after they allegedly strip searched a Class-XII student on Friday. The teachers were produced in court and later granted bail.The student alleged that she was brought to the teachers' room after one of her classmates claimed to have lost Rs 150. The girl was then thoroughly searched by the two female teachers - Chaitali Gupta and Lipika Saha - in the presence of other teachers.However, the search did not yield any result. The victim stated in her complaint that though she pleaded innocence, they did not bother to pay heed to her words.\"After returning home on Friday, my daughter broke into tears. She told us how of her classmates accused her of theft after the latter could not find Rs 150. The teachers then took her to the teachers' room and searched her all over. My daughter is terribly shocked and embarrassed after the incident. She doesn't want to go to school,\" said the teen's father.A complaint was lodged on Friday and the teachers were rounded up early on Saturday. Meanwhile, the headmistress Kalpana Roy said the girl had exaggerated the matter and only her bag was searched. But she promised to look into the matter.This is not the first time that a schoolstudent has been humiliated by the teachers. On July 14, a student of a school in Bongaon had been accused of stealing Rs 50 and stripsearched in the common room in front of other teachers. On June 29, a teacher of another school in North 24-Parganas had yanked off the leggings of a girl student in front of the whole class, including boys, because she was 'improperly dressed'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357920", "title": "Accolade winners over the moon", "text": "I wasn't expecting the award. My aim was to perform well in both academics as well as in extra-curricular activities. So, I participated in elocutions and debates. Recently, I had been to Europe to take part in an International Study Tour. I am the university topper this year. All these achievements enabled me to get this honour.Kamakshi Vinayak Bandekar, Laxminarayan Institute of TechnologyI am very excited. I feel that to be patient is very essential and as so many students were in contention for this award it was very crucial. I am currently doing MA in psychology and in future I plan to do research in the field of music and psychology.Aarohi Anil Agarkar, Hislop CollegeMy teachers told me to fill the form and apply for this award. I was not expecting to win this award. I am extremely happy as I am the first engineer from my family and I give credit to my teachers and family. I am at present doing post graduation in advanced computing and will try to seek admission in Indian Institute of technology and pursue MTech from there.Sumit Nagrare, Tulsiramji Gaikwad Patil CollegeI was shocked when I got the news about the award. I worked hard utilizing the minimum resources available. I have always been positive and playing a lot of sports has improved my personality.Aditya Kishor Sarve, NAGPUR Sharirik Shikshan Mahavidyalaya(Interviews by Aman Bordia)Nagpur: State EGS minister Nitin Raut on Saturday exhorted Nagpur University's vice chancellor to develop Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) into a world class institution on the lines of Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS).\"LIT was one of the most prestigious institutions of our country. Over the passage of time, unfortunately, it has lost its credibility,\" said Raut during NU's 89th Foundation Day programme held at Guru Nanak Auditorium as the chief guest. He also expressed concern over the large scale vacancies of principals and lecturers in the university stating that it was severely affecting the quality of education. \"I will talk to the ministry concerned to fill up these posts so that students do not have to suffer,\" he added.He reiterated his stance to help NU in removing illegal encroachments, including dhabas and restaurants from its 70-acre land, and fund the digital library. Commenting on hefty fees of engineering colleges, Raut highlighted need for a government engineering college. \"With affiliation of Government College of Engineering (GCOE) with Gondwana University and VNIT becoming a national institute, there is an urgent need for a government engineering college for students who cannot afford heavy fees,\" he said.The state minister also informed that his efforts in this direction have borne fruits as NIT had given consent to provide land for the college. With MIHAN coming up, a lot of job opportunities would be available for the city's youth, he said adding, \"NU should start job-oriented courses so that more and more students are employed in reputed companies.\" He also advised that NU should tie up with Nagpur Flying Club (NFC) to start various courses related to aviation industry. \"There is a lot of scope for the university to regain its lost glory,\" he said.VC of Shivaji University, Kolhapur, NJ Pawar, who shared the dais as the chief guest, spoke on challenges before the higher education sector. Pawar said the biggest problem faced by traditional universities was of funding. \"Ninety per cent universities, where almost same percentage of students study, depend on government grants. The need of the hour is to strengthen them financially for providing better facilities to the students,\" he said.\"A teacher is known by his character and personality while a student by clarity of thoughts and perseverance. They should follow the three 'Ts' - truth, tolerance and togetherness - for making an institution successful,\" he said adding that a university's job is to fulfil the expectations of society and in doing so it should adopt honesty, transparency and accountability.65 NU members boycott programmeBoycott of the ceremony by Dr Ved Prakash Mishra's Secular Panel somewhat dampened the Foundation Day celebrations. All the 65 statutory members of the panel skipped the programme to protest the failure of the NU administration led by Sapkal. They said that the VC and his team were excluding them from the decision making process. They accused the VC of ignoring their demands regarding convening of emergency meetings of statutory bodies in wake of various scams and paper leaks that has rocked the university in last couple of months.BOXES* Lifetime Achievement Awards (Jeevan Sadhna Puraskar)Atal Bahadur Singh, former Mayor &amp; Senate memberNarayan Samarth, Deaf and Dumb School, Saoner, presidentRam Khandwe, Janardhan Swami Yogyabhasi Mandal activistTapan Chakraborty, former NEERI director* Best non-teaching staff:Vinod Ilme, NU Estate officerDamodar Kuthe, VC's driverRamesh Meher, Class IV employeeSandip Hiwarkar, Sant Gadgebaba College* Best teaching staff:Vishwas Deshpande, Principal, Ramdeobaba CollegeVinod Gawande, Principal, Rajkamal Tidke CollegeKishor Deshmukh, HoD of NU Mathematics DepartmentAshok Gomase, lecturer at Shivaji Science CollegeSN Kishor, lecturer at Sardar Patel College, Chandrapur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15361719", "title": "Manoj Tiwary is a serious contender for place in ODI team: Duncan Fletcher", "text": "COLOMBO: Impressed with Manoj Tiwary's knock in the final ODI against Sri Lanka, Indian cricket team coach Duncan Fletcher says the middle-order batsman is a \"serious contender\" for a place in the One-day team.Fletcher felt Tiwary, who made a fluent 65, has made best use of the opportunities.\"His temperament has shown that he is up to the big occasion, when pressure is on he has produced the results. He is a serious contender for a regular place in the one day side,\" Fletcher said.A series of defeats in England and Australia has marred his tenure as coach, and the 4-1 win over Sri Lanka is a much-needed one for Fletcher.\"It was a very good win after a long break. We were obviously gonna arrive here little bit unfit, we worked on fitness regime and played some good cricket. There is room for improvement. But I think we will be pretty pleased with the 4-1 result against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka,\" Fletcher, who took over from Gary Kirsten at the end of the 2011 World Cup, told reporters after India's win last night.Fletcher also lavished praised on the in-form Virat Kohli , who was named the Man of the Series.\"The good thing about him is that he is continuing with his good form,\" he said.On all-rounder Irfan Pathan , who was adjudged the Man of the Match in the final ODI for picking up five wickets, Fletcher said, \"He is very professional on and off the field. He has got the results that he deserves.\"Fletcher said there were moments in the series when Sri Lanka appeared to gain momentum.\"We got ourselves in to the situation of making sure that we maintain our concentration levels,\" the India coach said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "pen", "code": "15357309", "title": "Toxic idols choke rivers", "text": "PEN: In a discreet corner of the road crossing the Bhogeshwari river in Pen taluka, about 80 km from Mumbai, lies a heap of plastic, plaster of paris (PoP) and damaged Ganpati idols, some of which wear toxic colours. These are key ingredients used by sculptors to prepare Ganpati idols. More than 5,000 sculptors who prepare Ganpati idols round the year in Pen have reduced the river bank to a dumping ground.These idols find place of honour in homes of the devout across the world during Ganeshotsav.Every time an idol is damaged at the time of making, the sculptors simply dump it on the river bank, without sparing a thought for the fragile ecosystem of the river.Activists say the situation in Mumbai is not very different. In the absence of strict guidelines on proper disposal of waste, sculptors in Mumbai too invariably dump idols with harmful colours in water bodies. This toxic waste enters the river and causes substantial damage to the ecosystem in general and marine life in particular.Environmentalists condemn this practice by idol makers. The local civic bodies have done little to curb the massive pollution caused by such activities.Environmentalists insist that PoP is not a naturally-occurring material and takes several months to dissolve completely. \"The rivers bear the brunt of man's callousness. The very artists who design such beautiful idols are not sensitive towards the environment. The authorities turn a blind eye,\" said bird watcher Madhav Athavale, a resident of Pen.Experts say PoP reduces the oxygen levels in water. \"Chemical elements such as sulphur, phosphorus and magnesium in the PoP and mercury, arsenic, lead and carbon in the dyes used to paint the idols result in the death of marine life. The paint enters the food cycle through fish and animals, which drink this contaminated water,\" said Chaitra Yadavar from www.greenbappa.com, a portal founded by students in Mumbai.The brighter the colour, the greater is its toxicity. Most colours are bio-accumulative. Red, blue, orange and green colours are known to have highest content of mercury, zinc oxide, chromium and lead, she pointed.Navi Mumbai-based sculptor MP Pawar said, \"If a PoP idol is damaged at the time of making, it can be repaired but idol makers who take huge orders don't want to 'waste' time on it. They prefer to make a new one in the same time.\"Pen civic council's chief officer Vijaykumar Dvase admitted no steps have been taken to curb such pollution. The proposed scientific dumping ground with capacity of 15 metric tones in Pen has been delayed due to the rains. Pawar and Yadavar insisted that traditions must change with time and stress must be laid on artificial immersion or using the same idol every year to reduce pollution and save water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15357231", "title": "Confusion mars Chanda mock bomb drill", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The mock bomb detection drill conducted by superintendent of police Rajiv Jain, at the railway station, to test the preparedness of the various units of the police force exposed several loopholes.The drill revealed that while the speed of response of the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) and the dog squad was poor, the fire brigade and the ambulance services couldn't even make it to the scene.The drill began in the afternoon with a relay of fake emergency massages about recovery of a bomb on Chandrapur railway station being sent to all units of the police department. All units including squads of City and Ramnagar police, rapid response unit, RCP, BDDS, dog squad, reserve forces from headquarter, RPF, GRP and C-60 rushed to the railway station.However, the police control room messed up the content of the message such that several of the units got a message about an outbreak of riot while others were told about detection of a bomb at the railway station. Due to the ensuing confusion the response time of each of the unit was poor. BDDS and the dog squad were late to arrive on the scene. Key units such as the fire brigade and the ambulance services completely failed to come at all. The traffic police too didn't reached the scene. Another interesting fact was that those who had responded came totally ill equipped in dealing with a terrorist threat. The cops came with lathis instead of weapons. Even the GRP and RPF were not notified in time and its officials were late to respond to the emergency.\"There was some confusion in the content of the message. I had directed the control room to send a message about the detection of a bomb at the railway station in order to check the response time of various units in the backdrop of the recent bomb blasts at Pune. However some units got the wrong message about outbreak of riots. The confusion was one of the main reasons behind the poor response time of the teams,\" said SP Rajiv Jain, talking to TOI.The drill also revealed that BDDS squad was not deft in responding to bomb emergencies. The dress worn by the bomb squad personnel were outdated. \"We have discovered several shortcomings in deftness of response of our units to the emergency call. This mock drill was in- fact meant to detect the faults, so that they can be rectified if there is any similar real time emergency. I will see to it that every weakness discovered during the drill is rectified as quick as possible,\" Jain said.Jain himself checked the efficiency and response of every unit of the police force at the railway station. Later he inspected the railway station with the senior officers.Photo - SP Rajiv Jain inspecting the different units of police forceFile - Mock Drill-12) BDDS personnel wearing the special dress to deal with emergencyFile - Mock Drill-23) SP Rajiv Jain inspecting the railway station with other officersFile - Mock Drill-3", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357542", "title": "India abstains from voting against Syria at UNGA", "text": "NEW DELHI: India worked hard behind the scenes on Friday to dilute a Saudi Arabia-drafted UNGA resolution, which severely indicted Syria for the situation prevailing in the country, but finally abstained from voting after the draft could not be rid of reference to the July 22nd League of Arab States resolution that called upon Syrian president Bashar al-Assad to step down. The decision has further brought into focus India's growing contrariness with the Arab League over Assad's fate.India was among the 31 countries that abstained from voting on the 'strongly-worded resolution'. Russia and China were among the 12 countries that voted against the resolution, but it still found overwhelming approval in the form of support from 133 nations.Insisting that the government did not duck the issue by abstaining, sources indicated that India may still have gone with the majority but for the reference to the League of Arab States resolution, which called upon Assad to step down. The original draft, though, was tougher on Syria calling upon nations to impose sanctions on the war-ravaged country. \"We said that no country is going to impose sanctions on the basis of a UN General Assembly resolution,\" said a source.\"Other countries too took this line and it was withdrawn but the reference to the League of Arab States resolution forced us to abstain. In fact, looking at it hypothetically, had it not been for this reference, we could have gone with the majority,'' he added. Despite its serious attempt to do a balancing act by not antagonizing the Arab League, it has not found common ground with them over Assad's fate. India is averse to any talk about regime change maintaining instead that the decision should be left to the Syrians only.Unlike a Security Council resolution, UNGA resolutions are not legally binding. According to Indian officials, the resolution also failed to address the issue of violence being perpetrated by opposition groups and instead only focused on violence by government militia and other Assad supporters. While stressing upon oppression by Syrian authorities, the resolution only hints at violence by the other side on page 3 where it condemns \"all violence, irrespective of where it comes from, including terrorist attacks''.When asked about Saudi Arabia and Qatar arming Syrian rebels, a government source said that the \"sophistication of weapons used by the rebels was very high\" and that this is a very dangerous trend.While India officially called for resolving the crisis through \"dialogue and political processes\" in its explanation of vote, government sources admitted that the fast deteriorating situation may no longer allow that. In the explanation of vote at the UN, India's permanent representative Hardeep Puri said that even though special envoy Kofi Annan had resigned, his efforts have put in place \"a set of valuable documents, which, if implemented, can facilitate a political resolution of the Syrian crisis without any further bloodshed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15358872", "title": "Freshers rock to new beats at MCM DAV College", "text": "Amid high enthusiasm and excitement, new entrants enjoyed a vibrant freshers' day party at MCM DAV College in Sector 36 on Saturday.In a welcome surprise for the freshers, popular Punjabi singer-actor Harbajan Mann was present at the occasion to crown the new Miss Fresher at the all girls' college. Mann applauded the show presented by the students and expressed his thrill at being a part of the entertaining event.Back at the party, enthralling dances and performances by seniors welcomed the new entrants. Among the most captivating event of the day was Ms Freshers contest, where newcomers put their best foot forward to clinch the title. Ravnoor bagged the Ms Fresher title and Sugandha and Pia were adjudged the first and second runners up, respectively. Bhavna won the Ms Beautiful Eyes title, while Sakshi won the Ms Charming Smile title.Tanveer, Gurmehak and Simran bagged the Ms Graceful Walk, Ms Glowing skin and Ms Lustrous hair title, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15357297", "title": "Contractors of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation may be fined, suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is planning to take coercive action against errant contractors of defect liability period (DLP) roads. After observing that potholes on DLP roads are hardly attended to by the contractors, the civic body has decided to penalize the contractors twice the regular amount and take coercive action to the extent of suspension. As per civic rules, contractors are bound to repair roads which are under DLP.Confirming the development Civic chief Sitaram Kunte told TOI, \"We are planning to take coercive action against errant DLP contractors. First, we will penalize the contractors twice the regular amount and in case they fail to act, then stringent coercive action will be taken. We have observed that DLP contractors haven't paid much heed to the complaints.\" TOI has, however, learnt that since the launch of the pothole tracking system, DLP contractors have started taking the pothole repair work seriously. \"Previously, the contractors did not bother but after the launch of the pothole tracking system, the scene has improved,\" Kunte said.Currently, the contractors are fined Rs 1,000 per pothole per day. In the case of the DLP roads, the contractors in all likelihood will be penalized twice the amount. \"Even after repeated warnings to the DLP contractors the road is not repaired, we may ask other agencies to do the work,\" said a roads department official.DLP roads are new roads that have to be maintained by the contractors who built them. Asphalt roads have a DLP of three years and cement-concrete roads have a DLP of five years. The BMC has 1,243 DLP roads, of which 335 are in the island city, 570 in the western suburbs and 338 in the eastern suburbs. It is mainly these stretches that come under scrutiny every monsoon. If a newly-constructed asphalt road develops potholes within three years of its construction, the contractor has to repair the potholes and pay a minimum fine, according to civic rules. A similar rule applies to DLP for cement-concrete roads.Corporators have welcomed the move. Bandra corporator Asif Zakaria said, \"It is indeed high time that punitive action is taken against errant contractors. This will certainly instil some fear among them.\"The civic body is in the process of collecting over Rs 57 lakh as fine from 12 pothole repair contractors. \"The calculation of the fines is in the final stage. As of date, the pothole tracking system is indicating Rs 57 lakh as the fine amount that the civic body will be collecting,\" said Shantanu Kulkarni, director, Probity Soft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357910", "title": "Government orders probe into working of Asha Kiran home", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Delhi high court pulling up the state government over the poor state of affairs at Asha Kiran home for mentally challenged in Rohini, the government has instituted an internal inquiry into the working of the crowded complex. An HC-appointed committee, in its report submitted early last week, had raised concern over the possibility of sexual abuse there.Social welfare minister Kiran Walia said an internal inquiry has been instituted into the functioning of the home. District social welfare officer Asha Gandhi will carry out the inquiry.Meanwhile, a state-appointed committee with representatives from Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences, The National Trust of the ministry of social justice, GB Pant Hospital's psychiatry department and activists working with the mentally challenged will submit its report on Asha Kiran early next week. This committee has visited the home and will give its findings and recommendations to social welfare department.Early last week, the HC-appointed committee reported to the court that there were indications of sexual abuse at the complex. In its report, the committee said the conditions at the home could be equated to \"Hitler's concentration camps.\"A committee of three lawyers informed the HC that it was shocked to find 12 such women whose body hair, including from private parts, was shaved off. The committee said it suspects they were subjected to sexual abuse, more so as it found the male employees at the home had \"unrestricted entry\" to the female compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15357143", "title": "Tamil Nadu government to buy dal in open market for PDS supply", "text": "CHENNAI: With prices of essential commodities skyrocketing, the Tamil Nadu government has decided to purchase 15,000 tonnes of tur dal and 10,000 tonnes of urad dal from the open market for distribution through the public distribution system at subsidised rates till September 30.This is the single largest procurement of the commodities by the government in recent times. A government press release said the civil supplies department godowns maintain sufficient PDS rice stocks for three months' supply. \"In view of the festival season, we want to make sure that essential commodities such as rice, dal and wheat are made available to the public through the PDS shops,\" said an official in the Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation.Stating that pulses would be procured as per Agmark specifications, he said the stock would be free from artificial colour and other impurities. Both tur and urad dal cost Rs 30 per kg each in ration shops while their price in the open market is Rs 70 per kg and Rs 90 per kg respectively.There are 33,222 fair price shops across the state, run by the civil supplies corporation, cooperatives and self-help groups which cater to the needs of 1.96 crore card holders.Also, with the prices of essential commodities spiralling in the open market, there was a spurt in the sale of rice and other essential commodities in the public distribution system outlets in recent months.At least one lakh additional card holders purchased rice from the PDS outlets in June, which pushed the rice offtake at PDS shops to 3.06 lakh tonnes. Similarly, the demand for PDS wheat and sugar too went up by about 700 tonnes each.Between the open market and PDS prices of sugar, there is a difference of Rs 26.5 per kg at present. While the PDS sugar is sold at Rs 13.5 per kg, it costs Rs 40 per kg in the open market. When PDS wheat is sold at Rs 7.5 per kg, it costs Rs 25 per kg in the open market.Civil supplies department officials said rice off-take has a tendency to peak when schools reopen after summer vacation. But this year, it could stay high even in the coming months because price of fine quality rice is around Rs 40 at present in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15360972", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel audio songs release on Aug 28", "text": "The shooting of Prabhas-starrer \"Rebel\" is progressing briskly in Hyderabad. The unit is currently filming a song on Prabhas at Annapurna seven acres studios, and the film completes its entire shooting part with this song.Producers of the film Bhagawan and Pulla Rao are planning to release Rebel audio songs on August 28. Raghava Lawrence, who is directing the film, is also composing the music after Thaman left the project. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are sharing screen space with Prabhas in this action entertainer, which is slated for September release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358267", "title": "DGP's 2nd home renovation may touch 10L", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when the dilapidated condition of the houses allotted to the cops at the police line requires immediate attention, a whopping Rs 10 lakh is expected to be spent on the renovation and repairing of the second house that DGP AC Sharma got allotted in his name at Mahanagar. This raises a question on the need of such expenditure, when a palatial bungalow has already been allotted to the DGP next to his office in Dalibagh.Though no one is ready to come on records on the issue, sources privy to the construction work, which is being undertaken at the DGP's Mahanagar house said that keeping in mind the palatial size of the bungalow, the renovation and repair work is expected not to cost less than Rs 10 lakh. This Mahanagar house was vacated by former DG Shailja Kant Misra two months ago, after his retirement.The expenditure on the second house seems to be wasteful, especially when the DGP's official bungalow at Dalibagh was renovated at a huge expense in March before Sharma moved in following his appointment by the SP government. The renovation cost of the DGP's official bungalow was somewhere between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2 lakh at that time, sources told TOI. \"Whitewashing of the DGP's official bungalow itself costs over Rs 60,000,\" he further added.However, at police lines, a cop preferring anonymity said that the condition of several of the houses in police lines is such that families of the policemen who generally include constables, head constables and sub-inspectors live in constant fear of house collapse, especially during rainy seasons. Several requests had been made to the reserve inspector to get these house renovated. However, paucity of funds is the only reply, which cops get, another cop told TOI.When questioned on the need for the second bungalow for the DGP, former DGP KL Gupta explained that keeping in mind the amount of the uncertainty attached to the appointment on such posts these days, the officers prefer to keep a second house as a future planning. Even the chief secretary keeps two houses, he further added. A senior police official agreeing to Gupta's reasoning said that in case the DGP is removed, he would have no problem in shifting to the second house, which he might have found it difficult to get, if he had wanted it after being removed as the DGP. With appointments to such posts purely on political affiliation these days, longevity of their stay on these posts is not guaranteed at all, the officer further added. \"To make it look right on the legality point, at the most, the officer concern should inform the government and pay the due rent of the house simultaneously,\" Gupta said. Reserve Police Lines in the city looks after the renovation and maintenance of these houses mostly situated adjacent to PAC headquarters.When contacted SSP, Lucknow, RK Chaturvedi feigned ignorance about the renovation work being undertaken at the DGP's house in Mahanagar and said, \"I am not aware of any such activity.\" reserve inspector Police Lines Rajkumar Gautam also feigned ignorance about the renovation work.However, BP Jogdand, assistant to DGP, who is an IG rank officer and also looks after allotment of police houses, said, \"There is nothing illegal in the renovation and repairing work at the house.\"However, it seems the top officials are not aware of the poor condition of houses in police lines, as Jogdand told TOI, \"Be it a house of a DGP or a constable, if it needs repairing, it is done and there is a proper budget and fund allocation for such renovation work.\" But, the wait of the cops and their families to get the houses at police lines renovated and repaired might continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15362520", "title": "Hologram plan for X Factor finale", "text": "Bosses on 'The X Factor' are planning to bring stars including and Elvis Presley, Amy Winehouse and Michael Jackson back to \"life\" as holograms on the show this year.The finalists of the reality show could have the chance to sing with dead pop legends in their most spectacular stunt to date.The audacious plan could even see stars who are alive take the stage in computer generated form, including Stevie Wonder.Senior executives are keen to use the idea after being blown away by Celine Dion's use of a piano playing hologram of the blind singer, 62, at her show.The Canadian, 44, also sang with a 3D hologram of Elvis on American Idol.\"The X Factor has to keep getting better so they are looking at holograms as a way of creating a splash,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"Imagine Elvis or Amy Winehouse at the grand final. It would be incredible TV and an amazing experience for contestants.\"The technology's there and has been used on several big stages. The X Factor final is perfect for something like this.\"It nearly happened last year after show boss Richard Holloway saw the Stevie Wonder hologram at Celine Dion ,\" the source added.X Factor chiefs want this year's show, which starts later this month, to be the biggest yet after the last series was criticised for its below-par acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15366263", "title": "Delhi's growth rate at an impressive 11 per cent: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notwithstanding the slowdown in the economy, Delhi achieved an impressive growth rate of 11 per cent in 2011-12 which is highest among all the states in the country, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said today.\"We could achieve the impressive growth rate due to the pro-active approach and people oriented policies of our government,\" she said.Dikshit was addressing a function after inaugurating the 102nd Jeevan center at Saket area of South Delhi. The Jevan Centres provide various services to the citizens under one roof.Delhi Assembly Speaker Yoganad Shastri was also present on the occasion.Officials in Finance department said the actual growth rate of Delhi in 2011-12 was 11.3 per cent noting that government was confident of maintaining around 11 per cent growth rate in the current fiscal despite downward forecast for the economy in general.Delhi's contribution to the GDP of the country was 3.8 per cent in 2011-12 while having 1.4 per cent share in total population of the country.The Delhi government has projected the economy of the city to grow at a rate of 11 to 11.5 per cent during the 12th Five Year Plan period.The growth rate of Delhi in the Eleventh Plan period was 11.46 per cent as compared to 7.9 per cent at the national level.The city government has already taken a number of steps including enhancing the tax collection mechanism and keeping the fiscal deficit under control to keep its financial position in a healthy state.In her speech, Dikshit said the national capital continues to be the centre of attraction for people from all the states as it has has enormous employment opportunities.\"The Jeevan centers have become lifeline of Delhi as they have been providing various facilities to the citizens like payment of various bills, obtaining application forms and giving details of various welfare schemes under one roof,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15364218", "title": "Uttar Pradesh to create road safety fund", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government is seriously contemplating to create a road safety fund. The fund will be used to improve the state of road safety measures. States like Tamil Nadu have a similar fund existing. The state has decided that the money received by the transport department as penalties and fines from people violating MV Rules will go to the road safety fund and not to the government treasury.The state, though, does not have the number of accidents as high as Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh , the number of people dying in road accidents in the state is the highest due to the lack of prompt medical care. Besides, the victims of road accidents also do not get any help from the other road-users, who fear helping the victim thinking it might put them into a legal trouble.The road safety fund will be used to create awareness and infrastructure to control accidents and to provide prompt medical care to the road accident victims thereby cutting down the number of deaths due to mishaps.The transport department has submitted a proposal to the government on the road safety fund. The decision on it might be taken in the next meeting of the road safety council. People dying in road accidents are mostly the two-wheeler rides, reason being that they do not wear helmets and sustain fatal injuries resulting in deaths.If sources in the transport department are to be believed, the department recovers an amount of about Rs 100 crore every year as fine and penalties from those flouting the MV rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15357993", "title": "Six steps to finding light in the darkness", "text": "Olympics be dammed, we are going for gold elsewhere. India became the first country ever in human history, which managed to send 600 million people hurtling into darkness. We are at the doorstep of an energy emergency and whatever we do here onwards will be too-little-too-late unless we manufacture political will and take bold steps to stave off the crisis, at least in the long run.At the heart of the problem are six major interconnected problems: first, there is a significant fuel supply risk with Coal India which is unable to meet the demand and yet holds power producers in a happy \"Stockholm Syndrome\" captivity. One stark example illustrates the magnitude of the problem: in March 2012, CIL was to deliver 53 rakes of coal to Reliance's Rosa plant, but it actually delivered one rake! Dipping into its inventory helped Reliance stave off a crisis, but it came down to 12 hours coal inventory. Second, India adds an Australia in terms of population each year, yet our environmental priorities in terms of elephant corridors and tiger corridors continue to supersede human well-being. We neither get a wholesome environment nor sufficient energy to meet human needs and fail on both fronts, and the patently illegal 'go-no-go' environment mechanism has locked in 40000 MW or about Rs 2 lakh crores of investors' money.Third, setting up a power plant involves 12 statutory and four non-statutory clearances, which takes about 5-7 years to complete. The uncertainty around it tosses every economic logic and calculation of any sane investor out of the window. Nowhere in the world does any investor work with such risk and uncertainty in the power sector as in India. Fourth, the cumulative debt of Indian power utilities is about $45 billion or almost 3% of India's GDP and that's humungous. About a decade ago, it stood at $4 bn when the Ahluwalia committee restructured the debt. We are now at 10X debt of where we were a decade ago. Till India keeps giving away free power to agriculture, but sweeps it under transmission and distribution losses in order to get half of it reimbursed by the government and doesn't have the political will to stop electricity theft, this number will keep rising. Just five states\u2014 J&K;, Haryana, UP, MP and Tamil Nadu \u2014 account for 80% of the cash losses of the utilities and for aggregate technical and commercial losses anywhere between 35% to a whopping 70%!Fifth, the power evacuation infrastructure and transmission systems need not just significant investments but also private sector management. Lastly, accurate measurement of power consumed, small but pre-announced tariff increases every year, feeder segregation and implementation of a genuine open access regime that allows at least the high-value customers to have a choice of power supplier to pick from are fundamental to any serious puissant reform. Today, thanks to pliable regulators who are largely lapdogs of the government in power \u2014 with some honorable exceptions\u2014 open access is scrupulously eschewed by fixing unrealistic surcharges, which make it impossible for the private sector to supply power.The government has taken some positive steps in the last few months with it pushing CIL to increase production and commit to higher than the current 65% commitment and hopefully with a higher penalty for non-delivery. Several states like Tamil Nadu, Delhi, MP, Punjab have increased their tariffs by anywhere from 12% to 37% which is a step in the right direction.Next, the government needs to take a hard call and prioritize between energy and environment. We can't let environmental precautionism be converted into environmental 'talibanism'. India's first priority must be taking care of the energy needs of its people, rather than taking care of sundry animals. Thus mining must be allowed and reforestation can be done, hand-in-hand, in other areas to make up for the lost cover. And the environmental priorities shaped and funded by European countries with declining populations, and their NGOs cannot be the appropriate solution for a growing population like India.Gujarat, which faced exactly the same energy crises 10 years ago that most other states face today, has done every one of the reforms mentioned above, filed over 100,000 FIRs against power thieves, segregated its feeders and today has 24x7 three-phase power supply to all its 18000 villages. Do we need to reinvent the wheel at all? Why can't other states simply emulate the Gujarat model and adapt it with minor modifications? Is it asking for too much of our leadership to simply cut-paste the universally applauded success story of Gujarat? Is it really?The author is an IAS officer. Views are personal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15359306", "title": "Nursing colleges will be graded", "text": "BANGALORE: Cracking the whip on nursing colleges, the state government has decided to grade them based on facilities they provide to help students know the good from the fake.Medical education minister SA Ramdas told reporters here on Saturday: \"All nursing colleges will be graded into three categories based on quality of education they provide. The government will take action against colleges found to be of low grade.\" The grading has begun in all districts, except Gulbarga and Bidar.The measure is after the government unearthed major scams in nursing and paramedical education. The minister cited a case in Bidar in 2011 where students from 36 educational institutions were involved in mass malpractice. \"When a re-exam was conducted, 166,994 and 522 students sat for it in first, second and third years. Of these, the number of students who passed were only 5, 11 and 2 respectively. In August 2011, none of the students in first and second year took up the exam. In the third year, three students appeared for the exam and none passed,\" he said.\"There is a mafia at work. They take a contract for Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh to get the students passed,\" he added.From now, exams will be conducted in neutral centres, which are colleges that have no connection with students who take the exam. These could be polytechnics and B Ed colleges. The question papers will continue to be sent online half an hour before the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15366967", "title": "Goons put fear among youth in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: The Morning Mist Home Stay attack on May 28 has left prominent citizens in the city shocked. But, fear psychosis has already set in among the youth.A telling comment of angst was made by Medha Alexander, a student of KMC during the meeting organized by concerned citizens under the banner 'Arise Mangalore.'. The real shame is that these crude men have already achieved what they set out to do. I am scared of them and the fear is real,'' she said. Medha says: My first thought when I saw the visuals was will that be me and my friends next time?Will my parents turn on the TV one evening to see me and my friends in the same position?'' She has more questions: Tomorrow will they attack the college canteen for boys and girls sitting together and easting food? Or if I walk with Rashid Khalifa, Gobinder Singh or Anthony Verghese will it earn me two slaps and sound thrashing for the boy?'' She fears that if this is allowed to continue the boundaries may expand when to the field of education and occupation. Today a girl is thrashed for talking to a boy. Tomorrow will it be for getting a seat in the professional college on merit or driving a car or playing competitive sports?''Asserting that none other than their parents and elders business to be deal with them, asks who gave the goons the authority to be 'guardians of morality'' and deliver punishment. The only way out, Medha presumes is for right minded citizens to publicly, lawfully and morally shun and ostracize the goons. Noting that the greatest centres of higher education have thrived because of free thinking, Medha urges the government to provide a safe environment which can help them grow as responsible and productive citizens, lest the unsafe environment outside the classroom will stymie them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15357954", "title": "Raj ATS sends team to Pune for blast probe", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) on Wednesday sent a team to Pune to gather intelligence on the terror strike at Jangli Maharaj Road there.\"We had planned to send a team to Pune keeping in view the similarities between the Jaipur serial blasts and the Pune blasts. A team has left for Pune and will return after analyzing the modus operandi of the terrorists,\" a senior officer said. The serial blasts in Jaipur on May 13, 2008 had claimed 71 lives and left about 150 others injured.ATS sources said there are striking similarities between the Jaipur serial blasts and Pune blasts including use of new bicycles and locally made timer watches. The sources also said as the name of Indian Mujahideen has come up as the possible terror organization behind the blasts, the Rajasthan ATS team will share information with their Pune counterparts.The sources further said new bicycles were used also in Jaipur serial blasts. \"These bicycles were bought from some shops in the Walled City. The bicycle shop owners are now prosecution witnesses in the ongoing trial against the terror suspects,\" the officer said.The officer added that four of the terror suspects, Shahdab, Khalid, Arif and Shajid Bhai, who were involved in Jaipur serial blasts are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15363847", "title": "Kohli rises to second position in ODI rankings", "text": "DUBAI: Virat Kohli achieved his career-best ranking as he gained one position to be at second spot in the latest ICC Player Rankings for ODI batsmen, which was released on Sunday.Kohli, who entered the India-Sri Lanka five-match ODI series as the third-ranked batsman, climbed to no. 2 following his player-of-the-series performance, in which he scored 296 runs.The former India Under-19 captain, who led his side to victory in the ICC U19 Cricket World Cup 2008 in Malaysia , also achieved a career-best rating of 866 after the fourth ODI, in which he scored 128 not out in India's six-wicket victory.Kohli now trails South Africa's Hashim Amla by 13 ratings points and can potentially top the batting chart if the Proteas opener fails to perform in the five-ODI series against England, starting on August 24 in Cardiff .Indian opener Gautam Gambhir has also broken into the top 10, which means India now has three batsmen inside the top 10 with skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni sitting in fifth position.Gambhir scored 258 runs in the series and has been rewarded with a jump of seven places, which has put him in 10th position.Other Indian batsmen, who climbed up the order include Virender Sehwag in 26th (up by one) and Suresh Raina in 30th (up by two), while Rohit Sharma has slipped eight places to be at 54th.There is no movement in the top 20 of the ICC Player Rankings for ODI bowlers.In the ICC ODI Championship table, India's 4-1 victory has helped them move up the ranking.Mahendra Singh Dhoni's men now sit in second place when ratings points are calculated to within the decimal point, despite being on equal points with Australia.The annual ICC ODI Championship update will now take place. The exact table after the annual update will be confirmed on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15364197", "title": "Beware of leg attack: Medical expert", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While walking or exercising , if the legs hurt, many of us think its due to fatigue but it may be a leg attack deep under the skin that is not visible with normal eye. While sharing these views on World Vascular Day that falls on Monday, Dr Ajay Yadav, Vascular &amp; Endovascular Surgeon says , lack of awareness about signs &amp; symptoms delays timely medical attention to peripheral vascular disease (PVD) that ultimately may lead to amputation and even death. As per a report 98% of cases remain undiagnosed because of unawareness.\"The short supply of blood because of blockage in arteries leads to pain or cramps in legs while walking or exercising. This is known as PVD and awareness about risk factors that leads to narrowing or blocking of arteries can help prevent or treat it early.Dr Yadav further says studies have reported that PVD prevelance is around 10% among Indians , and especially in 40 years and above. With diabetes and heart disease rising sharply , the PVD spread is expected to peak in Indians. A large study predicts 65 lakh cases of PVD per year In India , much more than comparative regions like China , Taiwan and South Korea.If there is pain , weakness , numbness or cramping in the leg that goes away after 3 to 5 minutes of rest , it is a sign of PVD. Other symptoms are non healing ulcer or gangrene. In case of any symptoms medical attention and investigation is suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15357462", "title": "Tempo knocks down athlete in Navi Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An 22-year-old athlete, Neelam Kadam (22), and two others were injured after being hit by a tempo while they were jogging in Uran on Friday morning.Neelam brother's, Mayur (20) and her friend, Punam Mali (14), were also hurt in the mishap on the Uran-Panvel Road. where the rashly driven tempo hit them from front.The driver, Arun Thokle, has been arrested. Neelam came second in the women's open category of the Mumbai Marathon in 2009, in known as the 'PT Usha of Uran' because of her running feats. She has also won several marathon competitions in Raigad and Pune districts in the last 10 years.All the three injured runners have been shifted to Gandhi Hospital in Panvel, where they are now said to be stable.Neelam has received head and back injuries, with 22 cross stitches while her brother Mayur has mainly facial and head injuries. Their friend Punam has fractured her leg.Neelam has been practicing her running on this road regularly every morning and evening. The locals have often complained to the police about the rash driving of heavy vehicles and containers in this area. However nothing has been done, and now a promising athlete has been injured,'' said a resident of Uran township, Kiran Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15357685", "title": "Retired colonel arrested for fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Civil Lines police have busted a foreign jobs racket involving a retired colonel. The gang allegedly duped 28 job-seekers from Delhi by promising them skilled and semi-skilled jobs in Korea, Germany and Malaysia seven years ago.Retired colonel David Daniel, chairman of a school in Almorah, has been arrested.The probe began when one Shaji Narayan from Kingsway Camp complained that Colonel Daniel published an advertisement in some leading newspapers inviting overseas job aspirants.Three of the accused, Daniel, Anil Massih and Justin Fernandez, asked the complainant to send his bio data to the residence of Daniel at Almorah. In October 2005, he sent the details by Speed Post.The accused organized an interview in Delhi in March 2006. They took Rs 50,000 as advance from the complainant and other victims and asked them to wait for their visa.In July 2006, the accused called the complainant and other applicants to a hotel in Karol Bagh and took another round of interviews and a fee of Rs 2 lakh each for preparing some labour contracts. After that they disappeared and could not be contacted.\"We found that Daniel was again using the same phone that he had used while placing the advertisements,'' said DCP (north) Sindhu Pillai. Labour contract forms were recovered from the accused. Daniel is being questioned and Massih and Fernandez are likely to be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15364841", "title": "Jundal questioned about Bhatkal brothers, terror suspects in German bakery case", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch of Mumbai police are interrogating terror suspect, Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, about the Bhatkal brothers Riyaz and Iqbal who are hiding in Pakistan. Jundal told the interrogator that Bhatkal brothers are in Pakistan but he doesn't know much about them.The Bhatkal brothers are involved in several serial blasts across the country and had fled to Pakistan in 2009. The crime branch and central agencies are interrogating Jundal about the Bhatkals.Riyaz, is a founder member of Indian Mujahideen (IM), involved in most of the planning for the Indian Mujahideen. Prominent among blasts for which the IM is blamed are the ones in Ahmedabad and at the German Bakery in Pune.An officer said that though Jundal is associated with the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and the Bhatkals are the brains behind most IM operations, officials say Jundal could provide them specific and authentic information about Bhatkal brothers.The officers believe that Bhatkal brothers had created new identities and are hiding in Pakistan. An officer said, \"Some time back, Iqbal Bhatkal, had shifted to Sharjah, but he found it risky to stay there and returned to Karachi.\" Pakistan authority has always denied the presence of Bhatkal brothers in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "akron", "code": "15362957", "title": "Jeev shoots 71 lies 63rd at WGC golf", "text": "AKRON: Jeev Milkha Singh carded a 71, his best this week, to be place tied 63rd after 54 holes at the WGC Bridgestone Invitational golf.The Indian ace is now eight-over through three rounds and has been struggling at the tough Firestone course, which has been firm, fast and bouncy.Jeev had rounds of 73 and 74 on first two days. In the third round, he had three birdies and four bogeys.Meanwhile, Jim Furyk continued to the be frontrunner but he missed a couple of birdie chances early in the third round. But he was more than happy to settle for pars. He made 16 pars, along with one birdie on the front nine and one bogey on the back nine, for an even-par 70.The scoreboard shows him with a one-shot lead over Louis Oosthuizen , who had a 68.Rory McIlroy , with an outside chance of returning to No. 1 in the world if he were to win, had a 67 and joined Steve Stricker (68) at 6-under 204, five shots behind.Top-ranked Luke Donald also was chipping away, as he often does, until he hit a tree on the last for a bogey for a 71, falling seven shots back.Tiger Woods broke par for the first time all week, though his 68 left him 11 shots behind on a Firestone course where he has won seven times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15361837", "title": "Bombay HC admits petitions by members of hotels and restaurants association", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief for hotel and restaurant owners, the Bombay High Court has admitted three petitions filed by members of hotels and restaurants association of western India (HRAWI) requesting quashing of first information reports (FIRs) filed against them by the agents of broadcasters.The said FIRs were filed by the agent firm on behalf of various broadcasters on the ground that the cable operator supplying feed to the members were not authorized. Interestingly, the relief has come during the Olympic event being held in London.Significantly one of the FIRs filed against a 3-star hotel has also been stayed by a separate order wherein the court has categorically observed that there could be no offence committed by hotels in the event of -- a) the cable operator being unauthorized b) no permission obtained from channel directly and c) the telecom regulatory authority of India (TRAI) notification relating to Tariff for Hotels above 3-star category notwithstanding.Police authorities have been directed not to proceed in the matter and steps taken by the police have been stayed, informed Pradeep Shetty of the HRAWI's legal sub-committee. Interestingly, such a fees is payable to broadcasters by the hospitality installations which is advertising special screening of TV channel programmes along with refreshments.Hoteliers allege that broadcasters in order to realize their unspecified tariff charges resort to filing of FIRs against hotels for infringement of copyright alleging that the Local Cable Operators (LCOs) supplying feed to the hotels are unauthorized. Whereas the fact being that none of the broadcasters have till date notified their list of authorized cable operators across the Country. In any event, hoteliers pay subscription charges to Cable operators.This order vindicates the stand taken by HRAWI that the hotels or restaurants exhibit broadcasters' products only as an amenity for no extra charges and hence copyright infringement offence does not arise at all.This principle has been laid down by the Supreme Court in its judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15356809", "title": "Cops' wives rise against hubbies' boss", "text": "HYDERABAD: Spouses and children of constables of the Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP) VIII Battalion, Kondapur, on Saturday revolted against commandant K Ramesh Naidu, alleging that he was forcing police personnel slog in the interiors areas for days together by not even allowing them to take leave.Though the families of APSP constables had been staging protest for the last few days, it turned intense on Saturday with some constables along with their family members thrashing a videographer for recording the agitators. Madhapur inspector Srinath Reddy and other policemen intervened and saved the videographer after pacifying the protestors.The agitators claimed that they had to raise the banner of revolt since a VIII Battalion constable Phani Kumar, who was sent to Rampachodavaram in East Godavari, died of health problems while performing duty. He was reportedly denied leave despite informing his higher-ups that he was unwell. \"We have been facing this problem of not seeing our husbands for days together. They are being sent to remote places where even mobile phones do not work. In the last six months, ever since Ramesh Naidu became commandant, our spouses are denied of the mandatory leave,'' Jaya, whose husband returned recently, told STOI.She along with others said that their families too would meet the same fate as that of Phani Kumar's if senior officials do not intervene. They claimed that the body of Phani Kumar, who hailed from Chittoor district, was sent to his native place directly from Rampachodavaram and his wife and others had to go to Chittoor to pay their last respects.Meanwhile, APSP inspector-general AB Venkateshwar Rao rushed to Kondapur and tried to pacify the agitators saying that APSP was a disciplined force.\"There is a clear policy in APSP when it comes to how many leaves a constable can take in a month. In case there are any irregularities, we will rectify it. A new system has been created wherein a constable who works for 40 days, can stay at headquarters for 20 days,'' Venkateshwar Rao said.However, the agitators alleged that it was Venkateshwar Rao who was responsible for the existing system. Senior APSP officers held discussions with the agitators to resolve the issue. Though the talks continued for several hours, they ended inconclusively. \"We have assured the agitators that talks will resume at 11 am on Sunday and their grievances will be heard before they are redressed,'' Venkateshwar Rao told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15363078", "title": "Pawan Kalyan shooting for climax scenes", "text": "The shooting of power star Pawan Kalyan's upcoming movie Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu is progressing rapidly in Hyderabad. Director Puri Jagannath is currently filming action sequences on Pawan Kalyan and others at Alluminium factory in Hyderabad.Production sources further say that these action episodes in the night effect will be shown before interval bang in the film. The unit will canned these scenes for another couple of days before commencing the song shoot.Tamannah is playing the love interest of Pawan Kalyan in the movie. Pawan is playing the role of TV Reporter and Tamannah is his cameraman. Puri Jagannath is directing the movie while DVV Danayya is producing it under Universal movies banner. Mani Sharma is rendering music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15358231", "title": "Friends cherish moments, gifts to add flavour", "text": "LUCKNOW: From flower baskets and fancy friendship bands to attractive apparels and specially designed mugs for friends, the choice of gifts seems to be endless. In addition to this, there are regular gift items such as cards, trendy collection of footwear and dresses. Interestingly friendship bands, chocolates and cakes have also made it to the list of gift items.Many shops in the city are seen decorated and are offering discounts on this special day. For people who love to shop online, a popular shopping portal has come with affordable range of gift items starting from rupees 80. \"In the last three days, I have sold more than 300 varieties of gifts,\" said Rohit Verma, owner of online shopping portal. Sumit Gupta, a manager of the prominent store said, \"We have 30% flat discounts on apparels.\" Anuja Shukla, a BSc student says, \"Friends are like diamonds and for my best friend, I am planning to gift her flowers, cakes and cards.\"Another store in the city has come up with different varieties of gifts, chocolates and cakes. \"This year we have a special card. It carries 10 pieces of note sheets, 4 pieces of magnet, 1 piece of bracelet and 1 special card. We also have special pillow with a quotation written on it,\" said Amit Srivastava, manager of a gift store. \"I have different types of cakes which are dedicated to friends. On this occasion sales shoot up to 50% more than the normal days,\" said Arvind Singh Kohli, a bakery owner. Richa Gupta, a class XII student said, \"My mom is my best friend, so I am planning to gift her jewellery and flowers.\"People too eagerly wait for the day, as Anita Kapoor (56) and her childhood friend Nivedita Sinha (55) have never missed the occasion of celebrating the day even after 35 years of their friendship. They believe that friendship is a bond that can transcend all sorts of disparities and differences to make life beautiful for those who share it.\"We were famous in our school and college days. Our college mates used to cite our strong bond. We both have been in constant touch for the last 35 years. After so many years, our bond has strengthened even more,\" said Anita. Nivedita adds, \"I was so attached to her that if she was absent during school days, I used to get upset. Our friendship means a lot to us. I remember those old days when we use to share our tiffins, secrets and had little fights. Remembering those days brings a smile on my face and brightens my day. What gives me more happiness is that our kids are also great friends.\"Similar is the story of Satish Kumar (63) and his friend Udeshya Kumar Ahuja (63), whose friendship dates back to 50 years.\"From sharing secrets during school days to bunking classes to watch movies, to playing pranks on others, we have enjoyed a lot in our college days. During tough times we have stood beside each other. He is just like a family member, an integral part of my life,\" said Satish Kumar, a retired officer.Old buddies Tarun Srivastava, Neeraj Parwani and Kailash Chauhan have cherished their 36 years of friendship. Living in three different cities, they have always been in contact and on every friendship's day they make it a point to meet and have a gala time with each other, remembering their good old days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15363704", "title": "Founding VC Ahluwalia seeks to puncture SGPC president Makkar's claims", "text": "JALANDHAR: With SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar and founding vice chancellor of SGPC funded Sri Guru Granth Sahib University Dr Jasbir Singh Ahluwalia, now suspended, trading charges latter has said that Makkar was adapting diversionary tactics by raking up the issue of UGC recognition.Makkar while justifying Ahluwalia's suspension had accused him for not having obtained sanction of the UGC to run the University. However Ahluwalia said that no such sanction was required neither under the UGC Act 1956 nor under the UGC Guidelines of 2003 issued by UGC for private universities under State Acts.\"Still as a matter of precaution the degrees of the university were intimated to the UGC, under my order, by Dr SS Virdi, Dean Academic Affairs wide his letter sent on March 2011. The UGC in its letter of July 26, 2011 communicated that this University was empowered to grant degrees at the main campus at Fatehgarh Sahib but if off Campus centers are started then UGC approval will be required,\" Ahluwalia said.\"This university has started degree courses only at the main campus. The UGC in its above letter to the University noted the establishment of this university under the State Act as empowered to grant degrees. But raising this issue of UGC approval, Makkar is using diversionary tactics in search of so called irregularities on my part. For this purpose he has ordered, without power, to do so, special Audit of the University Accounts since 2004 forgetting that annual audit of the university Accounts are already done by a Charted Accountant firm of Chandigarh which is not under the Vice Chancellor,\" he pointed out.\"Every year the Audit report of the University is sent to the SGPC and the SGPC has raised no objection to any of the Audit reports. Once having ordered my suspension, Makkar is desperately trying to justify the same by getting at sustainable charges against me which are not at all mentioned in my suspension order. He forgets that construction works of the University are approved by the SAPL Bangalore - the Architectural firm - , and also by the Syndicate and the Trust Meetings,\" he said.Earlier Makkar and Ahluwalia had accused each of irregularities in recruitment and latter had even dared Makkar to have a CBI probe on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15351632", "title": "So why is today Friendship Day?", "text": "A brief and glowing history of the ancient and time-honoured tradition of Friendship Day.Once, it was said by someone - a sceptic, no doubt, in a moment of misplaced misanthropy - that men should celebrate Friendship Day with dogs, and girls with diamonds. Someone else - a believer, no doubt - said, oh come on, people just made up that crap to sell dogs and diamonds - in complete contrast to Friendship Day, no doubt.But have you ever wondered when and why this unifying tradition originated? This is the story and the traditions of this universal festival.The mythological version It was actually, according to the chronicles of yore on Wikipedia, born of the deep friendship between a man and his money. According to this story, Joyce Hall, an American who'd made his mark in greeting cards, identified the second Sunday of August as \"the centre of the largest lull between holiday celebrations\" - which means he missed his friend, the accountant, and wanted a reason to celebrate with him. \"Friendship Day was promoted by the greeting card National Association during the 1920s,\" continues the story, \"but met with consumer resistance - given that it was rather too obviously a commercial gimmick to promote greeting cards.\" So the lesson that people didn't take away from this exercise, as the story seems to suggest, was that if you had friends, you should buy them things on one given day to tell them you love them.However, historical manipulation is common. Another, far more friendly, version says, \"Considering the valuable role friends play in our life, it was deemed fit to have a day dedicated to friends and friendship. The United States Congress, in 1935, proclaimed the first Sunday of August as the National Friendship Day.\" This version, which has fortunately survived on www.friendshipday.org, adds, \"Since then, celebration of National Friendship Day became an annual event. The idea of honouring the beautiful relationship of friendship caught on with the people and soon it became a hugely popular festival.\" And for those who think the first one is true, tumhari hamari katti.In the modern world Naysayers say the tradition fizzled out in the US, and there is no evidence it ever warmed the European heart. But those guys were never big on friendship anyway - look at their World Wars and their football.A few years after the US, the tradition was revived in Paraguay, where no one knew Joyce Hall or commercial gimmicks. \"The idea of a World Friendship Day was first proposed on 20 July 1958 by Dr Artemio Bracho during a dinner with friends in Puerto Pinasco, a town on the River Paraguay about 200 miles north of Asuncion, Paraguay,\" recounts the website. \"Out of this humble meeting of friends, the World Friendship Crusade was born. It is a foundation that promotes friendship among all humans, regardless of race, colour or religion. Since then, July 30 has been celebrated as Friendship Day in Paraguay and has been adopted by several other countries.\"Even the UN thought there was something - or maybe the World Friendship Crusade sold it to them as a means of conflict resolution , like friendship bands - \"on 27th July 2011 the General Assembly of the United Nations designated July 30 as the International Day of Friendship.\" But just so nothing comes in between friends, even work, everyone decided the first Sunday of August would be Friendship Day. In fact, in 1998, Nane Annan , wife of (then) UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan , named Winnie the Pooh as the world's Ambassador of Friendship.The benefits of Friendship Day You'll always have friends na, obviously! The side benefits include a degree of immunity against economic crises, according to empirical data. \"It (Friendship Day) has been kept alive and revitalised in Asia, where several countries adopted the tradition of dedicating a day to friends. Today, Friendship Day is enthusiastically celebrated in a number of countries across the world,\" including many South American ones too, so there. Additionally, \"friendship bands are very popular in India, Nepal , Bangladesh and parts of South America,\" Wikipedia adds, and that helps support small-scale industries. And if there were ever doubts to begin with regarding whether Friendship Day is to be celebrated in India, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai resolved them for us. That scene, where Shah Rukh Khan flirtatiously hands over a friendship band to Rani Mukherjee on Friendship Day, kind of made the whole thing official for us. Thereon the friendship bands became cool (just like the letters in the neckless hanging off SRK's neck) and the symbol of friendship.What to do on Friendship Day Customs vary across countries and cultures, but believers worldwide are able to give their sceptic friends hell for not making the effort even on a Sunday ya! Various cultural indicators can offer you advice on what to do if you're Edward Scissorhands or Frankenstein, and completely alien to human customs. Get a load of this sh... shockingly handy tips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15358524", "title": "Govt committed to raise education standard in state: P K Shahi", "text": "PATNA: The state government has reiterated its commitment to improve the standard of education in Bihar by allocating 35% of the first supplementary budget's plan outlay to this sector, said education minister P K Shahi.In the Rs 9,672.63 crore supplementary budget tabled in the assembly on Thursday, Rs 6,722.48 crore has been earmarked for the state plan. Out of Rs 6,722.48 crore, a handsome Rs 2,332 crore, approximately 35% of the plan size, has been earmarked for the schemes in education sector. Besides launching a new scheme for providing scholarship exclusively to the students hailing from extremely backward classes (EBCs), the Nitish government has also upgraded two continuing schemes of school education to ensure that more students benefit from the state government's welfare programmes, Shahi told TOI.Out of Rs 2,332 crore earmarked for education sector, the Sarva Shikha Abhiyan got Rs 800 crore, the highest in the sector. The second highest amount of Rs 742 crore goes to the Mukhyamantri Extremely Backward Classes (EBCs) Merit Scholarship Scheme. \"It's a new scheme meant only for the meritorious students belonging to the EBCs. Initially, it will be implemented among the students studying in primary schools. Later, it may be extended up to secondary level,\" Shahi said. The government had announced a few months back that all students belonging to EBCs would get scholarship. This scheme is the outcome of that announcement, he said.Further, the government, in the supplementary budget, has allotted Rs 345 crore for two more new schemes. Rs 220 crore has been allocated to the Mukhyamantri Shatabdi Balika Poshak Yojna while Rs 125 crore will go to the Mahadalit Akshar Anchal Yojna. \"Though the nomenclature of the two schemes is new, they are actually old schemes. In fact, both are modified version of the continuing Akshar Anchal Yojna and the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna,\" Shahi said.He said both schemes would now be implemented with certain modifications in their old patterns. But the minister couldn't explain why separate allocations had been made for the old Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojna and the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna when it had been modified and only nomenclature had been changed.As per the details of the supplementary budget provided by the finance department , Rs 130 crore has been earmarked for the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojna and Rs 70 crore for the Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojna. Besides, Rs 220 crore has been allotted for the Mukhyamantri Shatabdi Poshak Yojna. Now, the government has three types of school uniform schemes.In the budget, the government has also allotted Rs 125 crore for the mid-day meal in schools, Rs 100 crore for acquisition of land for the upcoming Central University at Motihari and Rs 20 crore for Bihar Veterinary Science and Technology University.Besides the state plan allocation, Rs 128.13 crore has been earmarked for the central plan schemes. Of the Rs 128.13 crore, a huge amount of Rs 123 crore has been earmarked for opening of new polytechnics and upgrade of the existing polytechnics in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-05"}
