{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408895", "title": "New fire stations at Patto, other towns planned", "text": "PANAJI: The government has approved an outpost fire station at Patto Plaza, Panaji, but the land is still to be made available by the Goa economic development corporation , according to the Goa economic survey 2011-12.The new Patto Plaza outpost is expected to reduce response time in case of fire and emergency incidents in the Panaji area which has a large number of high-rise buildings.Also, land for a new fire station at Bicholim has already been identified and approved by the government which is also looking for suitable land for the construction of modern fire stations at Canacona, Pernem and Valpoi, according to the Goa economic survey 2011-12.When new fire stations at these last three towns become a reality, the existing fire stations which are functioning in make-shift arrangements will then be shifted to permanent ones.Besides, a new building for the Curchorem fire station, which is presently operating from the police station,is under construction, which is slated to be completed in the year 2012-13.The state presently has 14 functional fire stations at Panaji, Vasco, Pernem, Mapusa, Pilerne, Ponda, Kundaim, Old Goa, Bicholim, Valpoi, Margao, Verna, Curchorem and Canacona. There is also one logistic support fire station at state level at the fire force headquarters, Panaji.Construction of a modern fire station at Curchorem has been taken up and is being implemented through the Goa state infrastructure development corporation. The land for the fire station building at Bicholim was identified and approval in principal has been obtained for acquisition of land and related work is in progress.During the period of January to October 2011, the fire and emergency services have collectively attended 1,904 fire calls and 2,162 emergency calls, during which 106 human lives and 219 animals were saved. Property worth 86.64 crore was saved or salvaged due to timely action of the fire personnel.During the period from April to October 2011, an amount of 9.23 lakh has been remitted to the government treasury towards training charges. In all, 1,713 fire prevention inspections have been conducted during the year and an amount of 22.07 lakh towards license fee has been credited, the economic survey states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408331", "title": "Mother, child continue to die untimely", "text": "KANPUR: After making several efforts to decrease maternal and infant mortality rates in the region, no perfect result has been achieved till now. Also, according to the recent health survey of Kanpur (urban and rural), the maternal deaths and infant mortality rate have even increased. The health department undertakes annual health surveys and a copy of the same is with the TOI. There are also guidelines as per which the health and longevity of life of mother and child are adjudged.\"Increasing maternal, infant and prenatal mortality rates are a grave problem for the district. Even after adopting various measures to curb the same under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), the efforts are not stabilising the same,\" said Dr PN Bajpai, NRHM in-charge of the district.He also add that problems of under-nutrition in pregnant women that is accountable for the high maternal, infant and prenatal mortality rates is high both in urban and rural Kanpur. There are around 250 to 300 maternal deaths in the district every year. \"Measures are being taken to provide more health facilities, still local awareness is the key factor to curb this fatal cause of deaths,\" added Dr Bajpai.Anemia and Hepatitis E have emerged as one of the prime reasons for the recent maternal deaths in the district apart from hemorrhage. In the city, women died either during or after delivery due to severe anaemia, while most of the deaths in rural areas were due to poor level of institutional deliveries. Also, besides anaemia, hepatitis B and infection-related illnesses claimed turned out to be the next big killers.As per the data provided by the district health authorities, more then 150 pregnant women died in the region, before or after delivery in the past few months. The number of maternal deaths in the district (rural areas) in the month of February 2012 was nine, out of which five deaths were detected due to mother being severely anaemic. While, the other maternal deaths were reported due to brain hemorrhage and heart attacks.The number of maternal deaths in January 2012 was 12, out of which seven were due to anaemia and hypersensitive disorder and MDR were the other reasons of maternal deaths. The death of pregnant women in November and December 2011 were 11 and eight respectively, anaemia took nine and four lives respectively. Brain hemorrhage and hypersensitive disorders remained another prime reason for maternal deaths here as well. The death of mothers in October-2011 was 10 among which nine were anaemic.This data was only of Kanpur's rural areas which was generated from the delivery data of as many as 10 community health centres (CHCs) and public health centres (PHCs) of the district. The number of deaths in Kanpur's urban areas was not provided by the health authorities in a monthly plan format.According to the authorities of two biggest district women's hospitals (Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha Baccha Hospital and AHM-Duffering Hospital, around four to six deaths occur every month in both admitted and referral cases. The most vulnerable is the percentage of infants and children up to the age of five year who are severely anaemic in both urban and rural areas.According the recent health survey in district primary schools, more than 40% children in pre-school age of 0-five years are suffering from anaemia in the region. \"Anaemia is estimated to contribute to more than 1.15 lakh maternal deaths and 5.91 lakh prenatal deaths globally per year. Asia and Africa account for more than 85% of the absolute anaemia burden in high-risk groups, among which India is continuously topping the chars in maternal deaths all across the world,\" said Dr Kiran Pandey, senior gynecologist at Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha Baccha Hospital.According to her, hormonal changes in pregnant women bring about immunity problems. They become more vulnerable to diseases than other people leading to the complications during deliveries.Ratio of maternal deaths in the regionIt is important to mention here that maternal mortality is the deaths of pregnant women in any particular region. Infant mortality rate is referred to as death of children less than one year of age. The neonatal death is the death of a new borne under one month of his/her birth and prenatal mortality or still birth are referred to child who die before delivery.Talking to TOI, an official of district health department informed that according to the guidelines of worldwide medical fraternity, life expectancy in an average healthy country should be of 75 years, while the infant mortality rate should be 12 per 1,000 live births and maternal mortality rate should be 95 per 1,00,000 live births.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408311", "title": "\u2018Number of bariatric surgeries increasing\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: The mega event of 30th IMA CGP refresher course concludes with topics like 'newer surgical options for diabetes and obesity', 'vitamin D and adult health' and 'secrets of nephrology' on Sunday.Padamshree Dr Predeep Chaubey, laproscopic surgeon from New Delhi, talked about newer surgical options for diabetes and obesity. He informed that a whopping number of 2-2.5 million people were suffering from obesity in India. According to the studies, obesity is a major cause of mortality in our country as well.\"Obesity is a metabolic disease which damages the body by its physiological, metabolic and mechanical adverse effects. The cumulative effect is a shorter lifespan and with a poor quality of life. An obese individual is much more susceptible to diseases like diabetes, hypertension, osteoarthritis and obstructive sleep apnoea,\" he added.The expert while elaborating the methods for treating obesity said treatment modes included behaviour modification, physical activity, non clinical weight management programs. Medically managed weight-loss and surgical treatment are also in demand these days, among which bariatric surgery is the most effective long-term treatment for obesity.\"The number of bariatric surgeries being performed today in India is increasing. It could be said that in years to come, a vast number of people would be fighting the battle against the bulge,\" said the expert further.Talking on the topic of vitamin D and adult health, Dr Ambrish Mithal, expert of endocrinology and diabetes from Gurgaon, informed that vitamin D-3 was a fat-soluble vitamin that is naturally present in very few foods. It is produced endogenously when skin is exposed to ultraviolet rays of sun.\"Vitamin D plays a definitive role in the normal growth and upkeep of our body and the quality of our bones. This is essential for the normal growth and maintenance of bone. Many studies suggest that vitamin D may provide protection from hypertension (high blood pressure), cancer, and several autoimmune diseases. This also contributes in growing number of important chronic diseases including osteoporosis, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancers, and autoimmune diseases as well as infections,\" added Dr Ambrish further.However, in India, where sunshine is abundant, vitamin D deficiency is a growing concern among urban Indians. Studies have found that 60-80% of urban adults have less than 20 ng/ml of 25(OH)D in their blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410022", "title": "In Kota, parents pull out \u2018erring\u2019 kids on cop report", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan police is not only catching criminals, but also bringing to 'book' those students who are not mugging up enough to clear medical and engineering entrance exams at Kota - one of best coaching hubs in the country.At least six students were pulled out of their coaching institutes by their parents over the past three months after local police informed them about their children's disinterest in studies. These students were regularly bunking classes and apparently wasting their parents' hard-earned money. The unique initiative , in which the Kota police started writing to the parents of those students who are found regularly absent from coaching classes, is bearing fruits.As the police are playing the role of a 'big brother' to over 90,000 students, the fear of k h a k i seems to be working well. In fact, parents of nearly 50 students rushed to Kota from various parts of the country when they heard from the police about their children's poor performance at the coaching institutes. These parents forced their children to have counseling with coaching teachers, career counselors and police to get them straight.Parents pull out six students from coaching institutes in Kota after cops tell them about their disinterest in studies. Nearly 50 parents rushed to Kota after getting reports from police about their children's poor performance Special attention is given to those students who fell in bad company and got involved in petty crimes Student welfare officers deployed in nearly six police stations areas Helpline set up for girl students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12408353", "title": "FIR against BJP MLA for flouting notification", "text": "VADODARA: Police have registered offence against BJP MLA Upendrasinh Gohil and other leaders from his party for flouting police commissioner's notification. On Saturday, Gohil along with former BJP MLA Dilubha Chudasama and others gathered at Undera circle in the outskirts of the city to protest against Congress. Gohil and others were upset with the opposition party that was raking up the issue of two BJP MLAs allegedly watching porn in assembly despite the FSL tests giving the duo clean chit.The BJP leaders gathered to demonstrate and later burnt effigy of Congress party near the circle. Jawaharnagar police immediately swung into action and stopped the demonstrations. A police complaint was later lodged against all the demonstrators. tnnDespite FSL giving clean chit to BJP MLAs Jetha Bharwad and Shankar Chaudhary, Congress continued criticizing the BJP-led state government and claimed that BJP was trying to cover up the episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12408605", "title": "Explain Intelligence Bureau's legality, HC tells Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: Responding to a PIL filed by a retired Intelligence Bureau (IB) officer pointing at the complete absence of constitutional or statutory sanction for the agency, the Karnataka high court last week sought an explanation from the Centre, giving it time until March 30 to issue an executive order justifying IB's existence.The IB was formed on December 23, 1887, by the then British secretary of state as a sub-sect of the Central Special Branch. \"It has remained like a ghost, without a statute, all these 125 years,\" said the PIL filed by Mysore-based R N Kulkarni, who joined the IB in 1963 and retired in 1998 as its joint assistant director.Kulkarni further told the court that despite being a vital arm of national intelligence and security, all that the IB has to explain for its evolution over the past 125 years is the British order issued in 1887. Neither the Indian Independence nor the adoption of a Constitution nor even regulatory statutes for Central police organizations like the CRPF and CISF ever accorded any legal status to the IB, which exists in a constitutional vacuum.In its response, the Centre said the IB is a civilian organization which does not enjoy police powers. It also admitted that on May 21, 2001, a group of ministers had acknowledged that IB did not have a formal charter, although an attempt was made to define its functioning.Taking note of the absence of a legislation to regulate the IB, the court asked the Centre to issue an executive order defining the powers, functions and duties of IB officers immediately. Otherwise, the bench headed by the chief justice cautioned, that the court would be constrained to constitute a committee to go into the issue and submit a report.\"How can the IB, established under an administrative order without any constitutional or statutory identity even after the commencement of the Constitution in 1950, be permitted to function as an apex national security apparatus,\" questioned Kulkarni's PIL. This extra-constitutional status infringes upon the rights of citizens as well as those serving in the IB, the PIL added.The closest that the IB ever came to have a rule was in 1985 when Parliament enacted the Intelligence Organizations (Restriction of Rights) But Parliament failed to legislate for IB's establishment, regulation, discipline, control or operations, the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "12412204", "title": "iPad naming row: China's new trademark law may hurt Apple", "text": "HONG KONG: China is proposing improvements to its 30-year-old trademark law that help household names from abroad better protect their rights. Apple Inc, in its dispute over the iPad name, might be better off without the reforms.Government proposals for tackling \"the rampant problem of trademark squatting\" include doubling the maximum damages for infringers to 1 million yuan ($158,539). Since a court already ruled that Apple doesn't own the iPad name in China, the company would be on the wrong side of the sanctions, said Caroline Berube, an intellectual property lawyer in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou.Apple's appeal that it, and not Hong Kong-listed display maker Proview International Holdings Ltd, owns the iPad name in China will hinge on contract law rather than trademark law.The Apple case \"is another example of why multinationals need to do their diligence and tread cautiously in China as domestic companies have become much more savvy about protecting and exploiting IP rights,\" Steve Rizzi, a New York-based attorney and former head of China for Foley &amp; Lardner, said in an email.Apple's appeal that it, and not Hong Kong-listed display maker Proview International Holdings Ltd, owns the iPad name in China will hinge on contract law rather than trademark law, the lawyers said. A decision from a Guangzhou court is due by the end of May, and the new trademark law won't be voted on until next year's national legislature at the earliest, said Berube, of HJM Asia Law &amp; Co.'Never knowingly'Apple, which won a lawsuit against Shenzhen-based New Apple Concept Daily Technology Co. in 2008 for using an apple in its logo, started its legal battle with Proview in 2010, the same year it introduced the iPad tablet. A court in Shenzhen, across the border from Hong Kong, ruled against Apple last year, saying the purchase agreement for the trademarks featured the wrong Proview unit.\"As a company that generates a lot of intellectual property we would never knowingly abuse someone else's trademarks,\" Carolyn Wu, Apple's Beijing-based spokeswoman, said in a statement. She declined to comment on the proposed laws and how they would have affected the iPad case. The Cupertino , California-based company argued that at least three employees of the Proview unit owning the trademarks had participated in negotiations leading to the sale.Separately, Apple has sued Proview founder Rowell Yang in Hong Kong for conspiring with his companies to breach the sale agreement. That case is in the pre-trial phase.Michael Jordan, Britney Spears\"It seems the problems have arisen because of the drafting of the agreement,\" said David Llewelyn, a professor of law at Singapore Management University.Proview obtained the trademark in China in 2001 for a desktop terminal with touch-screen display called the Internet Personal Access Device, or IPAD, that the company developed starting in 1998.\"This doesn't seem to be a case in which a Chinese company has registered a foreign company's trademark in China to try and blackmail them into buying them off,\" said Llewelyn, the author of \"Invisible Gold in Asia: Creating Wealth Through Intellectual Property.\"Hall of Fame basketball player Michael Jordan and pop singer Britney Spears have been involved in disputes regarding the use of their names in China this year.\"In China, there is a lot of trademark hijacking , meaning someone files a trademark similar or identical to a trademark of another, especially something famous outside China,\" said Benjamin Bai, a partner of intellectual property law at Allen &amp; Overy in Shanghai.Widely known in ChinaJordan said Feb. 23 he had sued a southern China-based sportswear company for the unauthorized use of his Chinese name and his jersey number 23. Qiaodan Sports Co, which received regulatory approval in November to raise 1.06 billion yuan in an initial public offering, said its brand was registered according to Chinese law.Spears failed in January to convince authorities to cancel a trademark for the Chinese translation of \"Britney,\" obtained by a Shenzhen-based for use on alarm clocks and watches, domestic media, including the Beijing Morning Post, reported. The Beijing court refused to hear her case, saying the singer couldn't show she was widely known in China in 2001, when Shenzhen Wanfuda Trading Co registered for the name.Ken Hertz, a Beverly Hills-based lawyer for Spears, didn't comment on the dispute in China.Sounds, coloursThere have been 8.3 million trademark applications made in China since 1979, with a record 1.2 million filed in 2010, according to intellectual property consultancy, Rouse. Disputes over trademarks rose almost eight-fold from 2004 to 2010, Rouse's data shows, and punishments have included criminal sentences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408323", "title": "Extra rush at temples due to Sunday", "text": "KANPUR: A large number of devotees thronged Durga temples on the occasion of Navaratra on Sunday. As it was also a holiday, larger than usual crowd was present at the temples.The devotees performed 'kanchedan' and 'mundan' at the temple of the goddess. Several people also performed the ritual of 'kanjika'.\"The nine-day fasting gives foodies a chance to experience special and different food. And, keeping this in mind, we have introduced a special Navaratra Menu at out restaurant for our guests,\" informed restaurant owner in Cantt.\"We offer steamed food to those who are not supposed to consume fat and fried food. Our steamed 'sabudana khichdi' is one of the most delicious dishes,\" said Amit, owner of another restaurant on the Birhana Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409761", "title": "PEC teams green bridge bags Techno Roadies title", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a unique invention at PECs annual technical fest, Vyom-2012, students designed a special gravity bridge to reduce fuel consumption considerably.The team of first year students of PEC University of Technology beat 50 odd teams from across the region to bag the title of Techno Roadies with their creation.Abhimanyu Singh Saini and Lakshit Bajaj, invented a model in which the road is given a gradient of 1 degree, giving it the shape of a bridge, and as the car goes down the bridge the speed of the car would touch 40 km per hour within a minute without using fuel. The Techno Roadies for 2012, along with two other teams adjudged as finalists, defeated 18 other teams for ideating the car that can run on the moon in the initial rounds. The event titled Techno Roadies saw the teams going through several challenging rounds. We gave technical expertise on creating a car that can operate on the moon. We suggested its technical formation, Lakshit said.Another challenge given to various teams was creating a chair for a lazy man! Imaginative, technical and innovative skills, all were scrutinized to select the best team.We ideated a model with wireless attached to it and all technical facilities that a lazy man would need on his chair, revealed Abhimanyu. The team comprising Abhinav and Akshay, from Green Hills Engineering College, Solan, that was among the top three, created a green technology model.We invented a model that uses all three wind, water and solar energy. On the final day, we were provided raw material and given metal sheets and cardboards and we had to prepare an innovative model, said Abhinav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408259", "title": "Kidnapping with a twist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old man was apprehended by Kagdapith police for attempting to abduct a four-year-old child from Behrampura on Sunday afternoon. Later, parents of the apprehended man, a handcart puller, told investigators that he is mentally unstable and had picked up the kid by mistake. The families made a truce late on Sunday evening and withdrew the case.According to police officials, Al-Faiz Zakir Husain Vora, 4, a resident of Jethalal ni chali, Behrampura, was playing outside his residence at 1 2 . 3 0 pm when a man came near him. After observing the boy for a while, he put his hand on the child's mouth and started running from the spot with the child in tow. A group of youths soon noticed that the man was fleeing with their cousin and started pursuing the man.\"The man, later identified as Prahlad Vankar, reached another end of the chawl and entered into his residence. The group in pursuit barged in and took the child in their possession. They raised an alarm and informed police about the incident. Vankar was beaten up on the spot by local residents for the act,\" said B B Bhagora, inspector of Kagdapith police station.Irfan Vora, one of the youths who pursued Vankar, told TOI that they could not understand why he abducted Al-Faiz. \"I, along with my brothers Rais, Ashraf and Mohammed Sharif, chased h i m . W h e n caught, he did not look surprised and feigned ignorance about the abduction.Even if he is mentally unstable as claimed by his family members, it is dangerous as he could abduct a child someday and then forget about it. Thus, it was necessary to get him arrested,\" he said.Police played peacemaker in the case as they got the two families sit together and told the parents of the child to let the man go due to his mental condition. The truce was struck after Vankar promised not to repeat his act. He was let go late on Sunday evening, said investigators.After a slew of children going missing and abduction attempts in the city, denizens have become more aware about s u ch i n c i -dents, as a result, reporting of such cases has gone up, said city police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410117", "title": "Anna Hazare supporters gather in city", "text": "JAIPUR: Hundreds of Anna Hazare's supporters wearing Anna cap, holding placards and shouting slogans for a strong Lokpal Bill gathered at Udhyog Maidan here on Sunday. The supporters observed a one-day fast to show their support for Anna Hazare . \"We have gathered here to demand for a strong Lokpal Bill. Anna ji is back after recovering from his illness and now the state government should also get ready to see us intensifying the agitation ,\" said Suraj Soni, an activist at the venue.In a meeting, the members of 'India against Corruption ' said they will not let Anna's agitation go in vain and will continue to fight against corruption. Anna's supporters also lit lamps in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408512", "title": "Railway police board campaign to identify state's vanished children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Children who leave home or get trafficked, get out of the city by means including trains and state transport buses. Most of the times, trains are used for long-distance travels and cheaper fares by children and abductors. Thus railway police plays a major role in keeping an eye on suspicious cases.With the new stance adopted by the state police against missing children and prevention of crime against children, the Government Railway Police (GRP) has started a campaign to educate railway passengers about missing children and keeping an eye on children travelling alone or with suspicious men and women.Talking about the initiative, P P Pirojiya, inspector of GRP, Kalupur, said that they have started checking trains bound for and from Mumbai, West Bengal , Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. \"We have formed a special team of 20 personnel under surveillance squad that will check every major train and will directly question the child if the situation is found suspicious. The personnel also request railway officials to inform police in case they find a child on board without any parents,\" he said.GRP officials said that major stations such as Ahmedabad, Surat and Vadodara are on close watch for children found on the platform, waiting rooms and periphery of the station. \"It includes child labours, bonded labours and children who have fled from their residences to reach to Gujarat. We have also procured data of the children went missing to verify against any new finds,\" said a senior CID (Railways) official.DGP to felicitate 2 girls who helped nab stalkerThe two students of HB Kapadia School at Delhi Darwaja who raised an alarm and helped catch a 40-year-old man who tried to lure them will be felicitated by Chittranjan Singh, state director general of police for their presence of mind. The event will take place on Monday afternoon. According to police sources, Shirali Chavda, 7, a resident of Shahpur, and Nisha Paliwal, 8, a resident of Shahibaug, helped police and parents catch Dhiraj Vaghela, 40, a resident of Ranip, who was following them for five days. \"We want to send a message to the children to be brave and inform their parents, police or school authorities when anybody tries to lure them into a trap. The girls will be awarded certificates and token amount of appreciation,\" Khema said senior police officials.Lost boy found from Geeta Mandir bus depotWith the city's children going missing being a burning issue these days, the nightmare for parents and cops seems far from over. Police found a child from Geeta Mandir of GSRTC on Saturday, and have started search for the child's parents. Kagdapith police have sent the message at police stations across Gujarat to find out whether any five-year-old child has been reported missing.\"We were present at the bus depot at 4 pm on Saturday when passengers brought the child to us. The kid, who only speaks two words - his name 'Khema' and 'Mumma' - was brought to the police chowky. He tries to explain directions with his left hand when we ask him from where he has come or where his parents belong. We have not found any substantial clue about his identity or whether he has come in a bus to Ahmedabad or his parents have left the city,\" said a Kagdapith police official. However, the boy, who has stayed for a night at the chowky, has struck a chord with the police personnel. \"The best thing is, he is friendly with everybody and starts smiling when questioned,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409495", "title": "Congress unleashes youth brigade at hustings, dissent in ranks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The countdown to the civic elections took a defining turn on Sunday with less than 30 of 68 sitting Congress councillors making a comeback to the poll battleground - signalling an end to the power tussle between party MPs and MLAs. Many first-timers and young faces also entered the fray. Most of the 31 sitting councillors who were displaced by 50% women's quota have been dropped.Protests outside Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee office reflected the unrest among sitting councilors who had been shown the door. Also, there was outrage among workers who felt heavyweights had prevailed.Despite 50% quota, the party fielded women candidates from general seats in two assembly constituencies of Mangolpuri and Wazirpur. Surprisingly, the remaining three seats are also reserved for women. This triggered anger among grassroot workers.The marathon meetings spanning four days ended on Sunday afternoon with Congress declaring its list of candidates for 263 of 272 seats. Differences between MPs and MLAs over choice of candidates became evident as a decision on nine seats was kept pending as hectic parleys continued to break the logjam.MLA Mukesh Sharma's nephew Rahul Sharma made his way into the list in a last-minute turnaround with the party dropping its first choice, Dev Prakash Sharma.Similarly, Andrews Ganj candidate Harish Arora was replaced by Abhishek Datt, a Youth Congress leader. Nidhi Dhawan declared candidate from Rana Pratap Bagh was replaced by Ranjana Sondhi, a compromise candidate agreed upon by MP Kapil Sibal and senior Congress leader Jagdish Tytler.The final list shows less than 30 of 68 sitting councilors making a comeback. Most candidates making a return are heavyweights. These include three-time councillor from Najafgarh and leader of the Opposition in MCD, JK Sharma, former Mayor and Nizamuddin councillor Farhad Suri, Tilak Nagar councillor and former Mayor Antia Babbar, deputy leader of Opposition in MCD Ajit Singh Chaudhary, three-time councillors Mukesh Goel and Razia Sultana from Dhirpur and Chauhan Bangar respectively.The party has a young councillor brigade this time with many candidates below the 40 age bracket. This includes two former DUSU presidents - one a sitting councilor Shalu Malik and the other a first-timer Amrita Dhawan.But the list has caused heartburn as some sitting councillors who were not affected by reservation found that the party had replaced them with new faces. Sagarpur west councillor Usha Gupta has been replaced with Geetanjali Jain. Similarly, the party has dropped two-time councillor Amrit Lal Singhal from Tri Nagar and replaced him with Rajinder Tyal.Many Congressmen dropped from the 2007 municipal polls are back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12409337", "title": "Foundries hit hard by ban on mining", "text": "BELGAUM: The impact of the ban on mining operations in Bellary is slowly percolating down to the foundry industry in Belgaum, which is among the 10 largest iron and steel castings manufacturers in the country. Entrepreneurs are facing shortage of fig iron, the raw material used in the industry. This is affecting regular functioning of the foundries.Foundries of Belgaum import raw material from Goa and Hospeth based industries, which convert iron ore into fig iron. Earlier, these industries used to give around three to six months credit to the foundries. But, since mining operations have been stopped in Bellary, these industries are demanding advance payment.Moreover, they are supplying insufficient raw material, even to regular customers, said Venkatesh Sarnobat, a foundry industrialist.According to Basavaraj Javali, president of Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries ( BCCI ), insufficient supply of raw material is having adverse impact on production too. It has become difficult for the foundries to keep the commitment made to clients on providing the products, due to shortage of raw material.\"Many foundries are stopping operation one or two days in a week because of material shortage. This is affecting labourers,\" Javali said speaking to the Times of India.Belgaum Foundry Cluster president Ram Bhandare, said the condition may get worse in the coming days due to shortage of raw material, increased excise duty and high bank interest rates. The government should take firm steps to rejuvenate the industry, he said.There are around 140 foundry units in Belgaum, in the scale of small, medium and large, manufacturing around 1.6 lakh tonnes of castings per annum.Total annual revenue generation is around Rs 700 crore while castings worth of around Rs 350 crore are exported to the countries like UK, Finland, Germany, Belgium, France, Switzerland, Sweden and the USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408018", "title": "5 held in cheating case", "text": "PATNA: Police arrested five persons on Sunday on the charge of cheating people in the name of doubling and tripling currency notes. The arrests were made from Shastrinagar area.Acting on a tip-off that some frauds were duping innocent persons in the name of doubling currency notes, a police team of Special Cell was constituted to trap them, senior SP Alok Kumar said.The SSP said the police team, acting on a tip -off, intercepted a four-wheeler in Shastrinagar area and arrested five persons with a briefcase carrying papers having the colour of currency note and one original currency note over it. He said that the arrested persons had been identified as Ashok Kumar Rai, Chandrashekhar Rai and Hari Ram Paswan (Samastipur), Taj Bahadur Pandit and Ajay Kumar alias Munna (Patna).The police seized the four-wheeler, five cellphones, one briefcase with bundles of papers, four fake currency notes of Rs 100 denomination besides two watches from the possession of the arrested persons, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408106", "title": "Fate of Digha bridge hangs in balance", "text": "PATNA: Fate of the Digha-Sonepur rail-cum-road bridge hangs in the balance. Inadequate allocation of funds in the current rail budget will further slow down progress of the bridge. The railways may not complete the bridge by the end of 2014 as announced earlier if fund allocation continues to be meagre for this project in future.According to ECR chief administrative officer G S Tiwari, the railways has sanctioned a sum of Rs 120 crore in the current fiscal for the bridge which is inadequate to carry out work on the bridge in full swing. The ECR needs Rs 500 to Rs 600 crore to expedite bridge work on a priority basis, he said, adding the railways would, however, make all possible efforts to seek resources from the Planning Commission.According to sources, the railways has been carrying out fabrication and erection work on this ambitious bridge over the Ganga at Digha site in Patna. Out of 36 spans, fabrication work has been completed up to six spans. Fabrication work is, however, under progress with regard to span seven, sources said.Erection work is also being carried out at the same time on the bridge. Till now erection has been completed up to four spans. The distance between two spans is about 131 metres. Both fabrication and erection work has been part of the superstructure work of the mega bridge, sources said, adding this work will be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 1,192 crore.According to an ECR official, the railways has set the deadline for completion of the work by the end of December 2014. The whole project is likely to be completed at an estimated cost of about Rs 1,450 crore. But railway officials supervising the work at the site did not rule out possibility of cost escalation which could go up to Rs 2,400 crore, he said.According to sources, the major problem the railways is likely to face is procurement of raw materials for want of proper funds. At present, the railways has in store raw materials to complete fabrication-cum-erection work up to 10 spans. Thus, the railways would need more funds to hire new equipment as well as procure raw materials, especially steel and iron, to continue pace of bridge work uninterrupted, sources said.This is going to be the longest rail-cum-road bridge of the Indian Railways having length of about 4.5 km. This bridge will connect south and north ends to the state capital. Besides, the railways is urgently in need of about 6.52 acres of land at Bind Toli in Digha to complete the guide bund of the bridge, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409669", "title": "Students sensitized about juvenile justice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Centre for Police Administration, University Institute of Emerging Areas in Social Sciences (UIEASS), Panjab University, organized a special lecture on Juvenile Justice: A Saga of Negligence and Apathy. The lecture was given by K P Singh, inspector general (prisons), Haryana, for the students of Centre for Police Administration at PU campus.Anil Monga, coordinator, Centre for Police Administration stated that juvenile justice is one of the thrust areas at the Centre for Police Administration and the event is aimed at sensitizing students about the statutory provisions regarding juvenile justice along with the problems in its implementation in India.Singh began his presentation by stating that ancient scriptures like Ramayana showed that India was leader in juvenile jurisprudence, however we could not carry forward this legacy in modern times. He highlighted that juvenile justice came back into prominence with the Juvenile Justice Act of 1986, which was later revised and re-enacted in 2000 to accommodate the international developments in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12411878", "title": "I was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe, claims Army chief VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both houses of Parliament were adjourned till 2 pm after uproar by the opposition over Army chief VK Singh's allegations that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore.Earlier, both houses of Parliament were adjourned till noon after the opposition MPs created a ruckus over the disclosures made by the Army chief.The opposition today cornered the government in Parliament over Army Chief General VK Singh's claim that he was offered bribe.In an interview to a national daily 'The Hindu', army chief General VK Singh, who recently lost his date of birth battle, has claimed that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by an equipment lobbyist for clearing the purchase of 600 substandard vehicles.The army chief also added that the defence minister AK Antony was apprised of the matter.General Singh also said that 7,000 of those of which were already in use in the Army had been sold over the years at exorbitant prices.In the interview Singh said, \"One of these men had the gumption to walk up to me and tell me that if I cleared the tranche, he would give me Rs 14 crore. He was offering a bribe to me, to the Army Chief. He told me that people had taken money before me and they will take money after me.\"Earlier, BJP leader Prakash Javadekar said, \"What General VK Singh has said is a serious matter. We will raise this matter in Parliament.\"\"Things are fast unravelling and you will soon see the hand behind the drama. You will soon see who the sutradhar of the play is, Javadekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411899", "title": "Remake rattles Salim Javed", "text": "No sooner has it been announced that Zanjeer will be remade by Prakash Mehra's son, Amit Mehra, authors of the original script Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar have decided to put up a fight against what they perceive as creative and copyright infringement. The last time they came together was for the script of Mr India 25 years ago.It was Khan who contacted Akhtar after the announcement. \"The first thing I did was to call up Javed saab. He feels our stand on the issue is very strong and plans to bring it up in Delhi shortly,\" Khan confirmed.In many ways, a game changer for those involved, including Prakash Mehra, Amitabh Bachchan and Salim-Javed, Zanjeer remains very special to the both of them. Rued Khan, \"I didn't even know who was remaking Zanjeer. I just heard about it eight days ago, and called up my lawyer. It would have been the decent thing to do for them to tell us about the project. But no one has bothered to talk to us.\"Akhtar too said, \"I think there is a moral issue involved in the debate that goes beyond legal issues. Perhaps the people who are thinking of remaking Zanjeer have paid for the rights to do so. But creative rights are not like buying property. Salim Saab and I wrote Zanjeer. It is our moral right to be informed about any plans to use our creative resources.\"Khan, who hopes for a fruitful dialogue with Mehra Jr, said, \"I'll be taking a very firm legal stand on this to find out what their position is on copyright correctness. Still, given a chance, I'd rather settle the matter through dialogue rather than legally.\"Meanwhile, when contacted, Mehra quickly said, \"I can never think of starting my production house and Zanjeer without the blessings of Salim uncle and Javed uncle. They're family to me. After dad passed away, they've been like my guardians. Their contribution to most of my dad's films, particularly Zanjeer can't be undermined.\"That being the case, why hasn't he taken Salim-Javed into confidence yet? \"The film's production is at a nascent stage. I want to meet them and seek their blessings once everything is confirmed,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407957", "title": "Congress MPs vow to go all out for Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress MPs from Telangana have vowed that, starting Monday, they would go all out in their campaign in Parliament for a separate state.At a meeting held at panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy's house on Sunday, a group of five MPs urged the former to convince his cabinet colleagues about the need for them to be part of a fresh delegation to New Delhi which would acquaint the party high command with the intensity which the movement has acquired in the wake of the self-immolation by pro-Telangana student Bhojya Naik. The MPs at the meeting expressed deep anguish over Naik's suicide.Later, speaking to the media, MP G Sukhendar Reddy said that they had decided to make themselves heard loud and clear in Parliament now that Assembly elections in five states were over.\"We were asked by our leader to wait till these elections got over. Now that they are, we will request our leadership to fulfill its promise of giving the go-ahead to a separate Telangana state. We have our agenda and will continue to stick to it,\" he said.Reddy said they have been raising the issue at every available opportunity, including the recent presidential address to both Houses of Parliament when they went to the extent of interrupting the President's address by raising slogans. \"There is no going back on our commitment,\" he said.The other Lok Sabha MPs who attended the meeting are S Rajaiah, Balram Naik, G Vivekanand and Manda Jagannadham.Holding Samaikyandhra leaders responsible for the spate of suicides by Telangana students, Warangal MP Siricilla Rajaiah cautioned anti-Telangana forces against making irresponsible statements.Meanwhile, MLC G Yadav Reddy, who, too, attended the meeting, said Centre had no other option but to accede to the formation of a Telangana state. \"Party MLAs, MLCs and ministers will meet in a day or two to discuss the future course of action,\" he said.Pro-Telangana students tried to force their way into Jana Reddy's residence demanding that they be allowed to meet the MPs whereupon a small delegation was allowed to meet some of the leaders after the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12410182", "title": "Begging to get educated", "text": "VAPI: Anita and her two sisters, all below 10 years, wake up at 5 am daily, complete their household chores and pick up either a school bag or an aluminum bowl depending on which day it is. If it's a Thursday, Saturday or Sunday, these little children take a bowl in their hands and sit outside Sai Baba or Amba mata temples in Vapi begging for alms.\"My father is a daily-wage laborer. I have to support my family financially if I want to continue studies,\" says Anita, who studies in a government school. She lives in a thatched hutment parallel to the railway tracks.As luck would have it, these girls are forced to beg despite being among the top performers in their class. \"It is extremely painful to see these girls begging. Their grasping power is much more than other students,\" says Hansa Patel, their teacher.Unfortunately, this is the sad story of many children of migrant families coming from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh in search of jobs in industrial areas of Vapi and Daman. Life of Roshan Mahammad Sahim, studying in class II of government primary school on Vapi-Daman road is no different. She also skips some morning hours of school and sells tobacco and bidis on road to support her family.Roshan lives with stepmother and has two brothers and two sisters in family. The family migrated from Bihar to industrial town Vapi in search of better prospects before 4-5 years. But they are still struggling.\"Roshan daily comes to school late. We are aware about this. But we also know that she has to earn to support her family. She has even topped some exams despite being a non-Gujarati,\" says her teacher Bhavna Patel.The case of Suresh Govind Sharma, a class VII student of Gujarati primary school in Vapi notified area is even more intriguing. Suresh used to steal scrap from houses in the wee hours, only to sell them to scrap traders. However, he outdid all this classmates when government officials tested their studies during Gunotsav programme organized by the state education department last year.\"He has stopped stealing after intense counseling sessions. He is a bright student and aims to become police officer,\" says his teacher Pushpa Patel. Congress MLA from Pardi, Usha Patel, who is the deputy whip of the party in Gujarat assembly, has raised the problems of these migrant children with Anandiben Patel, who is also incharge of women and child welfare department.\"I believe that there are many such children in primary schools of industrial towns of Gujarat where students from migrated families struggle a lot to study as well as earn for their families,\" said Patel, adding, that she has requested special services and more counseling for these children so that they can concentrate on their studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407777", "title": "Ex-officer questions Intelligence Bureau\u2019s legal status", "text": "CHENNAI: Responding to a PIL filed by a retired Intelligence Bureau officer pointing at the complete absence of constitutional or statutory sanction for the agency, the Karnataka high court last week sought an explanation from the Central government, giving it time until March 30 to issue an executive order justifying IB's existence.The IB was formed by then British secretary of state as a sub-sect of the Central Special Branch on December 23, 1887. \"It has remained like a ghost, without a statute, all these 125 years,\" said the PIL by Mysore-based R N Kulkarni, who joined the IB in 1963 and retired in 1998 as its joint assistant director.Kulkarni further told the court that despite being a vital arm of national intelligence and security, all that the IB has to explain for its evolution over the past 125 years is the British order issued in 1887. Neither the Indian Independence nor the adoption of a Constitution nor even regulatory statutes for Central police organisations like the CRPF and CISF ever accorded any legal status to IB, which exists in a constitutional vacuum.In its response, the Centre said the IB is a civilian organization which does not enjoy police powers. It also admitted that on May 21, 2001, the Group of Ministers had acknowledged that IB did not have a formal charter, although an attempt was made to define its functioning.Taking note of the absence of a legislation to regulate the IB, the court asked the Centre to issue an executive order defining the powers, functions and duties of IB officers immediately. Otherwise, the bench headed by the chief justice cautioned, the court would be constrained to constitute a committee to go into the issue and submit a report.How can the IB, established under an administrative order without any constitutional or statutory identity even after the commencement of the Constitution in 1950, be permitted to function as an apex national security apparatus, questioned Kulkarni's PIL.This extra-constitutional status of the IB infringes upon the rights of citizens as well as the rights of the personnel serving in the IB, the PIL said.The closest that the IB ever came to have a rule was in 1985 when Parliament enacted the Intelligence Organisations (Restriction of Rights) Act 1985. Ironically, the Act was brought to restrict the fundamental rights of members of intelligence organizations such as IB in matters of freedom of expression and their right to form associations.The Intelligence Bureau (IB) has existed since December 23, 1887, as a ghost organization without any constitutional or statutory sanction, according to a PIL filed by a retired IB official. This has taken place despite the organization being a vital arm of national intelligence and security. The closest IB ever came to have a rule was in 1985 when Parliament enacted the Intelligence Organisations (Restriction of Rights) Act 1985. But Parliament failed to legislate for IB's establishment, regulation, discipline, control and operations, the PIL said.Kulkarni's counsel produced newspaper reports and articles by former IB officers stating that they had interrogated people. \"Without police powers, how could the IB detain or interrogate anyone?\" the counsel asked.The directive comes at a time when the Union home ministry is trying to sell NCTC to the nation with the proposal to bring NCTC under IB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412919", "title": "Coarse, curly facial hair? These beards are for you", "text": "You know a beard can add flare to your overall look. But growing one is not without obstacles, like figuring out the right style to fit your face shape and maintaining your beard to look as fresh as it did the day you left the barbershop. If you have coarse, curly hair, you can multiply these challenges by a factor of 10 .Compared to your less curly counterparts, you'll need a lot more skill when holding the immers. Most importantly, you'll need to master the curl of your beard because, depending on how short it's worn, the tightness of the curls can give the beard the appearance of looking patchy. In the beginning stages of beard-growing, patchiness can be prevented by using immers (or a beard comb or brush, when ansitioning from a short to long beard length) to smooth out your facial hair every two to three days.Best beard styles for coarse, curly hairTake your cues from the stars: These beard styles are the best bets for guys with coarse, curly hair:Beard scruff, which works on all face shapes : Lenny KravitzGoatees like the Van Dyke and the full goatee (where the mustache is connected to the chin hair): Diddy (Van Dyke), Will Smith (full goatee)Chin strap : Big Daddy KaneLight beard : Flo RidaKeep your beard looking freshThe key to making these styles look good day in and day out is maintaining a desirable length. How long is too long? When the sharp lines that helped create the style become less noticeable due to the curl of the beard. And, of course, as mentioned earlier: If the beard grows to a length at which the hairs begin to create holes or patches in the beard, it's grown too long.The best way to keep these styles looking neat, especially for the super-curly beard crowd, is a detailed finish with a razor (keeping in mind, of course, that many men with this beard type are more prone to shaving irritation). The focus of the blade should be on the perimeter of the beard in order to accent the style; the surrounding area can be immed rather than shaved.So what about the full beard? You'll need patience -- and preferably a long vacation on a secluded island -- while you brush and comb your beard through the patchy period and into its full glory.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409224", "title": "Landmark may set up theme park in city", "text": "NAGPUR: American industry major Landmark Entertainment Group may help set up a theme park near city.The company on Sunday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with a local realty firm Credence Infraventures that will be providing 300 acres land for the theme park. Although Landmark is a prominent name in the US entertainment industry, Credence remains a less known entity even in the local realty circles. This company was represented by Siddhartha Gedam as the director who said the land was held jointly by 3-4 persons but refused to divulge their names.The land is reported to be located at Sumthana village near Mihan project. Landmark formed in 1980 has theme parks in US, based on concepts like Terminator, Jurassic Park, and Spiderman. It has worked on conceptualization for several other set-ups in entrainment business and is also planning to come up with a theme park in China.The final agreement with Credence is yet to happen as negotiations continue. If the deal works out, it will be Landmark's first theme park in the country. The MoU was signed at a seminar organized by the US Asia Business Forum (USABF), a group promoting business ties with American companies. It has an American realtor of Indian origin Kevin Kaul as founder. Kaul projects USABF as a not for profit organization acting as a facilitator for prospective business partnerships.Landmark's CEO Tony Christopher said company also had Navi Mumbai on its radar, however, preferred a smaller city like Nagpur as it was easy to get bureaucratic clearances at such places. Landmark will be providing the idea for the park which would be developed after an in-depth study of the local culture and preferences.He stressed that its role will be that of a service provider and not an investor. Christopher said he had not visited the site but had only seen the map.Rajesh Dhake, chairman of USABF, added that the park would come as a joint effort of different partners, with Landmark developing the theme, funds coming from US-based Ed-Fortin and land from Credence. Krishna Shah, director of 1970s movie Shalimar, was also claimed to be contributing to the venture. Shah was present in the meeting too. Total capital expenditure is expected to be around Rs 1,500 crore, he said. Dhake is a builder from Mumbai.Meanwhile, Poland's Tewes BIS is scouting for dealers for milk processing machines. Anna Kalata, company's managing director and also former labour minister of Poland , said the company was marketing an automated production line for making paneer (cottage cheese) and was in talks with dairy majors like Amul. It also wants distributors all over the country. The company is examining a proposal with a city-based food joint owner Praveen Gadhpal.Gadhpal, on the other hand, is also scouting for a US investor in his dairy project at Kondhali.Meanwhile, Dhake's firm Prachin Group signed MoUs on manganese and limestone mining with two local firms. The firm with manganese mines is reported to be headed by Saurabh Rai, who currently runs a tannery business, said an official of USABF and the limestone quarries belong to Sumeet Limestone of one M V Mohary. The two were not available for interaction with media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407709", "title": "Accountant held for chequing out Rs 31 lakh from firm", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old accountant withdrew Rs 31.5 lakh from a bank account of the company where he worked by forging his director's signature on cheques and splurged the amount on bar girls.Chembur resident Vishnu Makwana, who worked with Chetan Handlooms, was arrested by the Lokmanya Tilak Marg police on Saturday. According to the officials, a commerce graduate, Makwana responded to an advertisement published by Chetan Handlooms and landed the job with a monthly salary of Rs 20,000. His job profile included issuing and receiving cheques, withdrawing cash and preparing the accounts. According to the officials at the form, Makwana initially worked diligently and nobody had any doubts about his dubious intentions.Suddenly on March 29 last year, Makwana told his employer that he urgently had to take leave for a few days as he had to attend to his ailing mother who was being admitted to Bhatia hospital. \"He went on leave, never to return. The company tried contacting him but in vain,\" said a police officer.With Makwana missing for several months, the firm appointed a new accountant, Vikas Bhatt, on April 2011. Following that, during the audit of the company, it was found that Rs 31.23 lakh had been transferred from the company's Canara bank account. \"We immediately got suspicious as such large amounts of money are usually transferred from the Citibank account of out company,\" an official of the firm said. The money was transferred through account payee cheques to a resident of Chembur, Reshma Lallu Sharma, the police added.The L T Marg police found that 48 cheques-all apparently signed by the company's director-was issued between March 2010 and March 2011. Makwana had forged the director's signature and kept transferring money to the fake account he created, the police said. During interrogations, Makwana told the police that he found his salary insufficient and needed more cash to \"visit ladies' bars\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12413451", "title": "NRI to capture villagers' issues on celluloid", "text": "KENDRAPADA: An England-based NRI will make a documentary on the protests by seaside villagers of Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang against the proposed Posco steel plant.The film-maker, Prafulla Mohanty (74), is from Nanpur village, 20 km from here. Mohanty, also a writer and painter, visited several villages in the area to make the film recently. \"I will also write a book on the anti-land acquisition movement,\" Mohanty said.\"Through my film, everyone will know about the anti-people policies of the government and plight of thousands of villagers facing the spectre of displacement from their homes, hearths, betel vine farms, cashewnut orchards, lush green fields and river,\" Mohanty said.\"I am preparing a script for this film and we will shoot this film in these villagers soon,\" Mohanty added.\"During my recent visit to Dhinkia, Patana and Gobindapur villages, I found the violence has affected the children too. Their vocabulary now includes words like police, Posco and andolan,\" the writer said. Studies have been affected in Dhinkia and grades of top rankers declined after many students joined the anti-land acquisition movement.Through my film, everyone will know about the anti-people policies of the government and plight of villagers facing the spectre of displacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408680", "title": "Scholars, activists to attend meet on water policy", "text": "PUNE: A two-day national workshop will discuss the draft national water policy, 2012 and the direction the water sector will take under the 12th Plan, at Yashada on March 26 and 27.The workshop has been organised by the Forum for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India and Society for Promoting Participative Ecosystem Management, Pune.Planning Commission member Mihir Shah will chair the session and S C Jain, member of the drafting group that prepared the national water policy, will make the main presentation in the session on the draft policy.Eminent scholars and activists like Ramaswamy Iyer, A Vaidyanathan, Tushaar Shah, Jayanta Bandyopadhyay, Biksham Gujja, Rohini Nilekani and Bharat Patankar will also participate.According to the organisers, the event would help in receiving inputs from organisations working in various sectors about the direction that the water sector would take under the 12th Plan. Some of the topics to be discussed at the workshop are water database development and management, flood management and region-specific issues, sustainable groundwater management, urban and industrial water supply and sanitation, rural domestic water and sanitation, state water regulatory system act, major and medium irrigation and command area development.The Forum for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India is an effort to bring together those interested in working on water conflicts and related problems in the country. The organisation covers areas like conflict documentation, resolution and prevention, as well as networking and awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12412971", "title": "New accounting system to be followed in all central varsities", "text": "Allahabad: As the Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has decided to implement uniform accounting standards in educational institutions, including all 41 central universities (Allahabad University being one among them), officials have started making preparations for the same.The new style of maintaining accounts would be followed from the financial year 2013-14 by all higher educational institutions of the country. In this backdrop, the ministry has recently conducted a meeting in Delhi which was attended by the finance officers (FOs) of all the 41 central universities of the country. The AU was represented by its FO P K Singh, a chartered Accountant (CA) himself.\"The ministry has asked all the FOs to send their suggestions and queries pertaining to maintenance of the annual accounts of their institutions on accrual basis, which earlier was based on cash basis. Once these queries and clarifications reach the ministry, all the FOs would again be called in the month of May, when the system would be explained,\" said P K Singh.He further said that among various aspects which have raised certain ambiguity in terms of understanding the new accounting system, certain points were discussed at the meeting.\"We asked the experts that in accrual system, what will be the treatment for provision of gratuity and pension payments. Likewise, the FOs wanted clarification on the point that what will be the precise method of depreciation and the rate of depreciation for various assets of the institution,\" he added.It is pertinent to mention that this new system of maintenance of accounts is developed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). The new system is expected to ensure proper accountability, financial discipline and proper use of funds.The new system is being implemented following MHRD's acceptance of the recommendations made by the working group set up to formulate a uniform accounting standards for educational institutions.In an MHRD communique forwarded by the UGC to all varsities, it has been stated that UGC is holding a consultation process with its affiliating institutions in this regard. It is following this that the meeting was convened in New Delhi.Following the implementation of the new system, all educational institutions would now be mandated to apply accrual basis of accounting with accounting standards issued by the ICAI.As per the recommendations accepted by MHRD, now fund-based accounting may be introduced for earmarked/designated funds and all educational institutions would be required to follow a pre-decided common format for presentation of its general purpose financial statements to ensure proper accountability.The change will also necessitate that the statutes having specific formats for financial reporting by educational institution may also be modified on lines with the suggested formats as per the new system.The MHRD has already conveyed it to the UGC that the ministry in coordination with ICAI shall organise capacity building programme to train the staff of educational institutions.Commenting further, AU FO P K Singh said that for implementing and making others understand the said system of accounting, small training workshops and guidance would be provided to the employees but certainly, AU would need the help of some experts in the area who could be hired on construal basis in the next year.Following the implementation of the new system, all educational institutions would now be mandated to apply accrual basis of accounting with accounting standards issued by the ICAI. The new system is expected to ensure proper accountability, financial discipline and proper use of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12409004", "title": "Husband of Howrah rape victim arrested", "text": "HOWRAH: Husband of the 18-year-old, who was raped by her hubby's two friends on Wednesday, was arrested on Sunday. Bappa Ruidas (23), the main accused in the rape case, was at large ever since the incident took place. According to primary investigation by police, Ruidas knew about the rape and there was monetary transaction between him and his friends.Police were keeping a tab on his movements for the past few days. Working on a tip off that Ruidas has sneaked into his Rajchandrapur house, a team of Bally police raided the house and arrested him.\"During interrogation Ruidas has confessed that the other two accused Kartik Das and Raju Sarkar are his friends. Chances are there that he received money for taking his wife to them. We are not very sure about the amount though,\" said a senior police officer of Howrah.Ruidas works as a labourer at a Liluah factory. He used to stay in Rajchandrapur, while his young wife was staying in Tarakeshwar. On Wednesday morning he reportedly called up his wife and asked her to come over to Rajchandrapur, where two of his friends were waiting.Kartik Das and Raju Sarkar picked up the girl at Rajchandrapur station on the pretext of taking her to the place where her husband lived. Instead, they took her to a house near the station and allegedly raped her. The victim somehow managed to escape the next day and got hold of some cops from Bally police station on the road, who were on duty then. She narrated the entire incident and police arrested Das and Sarkar the very next day.Ruidas, who was produced in the court on Sunday, has been remanded to police custody.Meanwhile, the victim has been sent to a rescue home in Liluah. The two got married only a few months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408460", "title": "PM's fiat failed to block coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government continued to give away coal blocks without bidding even after a meeting headed by Manmohan Singh (in his role as coal minister) on October 14, 2004 decided that all future allocation would be through the competitive route, says a CAG report.The government auditors' draft report on performance of coal block allocations also says the Centre opted for the longer process of amending mining laws when it could have introduced competitive bidding through an administrative order under an existing law governing contracts.The draft report says that the October 2004 meeting with the PM as coal minister decided that applications for mines received after June 28, 2004 would be processed under the new competitive bidding regime. The government chose this as the cut-off date since the intention to introduce competitive bidding for coal blocks was first made public on this date at a ministry meeting with stakeholders, the auditor says.\"However, the ministry of coal continued to follow the screening committee route for subsequent allotments till date with the approval of the Prime Minister's Office,\" says the CAG's draft report. The draft report records how the government has failed to introduce the bidding process even after the necessary changes in the laws have been made.The law ministry had twice suggested ways to introduce auction for coal blocks while the coal ministry was tossing around the option of amending the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act of 1973 or the Mines and Minerals (Regulation and Development) Act of 1957, a CAG draft report says. As early as July 28, 2006, the CAG report notes, the department of legal affairs told the ministry the government could, if it wished, introduce competitive bidding by amending the \"administrative instructions\". If the government chose to do so, the allotments could be done under the Indian Contract Act of 1872.\"In sum, there were a series of correspondences with the ministry of law and justice for drawing conclusion on the legal feasibility of the proposed amendments to the CMN Act/MMDR Act or through administrative order to introduce auctioning/competitive bidding process for allocation of coal blocks for captive mining. There was no legal impediment for introduction of transparent and objective process of competitive bidding for allocation of coal blocks for captive mining as per legal opinion of July 2006 of the ministry of law and justice and this could have been done through an administrative decision. However, the ministry of coal went ahead for allocation of coal blocks through the screening committee route and advertized in September 2006 for allocation of 38 coal blocks and continued with the process till 2009,\" says the report.According to the lists of allotment in the CAG draft, 61 coal blocks were allotted to private companies in 2006. This is the highest number of allocations made between 2004 and 2009 in terms of how many blocks were given away in a year. However, in terms of reserves, 2009 stands out as the government gave away a reserve of 5,216 mt (million tonne) through 12 mines against 3,793 mt in 2006. Of this around 3,000 mt was given away to two private parties, a Tata group joint venture and a Jindal group unit, on a single day, February 27, 2009, barely a month before the Lok Sabha elections that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12413445", "title": "Red rebels torch country liquor unit", "text": "Balangir: A group of 10 armed rebels burnt down a country liquor manufacturing unit at Jamki village under Turekela block, near Nuapada-Balangir district border, here late on Saturday night. No one has been hurt in the incident.Neither villagers nor any fire fighting team reached the spot to douse the fire, and the flames continued to blaze until Sunday evening.Sources said the Maoists held a meeting with villagers before torching the unit. They asked women if the presence of the liquor unit was a cause of disturbance for them. After all the women said they did not want the unit there, the rebels burnt the unit in their presence and fled.The Maoists also reportedly distributed leaflets among the villagers warning them against setting up an unit there in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409063", "title": "RS nominations reunite erstwhile NDA partners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The latest round of Rajya Sabha polls has built new bridges between old allies, who had fallen apart.Sensing the growing anti-Congress space in the political horizon, erstwhile NDA allies like BJD and Trinamool Congress have been carefully mending fences with BJP even as they firmly remain outside NDA's orbit. BJP has also made small moves to extend help, and renew ties with them.Odisha CM and BJD chief Naveen Patnaik thanked senior BJP leader and NDA chairman L K Advani last week for the saffron party's help in ensuring BJD nominees' smooth passage in RS polls. Patnaik's call was his first communication with Advani since the two coalition partners broke off in early 2009, months before the last general elections. BJP, which did not have enough numbers to put up its own candidate in Odisha, abstained from voting, helping BJD candidates to emerge victorious.Advani had also learnt that four MLAs from the Darjeeling hills were considering abstaining from voting for the RS polls. Had they abstained, the lone Congress nominee would have benefited. Trinamool wanted GJM MLAs to vote against Congress, ensuring coalition partner nominee Abdul Mannan did not get the numbers.Advani came into the frame, and roped in party MP from Darjeeling Jaswant Singh to have word with GJM MLAs. Later, West Bengal Mamata Banerjee too spoke to GJM chief Bimal Gurung for better coordination, and the hill party MLAs voted against Congress. Mannan had no option but to withdraw.In both the cases, BJP helped BJD and Trinamool in keeping out Congress nominees from the Upper House. While BJD is part of a non-Congress, non-BJP political space, Trinamool is part of the UPA government at the Centre, albeit taking a pronounced anti-Congress stand on several issues like Lokpal Bill and NCTC. The growing distance between Congress and Trinamool suits BJP.Though the erstwhile NDA partners found a common ground in the RS polls, it remains to be seen whether the new-found bonhomie will translate to an enduring regrouping for the 2014 parliamentary polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12413056", "title": "People hold protests to support Anna\u2019s movement against graft", "text": "Allahabad: On the call given by veteran Gandhian leader Anna Hazare, volunteers of India Against Corruption staged a daylong sit-in near Shiv Mandir, Badshahi Mandi, on Sunday to express solidarity with Hazare and his movement. Later on, a meeting was held in which IAC volunteer Shyam Sunder Singh Patel said that corruption has reached at its peak under the Central government and black money is being stashed in foreign banks. This is hampering the progress of the country.\"The need of the hour is that people from all sections of society should come forward and support the movement of Anna Hazare because recent incidents of loot, murder and exploitation point towards the conditions prevailing in society,\" Patel said. He condemned the incident of murder of an IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh and other related incidents which have shaken the country. \"Under such conditions, a strict law like Jan Lokpal Bill is urgently needed,\" he added.Meanwhile, members of Bharat Banam Bhrashtachar also observed a daylong fast in support of Anna Hazare's movement.The participants covered their faces with black bands to lodge their protest over the delay in introduction and implementation of Jan Lokpal Bill in the parliament. Members of Samajik Ekta Parishad also staged a dharna on Bank Road to extend support to the movement of Anna Hazare and demanded immediate arrest of persons involved in murdering IPS officer Narendra Kumar In Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409964", "title": "Paracetamol as combo drug rampant", "text": "BHOPAL: Medical practitioners in the city continue to prescribe paracetamol as a combination drug despite its known side-effects.According to data available with the office of the chief medical and health officer (CMHO), 30,000 bottles of syrup and over 3 lakh tablets of paracetamol were ordered last year alone.The Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) in November 2011 had put a cap on the prescription formulations of paracetamol combo drugs.The DCGI asked the state food and drug administration (FDA) not to grant fresh licences or renewals to products with combination of paracetamol, containing more than 325 mg per tablet or capsule.However, the state FDA has yet to step up campaign against combination paracetamol drugs.\"The DCGI have given a three-year transition time to phase out the existing lot of higher dose paracetamol products from the market and shift to the new norms,\" said a state FDA official. \"The FDA would initiate action to make prescription combination pain medications containing acetaminophen safer for patients to use,\" he added.The DCGI move was aimed at preventing liver damage of a patient due to its overuse. Manufacturer of paracetamol combination products will now have to print a statutory warning on the drug boxes stating 'Taking more than the daily dose of paracetamol may cause serious liver damage or allergic reactions'.Presently the drug - chemically known as acetaminophen - is sold by major brand manufacturers in the strength of 500 mg over-the-counter and is used for pain and fever medication and is combined with other OTC ingredients, such as cough and cold ingredients.The new norms issued by the Drug Controller General of India recently directs the manufacturers to not sell paracetamol products more than the specified cap.The new norms issued by the Drug Controller General of India recently directs the manufacturers to not sell paracetamol products more than the specified cap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410037", "title": "Gehlot may tap budget to brighten poll prospects", "text": "JAIPUR: As the government gets ready to present the state budget for 2012-13 , chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who holds the finance portfolio , cannot afford to take eyes off the assembly elections due in less than two years' of time.The Congress leadership, which has already started image-building exercise in the state, is likely to use the Budget 2012-13 to win the goodwill and support of the key electoral constituents.It has already set the tone by hiking dearness allowance of state government employees by 7% and extending Rs 200-crore relief to farmers for crop damage and these steps seem to be precursors to more goodies to be announced in the Budget on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408403", "title": "Wife, 2 others held for killing Chembur man", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons, including the wife of the deceased and her boyfriend, were arrested for allegedly murdering a 28-year-old man on Saturday.The victim, Chandrakant Varak, was found dead in his house in Chembur's Mahul Road area on February 11. He seemed to have died in his sleep. The accused - Chandrakant's wife Sangeeta (25), her boyfriend Ramchandra Shelke (28) and Ramesh Bavdhane - were arrested after the victim's relatives told the police they suspected something was amiss.\"Chandrakant's body was taken for post-mortem and then to his village for rites. Sangeeta said she did not know how her husband died,\" said senior inspector Dilip Yadav of RCF police station.\"When his relatives returned, they approached us, saying something was amiss. We called Sangeeta for questioning. She broke down and confessed to having killed her husband along with Shelke and Bavdhane,\" said Yadav.In her statement, Sangeeta said that she was in a relationship with Shelke. \"Chandrakant had come to know of their relationship. Bavdhane and Chandrakant had a fight over a monetary issue,\" said Yadav. The trio has admitted to killing Chandrakant and have been booked for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407795", "title": "State government likely to cut back on welfare schemes", "text": "CHENNAI: Infrastructural projects in sectors like road, power, housing, public transport are likely to be the thrust areas in the Tamil Nadu state budget to be presented on Monday.Having already set a target of 11% growth in gross state domestic product (GSDP) and increase in per capita income by six times over the next 11 years, the state would have to manage its fiscal act better, which may mean cutting back on some welfare schemes or non-plan spending in years to come. A high growth rate would be achievable only by investing huge funds in infrastructural development. Every rupee spent on construction is expected to add close to 80 paise to the GSDP.Going by the ambitious Vision 2023 document of the state government, much of the proposed Rs 15 lakh crore investments in infrastructure are expected to come from the private sector. Still, the state has set a target of contributing 33% of it from its own coffers till 2016, which necessitates large allocations for expenditure on infrastructure in the budget.It will be a tall task given the state's track record. It has accumulated debt of 1.18 lakh crore and the total capital outlay in the 2011-12 budget was barely 16,000 crore. Increased borrowings will derail the fiscal balance the state has been maintaining so far. As against a debt-GSDP ratio of 24.5% (upper limit) prescribed by the 13th Finance Commission, the state has been keeping a healthy ratio of 20.43%. In its effort to further fiscal consolidation, the government has also been maintaining a desirable fiscal deficit-GSDP ratio of 2.9%.Major sources of revenue like commercial tax, registration stamp duty and Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation's liquor sale revenue are expected to continue adding to the coffers in the coming year too. Revenue from the land registration department is likely to cross the 10,000 crore mark with the imminent revision in guideline values. State's revenue receipts, which is expected to be around 64,000 crore during the current fiscal, is likely to cross 75,000 crore next year. But much of the addition will be used up in salary hikes, pensions and subsidies.A senior official in the finance department said the fiscal situation had \"slightly improved\" in the past one year owing to tightening of the purse strings. Finance minister O Paneerselvam's budget speech is also likely to touch upon some of the contentious issues like Mullaperiyar row with the neighbouring Kerala and the progress of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.Interestingly, DMDK chief and opposition leader Vijayakanth will be missing in action on the day of budget as he has to serve the balance of his suspension period. A 10-day suspension from the House was slapped on him towards the end of the last session for his reportedly \"rude behaviour\" and he has served only three days of the suspension so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410294", "title": "PIL filed against civic body", "text": "INDORE: The Lok Adalat has asked the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) to explain why it failed to set up free water kiosks along road sides in the city as the summer has onset. As per the law, it is mandatory for the civic body to make arrangements for drinking water on roadside in summers.Advocate Piyush Verma had filed a PIL with Lok Adalat on Saturday. Following which, the court issued a notice to the civic body, asking for its reply.\"Summer has already arrived but the IMC has not yet made any arrangements for drinking water for people,\" said Verma adding that everyone cannot afford to buy bottled water from the market.He further said that everyday around two lakh people come to city from nearby areas. Driving home his point, the petitioner said as per the Food Security Act, it is the right of every citizen to have access to food and water. Apart from this, under the Municipal Corporation Act 1954, it is duty of the civic body to provide drinking water to its citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412801", "title": "At a higher cost", "text": "The six new All India Institutes of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), being established by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, government of India, under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna, will admit students for its MBBS course on a higher fee as compared to AIIMS, Delhi.The ministry has already finalised the fee structure for the six new centres to be set up at Bhopal, Patna, Jodhpur, Rishikesh, Raipur and Bhubaneswar, respectively. Apart from registration fees and caution money, fees across other heads like tuition fees, hostel fees, etc, have been increased.While the annual fee in AIIMS, Delhi is Rs 970, students studying at the new AIIMS will have to shell out Rs 4,228 for the same.According to Rani Kumar, dean, AIIMS, Delhi, the increase in the fees at all the new institutes is a reasonable increase.She says, AIIMS, Delhi is offering education to students since the last 56 years without having increased a single rupee. Ideally, the administration should have reviewed the fees every five years, which has not happened. Now, if the fee is suddenly increased at AIIMS, Delhi, there will be opposition from students. Hence, while the fee structure here remains the same, fees in the new institutes are higher.The academic session at these centres will begin from August. All admission-related work has been completed at the new centres and admission forms will be available till April 2. The entrance examination will be conducted by AIIMS, Delhi at 17 centres across the country on June 2. Candidates who want to be considered for admission to any of these six institutions apart from AIIMS, Delhi should indicate their preference in the application itself.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412350", "title": "Business Wise", "text": "Cambridge Judge Business School, University of Cambridge , is offering scholarships for 2012 entry to the postgraduate diploma in entrepreneurship through the Entrepreneurship Alumni Scholarship Fund. The fund has been made available by the graduates of the University of Cambridges advanced diploma in entrepreneurship, who wish to support entrepreneurs of the future, especially those who would otherwise be unable to fund their studies.Candidates who meet specific criteria in terms of meeting or exceeding the academic requirements, demonstrating clear entrepreneurial potential and ambition; and the need for financial support would be awarded scholarships of up to 3000. A scholarship committee has been created to oversee the award of scholarships which will work alongside the faculty involved in admissions to the programme to ensure that those receiving scholarships meet the entry criteria for the programme.Joanna Mills, programme director, says, We appreciate the generosity of our alumni and hope this will prove to be the start of a rolling fund with the potential to support many students over the years.Candidates wishing to apply for an alumni scholarship should send a letter of no more than 1,000 words, highlighting their entrepreneurial potential and listing their financial need. The letter should be sent to Elizabeth King, programme and admissions manager for the postgraduate diploma in entrepreneurship at Cambridge Judge Business School, along with a full and completed application for the programme.The deadline for application is April 30.For details, log on to www.cfel.jbs.cam.ac.uk/programmes/diploma/scholarship_fund.htmlCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411747", "title": "Rani's b-day with Aditya Chopra and his family", "text": "The actress celebrated her b'day with her beau and Yash Chopra in the cityIt's been B-town's best kept secret for very long but of late, the elusive couple appears to be throwing caution to the wind. After pictures of them together at the Mumbai airport not so long ago, we've now heard Rani Mukerji was in London last week to celebrate her birthday with Aditya Chopra .A source from Yash Raj Films revealed, \"For the past few years, Rani and Adi have been celebrating their birthdays and all important occasions together. With Adi currently stationed in London to look into his father's directorial venture with Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , Rani decided to take a break from shooting for Anurag Kashyap's Aaiya and flew down to London to celebrate her birthday on March 21 with Adi.\"Reportedly, there was no elaborate party. The couple, along with Yash Chopra and Shahrukh Khan , went for a quiet dinner and spent some quality time together. The entire Chopra family has been staying together at a villa in London. SRK has a house there and so does Katrina.The source further said, \"Rani also visited the sets of Yash Chopra's yet-untitled film. He seems to have given his nod to the relationship, and rumour is that the couple will tie the knot this year.\"Another source told Mirror, \"Rani has always denied dating Adi. But now that the couple have decided to get married this year, she does not want to hide the relationship anymore. So she went to London and even visited the sets where the unit was shooting.\"Meanwhile, Rani Mukerji remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410105", "title": "Politics comes in way of IIT status", "text": "VARANASI: Is the up gradation of IT-BHU into IIT getting delayed because the issue has gained political colours? While the bill paving the way for the conversion of IT-BHU into IIT is still pending in the Rajya Sabha, different sets of opinions and objections are now being raised on the proposals under the bill. They include claims that the status would end up bifurcating the premier engineering institution from BHU, believed to be one of the oldest educational institutes in the country.While the matter was raised by Subramaniam Swamy, national president of Janata Party, and Ashok Singhal, former international president of Vishwa Hindu Parishad, at a joint meeting organised by the BHU Bachao Sangharsh Samiti near the main gate of the varsity on Saturday, the message emanating from the meeting hinted clear opposition to the bill in its present form.\"We will not allow the bill to be passed in Rajya Sabha in its present form. We are not against conversion and up gradation of IT-BHU into IIT but under no circumstances should it be allowed to be bifurcated and alienated from BHU. There is a ploy to bifurcate premier university and we will not allow it,\" said the president of Janata Party streamlining his reservations about the Bill.According to him, the bill that has been passed in the Lok Sabha clearly indicates that the IT-BHU will gain autonomous status after its conversion to IIT. The vice chancellor of the varsity will be chairman of the governing body of IIT for three years and later an independent chairman will be appointed by the Central government. Then, BHU will have no say in the affairs and functioning of the IIT. \"The bill should be sent back to the standing committee and must include the recommendations of the Yashpal Committee,\" he added.Prof Panjab Singh, then vice chancellor of BHU, had sent a proposal to Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for up gradation of the IT-BHU in February 2008. The move was initiated following positive inputs from reports of the two committees constituted by MHRD (Prof SK Joshi committee and Prof Anandkrishnan committee).The MHRD announced the intention of converting IT-BHU to IIT along with eight other new IITs in the country. After several rounds of revision and discussions with MHRD officials, the Institute of Technology (Amendment) Bill was approved by Union Cabinet and subsequently, the bill was passed in Lok sabha on March 24, 2011.Taking exceptions to the objections being raised by some groups of people, Prof Panjab Singh said conversion of IT-BHU into IIT would be beneficial for not only east UP region in general but also for the millennia-old city that had been centre for learning for many years. He also felt that the concerns regarding autonomy of the IIT after being a part of BHU could be taken care of as the VC of BHU would remain chairman of the governing body of IT-BHU at least for three years to begin with.\"These objections are arising out of mere projection of unfounded apprehensions. Once this opportunity is denied due to some minor issues, whole of Poorvanchal (east UP) will be deprived of IIT for long years to come,\" said the former BHU VC, making an appeal to Rajya Sabha members and political parties to pass the bill at the earliest in the coming budget session.It is also worth mentioning that a number of IT-BHU students recently carried procession from main gate of BHU to Sankat Mochan Temple, raising demand for immediate passing of the bill in Rajya Sabha, paving the way for IIT status to one of the oldest engineering institutions in the country. Justice Giridhar Malviya ( Allahabad High Court) and grandson of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, founder of BHU, had also expressed the desire for immediate grant of IIT status to IT-BHU during his recent visit to the university.IT-BHU students have also voluntarily refrained from taking degrees of IT-BHU during the past three convocation functions of the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414533", "title": "Makarand's ready for films", "text": "Makarand Deshpande gets bored easily. And that is probably one of the reasons he's choosy about the films he does.Ask him what his approach is when he is offered a role and he says, \"I don't think I want much,\" he says candidly, \"People do offer roles. But if someone says give me 40 days, I say no. I get bored, specially with the travelling and waiting.\"He's said no to a number of roles for that, including \"Lagaan\". \"I thought time should be on my side, for me to do what I want, specially theatre,\" he says, but now he has time on his hand.\"I've written and done so much, my original productions must be more than 40, so now maybe I would want to act. If someone would call for cameo I would happily go,\" he smiles.He's recently acted in a Malayalam film \" No.66 Madurai Bus\", directed by MA Nishad. \"It's a nice film,\" says Makarand, who believes that it's regional films that are breathing these days. \"Otherwise, I don't think films make such an impact these days, the way earelier films like The Bicycle Thief did,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409997", "title": "District administration to get tough on school vans for norms breach", "text": "BHOPAL: After carrying out a drive to check overcrowding of school buses, the district administration is gearing up to crack down on school vans to ensure that they adhere to safety norms.Deputy commissioner Urmila Shukla, who is coordinating the drive, told TOI, \"School vans are next on the list. The school buses would be monitored for a month after which an action plan for checking of school vans would be carried out. It is definitely in the pipeline.\"She said it had become important to ensure that the school vans adhered to safety rules as a large number of students were using vans. Often eight to ten children are crammed inside them.During the inspection drive on Sunday, it was found that drivers were not wearing uniforms and some of them carrying expired license. Few school buses did not had two gates as is required under the law.According to Ms. Shukla, few school buses were in a bad condition and were apparently unfit to ply on roads. \"Among the buses which were in bad condition were those that belonged to St Joseph's Convent and Sharda Vidya Mandir. Also the buses belonging to the latter were attached to a college as well\", she said.She said some of them were found carrying verification certificates, issued by unauthorized agencies.\"The schools, which had signed an undertaking stating their bus are fit for plying, were also found flouting norms\", she said adding that action would be initiated against all such schools. A notice would be issued to the errant schools, seeking their replies within a week.More than 240 buses, belonging to 32 schools, were inspected on Sunday. Army School, Bairagarh, still did not turn up consecutively on the second day. A total of 468 school buses were inspected during the two day inspection drive conducted by district administration authorities.On Sunday Commissioner Praveen Garg went to two inspection zones, DPS Ratibad and Mother Teresa School, Kolar. Joint director Public Instructions DS Kushwaha, RTO PS Bamroliya and deputy commissioner Urmila Shukla were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409404", "title": "Fire at MRPL land, doused", "text": "A fire was reported on a land acquired by the Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) for its phase-III project on Sunday. The incident occurred when unidentified persons allegedly set fire to hydrocarbon accumulated on top of an open well located in the land.The source of the fire and how it happened requires to be investigated, MRPL in a press release here stated. The security and fire and safety personnel were not allowed to enter the land.It is only with police intervention, MRPLs safety personnel could enter the land and douse the fire, the release stated adding it is pertinent to note that the land is illegally occupied by Gregory Patrao, who had already taken the compensation for vacating the land.\"Patrao continues to occupy MRPL land as a trespasser, despite court orders and orders issued by CM for his evacuation,\" states the release.The CM's order is based on a report of M V Jayanti, regional commissioner, Mysore, who conducted a detailed study of his case. Earlier, MRPL had to relocate polypropylene unit that was supposed to come up on the land and the company had planned to put up tankages required for phase III project. However, MRPL is unable to proceed with this, due to continued illegal stay of Patrao family.Asked who prevented the company's security and fire and safety personnel from entering the land, Manoj Sharma, manager (CC), MRPL said it was Gregory, adding MRPL has filed a complaint with Surathkal police in this regard. Ramesh Hannapur, PSI, Surathkal PS said the complaint of MRPL was being verified as well as claims by Patrao to ownership of land. A case would be registered if found necessary, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407996", "title": "RPF e-link pilot plan on track", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) plans to use a national computer security network for passing on commuters' distress calls to authorities in the concerned jurisdiction.The pilot project will be implemented on Western Railway (WR) and Central Railway (CR) routes.Former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi announced the plan in the budget.\"Existing RPF helplines will be integrated with an all-India passenger helpline to facilitate a faster response to security needs. The national helpline will have a unique three-digit code and will be headquartered in Delhi,\" said a senior official.\"Commuters in distress will be able to dial the toll-free helpline from any part of the country. Phone calls received will be relayed to respective locations through a national computer security network via internet. Calls are likely to be recorded,\" he added.A control room building has been set up in Delhi and RPF personnel are being trained for the job, sources said. Last year, the RPF launched two helplines-1275 (CR) and 1276 (WR)- which receive an average of 25 to 50 calls daily. \"The concept of a security helpline was pioneered by us,\" said RPF inspector general (CR) Anil Sharma.Officials running the WR helpline claim every single complaint received is registered, verified and inquired.\"We receive several calls daily regarding lost or abandoned baggage, accidental deaths and menace of anti-social elements. Our policy is to respond immediately,\" said Rajendra Rupnawar, senior divisional security commissioner of the RPF (WR). \"Last month, a commuter who forgot his laptop on a train was able to retrieve it with our help. We liaison with the local police and fire brigade if the situation arises,\" he added.Rupnawar's wife tested the helpline anonymously during her commute and said it lived up to her expectations. A special squad called 'Mahila Vahini' operates the CR helpline.\"Usually, callers report men travelling illegally in the ladies' compartment, electrical or mechanical snags and disputes among passengers,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12410252", "title": "Pending cases down to 31L in state, says high court chief justice", "text": "PUNE: As many as 23 lakh cases in 2010 and 26 lakh cases in 2011 have been disposed of by courts in the state, chief justice of the Bombay high court Mohit Shah said here on Sunday. Addressing the annual general body meeting of the Maharashtra State Judges Association (MSJA), Shah another 5 lakh cases were disposed since the year began. The pendency of cases in the state has come down to around 31 lakh cases now, he said.Shah said the disposal of cases pending for more than 5 to 10 years has been \"encouraging\" . He also lauded the Maha Lok Adalats for their help in reducing the pendency, saying they had disposed of as many as 7 lakh cases. Shah appealed to judges to strive to end pendency of cases that are 5 to 10 years old, saying cases involving undertrials should be taken up on priority. \"The judiciary should continue with its impressive work. At the same time, it should be keep in mind that the quality of its functioning is not negotiable,\" he said.Shah said various proposals are in the pipeline for upgradation of judiciary quarters and for providing better infrastructure. He said the administration would look into the various issues and problems of the MSJA. One such requirement is an administrative office for the association.Justice P B Majmudar, Justice R C Chavan, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar and president of MSJA Surendra Tavade were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12408243", "title": "Trial run at Mettur plant set to start", "text": "SALEM: The trial run of the 600mw-thermal power station (MTPS) in Mettur would begin within five days, officials of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation officials (TANGEDCO) said on Sunday. State electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan inspected the works at MTPS along with state highways minister Edapadi K Palanisamy and Salem collector K Maharapushanam. The minister also held discussions with officials of TANGEDCO and BGR Energy System Ltd (BGRESL), the private firm building the station.Though the minister didn't address the media, officials later told reporters that the inspection was done on the orders of the chief minister J Jayalalithaa. \"The trial run of the stage 3 of the power plant would start by March end. Initially, 50mw to 80mw of power will be generated. The generation would be increased to the target capacity of 600mw later,\" said SR Manohar, chief engineer, MTPS.To bridge the 3,000mw-power shortfall in the state, the 600mw power generation project was undertaken in the stage 3 of MTPS. The state requires 11,000mw of power, of which 8,000mw is generated from various sources, including 840mw from the two stages of MTPS which are operational. Stage 3 work BGRESL was entrusted with stage 3 of MTPS and work commenced in 2008. The project was estimated to cost Rs 3,550 core.Trial run of stage 3 was to be done in May 2011 and the plant was scheduled to be commissioned in June 2011. But work was not completed on time and the company got exemption for six months from paying the fine. As per the contract, BGRESL is to pay Rs 107 crore for every month of delay. \"The exemption period will end on March 31. But only 60% of the works have been completed so far, which would delay the commissioning and commercial operation of the plant,\" an MTPS official said.The commissioning can be done only after the successful completion of the trial run. The commercial operation will take another three months after the commissioning, he added. When asked the officer about the fine amount, he said, it will paid as per the agreement with the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412873", "title": "Mob kills leopard for attacking people", "text": "GUWAHATI: A mob killed one adult leopard at the Shantinagar hills in Durgasarovar area on Sunday evening when a group of four leopards - including two cubs - strayed into the area and injured four people. The injured were admitted to Gauhati Medical College Hospital and one person, Bhoben Roy, is said to be in critical condition. \"The leopards must have come into the area for prey. But when they attacked four people, the mob killed one of them. The police and forest department officials are searching for the other leopards,\" said a police officer.Locals, however, said that police and forest officials did not reach the spot despite the fact they had been informed. \"When we called the forest office, they said it is a wrong number. Even the police did not reach the spot to rescue the people. Four people were injured in the leopard attack,\" said a local.This year the city has witnessed several incidents of man-animal conflict. In January, four incidents of leopard attacks took place in the city, injuring many and killing one. \"Though state forest minister Rockybul Hussain has announced special action to minimize ssuch incidents, nothing tangible has been done yet,\" said an environmentalist.A group of four leopards - including two cubs - strayed into the Durgasarovar area and injured four people. The mob killed one of them. The police and forest department officials are searching for the other leopards", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412518", "title": "Tina Dutta in a double role", "text": "It isn't often that a TV actor plays a double role. Tina Dutta (Uttaran's Ichcha), has got that chance, now that the show is taking an 18-year time leap.So while the actress will continue to portray a subdued Ichcha, she will also play her 18-year-old chirpy daughter, Meethi, after the leap on March 26.Tina is naturally excited. \"I have been playing Ichcha for the past three years. Today, this role is an extension of me. But now I will also play my own daughter and that's going to be fun. With the leap, I get to experiment with my look and build on my acting skills,\" she says.Meethi is a typical college-going girl, zesty and full of life. \"She wears colourful clothes. She has been raised by her grandmother Ammo and adopted brother Kanha. Ichcha will be released from prison and will make an attempt to start her life afresh. I am really hoping that audiences will like Meethi as much as they like Ichcha,\" she says.Tina will be joined by Sreejita De, who will play Mukta (Tapasya's daughter). Incidentally, Sreejita was almost finalised to play Ichcha when the show took off, but things didn't work out in the end. Sreejita is happy to come on board finally.Even as the new characters make their way in, oldtimers Jogi Thakur, Ammo and Nani will continue their innings on the popular show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412374", "title": "Stage Craft", "text": "Even two decades ago, a full-time career in theatre was not viable. Now it is, says Anuradha Kapur, Director, National School of Drama, on the eve of World Theatre Day (March 27)There has been a history of theatre obituaries. First with the advent of cinema, and then with the emergence of television. However, theatre has survived it all, and the audience is only growing. What gives theatre its connect with the audience is actors performing live in front of and for the crowd.For people choosing theatre, be it today or 30 years ago, the motivation has remained unchanged. What has changed over time is the fact that theatre is today considered mainstream and a career as an artist is a viable option.India &amp; the worldIn theatre or drama schools across the world, there are multiple specialisations and even schools to choose from, which include children's theatre, physical theatre, community drama, etc. With not many options available in India, the focus here is to try and give students as varied a vocabulary as possible so that they can then choose the area that suits them best. Therefore, the primary focus here is on practice. Practice-oriented institutes adopt an academic strategy of presenting different methodologies of acting, direction, design, etc, so that students have as many vocabularies and working knowledge in the field as possible.What it takesIf one wants to make theatre a profession, one has to go through the rigours of it. One of the first things an arts institute hopes to do is to make students understand that theatre is work.Career optionsToday, actors are beginning to see themselves as the leaders of what they want to do, not necessarily just a part of a project. Hence, besides acting for groups or companies, an independently functioning artist is also a growing trend where actors make their own shows.There has also been a quantum jump in the allied careers in theatre, like lighting, theatre management, which involves running the show; event management, make-up, scenic design, sound design, and costume - opportunities in all of which are growing exponentially.Even two decades ago, a full-time career in theatre was not viable. Now it is. Today there are remunerative careers in theatre.Theatre thrivesCommercial theatre is active in Maharashtra and Gujarat and has a devoted audience. The Mobile Theatre of Assam is one of the most successful urban, commercial theatre movements in India. It has a huge turnover and a handsome salary structure for the lead artists. It is not only economically viable with a huge following but technologically innovative too.TechnologyTechnology in theatre - projection, new media input, lights as installation, is used today to give a different theatre experience. There is also an interesting debate about whether or not technology should be used, and in what measure.What is important is that today, there are increased choices for students. Across the world, there is a lot of traffic between cinema and theatre, which is negligible here. We require repertory companies who can provide opportunities for artists to experiment and help theatre take the next step forward.- As told to Diptiman Dewan-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Performance, The New TheatreArjun Ghosh, theatre artist, and faculty, department of humanities and social sciences, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi, shares his view on some new trends in the study and practice of theatreAcademically, in the world of theatre, study of performance and drama is catching up as a trend. There are two kinds of performances - one, which is 'the' performance and second, an act in real life, for example, someone playing football.The second kind is a performance, much beyond the stage experience. For example, the recent anticorruption movement led by social activist, Anna Hazare , can be a perfect example of performances, which are in the moment of social change. This is also called political or protest theatre.Performance studies are popular and are being taken up by many theatre students these days. However, nothing much has happened in India in the last five-10 years. Here, theatre as a career option is not lucrative. In contrast, globally, theatre is a viable profession in countries like Italy, France, Britain and Australia. This is because they get a lot of government funding.But, on a brighter side, a lot of exciting work is happening outside the government ambit. Many independent theatre groups are coming up, which besides staging plays also run as training schools and are producing good artists.- As told to Vatsala ShrangiCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410098", "title": "Wait for super specialty trauma centre lengthens", "text": "VARANASI: The wait for the first super specialty trauma centre under the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) gets longer .The construction work attached with super specialty trauma centre of BHU was scheduled to be completed by April this year. It promised one of the biggest gifts to patients belonging to East UP, Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Northern MP and Jharkhand in the golden jubilee year of the Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS). The delay in the work already indicates that the ambitious project may not see the light of the day even this year.The civil work in the much-awaited trauma centre has been almost completed and only some part of construction of modular kitchen, gas pipeline and other work giving finishing touch to the building in the super specialty centre are left. \"The CPWD promised to come up with completion of civil work at the end of April this year, but, now, they are asking for extension, which promises to delay the project. We have also lodged complaint with Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, New Delhi, attracting attention on the slow pace of development in the past 11 months,\" informed Prof TM Mohapatra, director, IMS, BHU.It may be mentioned here that the construction of the trauma centre of BHU was started in 2009 and the ambitious project looked set to be completed in two years period. Last year (2011) witnessed intensified efforts for establishment of super specialty trauma centre in the university and a number of state-of-the-art equipments worth Rs 21 crore were procured. A fund of Rs 47 crore was released for construction of modular kitchen and gas pipeline that was set to be spent in three phases.Saying that mere construction of building and civil work for the trauma centre did not ensure its start, IMS director emphasised that the trauma centre would require manpower to make its beginning soon. A proposal for recruitment of healthcare staff has been made under the 12th five year plan and the entire process would take some time. Despite all the odds, we hope that the trauma centre gets early start without witnessing further delay this year, he added on the occasion.It is also worth mentioning that 324-bed trauma centre of BHU promises to be one of the biggest in the country, even bigger than AIIMS, New Delhi that has 100-bed trauma centre. A number of specialised departments under the Faculty of Medicine including Orthopaedics, Neurosurgery, Plastic Surgery and Cardio-Vascular surgery will also be part of the trauma centre. The centre has already attracted funding of Rs 100 crore from UGC and Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, New Delhi for the mega project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414799", "title": "'Aakula Katta' title to get registered", "text": "It is a common feature to see that most of the titles that are coming for Telugu films these days are picked from the lines of a song or a dialogue. In this process, one phrase has become quite famous among the masses. This is 'Aakula Katta' from the latest release 'Ee Rojullo'.While the context of that has raised the eyebrows of many, it is heard that 'Aakula Katta' has been registered as a cinema title. Sources say the man to do that is Allari Ravi Babu. As such, Ravi Babu is known for his youth entertainers and there are many scenes in his movies which tend to have double entendres.Ravi Babu is currently busy with the shooting of a new movie which has Harshavardan Rane of 'Takita Takita' fame. So, it is not sure if 'Aakula Katta' would be used for this project. On the other hand, 'Ee Rojullo' has struck a chord with the young masses and it has been riding high with success.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409368", "title": "Wazirabad carriageway opens", "text": "NEW DELHI: A carriageway on the western approach road of the Wazirabad signature bridge project was thrown open on Sunday. Commuters travelling between Kashmere Gate ISBT and Azadpur will now be able to zip through north Delhi on this three-lane carriageway on the flyover. Although the carriageway is meant for traffic movement from Azadpur to ISBT, traffic from ISBT to Azadpur will also be allowed till the other carriageway is completed.The Delhi Tourism and Transportation Development Corporation ( DTTDC), the agency in charge of the project, opened the carriageway for a trial run on Sunday. It was found functioning smoothly on the first day and many more commuters will use it from Monday. The opposite carriageway is expected to be open by June.The 1200-metre, three-lane carriageway will accommodate all types of vehicles. The flyover will help commuters avoid the unending traffic jam in the area as commuters have to cross two congested traffic intersections - Wazirabad and Timarpur - while commuting between ISBT and GT Karnal Road. Now, the 30-minute drive will take a few minutes.The eastern approach, being built over the congested Khajuri Khas intersection, is expected to be completed by the end of this year. The deadline for the main signature bridge itself is December 2013.The signature bridge project was proposed in 1997 and was slated to be completed before the Commonwealth Games . The project cost has escalated to Rs 630 crore from the original estimate of Rs 460 crore because of the delay. Overall, the signature bridge and its two approach roads, together called the Wazirabad bridge project, will cost the government Rs 1,131 crore. The project includes construction of a main cable-stayed bridge, the western and eastern approach roads, pedestrian subways, road signage, landscaping and horticulture work. The bridge will have a bow-shaped pylon in the middle. Two high towers will be placed on the inner periphery of the carriageway to provide double support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409785", "title": "Hand made phulkari takes centre stage at expo", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjabis love phulkaris and those made in places like Patiala are always in demand. But Pakistani phulkaries at the ongoing Made in Pakistan exposition at Himachal Bhawan in Sector 28, Chandigarh, have their own charm with hand-made intricate designs at most stalls having sold out by Sunday. In India phulkari is now machine-made too, and the difference was quite apparent when one looked at the work at the expo.Across the border, making phulkari still remains a favourite pastime for young girls and also a means of livelihood for many.Shaista Bibi, a Pakistani trader said, The very first difference between what is available in India and Pakistan is that in the former country maximum number of phulkaries are made on machines, except for those in Patiala and some other areas, while in Pakistan we still make phulkaries with hand. It takes more than five months to embroider a full dupatta with phulkari.Bibi Syeda Abida, another Pakistani trader said, Our phulkari designs are closely stitched and at first look one feels it seems machine-made but that is not the case. Our girls count threads while they embroider. It is a difficult task as no trace paper or markings are used and the design is only in their mind. Tehmina Faheem, another trader from Pakistan said, The money is for the intricate work. Even if there is one small mistake, the work has to start all over again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408663", "title": "Sub-inspector arrested for demanding bribe of Rs 25,000", "text": "PUNE: A police sub-inspector attached to the Yerawada police station was arrested on Sunday by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, for allegedly demanding Rs 25,000 as bribe from a woman for not taking legal action against her husband.The ACB has identified the accused as Jagannath Shevale of Shastrinagar in Yerawada. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Daisy David of Kalyaninagar with the ACB.Speaking to TOI, ACB assistant police commissioner Rajendra Galande said that David and her husband suspected that the couple living in their neighbouring flat was running a sex racket. \"Late in the night on March 22, there was a lot of noise coming from the flat and David's husband went over and asked them to stop the racket. However, he and the couple had heated arguments and the couple manhandled David's husband,\" he said.David contacted the police control room and informed them about the incident. Shevale, who was on night duty, went to the housing society and told David and her husband to come to the Ramwadi police chowkey. \"Before David and her husband reached the chowkey, the couple had already lodged a complaint against David's husband,\" he said.\"David said that Shevale refused to take their complaint. On the other hand, he arrested her husband under section 151 of criminal procedure code (arrest to prevent the commission of cognizable offences). Shevale then demanded Rs 25,000 from David for not keeping her husband in the police lock up. David withdrew Rs 25,000 from an ATM and gave it to Shevale in the night,\" he added.Shevale released David's husband only around 11 am on March 23. However, he demanded Rs 25,000 more for not taking action against her husband under section 107 of the criminal procedure code (security for keeping the peace in other cases). \"David then approached the ACB and lodged a complaint against Shevale,\" Galande said.He said that after investigating David's complaint, the ACB arrested Shevale on Sunday for allegedly demanding Rs 25,000 as a bribe from David. \"We will produce him before the court on Monday.\"The ACB investigating team comprised police inspectors Kanchan Jadhav and Prakash Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409952", "title": "Full-time work drops by 10% across state", "text": "A 10 % drop in full-time employment has occurred in the state in the last two years, a government survey has found. The survey, conducted by the Directorate of Economics and Statistics (DES), took into account salaried employees and regular wage workers.The first exercise, with a sample size of 30,026 households, was carried out from July 2009 to June 2010. The second, with a sample size of 15,120 households, is for July 2011 to June 2012. The interviewees were aged 15-59. The findings, included in the latest economic survey, indicate that the shift in employment behaviour is most evident among graduates and literates without formal schooling, implying that both capital and labour intensive sectors are witnessing the trend. The changes were noticed when the state's economy, which was experiencing a slump in 2008-09, began to revive.Sanjay Deshmukh, labour commissioner till recently, said the trend could be observed in both the organized and unorganized sectors. \"There has been a drop in full-time jobs and a sizeable increase in contract jobs. This is because employers are cutting down costs by offering assignments on contract.\"While economist Ajit Ranade felt the trend was in sync with economic and industrial expansion, which had opened up new avenues in both while- and blue-collar jobs, labour sociology expert Sharit Bhowmick said, \"While the economy is expanding, the nature of jobs on offer is a cause for concern.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12413398", "title": "Govt orders CBI probe into Army chief\u2019s graft charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday ordered a CBI inquiry into the allegation made by Army chief Gen V K Singh that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe by a lobbyist.A CBI probe was ordered by defence minister A K Antony in the wake of the Army chief's allegation, defence ministry officials said.Earlier, both houses of Parliament were adjourned till 2pm after the opposition MPs created a ruckus over the disclosures made by the Army chief.Terming Gen Singh's allegations as \"serious\", Antony told reporters outside Parliament, \"We have to handle it...I have taken action.\"When asked if the Army chief had informed him about the bribe offer, he said, \"Parliament is in session.\"In an interview to a newspaper, the Army chief alleged that an equipment lobbyist offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore, which he had reported to the Defence Minister.He said the lobbyist offered him the bribe in order to have a tranche of 600 sub-standard vehicles of a particular make cleared for purchase.\"Just imagine, one of these men had the gumption to walk up to me and tell me that if I cleared the tranche, he would give me Rs 14 crore. He was offering a bribe to me, to the Army chief. He told me that people had taken money before me and they will take money after me,\" Gen Singh said.Reacting to the allegation leveled by Gen Singh, BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said, \"Both the Defence Minister and the Army chief should have acted immediately.\"It is a criminal act and nobody should be allowed to go scot free after offering a bribe,\" he told reporters outside Parliament.Information and Broadcasting Minister Ambika Soni said, \"Whenever such allegation is leveled by any senior official, the government makes sure that it is clarified.\"\"He (Gen Singh) has said a very serious thing in his statement and every thing should be made clear in black and white,\" she said.On the statement of Gen Singh, former Army chief Deepak Kapoor said, \"It is below my dignity to comment on the allegation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409327", "title": "Opposition too against hike in taxes", "text": "NAGPUR: Just like the BJP-led ruling alliance in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the Congress-led opposition too does not want any hike in taxes in the municipal commissioner's budget. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will present the revised budget of current fiscal and budget for ensuing fiscal 2012-13 on March 26.Leader of opposition group and former mayor Vikas Thakre told TOI the administration should increase revenue without increasing taxes, by reducing administrative expenses and illegal expenditure. \"Octroi is the major revenue for NMC. Officials concerned are engaged in giving exemptions to businessmen when they should be collecting 10 times penalty. It is a major revenue loss for the cash-strapped NMC. Besides, the evasion in octroi is still too high. Proper measures should be taken to stop evasion to increase revenue,\" he said.Thakre added that the ruling party had given offices, vehicles and other facilities to party groups illegally. \"Administration should not allow such illegal expenditure, and actually recover the last regime's expenditure to add to the revenue. Over 98 lakh were distributed to cultural events illegally and should be recovered. The administrative expenses are very high and should be reduced. Besides, corporators funds should be increased to 20 lakh from existing 13 lakh,\" he said.Senior Congress corporator and member of standing committee Praful Gudadhe said the budget should be a realistic one and not a fantasy one. \"Jaiswal should concentrate on completion of ongoing and proposed projects. The projects under JNNURM are going on at a snail's pace and require proper road map for completion. More importance should be given on maintenance works rather than new projects. Ward and zone funds should be provided as per requirement, instead of equal portions to all zones,\" he said.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye said Jaiswal should not propose hike in taxes for increase in revenue. \"New sources of revenue should be devised. Besides, the levy of 24% interest per year for delay in paying property tax should be immediately suspended. The government had asked to implement the interest from April 2011, but not on the arrears of past years,\" he said.Jaiswal will present the budget to the standing committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari. Jaiswal's budget will come into effect from April 1, as it will not be possible for Tiwari to present his budget before the commencement of next fiscal. Later, Tiwari will present the budget which will supersede Jaiswal's budget, probably in April-end or May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12414422", "title": "Team Anna comes under sharp attack in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Monday came under sharp attack in Lok Sabha with members from all sides slamming civil society members for using derogatory language against parliamentarians during a day long fast here.Even as members spoke against Team Anna, MPs from Congress belonging to Telangana as also those from TRS and TDP rushed to Well shouting slogans in support of statehood.Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj said that by speaking against democratic institutions, the civil society members were indirectly inviting dictatorship.She said while on the one hand, it wants the Lokpal Bill to be cleared by Parliament and on the other, it was accusing the MPs of being corrupt.She said if MPs were \"looters\", \"corrupt\" and \"rapists\", then why did Team Anna send three of its demands to be incorporated in a resolution passed by Parliament.Swaraj recalled that BJP, along with other opposition parties, had supported Anna Hazare's demand for a strong Lokpal Bill and had even slammed the government for brining a \"weak\" legislation.She said the issue was not limited to an individual or a group of MPs but the entire institution which is the anchor of democracy in the country.JD-U leader and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav accused Team Anna of targeting him and found support from Swaraj.He also sought to know how many Team Anna members have gone to jail for raising issues of public interest. \"I have been to jail...I have fought all my life,\" said a visibly agitated Yadav.Demanding a resolution against Team Anna for using derogatory language, Yadav said Anna Hazare , who was present during yesterday's token fast, should have stopped his colleagues from targeting Parliament and using such a language against parliamentarians.Accusing Team Anna of \"working against Parliament,\" he said MPs have often raised the issue of corruption inside the House.He recalled that some MPs had to lose their membership in the cash-for-query scam. \"We had raised the issue of 2G scam ,\" he said.As he attacked Team Anna, Congress members were seen thumping desks in his support.Sanjay Nirupam (Cong) claimed that some \"outside powers\" were trying to destabilise the Indian system through NGOs as they were jealous of the country's development.He said while he too had earlier supported Team Anna's fight against corruption, now it seemed that the group was waging a fight against the \"political class\".Several NDA members were seen supporting Nirupam's demand that a probe must be ordered to ascertain who was supporting Team Anna.Basudeb Acharia (CPI-M) said the attack on MPs was not an attack on an individual but on the reputation of the entire House.Demanding action against the civil society members, Shailendra Kumar (SP) said the attack on Constitution should be slammed by all.He said all MPs should come forward to defend the \"temple of democracy\".All the while, slogan shouting on Telangana issue continued and Deputy Speaker Kariya Munda adjourned the House for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12410240", "title": "Servant arrested for robbery", "text": "NOIDA: Police on Sunday arrested a household help and claimed to have bust a burglary case. The help, Raghu Yadav, is a native of Jharkhand and cash and jewellery worth of lakhs of rupees has been recovered from him. A senior police officer said the accused was recently employed by Siddharth Jethiya, a resident of sector 44 running a spectacles shop in Connaught Place in Delhi.Police added that the servant had been employed a fortnight ago and was yet to be verified with the police. \"The robbery took place a day before Holi, on March 6, when the victim had gone to see a movie with his family. The accused broke open two almirahs with an iron rod and stole one lakh in cash and jewellery worth of Rs 30 lakh,\" said the cop.When the victim returned, he found the house door ajar. He then called the sector 49 police station. Asked how police managed to arrest the accused, the police official said that the phone number of the accused number was put on surveillance. When police got his location in Jharkhand, a team was sent to arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408418", "title": "Gujarat University spent 2.5 crore on private security over past six years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has spent close to Rs 2.5 crore on private security guards in the last six years. While the expenditure was revealed in an executive meeting of the university on Saturday, Congress leader and Gujarat University (GU) syndicate member Manish Doshi has raised concerns over the expenditure alleging lack of accountability and calling the expense illogical.The amount of expenditure on private security guards came to light when Doshi raised questions over it in an executive meeting on Saturday. \"It turned out that the annual expenditure of the university rapidly grew from over Rs 33 lakh in the year 2005-06 to over Rs 52 lakh in the year 2010-11. The total expenditure of the university on security guards in the last six years comes to around Rs 2.5 crore,\" said Doshi.Arguing the expenditure as illogical, Doshi said, \"The University is missing out on several facilities like drinking water and toilet both in the university and the hostels, food and so on one hand. On the other hand, a huge amount of money is spent on private security guards. The number of security guards have increased from around 90 in the year 2005-6 to more than 200 in the year 2010-11. Why does the university need so many security guards when it has also allotted land for a police station in the university grounds?\"Doshi said the university has no proper accounts of numbers, duration, location and purpose of engaging the security guards. \"It is a pitiable and illogical waste of the university fund which comes from students' fees and grants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12409580", "title": "Want baby? Drink 2 cups of tea daily", "text": "LONDON: Health benefits of tea are many. Now, add one more to the long list - drinking two cups of the hot beverage everyday could boost a woman's chances of having a baby, says a new study. Researchers at Boston University have found that woman are 27% more likely to become pregnant if they drink tea regularly compared with those who don't - in fact, they say the antioxidants in the beverage actually aid fertility.What's worrying is that the same study found consuming two fizzy drinks daily can well reduce a woman's prospects of conceiving - whether the drink is a diet or a sugary version , the 'Daily Mail' reported.In fact, the study has found that women who drink soft drinks twice a day can reduce their chances of becoming pregnant by 20%. However, there's no effect on the chances of pregnancy for women who prefer to drink coffee. The researchers have based their findings on an analysis of a group of 3,600 women who were actively trying for a baby over a period of one year.Lead author professor Elizabeth Hatch said: \"We found that women who drank tea two or three times a day did have a 27% increased chance of becoming pregnant. We don't know how they took the tea or if they added milk or lemon, but they had this increased chance of getting pregnant over women who did not drink tea at all. It may be linked to caffeine. I think drinking two or three cups of tea a day for anyone wishing to get pregnant will be fine. There may be other factors. The tea drinkers tended to be older women and there may be something else in their lifestyle that helped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408535", "title": "World Bank to infuse $152m to boost UP\u2019s ailing health sector", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to induce a fresh life into the ailing health services delivery system in Uttar Pradesh, the World Bank has signed a $152 million deal with the Central and UP governments. The funds will be used to finance the government's efforts to improve the efficiency, quality, and accountability of health services in the state.The project, called the Uttar Pradesh Health Systems Strengthening Project (UPHSSP) for India, has been financed by a credit from the International Development Association (IDA) - the World Bank's concessionary lending arm. Apart from strengthening the delivery mechanisms, the objective of the project is also to improve the state health department's management and systems capacity.The UPHSSP project, which was approved by the World Bank in December 2011, will run in two parts; the first component involving strengthening the department of health's management and accountability systems. In this part, funds will be used to make the strategic planning functions of the health department stronger. This will be done by working closely with the recently established Health and Knowledge Resource Centre (HKRC) in the family welfare department. Funds will also be used to improve the existing Electronic Data Processing (EDP) and to strengthen the use of financial information for better decision making through the existing accounting and auditing systems.The second component will stress on engaging with the private sector, an area where UP has been a laggard. This will include establishment of and capacity building for Quality Assurance (QA), Environment Management (EM) and Public Private Partnerships (PPP) cells in the directorate of health. To assist public sector hospitals in getting accreditation under the National Accreditation Board of Hospitals (NABH), the project funds will also be used to improve the quality of service delivery at such hospitals. The project will also emphasise contracting the private sector for delivering diagnostic and non-clinical support services, apart from being used hiring accredited health managers at facility levels.With UP having among the poorest health indicators in the country, the financial assistance, the Central government officials said, would support the state government pilot mechanisms at the health facility and village levels to allow people to know what they can expect from health service providers and are to increase their accountability.The IDA will finance the project with a final maturity of 25 years including a grace period of five years and a 1.25% interest rate. ``Today institutional constraints to better health services are affecting the entire population of UP, particularly the poor. Through this project we hope to build the necessary institutional capacity of the state to achieve sustainable health outcomes,\" Sanjay Agarwal, principal secretary, department of medical health and family welfare, said, after the MoU between the Centre, UP government and World Bank was signed.The project follows the UP Health Systems Development Project, which was operational in UP between 2000 and 2008 to support investment in secondary health care services and systems. Under this project, the World Bank had infused funds for primary and preventive health services in national programs for reproductive and child health, immunization, polio eradication and disease control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408918", "title": "21 turtles saved from the cooking pot at Mapusa", "text": "PANAJI: A few fresh water terrapins escaped from ending up as a delicacy on somebody's dinner table as wildlife activities rescued them from poachers at a spring in Acoi, Mapusa on Sunday.Four persons from Fatorda have been arrested after a wildlife activist alerted his Bicholim-based NGO, animal rescue squad, and the volunteers rushed to the site along with forest department officials.A total of 21 turtles in a cement bag were seized from the four persons from their vehicle. \"Eight of them are Indian soft or flap-shelled turtle species (Lisemys punctata) and 13 belong to Indian snail-eating turtle species (Melanochelys trijuga),\" World Wide Fund for Nature, Goa, director Nitin Sawant said.\"The accused had reached the spring quite early and were trying to leave the scene with the catch,\" Amrut Singh of animal rescue squad said.Fresh water terrapins face slaughter after they emerge from their hibernation towards the approach of monsoon. \"They are considered a delicacy in Goa and are consumed all over the state, especially Pernem, Sattari and coastal areas,\" Sawant said.The soft-shelled species come under Schedule 1 (part 2) and the snail eating species under Schedule 4 of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972. \"Though their shell feels hard if knocked, they are called soft shelled due to the soft skin or coating over it,\" Campal range forest officer (wildlife) Amar Heblekar said.Just as there is poaching of frogs at the onset of the monsoon, the slow moving amphibians also appear under serious threat, wildlife activists say.\"Poachers catch turtles and hang them upside down for a few days to remove the bad odour and then roast them and remove their shell before cooking and eating them,\" Sawant said.The concentration of turtles in the spring may have been due to drying up of the fields in the vicinity of the spring. \"They become highly vulnerable to poachers in such conditions,\" Singh added. Added Sawant, \"Along with frog, they should be included in monsoon patrolling.\"During winter, the amphibians bury themselves and hibernate for four months or even more.The turtles were taken to the animal rescue centre at Campal while the four accused-Thomas Barbosa, Pobrick Marian Colaco, Agustino Fernandes and Lourdino Philip Rebello-all from Fatorda have been arrested. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412275", "title": "TFPC, FEFSI on Warpath", "text": "The Tamil Film Producers' Council is all set to form a new federation of workersThe tussle between the Tamil Film Producers' Council (TFPC) and the Film Employees' Federation of South India (FEFSI) over the wage issue has split K-Town. They have been at loggerheads since January and now, the producers have decided to form a new federation with workers who will agree to work on their terms.What is rumoured to have fuelled this development is the disruption caused by FEFSI workers during the shooting of Karthi's Alex Pandian. Producers claim that the workers were instigated by director Ameer, the head of FEFSI's wage group, on account of his recent fallout with producer Gnanavel Raja. FEFSI members maintain that this is a diversionary tactic employed by the TFPC to break their union.Says T Siva, vice president, TFPC, \"There is no respect for the producers or their decisions and so we have decided not to work with FEFSI. We were against their intervention in the Gnanavel Raja issue and had wanted an assurance that they wouldn't interfere in such matters but got no reply. So, we are boycotting all the negotiations and going for a new federation.\"The producers have now decided to create the Tamil Thiraipada Thozhilaalargal Amaippu and only those who have registered with this organization will be allowed to work on Tamil films. It will start functioning from May 2. The producers have also decided not to begin any new film till April 30. The TFPC has sent out a letter informing this decision to the state labour commission, but has got no reply as yet.Meanwhile, FEFSI members insist that they have always been ready for talks. \"A couple of days ago, K Balachander tried to mediate but they never responded properly to that gesture. The producers have been coming up with various reasons for breaking away from the talks but the actual issue is the infighting that is going on between them,\" says G Siva, secretary, FEFSI.Talking about the producers' decision to form a separate body of workers, he says, \"Employers forming an association for workers is an oxymoron. The bodies under FEFSI have been formed over the course of the last 50 years. There have been attempts earlier at breaking our organization. Even in 1995, a few sections left us at the behest of the producers to create a rival body but they ultimately lost out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407836", "title": "Cases caught at international airport dip", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of bogus passports and fake visas caught at the Mumbai international airport has declined over the last two years. In 2011, 440 such cases were detected, which was about 25% less than 2010's tally of 599.Officers credit the change to the fear that the sophisticated technology at the airport has engendered among criminals. The airport has UV-ray machines connected to computers that are linked to a database of all Indian passports issued. When an immigration official places a passport on the machine, it searches for every alteration. Officials say it can detect photo substitution, page substitution, forged central stitching (fluorescent), lack of arrival or departure stamp, forged visa, and wrong 'protector of emigrants' entries.Since 1994, over 11,000 forged passports and bogus visas have been caught at the Chhattrapati Shivaji International Airport. In 2007, 610 counterfeit passports and visas were detected and the next year 467. In 2009, the figure rose to 726 but has steadily declined thereafter. Police say the seized passports are sent to the Regional Passport Office for verification and produced before court, which orders that they be sealed. All seized passports are kept in safe lockers at the Sahar police station and a policeman maintains a record of them.In the last two years, about 4,500 people have reclaimed their passport after getting the court's permission. \"They also have to sign a surety bond on a stamp paper to get back the passport. If the same person is caught a second time, the passport is cancelled for life and the individual is fined Rs 15,000,\" said senior inspector Jaiprakash Giram of Sahar police.On an average, the police say they discover about two or three cases every two days of people trying to travel abroad on forged passport or bogus visa. \"The cases that were registered in the past several years range from forged stamps and signatures to tampered photographs,\" said inspector Uttam Kolekar.Kolekar said that only 2% of the seized passports were found to be made in Mumbai. \"The agents involved in the racket are not based in Mumbai and therefore it is very difficult to trace them,\" he said. Many flyers, he added, are tricked by agents, who hand over the passports at the airport's entrance. This makes it hard for flyers to know if the visa stamp is genuine or fudged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412870", "title": "T'wood at the premiere of 'Abar Byomkesh'", "text": "The archetypal Bangali super-sleuth is back and how! On Friday, a city theatre saw almost the whole of Tollywood come down to catch the premiere of \" Abar Byomkesh\".We spotted a very jittery Byomkesh aka Abir Chatterjee being mobbed by the crowd at the do. \"I am so nervous that I don't know what I am saying or doing. Well, the crowd surely wants a piece of me, but I just hope they love the film too,\" he said.Busybee Anjan Dutt was seen standing at the door, asking everyone to get inside. When we caught up with him, he said, \"The character of Byomkesh is very popular. People want to see a detective thriller. You see Feluda is a huge hit because of this, and I am very confident about Byomkesh too.\"Ushashie, who was sporting her look from the film, was seen sitting all by herself. Nervous, we asked. \"I've already seen the film. I am a bit tense since this is my first major work. However, I expect that the viewers will love the film,\" she said.No thriller is complete without its intriguing music and talking about it, composer Neel Dutt said, \"If the music of a film stands out, it does not make much sense. It has to be in sync with the film and that's what we have tried to do.\"After the initial hullabaloo, silence descended on the audi as it was time for the film to begin. An eager Kaushik Sen said, \"I am dying to catch the film. It's difficult to wait any longer.\"Also Spotted: Arindam Sil, Subrata Sen, Aniket Chattopadhyay, Birsa Dasgupta, Kanchana Moitra, Sujan Mukherjee, Churni Ganguly, Sudipa Bose, Arghyakamal Mitra, Pijush Ganguly, Hiraan &amp; Srijit Mukherji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "rakh bagh", "code": "12408640", "title": "Himanshu tops Punjab judicial exam", "text": "RAKH BAGH: At 23, Himanshu Arora can already see his dream come true. He has come first in the Punjab Judicial Services exam, whose result was announced late on Saturday night. Himanshu is now deciding whether to join the judiciary of Punjab or Haryana since he had secured the second rank in the Haryana Judicial Services. He will soon get the appointment letter for judicial magistrate first class. The first year will be considered as training period.In the middle of answering congratulatory calls at his Rakh Bagh home, Himanshu said he is very excited. \"I used to study for about five hours every day. My day started with making a schedule of portion I wanted to cover that day,'' he said adding that he has not yet decided which judiciary to opt for though he is leaning more towards the Punjab judiciary because it will make him an officer in his home state.An alumnus of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Himanshu said he took coaching to crack the judicial exams. My teachers Rajinder Kaur and Anil Khanna motivated me a lot and I owe them this success,'' he said.In 2010, Himanshu had got the third position in Punjab judiciary examination but reappeared for the exam because he was not satisfied with the result.Himanshu said his father S K Arora is an additional district and sessions judge in Ludhiana and his mother Seema is a district attorney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409221", "title": "Landmark may set up theme park in city", "text": "NAGPUR: American industry major Landmark Entertainment Group may help set up a theme park near city.The company on Sunday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with a local realty firm Credence Infraventures that will be providing 300 acres land for the theme park. Although Landmark is a prominent name in the US entertainment industry, Credence remains a less known entity even in the local realty circles. This company was represented by Siddhartha Gedam as the director who said the land was held jointly by 3-4 persons but refused to divulge their names.The land is reported to be located at Sumthana village near Mihan project. Landmark formed in 1980 has theme parks in US, based on concepts like Terminator, Jurassic Park, and Spiderman. It has worked on conceptualization for several other set-ups in entrainment business and is also planning to come up with a theme park in China.The final agreement with Credence is yet to happen as negotiations continue. If the deal works out, it will be Landmark's first theme park in the country. The MoU was signed at a seminar organized by the US Asia Business Forum (USABF), a group promoting business ties with American companies. It has an American realtor of Indian origin Kevin Kaul as founder. Kaul projects USABF as a not for profit organization acting as a facilitator for prospective business partnerships.Landmark's CEO Tony Christopher said company also had Navi Mumbai on its radar, however, preferred a smaller city like Nagpur as it was easy to get bureaucratic clearances at such places. Landmark will be providing the idea for the park which would be developed after an in-depth study of the local culture and preferences.He stressed that its role will be that of a service provider and not an investor. Christopher said he had not visited the site but had only seen the map.Rajesh Dhake, chairman of USABF, added that the park would come as a joint effort of different partners, with Landmark developing the theme, funds coming from US-based Ed-Fortin and land from Credence. Krishna Shah, director of 1970s movie Shalimar, was also claimed to be contributing to the venture. Shah was present in the meeting too. Total capital expenditure is expected to be around Rs 1,500 crore, he said. Dhake is a builder from Mumbai.Meanwhile, Poland's Tewes BIS is scouting for dealers for milk processing machines. Anna Kalata, company's managing director and also former labour minister of Poland , said the company was marketing an automated production line for making paneer (cottage cheese) and was in talks with dairy majors like Amul. It also wants distributors all over the country. The company is examining a proposal with a city-based food joint owner Praveen Gadhpal.Gadhpal, on the other hand, is also scouting for a US investor in his dairy project at Kondhali.Meanwhile, Dhake's firm Prachin Group signed MoUs on manganese and limestone mining with two local firms. The firm with manganese mines is reported to be headed by Saurabh Rai, who currently runs a tannery business, said an official of USABF and the limestone quarries belong to Sumeet Limestone of one M V Mohary. The two were not available for interaction with media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411841", "title": "Vivek Oberoi's gangster avatar", "text": "Mirror catches Vivek in his third gangster getup, on the sets of Kumar Taurani's nextKumar Taurani or Tips has never invited the media on the first day of shoot for any of his films. The producer made an exception for Mirror. And thus, by noon on Saturday, we reached Khotachi Wadi, with rows of artistic houses in the midst of Girgaon, Mumbai on the sets of Taurani's next (working title Jayanta Bhai). Lead actors Vivek Oberoi and Neha Sharma were already there, considering the call time was an early 7 am. The shot involved Vivek running through the by-lanes with Neha on his back. All of a sudden, someone yelled, \"Arrey! Nargis Fakhri hai.\"As for Vivek's identity, there was no such confusion. Everybody wanted a sneak peek at their favourite gangster. Interestingly, Vivek's getup reminded us of his role in RGV's Company. The only difference, we noticed, were his bulging muscles. \"That's for Krrish 3,\" quipped the actor. In the meantime, debutant director Vinnil Markan and his young team prepared for the shot. Though it is his first film, Markan looked completely relaxed and in control. \"Its scary, everyone on the set is calling it a big day. Right now I am only concentrating on the job in hand,\" the director shared his mantra with us.With the shot 'okayed', it was time for lunch. Vivek invited us to his swanky vanity van. While the actor sat on his massage chair getting ready for the next shot, we noticed a guitar attached to one of the side panels. We also noticed his wife Priyanka who had come along. \"My wife doesn't usually accompany me on the sets. But since I have come back after a long Krrish 3 schedule, I asked her to join me,\" Vivek said happily.The friendly chitchat was cut short by a voice coming buzzing on the walkie talkie. The next shot was ready. The doors of the van opened to a crowd. All of a sudden, Vivek, the husband transformed into Vivek - the star. The makeup man produced a pair of quintessential dark shades and the actor waving at his fans, walked towards the sets.Meanwhile his wife Priyanka stood at the door, looking at her husband walk down with the crowd. So, doesn't she want to share the spotlight, we asked her. \"I just like to watch this from the back seat. I don't like to be in the limelight,\" she said. And thus, unlike a star wife, with no security, she walked down to the sets.It was time for us to leave. And producer Taurani chose to leave us with a thought. \"Out of all the businesses - restaurant, garment, oil - I think filmmaking is the toughest,\" said the simple yet hugely successful filmmaker. And seeing the amount of effort that goes behind one single shot (the day's shoot would constitute about two minutes of footage in the film), we couldn't help but agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410311", "title": "'IMC to spend Rs 60 cr on sewerage system'", "text": "INDORE: The residents of the city may not have to wade through waters while walking on the streets this monsoon.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said the city would be soon free of water logging as the civic body is going to connect colonies with sewer lines. Mayor was speaking at a function organized to inaugurate sewerage works at Ekta Nagar on Sunday.IMC is laying sewer line at Ekta Nagar at the cost of Rs 37 lakh.\"Work on sewerage lines under JNNURM is under progress and soon we will complete 140km line,\" said Moghe adding that the IMC will spend around Rs 60 crore on laying sewer lines this year. The civic body is trying to complete the work before the monsoon sets in.Meanwhile, the IMC has also decided to give 100 per cent rebate in surcharge on property tax for the slum residents. Mayor said slum dwellers are not able to pay their property tax since 1997. By waiving the surcharge tax, the dues will come down by around 30 to 50 per cent which may prompt the dwellers to pay the taxes. IMC is planning to hold camps in different zones for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12407969", "title": "Telangana ire boils over during Naik\u2019s funeral", "text": "WARANGAL: Lunavath Bhojya Naik was cremated in his native village in Raghunathapally mandal on Sunday even as there was a total shutdown in Warangal district due to protests over the self-immolation by the MBA student for the separate statehood cause.Naik set himself on fire at Hanamkonda on Saturday to protest against the delay in the granting of separate statehood to Telangana. The latest in a long series of suicides for the Telangana cause comes close on the heels of byelections to six Assembly seats in the region which proved to be a vote for the separate statehood demand.Naik's funeral procession, attended by hundreds of students and political leaders, was marred by stray incidents of violence as protesters pelted stones at the houses of ministers, Congress leaders and the Congress party office. They also similarly attacked the statues of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and ex-chief minister NT Rama Rao at the MGM Hospital junction.Enraged students attacked the houses of minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah, TDP leader Errabelli Dayakar Rao and government chief whip Gandra Venkatramana Reddy. Three photographers belonging to vernacular dailies were injured during the course of the attacks which soon had police resorting to a lathicharge to bring the situation under control. Earlier, protesters rained stones on Dayakar Rao's brother Pradeep Rao when he came to the hospital to pay homage to Naik. The former PRP leader was forced to beat a hasty retreat.Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC) chairman M Kodandaram, TRS legislators Jupally Krishna Rao, Etela Rajender, Harish Rao and Nagarkurnool MLA Nagam Janardhan Reddy took part in the funeral procession. Slogans like 'Telangana drohulara khabardar' rent the air during the procession.Telangana JAC leaders said that the suicide should be an eye-opener for all the MPs from the region. The leaders demanded that a case be registered against Gandra for the inflammatory statements made by him. Naik's final rites were performed in his native Veerareddy thanda in Ashwaraopally village. TRS MLAs T Rajaiah, D Vinaya Bhaskar, TRS district convener Peddi Sudarshan Reddy and thousands of TRS workers took part in the last rites.The political JAC has called for the effigies of Congress and TDP leaders to be burnt in all 10 districts of the region on Monday and urged people to hold candlelight rallies on Tuesday. Shops, hotels, petrol bunks, cinema halls and roadside eateries in the district were closed on Sunday. On the Mahabubabad-Warangal highway, it was CPI workers who burnt tyres and staged a road block which saw them being taken into custody by police who later released the activists in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409562", "title": "Aussie casts web for Anna support", "text": "NEW DELHI: Among those who supported Anna's fast at Jantar Mantar on Sunday was 52-year-old Vic Gaffney. An Australian, he is the only foreigner in the 40-member team that runs the website circleanna.com and is soon going to release a magazine dedicated to the Gandhian and his movement.Gaffney has made India his home for the past 13 years and feels deeply about most issues - garbage, pollution and corruption. He has been a vocal supporter of Anna's cause; but he knows he should be careful, especially after German tourist Sonntag Rainer Hermann was deported for supporting the Kudankulam nuclear plant protest.\"I think both the government and the Opposition have jumped on the bandwagon to push Anna out of public focus. There were more than 12 proposals for Jan Lokpal Bill, but the government has scuttled each one since 1968 and eroded the support for Anna too. They obviously feel that letting Anna be will take away their black money,\" he said.He expressed his anger about the way the movement had been \"stifled\". \"I think the parliamentary committee on Jan Lokpal was hoping that Anna will die and the movement would fall. In my experience, in India, people want to see quick changes; but corruption is systemic and it will take longer to uproot it,\" he said.An educational consultant, Gaffney had joined the Anna movement last year after a supporter convinced him in a Metro train. \"I realized that Anna was dealing with a real problem. So I got involved. But my work has been to get more foreigners involved and build up strength online. I want people to know that the Anna movement is not about anti-governance or establishment but about fairness and truth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412519", "title": "Road Ahead", "text": "The Indian automobile industry has opened up to a whole new domain the off-road vehicles. They are the ones that do not need a registration and can be used in extreme conditions and on tough terrains. These vehicles are characterised by large tyres with deep, open treads and flexible shock absorbers. Off-road vehicles can range from snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles (ATV), off-road ambulances, motorcycles, youth powersports vehicles and off-road defence, to off-road fire tending vehicles. Geographically, India has a wide variety of terrains that make the off-road segment an area with a potential for exponential growth.INDUSTRY STATUSGlobally, off-road vehicles have been used in the developed world for decades. In India, however, the industry is at a nascent stage. People are just beginning to focus their attention at the segment of off-road vehicles. This sector is likely to witness increasing demand for powerful vehicles to work on different and difficult terrains.GROWTH AREASWhile the industry may be at a nascent stage, there is a new trend of enthusiasts joining the off-roading culture. Steadily, people are becoming aware of the product range in this segment and its diverse usage. Off-roading is not just about recreation but has a variety of applications in defence, paramilitary, forest patrolling, mining, agriculture, construction and more. Adventure sports enthusiasts can also use such vehicles to commute on rough terrain. There is an awareness amongst people for product categories like the ATVs and Side x Side.SKILL-SETSAn undying passion for automobiles, off-roaders, adventure and driving are the foremost requirements to excel in this area. Academically, a mechanical/automobile engineer and/or management graduate can be a part of this industry. Qualifications can vary depending on the requirements of the particular position.REMUNERATIONFreshers entering this industry can expect a starting salary of about Rs three lakh per annum. With time and the right skills, they can expect to get better pay packages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12408110", "title": "That\u2019s what friends, err, foes are for", "text": "The multi-crore Adarsh scam, involving top politicians, military personnel and bureaucrats, has unexpectedly united former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan.A proposal for the allotment of prime land to the Adarsh society, promoted by Congress leader Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, was submitted to Mantralaya and was dealt with by then chief minister Narayan Rane and later by Deshmukh, Sushilkumar Shinde and Chavan. The manner in which the proposal was processed in the corridors of power leads one to conclude that Deshmukh, Shinde and Chavan played a crucial role and in lieu, the former two's trusted aides secured society membership, while the latter's close relatives secured flats.The only difference is that while Deshmukh and Shinde are witnesses, Chavan is among the 14 accused in the case. He has been charged with criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery under the Prevention of Corruption Act.Now there is pressure on the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to probe the roles of Deshmukh and Shinde too. Ever since Deshmukh took over the state's reins in 1999, he was at loggerheads with Chavan. Relations between the two reached such a stage that bureaucrats attached to departments held by Chavan were told to report directly to Deshmukh.When the scam rocked the country, Deshmukh, Shinde and Chavan had chosen an independent path and claimed that there were not involved.Under such circumstances, what prompted Deshmukh to knock on the doors of Chavan is shocking. A top bureaucrat said action in the probe will depend on Chavan's statement before the CBI.If Chavan shifts the blame to bureaucrats, the former CMs will be safe. Otherwise, their political careers will come to an abrupt end.Sanjay Dutt in the lurchChief minister Prithviraj Chavan has left high-profile Congress leader Sanjay Dutt in the lurch. More than a year ago, when party president Sonia Gandhi nominated him as chief minister in place of Ashok Chavan , who quit following his alleged involvement in the Adarsh scam, no legislator was prepared to quit his seat to pave the way for the election of Prithviraj.An independent from Karad, the hometown of the chief minister, offered to vacate his seat, on the condition that he is inducted into the cabinet. As a result, his nomination to the state legislative council was certain. As most senior leaders refused to oblige Prithviraj, the party high command told Dutt to quit his legislative council seat to facilitate Prithviraj's election. Like a true Congress soldier, Dutt quickly resig-ned. But, contrary to expectations, Prithviraj was elected to the upper house unopposed, as the saffron combine withdrew its nominee.Since then, Dutt has been knocking at the doors of Prithviraj for rehabilitation. Initially, he was expecting to be considered for nomination to the Rajya Sabha, on a seat vacated by Prithviraj. But Sonia nominated legislative council member Hussain Dalwai.Subsequently, Dutt was confident he would be nominated on a seat vacated by Dalwai or at least to the Rajya Sabha.Luck did not favour Dutt, as while the Election Commission is yet to declare the poll programme for the seat vacated by Dalwai, the party nominated Union ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Rajeev Shukla for the Rajya Sabha elections. Dutt still religiously visits Varsha, the official residence of the chief minister, without expectations.All in the familyJalgaon, the hometown of President Pratibha Patil, witnessed a different family function recently. A college of engineering &amp; technology run by the Mumbai-based Shramsadhana Trust, felicitated Patil on her election as President, though it was at the fag end of her five-year term.Patil's spouse, Devisingh Shekhawat, is the trust's president, while her son Raosaheb, a Congress legislator from Amravati, is the institution's managing trustee.Shekhawat lauded Patil's role in Jalgaon's development and the steps taken by the Shekhawats for the trust's cause.Raosaheb praised his parents, saying that owing to their contribution, there has been steady development. Shekhawat and Raosaheb were followed by Patil, who had her early education in Jalgaon and later from Mumbai's government law college.It was for the first time that she shared the dais with her spouse and son, in her hometown, as President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12455097", "title": "Rana Daggubati\u2019s Hollywood debut", "text": "Young hunk Rana Daggubati is going places these days. Apart from making waves in Bollywood and Telugu film industries, Rana is all set to make his Hollywood debut soon.The movie has been titled 'A momentary lapse of Reason' and the film has an impressive A list Hollywood star cast.Rana will be seen as an Indian businessman from Los Angeles who decided to take revenge on the city's underworld after his life is affected by their activities.The movie will be directed by Aditya Bhattacharya, grandson of renowned Indian Filmmaker Bimal Roy.More details will be out soon. Congratulations Rana.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12410178", "title": "Alumnae meet in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Ursuline Women's Teacher Training College principal Sr Sheila expressed concern over the decreasing quality of students, at an alumnae meet, on Sunday. It is the oldest teacher training college in Jharkhand.She was giving an introductory speech to the ex-students in the grand hall of the college. Recounting the achievements of the college, she requested everyone to work towards quality education.\"I feel the quality of the students seeking admission in the college has deteriorated, over the years, as most students apply for humanities. English and Science students fail to fulfil the conditions required,\" said the principal.She asked the participating trainees and ex-students to encourage students on two major subjects English and science.Fr Albinus Tete, the founder principal of St Stanislas High School accompanied by Sr Sheila, mother superior of the college Sr Plasida, and former students lit the inaugural lamp. Tete on this occasion asked the trainee teachers and alumnae to spread literacy, as a part of their many responsibilities.Alumnae Punam Mishra and Sr Rezina said that it was a matter of great pleasure to teach in the college, where they once studied. Mishra teaches Hindi while Rezina teaches history in the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410298", "title": "Two brothers killed over old rivalry in Dhar district", "text": "INDORE: Six persons allegedly hacked two brothers to death at Bhutiadev village in Dhar district on Saturday evening. Police suspect an old rivalry between two families was the reason behind the crime.Police informed that the incident took place at around 6 pm when the deceased Naval Singh, 35, and Shobhan, 27, and their nephew Har Singh were returning home from a market on motorcycle (MP11 BC7568). Six persons Bilam, Bahadur, Pratap, Radus, Julab Singh and Bhuria Dev reportedly intercepted the three and took them to a deserted place.All the three were pushed to the ground and the accused allegedly slit the throat of Nawal Singh with a sharp weapon leaving him profusely bleeding. Later, the youth succumbed. The accused also caught two others, who were trying to run away. The accused allegedly slit Shobhan's throat, too. But Har Singh managed to escape and disappeared into the bushes even before the six could catch him and kill, said Bagh police inspector Suresh Kagrani. The deceased were the sons of Dongar Singh.The inspector said wives of one of the deceased Naval Singh and the main accused, Bilam, contested panchayat elections in 2008 from the seat reserved for women. Bilam's wife won elections. Since then, the two families were baying for each other's blood, he said, adding that the rivalry was the main reason behind the murder of two brothers. Police sent the bodies to a local hospital for the post-mortem.Acting on a complaint of deceased another brother Jagan Singh, the police have lodged an FIR against all accused under the Sections 147, 148,149, 341 and 302 of the IPC.Wives of one of the deceased Naval Singh and the main accused, Bilam, contested panchayat elections in 2008 from the seat reserved for women. Bilam's wife won elections. Since then, the two families were at loggerheads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410112", "title": "16-year-old killed by class XII boy", "text": "VARANASI: A high school student was allegedly murdered by a class XII student at the Bhagata Crossing under the Sarpataha police station in Jaunpur district on Sunday.According to reports, Shailendra Vishwakarma (16), a native of Mustafabad village was a student of class X at Tilak Smarak Inter College in Isapur. Two months back, he had a fight with Vijay Singh , a student of class XII of National Inter College, Patti Narendrapur, over a petty issue. Later, elderly villagers played peacemakers between the two.However, on Sunday, Vijay intercepted Shailendra at the Bhagata Crossing. Before Shailendra could apprehend anything, Vijay stabbed him repeatedly. He then escaped from the scene. The locals who rushed to the site after hearing Shailendra cries rushed him to a local hospital where doctors pronounced him brought dead.A case has been lodged and the police have launched a manhunt for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409871", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 stir: cops hit where it hurts most", "text": "BANGALORE: The report by CID DGP RK Dutta on the March 2 violence in the City Civil Court complex has blamed Bangalore police for being ill-equipped to manage the situation. It has pointed out that policemen lacked elementary preparedness as they were not even donning any riot gear that day.Rubbing salt to their wounds has been the post-March 2 developments: presence of personnel from Coimbatore-based Rapid Action Force (RAF) as the lawyers'agitation aggravated and they threatened to hit the streets at least on two occasions.Dressed in camouflage uniforms and flaunting the latest riot gear that included semi-automatic weapons, the RAF men drove home the message by evicting agitating lawyers in an early-morning swoop on the complex. The RAF presence ensured that no foolhardy attempts were made to mess with law and order.So where did our men in khaki go wrong on March 2? Why do they lack the authoritative touch the central police forces bring in by their very presence? Are our forces starved of funds?A senior IPS officer said city police were responding to an unexpected law and order situation and when things started worsening they were catapulted into the thick of action.He claimed that mobilization was spontaneous. \"We have our equipment with us all the time and we too use them, but in an uncertain situation you'll think of controlling it than looking for a helmet ,\" he explained. \"The incidents definitely show there was failure on the part of senior officers, who should have insisted that their men be prepared for a conflict. The department has done right by transferring the higher-ups \" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409325", "title": "World Theatre Day: Who said theatre is dead?", "text": "KOCHI: Theatre scene in Kerala, which had been stagnant in the last two decades, is witnessing a slow and steady revival, thanks to some dedicated activists as well as organizations.Lokadharmi, Mulanthruruthy based theatre lab; Dhanush, the amateur theatre group from Tripunithura; Mazhavillu, the children's drama troupe and cultural organizations like Changampuzha Samskarika Vedi and JTPac who promote the medium and artistes through collaborations play a major role in revival activities.\"There has been a renewed interest in theatre in the city. Places like Changampuzha park has become a hot bed for experimental theatre where even amateur groups without much financial backing can perform to an enlightened audience,\" observed G Ajayan, a young theatre activist in Kochi, who will be showcasing his latest production on the occasion of the World Theatre Day at Town Hall on March 27.The culture of theatre has also been nourished by the city's cosmopolitan nature.\"Malayalis and non-Malayalis, who have studied outside the state and are presently in the city are enthusiastic to be a part of theatre, either by being a part of the production or by watching it,\" noted Chandradasan, art director of Lokadharmi Theatre.The Francescos, an Italian family settled in Kochi, makes it a point to see the latest theatre productions performed in Kochi, no matter what the language.Meanwhile, Kavalam Narayana Panicker, an active voice of Kerala theatre in the country and abroad believes that there has been a definite improvement in the theatre scene in the state.\"The international attention that Malayalam theatre garnered has made it an honourable profession, if not a highly remunerative one. Thus youngsters these days are interested to be part of indigenous theatre,\" said Panicker, whose troupe is currently in Odisha, planning a performance on March 27, World Theatre Day.\"A good script works wonders, may it be theatre or film, what we in the theatre fraternity needs to work is not to lose our identity of being a Malayali in this highly corporatized space we all share,\" noted the veteran playwright.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12407604", "title": "Youth held for molesting 4-year-old", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A third year mechanical engineering student at a polytechnic in Kotagiri in the Nilgiris was arrested on Sunday for allegedly molesting a four-year old girl.According to Kotagiri police, Dinesh, a student of NPA polytechnic college in Kotagiri, allegedly molested the girl when she was at her grandparent's house in Kottakambai near Kotagiri on Saturday. The accused was residing in the neighbourhood.On Saturday, the girl's father, Babu, a daily-wage labourer lodged a complaint with the Kotagiri police stating that his daughter was molested by Dinesh, said police. Babu had left his daughter at his parent's house in Kottakambai on Saturday, while he went to work. \"A case has been registered against Dinesh under IPC sections 376 and 511 and he was arrested on Sunday,\" said the police. \"The accused will be remanded to judicial custody on Sunday night,\" said police. According to police, the IPC sections in which the accused has been arrested are non-bailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413107", "title": "Akshay Kumar's popularity fizzles off?", "text": "Actor Akshay Kumar isn't a part of as many success stories as he is wont to be...And it comes as a surprise to learn that the actor, known for his daredevilry, has been replaced by south actor Mahesh Babu in a Cola ad he has been endorsing for years. Angela Jonsson , model of the Kingfisher calendar has also managed to bag this one.So while Mahesh Babu and Angela try hard to lure us with their 'fizz', Akki isn't going to be twiddling his thumb. The actor is upbeat about Housefull 2 and is still happy about the success of Desi Boyz.However, trade sources admit that the Khiladi does need a few success stories under his belt and that he has slipped a few notches below given his earlier status. Akshay Kumar, on the other hand, is least perturbed.The actor is only too busy acting and now acquiring the rights to some films and playing producer to the hilt, fizz or no fizz!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12407989", "title": "Experts offer tips to check Kosi bund breach", "text": "PATNA: While breach in the eastern Kosi afflux embankment at Kusaha in Nepal around three and half years ago caused catastrophic flood in six districts bordering Nepal and brought into focus the vulnerability of physical structures created as part of the Birpur barrage system, people living in the Kosi basin districts, along with the state's water resources department (WRD), continue to remain burdened by a plethora of other problems.As state WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary said in his inaugural lecture at a session of technical presentations on 'Holistic Solution to the Problems Related to Kosi Floods' organized by the WRD here on Sunday that the Birpur barrage and the network of canal system has revolutionized agrarian scene in the Kosi basin by facilitating three-crop agriculture activities, problems still remain unresolved.The problems include persistent annual floods, unchecked erosion caused by the river, routine and yet alarming annual loss of arable land due to erosion, annual silt deposits, and uncertainty with regard to the protection of embankments. Breaches had occurred six times at various points in the embankments of the Kosi- Dalwa (1963), Jamalpur (1968), Bhatania (1971), Baharua (1980), Nauhatta (1984) and Jogania (1991), Choudhary added.Nayan Sharma, head of the department of water resources and management at IIT Roorkee and Wolfgang-Albert Flugel, head of the department for geo-informatics, hydrology and modelling at Friedrich Schiller University (Germany) suggested solutions to the problems.While Flugel dwelt largely on the need to prepare and collate hydrological information base on the watershed of the Kosi as an aid to prepare hydrological response model to the problems, Sharma made suggestions with regard to the cost-effective work as against the hitherto practised cost-intensive physical model method that relies on construction of structures to address the problems. The latter also includes construction of spurs to deflect water back into the river.According to Sharma, under the mathematical model in contrast to the physical model, the embankments could be protected with geo-mattresses (laying and insertion of sand-filled mattresses along the slopes of embankments to prevent their erosion by overtopping of water and to check entry of water into the embankment through holes).Further, he suggested the use of submerged vanes in the river at points where erosion is caused since the submerged vanes lower the speed of water at the deeper layers of water current resulting in sedimentation. Also, porcupines could be used to facilitate sedimentation and reclaim eroded land, and the 'jack jetty model' could be used to channelize the river along its main course. \"The problem points should be identified, and the points at which the work is to be started should be prioritized,\" Sharma said, adding: \"Dredging of the silt and sand from the course of the river is not a viable solution. It is also cost-intensive.\"State WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah said the delivery of experts has given an exposure to the department's engineers to alternative ideas apart from giving their viewpoint on the problems to the Kosi Inquiry Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12407870", "title": "From war of words to happily-ever-after", "text": "Jauri Singh and Gagandeepas love story would have impressed Shakespeare. The two went from being verbal sparring partners to life partners, much like Beatrice and Benedick from the master playwrightas famous aaMuch Ado About Nothingaa.Jauri and Gagandeepas first meeting wasnat exactly what makes for great love stories but then Cupid has strange ways. aaWe met at a common friendas birthday party in December, 2010 and ended up having a tiff. Gagandeep felt I was trying to be more polite than needed and that it was a put on behaviour. I was caught off guard and rather clueless,aa said Jauri, who stays in Barewal Road and is working as senior web designer in an IT company.The first impression continued to make things sour for a while. aaWe ended up meeting at more occasions and the tiff continued. We would single out each other in the crowd and pick on one another. We did not realize that it was actually bringing us closer since we were hardly paying attention to anyone else,aa said Jauri. Finally, at one party Jauri decided to proclaim his love. aaI went up to her and shared that my feeling had changed towards her and a new journey started,aa he said.To Jaurias great relief, Gagandeep reciprocated his feelings. aaI had grown very fond him so we started talking often. On Valentineas Day in 2011, Jauri proposed me for marriage and I agreed,aa she added.However, there was still some more time before the aahappily-ever-afteraa came.aaOne day I forgot my cell phone at home. Gagandeep called and my mom answered. Her sixth sense told her there was something to our relationship. So when I got home, my father and mother started grilling me and finally got the whole story out,aa said Jauri, of Barewal Road.His father then met Gagandeep and was convinced that she would be the right girl for Jauri. He also approached Gagandeepas family and both sides agreed to the marriage.aaOur love story headed towards a happy beginning. We got engaged on January 14, 2012 and got married the next day,aa said Gagandeep, a teacher in Government College for Women.Jauri is proud of his love story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12409299", "title": "Grand plans to mark 100 royal years", "text": "MYSORE: Come monsoon, there could be more reasons for visitors to hit the Palace City. With the state government offering special funds to celebrate the centenary year of Mysore's world famous landmark, moves are afoot to utilize the occasion to promote the city's heritage and cultural attractions. As Mysore opens itself for monsoon in July, the deluge of visitors will get to witness something special.Like during Dasara festivities when all the celebrations are centered on the century-old monument of opulence, the centenary carnival will roll out cultural events. Noted musicians are expected to jazz up the celebrations. The Amba Vilas Palace, which is hosting son-et-lumiere, the sound and light show, will host cultural events during weekends. The plan is to extend cultural extravaganza during weekends to beckon more tourists. The weekend shows are planned to spread over weeks till the onset of Dasara season in mid-September. Dasara festivities will commence from October 16 and culminate on October 24 with the famed Vijayadasami procession.\"We are planning to schedule the events in the run up to Dasara. The board headed by chief secretary S V Ranganath will constitute a committee of eminent personalities to chalk out plans. We are now focused on works like refurbishing parts of the palace to mark the event,\" T S Subramanya, deputy director, Mysore Palace Board, said. The board will also consult scion of royal family Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar and Pramoda Devi Wadiyar, he said and added that stakeholders in the tourism sector will also be kept in the loop.District minister S A Ramdas said a laser show will be held from May.Part of the Rs 25-crore special grants sanctioned by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will be earmarked for organizing cultural events.Works to refurbish the palace's prized possessions-the immortal wall paintings depicting Dasara procession at the Kalyana Mantap, the glass-topped opulent Diwan-e-Khas where the maharajas gave private audience and majestic Durbar Hall where the rulers conducted the public durbars during Dasara, will start from June. The board has already consulted experts at Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, Mysore-based Regional Conservation Laboratory of the ministry of culture, civil engineering departments at the National Institute of Education and Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering to study the structural stability of the architectural wonder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409100", "title": "City marches to a different music", "text": "GURGAON: On record, the Haryana government has announced many plans and initiatives to empower women, but there seems to be little impact on the ground.As sources say, it's the men who seem to be reaping in the benefits of state's initiatives as they are mostly using the name of their women family members to get discounts from the government on things like stamp duty and electricity bill.After the state recorded a skewed sex ratio, the Haryana government had come up with new schemes to empower women and ensure their larger role in families. The Bhupinder Singh Hooda government announced two per cent concession on stamp duties of properties registered in the name of women.\"The main intention was to push property ownership of women so that they are not neglected or sidelined by their family members. This will make their position strong within the family,\" said a senior government official.Similarly, a concession of 10 paisa per unit has also been introduced in electricity bills if the connection is in the name of a woman. These two decisions were well-received by people including those in the rural areas. \"But no study has been done so far to find out whether it has actually brought any changes to the society. We need to see whether such moves are helping the women in the state and how,\" said an official.In yet another move, the state has reserved 30% seats for women in technical institutions so that they can pursue these courses to become economically independent, instead of being dependant on their male family members. Recently, Haryana also launched an exclusive university to focus more on women's education.Though all these moves have been welcomed, the state government still faces tough challenge to improve women's literacy rate and sex ratio in the state in general and Gurgaon in particular. In Gurgaon district, average literacy rate in 2011 was 84.40% compared to 78.50% in 2001. Male and female literacy rate stood at 90.30% and 77.60% respectively.The state also recorded a dismal sex ratio with 853 females per 1,000 males. While in rural areas, families still prefer male child, it's no different in urban areas as well. Doctors say that urban families are selectively going for boys than girls.\"However, we are trying to send the message that a female child is a blessing not a curse. Besides providing help in formal education, we have announced financial help for the poor parents so that they do not face difficulties in getting their daughters' married. We are also carrying out campaigns where we are promoting and highlighting achievements of women who have made Haryana proud. Things will improve, but it will take time,\" said a senior official of women and child welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409956", "title": "It has high-rises but low water levels", "text": "BANGALORE: Where super-storied buildings dot the skyline today, Bilekahalli, until 20 years ago, was a small village along Bannerghatta Road. It was surrounded by JP Nagar, once the farthest end of developed Bangalore on one side and Arakere on the other.Today, it denotes all-round development and is a major IT hub too,\" says Syed Hidayath , director of a private firm. Builders saw potential in this area, which officially came under the Begur Hobli, Bangalore South taluk. Between the 90s and into 2000, Bilekahalli was abuzz with IT companies. So apartment complexes dotting this road - Epitome, Kolte Patil, Mantri and Ranka __ attracted young investors employed in the IT and multinational segments. Among them is Bharathan Aravamudhan, senior marketing manager in an MNC in the area. \"What attracted me here two years ago was the fact that it was a great location,\" he says. But, like other suburbs in Bangalore, Aravamudhan found that this area too lacked water and sanitation facilities. \"And, there's practically no road,\" he says.PR professional Sumit Jain, a resident of Surabhi Apartment along the same stretch too, is aggrieved: \"I've been living here for four years - when it rains, it's a nightmare. Given there are no streetlights, it's dangerous for old people, pregnant women and children to walk on the road, especially during the rains.\"Water woes persist. \"Till date, there's no Cauvery water supply. People in our complex which houses 200 apartments are collectively spending Rs 10,000 daily to procure water,\" says Jain.As residents face woes, builders have been bending backwards to ensure that amenities come home fast. Hidayath has been organizing meetings with several residential associations to resolve issues and handle crisis situations.\"We worked closely with BBMP, BDA and revenue authorities to help build a storm water drain and widen the Ranka Colony Road,'' he says.But all this didn't come easy as there has been lack of co-ordination between agencies, resulting in years of delay in completion of planned works. Finally, efforts seem to be paying off, and the work has speeded up over the past six months, despite the fact that there are three different contractors, who often don't work in tandem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12408678", "title": "No canteen at railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: The last three months have been rough for rail commuters passing through city station. As they wait for trains, there is no tea or coffee or Idli-Dosaa and Sambhar-Vadaa to dig into as the refreshment room remains locked, courtesy railway authorities, who have not even started allotting contract for the canteen.The contractor running this refreshment room had left in December 2011. After a few days, it was opened till the end of December but since the beginning of 2012, passengers have again been facing problems in getting food.Sources said a dispute between railway authorities and canteen contractor led to the refreshment room being closed. A businessman and resident of Civil Lines, Harpal Singh said, a The railway station here is included in A class stations list but commuters are not getting even food. The authorities did not start food plaza and now refreshment room has also been closed. A resident of Model Town, Harsh Gupta said, From vendors, I get snacks that I dont like. The authorities should do something about it.Room station superintendent R K Sharma said, Earlier we had allotted the refreshment room without following proper procedure of tenders and faced several problems with that contractor. Now we dont want to repeat that mistakes, so we have decided to fulfill all the norms. He refused to give any time frame of the tender process. It can take long, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413807", "title": "Ra.One animator battles for life", "text": "On Saturday, Charu Khandal, an animator with Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment, threw a dinner party for close friends and family to celebrate after the team she headed won a National Award for the special effects in \"Ra.One\". But the night that began in celebration, ended tragically, with Khandal battling for life - doctors say she'll be permanently crippled even if she does survive the ordeal - and a friend of hers, 26-year-old Vikrant Goyal, also in a critical condition.Just after midnight on Saturday, the autorickshaw carrying Khandal, 28, her sister Ritu, 26, and Goyal, was hit by a speeding Honda City in Oshiwara, Mumbai. The driver, identified as Manoj Netrapal alias Gautama, 39, was arrested and taken to Cooper Hospital for blood test, which showed that the accused was driving under the influence of alcohol.But the cops, inexplicably, booked the agent for a Andheri-based shipping company under a relatively softer provision of rash and negligent driving, and let him off on a bail of `5,000. Senior inspector Dilip Rupwate of Oshiwara police station said, \"There were traces of alcohol in his blood which shows that he was drunk. We have let him go on `5,000 bail. The matter is under investigation.\"Doctors treating Khandal said that she has suffered multiple fractures in her head, ribs, spine, neck and legs, and has a very low chance of survival. In case she does survive, it would take a medical miracle for her to stand on her feet, they added.The accident took place when Khandal, a Malad resident, was returning home with her sister Ritu and Goyal after dropping her fiance Sagar Thakkar at his residence in Seven Bungalows, Versova. While the rickshaw driver and Ritu sustained minor injuries, Khandal and Goyal slipped into coma. According to doctors, Goyal, who works as an assistant sales manager in Pride International, had regained consciousness, but was still critical.\"My sister and her fiance were in one auto while Goyal and I were in another one. Sagar lives in Seven Bungalows so we first dropped him home. Then Charu joined us in our auto,\" Ritu said. According to the First Information Report (FIR), as the auto reached the signal near Shreeji restaurant, a speeding black-coloured Honda City rammed into their rickshaw from behind. Stunned by the impact, the auto driver lost control and the rickshaw turned turtle. \"I had blacked out. When I returned to my senses, I saw the driver and a fewother people trying to pull out my sister and Goyal from the auto. They were covered in blood. I immediately called up Sagar. Soon police and Sagar's friends reached the spot,\" Ritu said. While Sagar's friends took Charu and Ritu to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital, police rushed Goyal to Cooper hospital and was later shifted to Kokilaben Hospital.\"Charu was adventurous and so full of life. She loved travelling and we were supposed to go sailing this weekend. She was so happy that her team won the national award for \"Ra.One\",\" said Sagar, Khandal's fiance. \"'Please water my plants or they will die',\" were Charu's last words before slipping into coma,\" Ritu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12410141", "title": "Mercury rises in Saurashtra, Amreli &amp; Mahuva scorch at 41 degrees", "text": "RAJKOT: Amerli and Mahuva reeled under scorching heat as mercury rose to 41 degrees celsius in the last two days. After two days of dust storms, temperatures have risen substantially across Saurashtra and Kutch, signaling the onset of summer.\"On Saturday, day temperatures rose in many parts of the region. They were markedly above normal in parts of Saurashtra and Kutch region,'' said a weather department official.According weather department, 41 degrees celsius was highest maximum temperature in the region recorded at Amreli and Mahuva in the state. Night temperatures also rose in parts of Saurashtra, Kutch and north Gujarat.The lowest minimum temperature recorded was 13 degrees celsius in the region recorded at Naliya in Kutch district.Rajkot city also blistered at 40 degrees celsius but nights and early mornings were cool at 18 degrees celsius. Surendranagar also saw mercury rise to 40 degrees while minimum temperature was 21 degrees celsius.The effect of summer was evident on city roads in the afternoon as main roads looked deserted and people chose to remain indoors till evening.Weather officials forecast that maximum temperature will be around 40 degrees celsius and minimum temperature will be around 19 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12407611", "title": "42 bonded labourers saved, 11 arrested", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai district police have busted a pan-India gang which is involved in illegal human trafficking. The gang has been sourcing people from Tamil Nadu and supplying them to states such as Maharashtra, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh as bonded labour for snack factories. Eleven offenders were secured and 42 bonded labourers aged between 11 and 40 were rescued and brought to Madurai. Most of them are psychologically traumatised and were found in tattered clothes. They hail from Madurai, Theni, Dindigul, Tiuchi and other districts.Talking to the media, DIG N Bala Nagadevi said on receiving complaints from Madurai and other districts, the police formed special teams to nab the traffickers. \"As per our instructions, three teams went to Maharashtra, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh. Eleven offenders including the kingpin Sayyad Mohammed were secured. The modus operandi of the gang under him normally approached youngsters stranded at railway stations and bus stands. They promised the children saying they would be given good food and accommodation. After beguiling them, the gang pushed them into slavery at snack factories\", the DIG said.SP Asra Garg said a few days ago, he received a complaint from G Jothimuthu who was working as bonded labour for more than 10 years and escaped from a snack factory at Maharashtra. According to his father, he thought his son was missing and was no more. Jothimuthu readily came forward to show where the snack factory was located and helped the police nab the other accused. Later, the police deputed a team to nab them from factories named Mool in Chandrapur district and Kot Samoshi in Gadiracholi district and rescued 17 bonded labourers.Another team spotted a snack factory near Bhvanipattinam, Galagandi district, Odisha, where four were rescued. In Agra, 25 bonded labourers were spotted and rescued.Garg added that 26 of them had been taken without the knowledge of their parents. Those who hailed from Madurai districts set up snack factories outside the state and approached brokers to get cheap workforce. They paid a mere Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 to them as advance and kept the labour without any payment at the factories.Muthumani, one of rescued children who was in Agra, said her father was a ganja seller and was very often caught by the police. \"My mother went to live with someone else. I studied up to 5th standard at Periaykulam. But my mother told me to go with the broker to work in a muruku company. Initially, I saw an exchange of Rs 5,000. Later on, I was herded to a place totally unfamiliar. There I was forced to work from morning to night without a break for three months. I wanted to live with my father and younger brother and study... Who will help us?\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12408983", "title": "State may take over Sagar port project from Kolkata Port Trust", "text": "KOLKATA: So what if the Kulpi port has not seen the light of day, even 16 years after it was conceptualized? The Bengal government now wants to take over the project to build a deep-draughted port at Sagar Island from the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT).RITES has already carried out a study on the possibility of a port on the island. Initially, KoPT had planned a port facility on the island's western shore. Later, RITES was asked to explore the possibility of the port on the eastern bank which is closer to the mainland in South 24-Parganas.\"We have decided to hand over the project for the port at Sagar to the state government. The state government wants to take it over,\" said KoPT chairman M L Meena.The concept of a deep-draughted port facility at Sagar first came up a couple of years ago when it was realized that the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) will no longer be able to handle large vessels due to fall in draught in the Hooghly channel. The only option was to build a port facility outside the channel and Sagar - the largest island in estuarine Bay of Bengal - was a possible location.With problems in acquiring land, it was decided to reclaim nearly 2,000 acres from the sea by building dykes with geotubes. As a pilot project, it was decided to construct a km-long dyke and start dumping dredging proceeds from Auckland into it. The port was to be built on the basis of a public-private partnership (PPP).The project ran into trouble thereafter with KoPT not succeeding in convincing the ministry of shipping of the need for a deep-draughted port in the state. KoPT had sought Rs 50 crore from the ministry to construct the dyke as a pilot project. In February, 2012, the ministry of shipping wrote back to the port, asking it to use funds from the river regulatory project for the construction or use its own funds.KoPT may not be in a position to release funds from its own kitty for the project at the moment. According to sources, the Centre has also cut subsidies for dredging and the port management may find it difficult to channelize funds from the river regulatory project. At the same time, a deep-draughted port is crucial for the state.\"The Kulpi project may not be feasible as it will also face the problem of inadequate draught. A port facility at Sagar will not have these problems. If the state assures land, promoters may be keen to invest in this venture,\" a port official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12408603", "title": "Scheme to mentor tribal youngsters", "text": "NASHIK: The tribal development commissionerate has drawn up a plan for honing the skills of youngsters in their respective fields. \"The Rs 10-crore plan will help 10,000 persons take up various programmes,\" said joint commissioner (in-charge) D K Panmand.The tribal development commissioner is planning to upgrade the abilities of the younger generation of tribals in a way that they can find ways and means to set up their own establishments or even get a job in the government or private sector. As of now, there is an army of youngsters who either have not gone beyond Class X, or even if they are graduates lack the skills to score over others when it comes to competition.\"Children who have dropped out after tenth will be given vocational training, and those at the junior college level will be imparted training to crack common entrance tests or competitive exams,\" Panmand said.The plan, called 'Kasuhalya Vikas Arakhada', also covers youth relegated to the fields. The plan has been submitted to the state for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408861", "title": "Fourth suicide on Delhi Metro track in 30 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old woman became the fourth person to commit suicide at a Metro station this month when she jumped in front of a train at Malviya Nagar on Sunday morning. A suicide note said her family should not be held responsible for her act. The woman from Bihar was staying in Ghitorni, south Delhi.The spate of suicides, this was the sixth this year, has led Metro officials to seek help from commuters. \"All passengers are requested to be alert and stop any fellow passenger who attempts to cross the yellow line before the train comes to a halt,\" said Anuj Dayal, Chief PRO, DMRC.A suicide note was recovered from the spot in which the woman has asked the cops not to trouble her family as they were not responsible for her action. Police are trying to ascertain what led the women, who had come from Bihar and was staying with her brother-in-law in Ghitorni, south Delhi, to take the extreme step.This month, suicides have been reported from Chandni Chowk, Uttam Nagar and Mayur Vihar Metro stations. The growing frequency of such incidents has sent alarm bells ringing in DMRC and authorities are scrambling to find ways to curb the phenomenon.\"Around 11.15am on Sunday, a north Delhi-bound train was entering the station when the woman threw herself on the tracks. The driver slammed the emergency brakes but could not save the woman. She suffered fatal head injuries. We will have more details after the autopsy report,\" said B S Gujjar, additional DCP (Railways).Officials have requested the public to help in curbing such incidents. \"All passengers are requested to be alert at the platform when trains are approaching and stop any fellow passenger who attempts to cross the line before the train comes to a complete halt,\" said Anuj Dayal, Chief PRO, DMRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407659", "title": "Prayers mark Catholics\u2019 pilgrimage", "text": "MUMBAI: Thousands of Catholics participated in a walking pilgrimage from Cross Maidan to Mount Mary's Basilica in Bandra on Saturday to pledge their devotion to the mother of Christ.The pilgrimage began with prayers at Cross Maidan at 10.30pm on Saturday. The faithful then made their way across roads, walking four abreast with traffic police in attendance.The pilgrimage drew people from all walks of life as school teachers brushed shoulders with grandmothers and youth. An organizer of the pilgrimage, Ignatious Almeida, said it was the 24th year of the pilgrimage. \"We made provisions for any emergency and had places where the thirsty could have water on the way. We have to make these provisions as people from all walks of life participate in the pilgrimage,\" he said.Almeida said two buses accompanied the pilgrims so that senior citizens who could not walk all the way could take a ride. The pilgrims were met by church groups along the way, who put up stalls with water and snacks for the 18,000 participants. At Salvation Church in Dadar, groups kept houses ready for pilgrims to rest before they continued their journey.Hundreds of tired pilgrims rested at Dadar and were looked after by parishioners. Juliet D'Silva, a senior citizen, said it was heartening to see people helping the pilgrims. Fr Joe D'Souza, an organizer, said they are expecting a larger crowd next year when they celebrate 25 years. The walking pilgrimage has the support of the Archbishop of Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408070", "title": "CM\u2019s 7-minute visit improves Jankipuram\u2019s look", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the people who underestimate government machinery or doubt its capability to deliver on time, the scene in Jankipuram on Sunday conveyed otherwise. At times, civic agencies perform better than expectations. A seven-minute personal visit by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had put everybody in a high-performance mode in Jankipuram.Police had to put 24-hour rooftop duties in half-an-hour and they were requesting locals to let them enter their multi-storeyed houses and do the needful. The LMC's water sprinklers and road-rollers had to re-do the potholed stretches, and the work was on in full swing. And, it wasn't difficult to spot sweepers cleaning the roads, as late as 7 in the evening.The CM was on a personal visit to attend a 'nikaah' ceremony of the daughter of Mohammad Hanif, an old family acquaintance and loyalist who has been the hair-stylist of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. His son Azad now plays the same role for Akhilesh. Hanif family said the association dates back to more than three decades. \"I have been with him since I was eight years old,\" said Azad. Jankipuram, where the family has been living for the last eight years, got a live proof of this association on Sunday. The roads were plastered with charcoal, just an hour before the CM's scheduled arrival. Vendors were sent packing off. Locals said they were not sure if the place would continue to be without encroachments, or it was all because the locality was given the customary touch-up prior to the CM's visit. \"Roads here have been in a bad shape for a year now,\" said Rajesh Kumar, a local shopkeeper in the area.While doubts persisted, everybody in the area wanted a glimpse of the young CM. Hordes of people from nearby had gathered around the venue. As soon as the CM entered Tikona Park, the venue, and reached the nikaah-stage to exchange niceties with the groom's family, 'guests' went in an overdrive to click the CM, and all one could see were numerous hands raised with mobile cameras.The attention was totally off the groom. And the single motive that everybody at the place was left with was to get close to the CM. Security personnel had a tough time and so did the family members. However, it didn't go for more than seven minutes, the exact period for which Akhilesh was present at the venue. \"We can meet him anytime. I am very close to him,\" said Danish, one of the five sons of Mohd Hanif.Hanif has been given an entry card hand-written by Mulayam Singh Yadav himself, stating that he should not be checked from entering the Yadav residence. The man, who can't speak due to paralysis, takes pride in sharing his proximity to the Yadav family. In fact, Tikona Park, the wedding venue, was also renovated and given a clean look after Hanif wrote a letter to the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408054", "title": "2 gangsters held in Bengal", "text": "PATNA: Notorious gangster Pappu Mian alias Sahzada and his associate Pappu Yadav were brought here on Sunday. A police team arrested them in West Bengal on March 23 and took them on transit remand after producing before a local court on Saturday, said Patna senior SP Alok Kumar here on Sunday.The SSP said he received information on March 22 that Pappu Mian, a resident of Lodi Katra Bangla under Khajekalan police station in Patna district, along with Pappu Yadav, a native of Sirodharpur under Daniyawan police station in Patna district, were in West Bengal.He said while Pappu had been evading arrest for the last two years, his associate was wanted by the police for the past seven months.The SSP said that after getting specific information about their hideout, a special police team was constituted under SDPO of Patna City, Sushil Kumar. The police team reached there and carried out raids in an area under the jurisdiction of Vishnupur police station in West 24 Pargana in West Bengal and arrested the gangsters. He said both the criminals were hiding in West Bengal with fake voter identity card and driving licence.While Pappu was wanted in connection with 17 cases of serious offences, including murder, loot, extortion, dacoity and contract killing lodged with Khajekalan, Sultanganj, City Chowk, Malsalami, Gandhi Maidan and Fatuha police stations, his associate was accused in 10 cases of murder, loot, extortion and Arms Act lodged with Fatuha, City Chowk, Bakhtiyarpur and Gandhi Maidan police stations in Patna district. The police recovered 10 cellphones, 15 sims, fake voter ID cards and driving licences from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410061", "title": "No college principals", "text": "Three Delhi University (DU) colleges - Hindu, Kirori Mal and Ramjas - are functioning without heads at present. While VK Srivastava, principal, Hindu College , resigned from his post after a university backlash and is on a sabbatical, an enquiry has been set up against both Bhim Sen Singh, principal, KMC, and Rajendra Prasad, principal, Ramjas, for several charges.Facing allegations of misconduct and mismanagement by the university administration , Singh was asked to go on leave till the completion of the enquiry. This is not the first instance of an enquiry against him. The university had suggested his suspension in 2010 for non-implementation of the semester system.However, the staff association of KMC has protested the governing body's decision to set an enquiry against Singh. Teachers at the college are also urging students and the non-teaching staff to form a collective support base to protest the move.\"The principal is allegedly being targeted for the agitation in which teachers protested against implementation of the semester system in undergraduate courses. It is an unfair move on the part of the governing body members,\" says Rudrashish Chakraborty, professor and secretary, KMC staff association.Prasad who has been the principal of Ramjas College for the last 26 years, faces suspension over his alleged involvement in the fake certificates admissions scam.He however maintains, \"The charges against me are unwarranted and baseless. I think they must carry the investigations at a higher level.\"Meanwhile, both Ramjas College and KMC are functioning without principals for the time being, while the vice-principal of Hindu College is serving as the acting principal for the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407940", "title": "K Chandrasekhar Rao threatens to stall Parliament", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) president K Chandrasekhar Rao on Sunday threatened to stall the ongoing budget session of Parliament on their demand for the introduction of the Telangana bill.Speaking to reporters before leaving for New Delhi, KCR said they would allow neither Parliament nor the Assembly to function unless they obtained a concrete assurance on the statehood issue.\"We will expose the Congress-led government and question them about the delay in bringing in a bill for a separate Telangana. We will not allow Parliament to function till we get an assurance from the Centre\" KCR said.The TRS chief left for Delhi on Sunday afternoon along with party MP Vijayashanthi to mobilise support among political parties for the Telangana cause.Urging Telangana youth to stop ending their lives, he said: \"How many more deaths does this government want?\"Bhojya Naik's death must be the last in our movement. We must live to fight for our cause and achieve our goal. We must live to relish our freedom.\"Meanwhile, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu regretted the death of the MBA student who had immolated himself on Saturday for the Telangana cause.Offering their condolences to the family of the deceased they observed that suicide was no solution to the Telangana issue. Urging them to live with self-confidence, Reddy said: \"Youth and students should not spoil their golden lives. Death is not a solution.\"They should control their anger and refrain from getting emotional on the issue.\"The Centre is aware of the aspirations of the people of Telangana and it will take a decision that would be beneficial for every region in the state.\"Te Telangana Joint Action Committee steering panel has announced that two days of activism will be taken up across the region as they look to intensify their agitation for separate statehood.The plan for Monday is to burn effigies of all anti-Telangana leaders, especially those belonging to the Congress and TDP.For Tuesday, the panel has asked activists to bring out candle light rallies in support of the Telangana cause.Employees' JAC leaders, too, severely criticized MPs for their failure to put pressure on the Centre to introduce a bill for a separate Telangana state in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12410263", "title": "MLAs worried after Odisha kidnap", "text": "RANCHI: The abduction of Jhina Hikaka, an MLA of the ruling Biju Janata Dal (BJD) in Odisha, by suspected Maoists in the Koraput district has terrified the legislators, especially those who represent rebel dominated constituencies of Jharkhand.The legislators are terrified because the Maoists have, on at least two occasions in the past, proved that they can strike at will. On the first occasion, they killed Jamshedpur MP Sunil Mahato in 2007 and then a Janata Dal (United) legislator in 2008. A BJP legislator from the Kolhan region said that after the attack on party MLA Gurusharan Nayak in January, he has stopped going outdoors after sunset. \"Even if I think of going out, family members and friends stop me as they feel the security cover is not enough protection from rebels,\" said the BJP legislator, who did not want to be named.Paulus Surine, a Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) MLA, who represents the Maoist-dominated Torpa constituency, expressed similar sentiment. \"I had to struggle for more than two years to get five security guards but of them, only two are armed with automatic weapon. It is not enough to provide security when I have to move in the rebel-dominated areas of my constituency,\" said Surine, adding more than two years have passed since he got elected and yet he has not been able to visit many places in the constituency. \"Anyone would be surprised to know that being a man of courage, I have never visited many places in the constituency due to lack of proper security. Despite my requests, the police department does not provide me with enough security.\"He also claimed police are not very proactive in providing cover to politicians and this has made their movement even more difficult. \"Senior police officers occasionally call me or my security in-charge and ask about my location and request me to update the officer-in-charge of the local police station. This, I feel, is not enough for a state like Jharkhand and this is the reason I never go to Ranchi from Torpa after sunset even if it is an emergency,\" said Surine.Independent MLA Videsh Singh, who has been elected from Panki, said he has often raised the issue of lack of security in the assembly and will do so again. \"On Monday, I will raise it in the assembly and draw the attention of the chief minister because no officer listens to the MLAs on matters of security,\" said Videsh. Panki, bordering Chhattisgarh , is a Maoist stronghold and no one dares to venture out after sunset.IG RK Mallik, however, differed. \"We provide adequate security and closely monitor movement of each and every MLA and MP,\" he said, adding a standard procedure is there to ensure security of people's representatives. \"In Jharkhand, police are alert round the clock to ensure safety of the elected representatives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409729", "title": "Alumni meet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of 35 former students of department of Economics, Panjab University, held their alumni meet on Sunday. A host of alumnus from UK, US, Dubai and Canada came together to recall old days spent together at PU.An alumnus of 1972 batch Madan Gupta felicitated R N Soni, 84, who is a former faculty member and Prime Minister Manmohan Singhs colleague.A slide show presented at the occasion made the participants nostalgic about their days enjoyed in the campus. Amrik Singh Grewal, 70, presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410104", "title": "Despite pending dues, cops promise maximum security for IPL matches", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have promised Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) best security for the upcoming eight Indian Premier League (IPL) matches to be played at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) stadium, despite the fact that the long pending dues to the Jaipur police have touched Rs 4 crore since the first season of IPL. Rajasthan Royals will play eight T20 matches at SMS stadium.Various issues including security of the players and spectators were discussed in a meeting held at the RCA office on Sunday which was attended by C P Joshi, president of RCA, G S Sandhu principal secretary (Home) and B L Soni commissioner of police.The police presented the case before the RCA president and principal secretary (home) and urged that their dues be cleared. RCA was involved in a war of words over the police dues when former secretary Sanjay Dixit last year alleged in a website that Jaipur police had allowed extra people in the stadium during IPL matches.\"Many things were discussed and we had told them that our dues over Rs 4 crore since season-I of IPL need to be cleared,\" said commissioner of police, B L Soni.However, he said that irrespective of differences, Jaipur police will continue to provide security of international standard to the players and the spectators. Soni added, \"Rajasthan Royals has also agreed to bring decently dressed cheerleaders during the matches.\"According to sources, police had also told RCA officials that non-affiliated private security guards or agencies will not be allowed to guard the matches.Taking lessons from last year's accident when a stand fell down, Soni said, \"We have asked the association to give us undertaking stating that all the areas have been checked by their people and are safe for sitting arrangement. We will issue permission only after such an undertaking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414790", "title": "Hansika is absolutely fine", "text": "Hansika Motwani who reportedly met with an accident in Hyderabad on Sunday while on her way for a shoot, escaped unhurt.As fans and followers started enquiring after learning of the accident, Hansika today said that she is absolutely fine. \"Hey Guys we all are doing good now, the accident did break the camera and also the asst cameraman got hurt..But lucky he is safe and back on work. So no worries .. All good . Have a great week ahead,\" the actress posted.According to reports, Hansika who is in the city to shoot for \" Maska\", had met with the accident near Banjara Hills while heading to the sets. She was rushed to a nearby hospital but was discharged in some time. The actor joined back work soon enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410042", "title": "Affordable housing scheme: Queue of refund-seeking allottees getting longer", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot's ambitious affordable housing scheme project is not finding many takers as an increasing number of allottees demanding their deposits back.According to the official sources, number of applicants wanting refunds on Module-1 has gone up to 700. They had applied under the economically weaker sections and lower income group categories of the affordable housing scheme. The JDA has constructed nearly 5,600 houses in Module-1 category. Sources claimed that the project is situated in a far-flung area, and banks are unwilling to give loan which has forced the allottees to apply for refunds.However, joint commissioner (Resource Mobilization &amp; Coordination)/ LB Giriraj Agarwal, said, \"In every JDA scheme there are applicants asking for refunds. We also expect that 10% of the applicants will ask for refunds. Till date, deposit money of 200 applicants has been made.\"The state government had launched the affordable housing scheme under the PPP mode in June 2010. The plan was to develop 5 lakh affordable houses over the next five years under the scheme. However, applicants are losing faith in the scheme given the inordinate delays that these projects suffer.The applicants of Module-2 are waiting for the lottery, which was supposed to have been conducted long back. The applications were invited for this project in October, 2011. \"The decision on 90A will be soon taken up by the state government,\" said AgarwalIn Model-2 , the affordable housing scheme has to be developed on the private land of the developer. In phase 2 of Model-2 , there are 10 schemes out of which six schemes are waiting for the land use change and unless there is change in land use, the work cannot progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412460", "title": "Sex doesn't always sell!", "text": "Television recently saw one of its boldest scenes... Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar indulging in some passionate love-making scenes in Sony's bade Acche Lagte Hain. Balaji, the production house, and the channel expected the television rating points (TRPs) to shoot up in a big way.Also, because the week before that the ratings had gone up owing to the hype. But guess what? The TRPs, in the week when the bold scenes were aired, took a dip. That came as a blow to the creative team that was expecting a jump (from 3.5 to a minimum 4.5) in the ratings. So what went wrong with the track? \"Viewers liked the little romantic things between Ram and Sakshi, but they didn't quite like the very bold scenes,\" says a telly analyst adding, \"These scenes are nice to watch when picturised on a young, hot couple. Sakshi-Ram didn't fit the bill.\" Well, there's a point here because the fact is that consummation scenes have always worked for TV serials and boosted a show's ratings, be it in the case of Pratigya, Rang Badalti Odhani etc. This is the first time that the ratings dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12410001", "title": "CBI recovers weapon used in Shehla murder", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) got a major success on Sunday with the recovery of .315 bore country-made brass metal firearm apparently used to bump off the famous RTI activist Shehla Masood last year, a car and a motorcycle, top officials said.\"We are sending the weapon for forensic examination, along with the bullet head recovered from the body of Shehla, for confirmation. We are 99 per cent sure that this is the same weapon used to kill the activist, as Irfan has told us that revolver was brass-made,\" they added. The car was impounded from a garage while the motorbike from Saqib Ali alias danger's house. The black colour motorbike was allegedly used by the killer to execute the crime while the car tailed the assailants.After cracking the mystery shrouding the death of the activist 26 days ago, the CBI sleuths were trying hard to recover the revolver to strengthen prosecution.Finally, the probe agency recovered the weapon from the house of a local history-sheeter Saqib Ali alias Danger, who helped interior designer Zaheda Pervez - the alleged main conspirator in the case - to hire Irfan and Tabish Khan - sharpshooters of Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh - who shot dead the activist from point black range at Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16. The CBI team got the clue from a close friend of Danger about the firearm. The investigators raided Danger's residence at Tilajamalpura and recovered the hidden weapon which the shooters have brought all the way down from Kanpur.After Irfan shot dead Shehla, Danger took the weapon from him, officials said.This is for the first time the investigators have got hold of clinching evidence - weapon - used in the killing. The CBI is yet to find out the details of transactions of the '\"Supari\" paid to the killers to eliminate the activists, sources privy to agency said.Zaheda has reportedly paid Rs three lakh to the shooters to bump off Shehla. The deal was struck for Rs five lakh.Zaheda was too intimate to BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh and out of jealousy got Shehla, who also was close to this politician, killed, according to the investigations underway in the case.The MLA is under CBI scanner as he was involved in a triangle love affair going sour, sources said.Zaheda and Danger were arrested on February 28 and thereafter Saba Faraqui, a friend of interior designer, shooters Irfan and Tabish of UP were taken in CBI custody. Tabish happens to be the cousin of Danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410147", "title": "Not applied yet? don't worry", "text": "Want to study in the UK? Don't fret, you can still apply, says Mrinal K Singh , overseas educational consultant.If you are interested in doing a Bachelor's degree from the UK - the good news is that you can still apply. Many universities don't have definite deadlines and accept applications till they fill their seats for various courses. However, you should apply as soon as you have decided that UK will be your preferred destination as you may not always be lucky enough to get the course and the university of your choice.Applications for undergraduate studies in the UK have to be made through a centralised application process called UCAS and this will remain open for international students till approximately June 2012. Through UCAS, you are allowed to apply to a maximum of five universities and your application is sent to each university directly by UCAS.The universities will then assess your application and depending on your profile and the availability of the course, they will accordingly send you an offer or a rejection.It doesn't really matter as a student, how late in the application cycle you have applied i.e. if you apply in, for instance, April 2012, and you get accepted by the university, you will be on par with another student who may have applied in October 2011.If you apply later in the admission cycle, it is advisable to have all your documentation ready and send it immediately to the university as there may not be enough time to complete it for your visa application. The UKBA starts accepting applications for student visas by July for a September start.Unlike a late university application, a late visa application is not advisable. A student visa, which normally takes 10 working days to process, can take up to three weeks or more during the month of August and if you do not get your visa by the starting date of your course, the university may not allow you to enrol at all.UK has many advantages to offer like part-time work during your course/full-time during vacations, internships during programmes and good industry links, which result in employment options for students. So for all those students who have dreams and aspirations to study in the UK, please do go ahead and apply . You can still make your dreams come true", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "12409483", "title": "TAPMI holds convocation", "text": "MANIPAL: Dr J J Irani, former managing director of TATA Steel , stressed the need to eradicate sectarian views for the growth of the country.Delivering the convocation address at the 26th convocation ceremony of TAPMI on Saturday, Irani's talked about the dire need of good leaders in the country.The batch of 2010-2012 has a strength of 190, of which 186 students received their graduation certificates from Irani, while four others received their graduation certificates in absentia. This year also marks the convocation of the first batch of Health Care Management.Special awards were presented to the most meritorious students of PGDM and PGDM-Healthcare. Shrimati Gangamma Ammanayya award was presented to the most meritorious lady students Deepika Vij for marketing and Sony Bajaj for finance, Dr K S Iyer award was presented to Amit Nahata for finance and Dandapani award for the best outgoing students was given to Paminderjit Sunner (first place), Anup Dhanuka (second place) and Amit Nahata(third place).These were given away by Ramdas Pai, Chairman of the Governing Council of TAPMI. The TAPMI achiever of the year award and Agro-Evo award was given to Anup Dhanuka and Prasad Nayak respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412894", "title": "We will not accept NRC update in Assam: Aamsu president", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Minorities Students' Union (AAMSU) along with 24 other minority organisations have strongly objected the state cabinet sub-committee's decision to re-launch the registrar general of citizen registration's pilot project to update the National Register of Citizens (NRC) of 1951 in three phases from July 1.The joint meeting convened by minorities student' body AAMSU, which involved All Assam Madrassa Students' Association, BTC Minorities Students Union Citizens' Right Preservation Committee, Social Justice Peace Forum, Raghibi faction of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind amongst others.The joint meet demanded the state government to make its stand clear what decision the government has taken on the suggestion taken from AAMSU and other organisations.\"Assam accord implementation minister Himanta Biswa Sarma recently said the decisions taken by the government after holding talks with AASU, AAMSU and other organisation on NRC is not final. So we demand the government to make the decisions taken after taking suggestions from the students' bodies. A delegation of the AAMSU will inform the state government by Monday on the decisions taken by the organisations on Sunday\", said president of AAMSU, Abdur Rahim Ahmed.He told reporters that the AAMSU under any circumstances will not accept updating of the NRC in Assam and will continue to struggle for a new NRC in the state taking 25 March 1971 as the cut off date.\"The names of all D voters residing in Assam with valid documents since before March 25 March 1971 must be included in the NRC\", Ahmed added.He also demanded the government to work on war footing to solve the issue of D voters in Assam within six months. The AAMSU leader was critical on the willingness of the AASU and the state government on expediting the process for an error free NRC in the state.President of Char Chapori Sahitya Parishad, Hafiz Ahmed said,\" The decision of updating the NRC of 1951 is totally unacceptable. For instance in lower Assam's Barpeta revenue circle even the government do not have NRC for the villagers of 24 revenue villages. Our demand is preparation of a new NRC in Assam taing March 25, 1971 as cut off date as per the Assam accord\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408380", "title": "Govt departments take 6 months to reply to RTI queries: Survey", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Right to Information (RTI) Act may have helped unearth some of the biggest scams and anomalies in schemes like NRHM and MGNREGA, but it is yet to become a potent tool to fight injustice for the common man. And the biggest stumbling block is the attitude of the government departments. The Act lays down that information should be provided within 30 days to the seeker.But a survey taken up by an NGO shows that six months is the average time taken to answer an RTI query in UP by the government departments. Most of the times, information provided is either incomplete or irrelevant. The number of rising complaints at the State Information Commission (SIC) shows that government departments are yet to take the Act seriously.\"Reason why we get more complaints than appeals is the non-functional first appeals authority,\" said an information commissioner. The RTI Act was enacted by the Parliament on June 15, 2005. In UP, the Act was made functional in April 2006. Despite being in existence for the past six years, the Act is yet to be implemented in letter and spirit in the state. Talking to RTI applicants who come to the commission everyday from far-flung districts makes one realise the ground reality.Many applicants said that they had missed the date of hearing in their case on some or the other occasion in the past because they did not get the notice by the commission delivered on time. The commission, though, has started uploading the cause list on its website, the low net penetration does not make it happening. There are applicants who have waited for years to get the information they sought. The poor level of awareness about the Act is another major roadblock. The government should keep conducting workshops and seminars to educate people and officers about the Act. A lot can be changed for RTI if State Information Commission (SIC) is given financial autonomy. \"Central government should fund state information commissions to retain their autonomous structure,\" said sources. State government can allocate a contingency fund for the SIC also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12408767", "title": "Chandor locals against rotating sarpanch's post", "text": "MARGAO: The Chandor Cavorim gram sabha on Sunday - this was the last meeting of the current body - expressed disapproval over the practice of rotating the post of the chairperson during the term and urged the next body which will take charge to do away with such an arrangement.The gram sabha pointed out that rotating the seat of sarpanch was not in the spirit of the Panchayati Raj Act and also detrimental to the welfare of the village as continuity of administration was lost.It was also pointed out that the three statutory bodies - production committee, social justice committee and amenities committee - had not even met ever since they were constituted in December 2007.Expressing concern over the increasing house tax arrears, the gram sabha urged the new body to address this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408444", "title": "Best-selling authors of IIMs to gather", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Alumni Association of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) will host an event called 'India Ink - Empowering IIM Authors' on March 31 in Mumbai. The event will witness a gathering of the IIM graduates whose books have turned out to be best sellers and also host lecture sessions from these authors.The speakers at the event include Amish Tripathi who wrote 'Immortals of Meluha', Santosh Desai who wrote 'Mother Pious Lady', Ravi Subramanian who wrote 'If God was a Banker' and Rashmi Bansal who penned the book 'Stay Hungry Stay Foolish'. The event will also host a display of the best seller books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410173", "title": "For a greater experience of American colleges", "text": "Instead of looking at American colleges and universities in isolation, Indian students can explore the benefits of the consortia of American colleges, says Renuka Raja Rao , country co-ordinator , EducationUSA Advising Services, United States-India Educational Foundation (USIEF)A little known facet of American higher education is the way the consortia of American colleges and universities have cooperated and collaborated to enhance the learning experience, lower costs, increase quality and multiply the options for students enrolled at such institutions. Consortia of colleges and universities have formed their own body, The Association for Consortium Leadership (www.national-acl .com).Claremont collegesThe Claremont Colleges (www.claremont.edu) is a group of seven prestigious institutions of higher education in Claremont, California. The consortium includes two graduate schools (Keck Graduate Institute and Claremont Graduate University) and five Liberal Arts Colleges ( Pomona College , Harvey Mudd College , Scripps College , Claremont McKenna College , Pitzer College ).The resources that Claremont Colleges offer as a consortium include expensive physical infrastructure resources such as the healthcare system, dining facilities and electronic mail, among others. Academic resources that are shared include libraries (on its own, each of the members of the consortium could not afford such vast libraries, but together they claim the third position in private library collections and services in California), the Women's Studies Centre, Chicano Centre, Media Studies, Theatre Studies and Asian American Studies, to name a few. The members of the consortium allow cross registration on each other's courses and coordinate them for students.According to Sheldon Schuster, president of Keck Graduate Institute, \"The consortium adds great value to our educational mission. Since we are an interdisciplinary graduate programme that focuses on bioscience as well as business, we can draw guest faculty from Claremont Graduate University's Drucker and Ito School of Management . We can also share our laboratory facilities with undergraduate students at the other Claremont colleges who would not have access to such state-of-the-art equipment at another comparably-sized liberal arts college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414277", "title": "Women are going to love Bittoo: Supavitra Babul", "text": "Capturing the nuances of emotions and excitement that a girl ready to tie the knot undergoes required much creative brainstorming for director Supavitra Babul.And the filmmaker is upbeat about the movie slated to release on April 13.Starring actor Pulkit Samrat, \" Bittoo Boss\" pans the camera across the sea of emotions that a bride experiences on her wedding day. It is precisely what Supavitra tried to capture through his hero Bittoo's camera.While the zoetrope unfurls myriad colors and tales of the big fat Indian weddings, Supavitra feels the audience, especially, women will definitely get to see something on screen that they will relate a lot to. \"The bride's tale is captured beautifully in Bittoo - the cameraman's video. It's the bride who is the heroine of her film which is being shot on the wedding day. And that's why, I am sure, \"Bittoo Boss\" is a movie which will appeal to women audiences. Women are going to love Bittoo,\" says Supavitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12409786", "title": "University\u2019s distance learners yet to get exam centres", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University is trying to designate exam centres for more than 600 first year BCom students from the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL). While their exams are scheduled on March 30, the university has not managed to assign centres to a few hundreds students due to non-availability of colleges.With several university exams starting almost at the same time, officials are finding it difficult to find colleges that would be available to be used for the exams of distance education students. According to an official from the university, there are close to 8,500 fresh students and 1,500 repeaters in the first year BCom registered with the IDOL. Also, most colleges are booked for the final exams of regular students, leaving lesser options for distance education students.\"We are trying to find centres for the IDOL students. The numbers are huge. Though we have managed to allot centres to most of them, there are around 500-600 students who are still without centres. We are trying to accommodate them,\" said the official.The difficulty in finding centres for these students might delay the issue of hall tickets for their exams.While IDOL's website claimed that the hall tickets for these students will be issued four days before the exam, sources claim it might get delayed by a day or two.\"Ideally, the hall tickets should be out by Monday, but the university is yet to complete the registration process of some of the students. Also, they are yet to find centres for more than 600 students, without which they cannot make hall tickets for these students,\" said the source.University officials are working overtime to ensure none of the students suffer at the eleventh hour. D Harichandan, director of IDOL, said, \"It is not a major problem. We are trying to sort it out. We have been working on it and will try to ensure that the hall tickets are out by Monday evening.\"The university, for the first time, went online for admissions to all first year courses at IDOL. Due to the online process, which was handled by the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL), the registration process of several first year BCom students is still incomplete.The admission process got over in October-November. Even TYBCom students, whose exam forms were submitted online, got their hall tickets two days before the exam, which was when three colleges found that they were allotted more students than their capacity, leading to a last minute change in centres. Several students had to wait as late as till 8pm at the university to get their hall tickets a day before the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12409670", "title": "Kids go missing in fest chaos", "text": "PANCHKULA: Call it carelessness on the part of the parents or the poor management of the Mansa Devi shrine board, which has led to numerous missing cases of kids during the ongoing Navartara celebrations at the shrine. According to the information center, as many as 368 kids went missing in just three days, though later, except two, the rest were reunited with their parents.This shows that no lessons have been learnt from the Nishant kidnapping case that took place during last Navrataras at the shrine.Nishant, a 10-month-old infant, was kidnapped when he was with his mother in the queue of devotees. The child was recovered by the police from Gurdaspur after six months of the incident and the investigations had revealed he was sold twice during that period.As many as 368 kids went missing within three days this year. Children between the age-group of two and 18 are the vulnerable victims. Three of these kids are still missing while the rest found their parents, said Rajesh Kapoor, in charge of the announcements at the information center in the shrine.Kapoor said the children keep crying until they are reunited with their family. There are quite a few who cant even tell their name and we have to keep announcing their identity traits, like the colour of their clothes.Sometimes we have to make announcements even at 2.30am when families start queuing up for their turn to pay obeisance even before the temple opens. We get these cases throughout the day, said another official. He added, Parents should be careful about their kids when there is such crowd and chaos during the Navaratra festival, as it might result in an unfortunate incident like Nishants kidnapping.Vinod Chopra, a devotee at the shrine, said the shrine board authorities should organize the queues in a systematic way. Devotees keep standing at the same position even after an hour, as cops push in their relatives and friends in between the queue. This results in chaos and kids get lost in such crowd, Chopra said. In such circumstances, even a stampede can take place, he added. Raj Singh Malik, another devotee whose four-year-old daughter Riya got lost, but was found later, said A few people, who were someones relatives, joined the queue in between, and my daughter got lost in the resulting disorderliness.Lost and foundThe two missing kids were found later on Sunday evening. Nisha, 6, and her brother Ram, 5, had come with their mother to pay obeisance at the shrine from Chandigarh. They were yet to be returned to their mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412673", "title": "Here comes the real Agent Vinod", "text": "Meet Mahendra Sandhu , the original Agent Vinod who even gets an honorary mention in the new Agent Vinod by Saif Ali Khan .\"I'm still known as Agent Vinod after 35 years,\" says Mahendra Sandhu. \"Cops at traffic signals, security guys at the airport still call me Agent Vinod. For years and even now people shouted, 'Agent Vinod' when they spotted me.\"Sandhu who has been completely disconnected from the film industry for 25 years, isn't flattered by the attention that he's getting by default. He strikes you as someone who doesn't give a damn about fame any more, though Sandhu confesses that at one stage in his career when he had the world at his feet, he should have been more concerned about stardom.Recalls Sandhu, \"Agent Vinod was my 9th film.The Rajshri patriarch Tarachand Barjatya called me after seeing my work in a film called \"Khoon Ki Keemat\". He wanted to know who I was and why I had never visited the Rajshri office like all other newcomers. But I never went out to look for roles. That was a mistake... Anyway I met Tarachand Saab. But I didn't like what they offered me. Then they came to me with what was being termed as a desi Bond. I had recently done a desi Clint Eastwood film, and now Bond.... Ha ha. The director was a young man Deepak Bahri. Our careers depended on the success of \"Agent Vinod\".\"By the time \"Agent Vinod\" came to Sandhu, he had already packed up his bags and decided to leave Bollywood. \"I was from Punjab. And just like migrants come to Mumbai from Bihar and UP I was here to try my luck in movies. Since I hadn't made any headway I decided to go back to Punjab where I had plenty of land. \"Agent Vinod\" revived my career. We went for the best choreographer, best action director-- Ajay's father Veeru Devgan, although we couldn't afford him-the Rajshris don't believe in high budgets. My director Deepak and I slogged like there was no tomorrow. After shooting in the evenings we'd get drunk and wonder what we'd do if \"Agent Vinod\" flopped. I said I'd go back to my farming in Punjab. Deepak would say, 'Mere paas to zameen bhi nahin hai. Main kya karunga.\"Luckily \"Agent Vinod\" clicked. \"I got a lot of offers after the movie. But I was foolish in my choices.The Rajshris had promised to make a sequel . But they didn't. They couldn't afford it. They made low-budget family dramas that were shot in one bungalow. \"Agent Vinod\" needed many expensive locations. If there was a sequel my \"Agent Vinod\" would've been a franchise. That wasn't meant to be.\"Sandhu made an erroneous image switch-over. \"Instead of cashing in on my slick sleuth's image in \"Agent Vinod\" I did dacoit films like \"Jwala Daku\", \"Mujhe Vachan Do\" and \"Kaun Kitne Paani Mein\"... I identified with that came kind of culture... But it was a mistake. I should've done more \"Agent Vinod\" films.\"Retrospecting ruthlessly on his career as a film actor Sandhu sighs, \"It's been a long long time...35 years ago I was launched as the next best thing in \" Khoon Khoon\". Those were the days.... I guess I wasn't destined to be a superstar. I am no more part of the industry. I am still in Mumbai but I am not touch with anyone in the industry. That's the way it works in this industry.\"Analyzing what went wrong with his career Sandhu observes, \"See, when I came into the film industry I was welcomed with open arms. I was quite a craze. But then you know how it works. My first film \"Khoon Khoon\" didn't work because it was a copy of \"Dirty Harry\". And 20th Century Fox slapped a lawsuit against the producers of \"Khoon Khoon\" for copyright breach.Those days our films used to copy Hollywood arbitrarily without taking permission. The banner F C Mehra's Eagle Films, was prestigious. When they narrated the script I was very excited. I was a big fan of Clint Eastwood. I was very excited to be playing Clint Eastwood. I was projected as India's Eastwood .\"Sandhu feels the project was messed up. \"They didn't get a proper director for \"Khoon Khoon\". Mohammed Hussain who directed \"Khoon Khoon\" used to direct Dara Singh's stunt films. I had warned the producers that the director was not suitable. But no one listened to me. \"Khoon Khon\" opened well. But it couldn't sustain itself. My career took a nosedive....That's when I did \"Agent Vinod\".\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408072", "title": "Negligence case against ship officials", "text": "MUMBAI: The Yellow Gate police on Saturday registered a case against officials of Korea-based Marshall Island-flagged Royal Diamond7 merchant vessel for causing death due to negligence. Korean national Munhyeon Seok (57), one of the crew members aboard the vessel, died while undergoing treatment for the 80% burns he suffered in an explosion on the vessel due to gas leakage.Yellow Gate police senior inspector Pandurang Dokhe confirmed that the officials have been booked for negligence. Six persons were also left injured in the explosion. \"We are taking the help of technical experts in gathering evidence in the case. Action will be taken against the officials as per the findings of the experts. Till then, the vessel and its crew members will not be allowed to sail back,\" said Dokhe.Cops said the explosion occurred at 11.25am on Saturday. Two of the injured, South Korean national Kim Song Hun (29) and Filipino Alota Artar Durka (34), are at JJ Hospital. Four Indian workers, Shobhnath Jagannath Yadav (36), Rajesh Yamuna Raut (36), Sunny Bholanath Rawat (35) and Tirath Matadin Rawat (35) suffered injuries. Directorate general (shipping) S Agnihotri has ordered an inquiry into the matter as there was another explosion in the storage area of the same vessel just over a week ago. There were no casualties or injuries then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410000", "title": "Teacher fraternity joins battle for Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: Supporting the fast unto death of Ganga Premi Bhikshu in continuation with the Ganga Tapasya (austerity) for maintaining clean and uninterrupted flow of National River, the teachers community in the city joined the spree by observing a day-long fast at Shankaracharya Ghat on Sunday. The austerity of Ganga Premi Bhikshu, meanwhile, reached third day on Sunday.A number of principals belonging to various government inter colleges including Harendra Rai ( Sanatan Dharma Inter College), Vishwanath Dubey (CM Anglo Bangali Inter College), Padmaja Sharma ( Durgacharan Girls Inter College) and others supported the austerity by observing fast besides reciting the Sunderkand on the occasion.Addressing the teachers, state secretary of Principal Council of UP, DK Sharma said that the teachers are ready to launch state-wide stir if the central government fails to ensure uniterrupted and clean flow of National River in the country.Meanwhile, contributions of Shakespeare in post colonial era were highlighted during the two-day Purohit Swami Memorial lecture, organised by Department of English, Banaras Hindu University which concluded on Saturday.The speakers including Prof. Harish Trivedi emphasised on the fact that colonial regime under British rule in the country brought connection with literary works of Shakespeare.He also said 'Tempest', the last drama of Shakespeare was a post colonial creation in real sense.A number of faculty members including Prof RN Rai, head, English department were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12408509", "title": "Dragon crouching in Gujarat village", "text": "NADIAD: An Olympic bronze medalist in the Chinese martial art of sanshou from London, Nick Evagorou, 31, has been living a life of complete obscurity in an unknown village in Gujarat. Evagorou came to Arera village in Nadiad in June last year, following his Gujarati wife Bhakti Patel's dream of working for the elderly and orphans in her native.The Brit has, however, not given up on sanshou - a martial art developed by the Chinese military from traditional Kung Fu, combined with modern combat fighting techniques.He has already started grooming small kids at SNV International School in Nadiad where he works as a sports co-ordinator and now plans to hold sessions for the public in the evenings.He also works for his wife's recently-started old age home which has just four residents at present. The couple has set up a trust and a 30-room home. \"I love my wife and I have chosen to live her dream - of serving the less fortunate. I also want to take my martial art to every small town. I think the best way to reach out to the masses is educating children. Sanshou is not about fighting, but an art towards personal development.\"Evagorou won his bronze medal in the 2008 Beijing Games. The martial art had not been included in the Olympics as an official sport as yet, but the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) had allowed the Beijing Wushu Tournament to be held in the Olympic venue. It was the first step towards including the sport in the Games.The athletes, who participated in the event, were given medals with the official Olympic symbol.\"I want to make a noise about sanshou the world over, sitting here in Nadiad,\" says Evagorou.He, along with other well-known sansdhou athletes from the UK, like Richard Divine and others, had campaigned for the martial art to be made part of the Olympic Games.\"IOC called some sanshou experts, including me, for a demonstration in January 2011 in London and now in the 2016 Brazil Olympics it will be part of the games.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410086", "title": "Rs 20 for sportsmen daily, certainly not a sporting act", "text": "JAIPUR: Is Rs 20 per day enough to nurture budding sportsmen? The reality is that the state's best national players are sustaining on Rs 600 monthly aid from Sports Authority of India (SAI) for complete diet. Managing daily diet on Rs 20 a day is impossible for 15 national sportsmen living in the Rajasthan University stadium storeroom that is divided into six temporary rooms and two bathrooms separated by a thin wall.Mandeep Kumar, a class XII student and a wrestler who participated in national events seven times shares his room with two other senior national players. He tries to keep cool with the help of a table fan in the middle of the room. \"We have divided days so that every second day one person will get a chance to sleep under the fan,\" said Kumar, who was selected by Sports Authority of India (SAI) for receiving a grant of Rs 7,200 per annum.Experts say that a wrestler requires a minimum diet worth Rs 5,000 that should include almonds, ghee, milk, fruits and protein supplements . Kumar has won bronze and silver medals in under-17 and 19 years category, respectively. He came here under SAI to hone his career.However, Mangez Ram, who has participated five times in national wrestling events is luckier than Mandeep Kumar. He has a 8X6 feet room and a table fan with two blades, so what if it is next to a stinking washroom. \"I made a makeshift bed by putting a ply on bricks. The 100-watt bulb in this small room is enough to give me a headache. The tube light is not in working order ever since I shifted in this room,\" he said. Mangez Ram won bronze in national wrestling meet in Haryana in 2011.The staple diet of these sportsmen s is boiled pulses and 'chana' as it comes cheap. Fruits are a luxury for many who get it only once a week. A university official revealed that many sportsmen's diet lacks in various nutrients like fats, iron and carbohydrates. In some cases vitamin A and C intake was found to be more than what was required in the absence of any dietary patterns.They are sustaining on the aid from sports lovers and some private companies in individual capacity. The only mode of transport is a bicycle donated by a coach. They never complain about anything as they are under RU's obligation for allowing them to live here. Any official complaint would mean losing their 'rooms' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "in a constitutional democracy based on rule of law, citizens operate under a golden rule", "code": "12408901", "title": "SC to frame guidelines for reporting sub-judice matters; we need many more guidelines", "text": "In a constitutional democracy based on rule of law, citizens operate under a golden rule: \"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins\". This articulation by American jurist Oliver Wendell Holmes has conveyed to every one, including newspaper reporters, that their right to freedom of expression is not higher than the fundamental rights of others.If a baseless swing of a reporter's pen scratches another's nose, then he faces law like ordinary citizens. But, some grave and incessant misreporting in media in the last few months has forced the Supreme Court to constitute a five-Judge constitution bench to deliberate on framing reporting guidelines on sub-judice matters.The exercise is welcome. The guidelines will, probably, contain the golden principles telling reporters what to report and what not to, and importantly, how to write a news report. In the Indian Express judgement [1985 (1) SCC 641], the apex court had said the right to freedom of expression enjoyed by reporters could not be subjected to additional restriction other than those provided under Article 19(2) of the Constitution.The SC had also said: \"Freedom of press is the heart of social and political intercourse.... Newspapers being purveyors of news and views having a bearing on public administration very often carry material which could not be palatable to the government and other authorities. With a view to checking malpractices which interfere with free flow of information, democratic constitutions all over the world have made provisions guaranteeing the freedom of speech and expression laying down limits of interference with it.\"\"It is the primary duty of all national courts to uphold the said freedom and invalidate all laws or administrative actions which interfere with it, contrary to the constitutional mandate,\" it had said.Even if one takes that framing of guidelines for media on reporting sub-judice matters is a pressing issue, would it be more important than about 30% of the country's population going hungry every day even after 62 years of India becoming a republic? When a vast humanity is living below poverty line and yet the government jokes that those who spend Rs 29 a day are not poor, doesn't it ring an alarm bell about something being seriously wrong with governance? How about a guideline to make the right to life of one-third of Indians a little more meaningful? Would the SC attempt it?The poor have been waiting for justice for years with no signs of better times in the immediate future. Another six crores (it would be much more but we take a very conservative estimate by assuming that only two persons are involved in each of the nearly 3 crore cases pending) are waiting for years in a labyrinthine queue for justice. Should the excruciating delays result in denial of justice? Would a guideline to limit case life to 2-3 years not pressing enough?Talking about maladies faced by the country, the Vohra committee report in the 1990s pinned the blame on the unholy nexus among police-criminal-bureaucrat-mafia-politician. The SC in the Vineet Narain judgement dealt with this issue but did not issue a guideline to break the nexus.It had also dealt with hawala scam in the 1990s and black money only two years ago. According to a conservative estimate by the National Institute of Public Policy, black money in our economy is around Rs 37,000 crore, which is a little more than one-fifth of the gross domestic product (GDP). It is an admitted position that on a conservative estimate the black money in circulation in India would match the quantum of white money. Should the SC not put forth guidelines to unearth the black money? A two-judge bench of the SC did make an attempt. But, the order is in limbo as a fresh bench hearing the Centre's review petition gave a split verdict.To give a specific example, the Rs 14,000-crore Satyam scam happened because of alleged deliberate auditing manipulations by chartered accountants of a reputed firm. With the plummeting share prices, dreams of millions crashed. Should the Supreme Court not frame guidelines for chartered accountants on how to audit, at least when it involves big listed companies?For framing of guidelines, we must not forget the riots and its virulent kind, the communal riots. The apex court has dealt with the two most notorious ones in the history of modern India - the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and the 2002 post-Godhra riots. It did a great job in the 2002 case. It brought the perpetrators to book by breaking the shield provided to them by those in power. Should the SC have not framed guidelines for both police and governments on how to deal with communal riots? A guideline for rehabilitation of victims and prosecution of culprits would also not be out of place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410074", "title": "Illegal butchering making city stink", "text": "VARANASI: There is no denying the fact that right hygiene standards must be maintained at slaughterhouses. Lack of the same was the precise reason why Kamalgadaha slaughterhouse was denied a licence. But, the fact cannot be denied that there is a huge demand for meat and a large number of families depend on the meat trade for livelihood.As per VNN sources, a population of about eight lakh depends on slaughterhouses mainly run illegally in small houses in congested gullies. As per the reports of agencies like VNN and Pollution Control Board, around 160-180 big animals and 90-100 small animals are butchered everyday to meet the meat demand.As an alternative arrangement, the plans to establish a modern slaughterhouse on the outskirts had been prepared. It was to be on public private partnership (PPP) model. The VNN sources said after preparing of a detailed project report (DPR) for the construction of the modern slaughterhouse, tenders were also floated in 2008. But, the meat lobby went to the court.When the slaughterhouse operators went to the Allahabad High Court seeking relief, in its ruling (dated April 23, 2008) the court directed that the writ petition would come up before the appropriate bench on May 19, 2008 for admission/final disposal. However, as an interim measure, the court directed the petitioners to operate the slaughterhouses but to maintain the hygiene and take other necessary steps for preventing atmospheric pollution under control. The court also directed the ACM (III) to depute one person as his emissary to look into the hygiene and other problems and the petitioner was directed to intimate the said person before carrying out the business at slaughterhouse.However, past records show that the slaughterhouse operators' lobby has proved mightier than the government machinery. Before the action initiated by VNN veterinary doctor RD Ram to close the Kamalgadaha on March 5 2012, the three slaughterhouses running in different localities, including Orderly Bazaar, Kamalgadaha and Beniabagh, were closed and reopened three times in the past one decade.In February 2009, the regional office of the UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) withdrew its closure order within 24 hours of its issuance. The slaughter houses were closed on the order of the UPPCB headquarters in view of water pollution and pollution of the Ganga. The reopening order was also given by the headquarters for the next six months with certain conditions. However, the slaughterhouses continued operating even after six months to such order.The first action against the slaughterhouses was taken on June 10, 2006 with the closure orders by the then municipal commissioner. But, succumbing to the political pressure the authorities had to give opening order within 24 hours. The UPPCB authorities sealed the three slaughterhouses on November 24, 2006. But, they were reopened within 12 days on December 5, 2006. All the time the UPPCB authorities had told that all the slaughterhouses would be shifted from the city area within six months and that they were granted permission with certain conditions like installation of effluent treatment plants (ETP), proper disposal of solid waste without polluting the water resources and up gradation of existing facilities.But, the slaughterhouses have not be shifted from the city area so far despite of the ruling of the court that 'the slaughterhouses must not be situated within the abadi land', not do they follow the prescribed norms and guidelines.Following the directives of the SC in its interim orders dated 12.07.2005 in Laxmi Narain Modi Vs Union of India and others, writ petition (civil) No. 309 of 2003, the Central Pollution Control Board, New Delhi, issued strict direction (on 18.07.2005) to State Pollution Control Boards of various states to immediately take action against the slaughterhouses and meat processing industries under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974. After the SC order, the Allahanad High Court also maintained that 'the slaughter houses must not be situated within the abadi land' in a case decided on December 22, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409024", "title": "Private companies gained at the cost of Coal India Ltd", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private companies to whom the government allotted coal blocks without bidding may have made windfall gains at the cost of state-run major Coal India Ltd , a reading of the CAG draft report on the allocation of acreages suggests.The report observes that the proposal to take away blocks from CIL for allotment to commercial entities for captive mining was suggested by Tata Sons chairman Ratan Tata as the head of the government's Investment Commission.Tata made the proposal in connection with initiatives in the power sector and it was agreed to by the Energy Co-ordination Committee (ECC) under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in February 2006. The report says that the ECC took the view that since Coal India till then had plans to mine only 150 acreages up to 2011-12, \"some 79 blocks (out of 289 blocks reserved for it), which were explored in detail should be made available to NTPC and others for mining\".The ECC argued, the CAG draft report notes that such a move would be in the interest of increasing coal supplies. Thereafter, the coal secretary advised Coal India to retain only blocks which were projected to go into production up to 2011-12. Subsequently, the coal ministry \"de-reserved\" 48 CIL blocks with over 9 bt (billion tonnes) of reserves in May 2006.Earlier, in January 2006, seven blocks of CIL had already been allotted - five to NTPC and two to the Sasan ultra-mega power project awarded to Reliance Power. These took away another 3.78 bt of reserves from Coal India, the report notes. However, the report notes, as of June 2011 no coal had been produced from an overwhelming majority of these blocks despite deadlines having passed.This was \"contrary to the expectations of the Energy Coordination Committee\" for earlier realization of production potential offered by these proven coal reserves.The CAG report notes that CIL was already working on an \"emergency production plan\" in the Tenth Plan (2002-07) \"to meet the surge in demand of coal by advancing the production schedule in 12 existing mines/ongoing projects and by taking up four new projects through outsourcing production of coal and removal of overburden (earth above layers of coal)\".Worried over its future production plans, CIL made repeated requests for additional blocks, which were \"not acceded to/acted upon\" by the coal ministry. It notes that CIL sought 138 blocks with reserves of over 57 bt in August 2008.In September 2011, the company tapered the demand to 116 blocks with reserves of 49 bt. Even after two years of CIL's initial proposal, the ministry was yet to take a final decision, \"This would adversely affect future production plan of CIL,\" the CAG draft says. It also notes the government continued to give away explored mines despite objections from CIL and its subsidiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12410253", "title": "Police seize 120kg ganja", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Bishnugarh police seized 120kg ganja worth Rs 27 lakh from a four wheeler during checking of vehicles.Deputy superintendent of police (DSP) Satyendra Singh said police seized the vehicle and arrested two persons who were carrying ganja, Rs 3,500 and two cellphones besides some documents. He said during the checking, police stopped a jeep bearing the registration number JH-05H-5864. \"It was found that there were two different sets of papers for the vehicle registered in Bihar and Jharkhand. The arrested persons, Durga Prasad Yadav and Mohammad Tauffail, could not explain this,\" he said.The DSP said the kingpin of the gang was from Bihar and the ganja was going from Odisha to Bihar.\"Police were surprised to find that the 106 packets weighing one kg each were concealed in a specially designed false roof and 14 packets were behind the rear seat of the vehicle. The ganja seized is worth Rs 27 lakh,\" Singh said. He added that a team had been sent to Bihar to arrest the kingpins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12408869", "title": "Goa needs to curb female foeticide on priority: CM", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday expressed concern over the decline in the child sex ratio in the state and urged social institutions and conscientious citizens to help correct the skewed figures which weigh heavily against the girl child.\"The number of girls per 1,000 boys in Goa was 936 around 6-7 years ago. Now, it has gone down to 920. This is just not acceptable, especially when literacy level among girls in Goa is high. There should be serious deliberations over the issue over how to arrest the decline in the number of female births,\" Parrikar said, while addressing a gathering at the valedictory function of the centenary celebrations of Gomant Vidya Niketan at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao.Terming the issue of female foeticide leading to skewed child sex ratio as \"the most serious social problem\" afflicting Goa, Parrikar advocated the need for social institutions to play an important role in curbing female foeticide.\"Even if I am able to reverse the ratio from 920 to 936 per 1000 girls, I will be happy to consider it as my singular achievement during my five-year tenure,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar spoke on this issue in response to a remark made by an earlier speaker over the Uniform Civil Code prevailing in Goa that confers equal rights to both, males and females, over property inheritance. \"If there is a uniform civil code, they (females) should have an equal right to live too,\" Parrikar said.Former chief minister Digambar Kamat was also present on the dais, besides others, on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408007", "title": "Kashyap Green City project launched", "text": "PATNA: Kashyap Green Homes Private Limited, a leading company in building construction in the state, started its mega project, Kashyap Green City, on Khagaul Road. This was stated by company managing director Rohit Raj here on Sunday.Briefing mediapersons about the project, he said that this project has the sanction of Axis Bank, which would provide financial assistance. He said that under the project, modernized super deluxe flats with 2/3/4 bedrooms would be constructed by the company.Regarding this new project, Raj said that there would be 24 hours service of water, electricity, lift, intercom, CCTV, security guards, health club, children's park, playground, besides swimming pool. He said that the construction company was established in 1989 and since then it has completed several projects in Patna, Patna City, Ranchi, Delhi (NCR) and Ghaziabad on time and handed over to the customers.Raj said that besides the new project, the company is engaged in construction of Brahma and Vatika Complex at Jalalpur and Vishwamohini Complex at Kankerbagh with all modern facilities.He said that five percent rebate would be given to the customers who book their orders till March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409725", "title": "Inebriated father shoots daughter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An inebriated father shot at his daughter from point blank range with his licenced revolver at their house in Sector 41 on Sunday evening when she objected to his drinking. The accused has been identified as Ram Phal, 52, a senior audit officer with AG office, Haryana. His daughter, Poonam, 24 was rushed to the PGI, where her condition is stated to be critical.The incident took place around 5.45pm when Ram Phal engaged in a heated argument with his family members over his drinking. Police sources said Poonam was livid because of her father's drinking habit and this provoked him to pull out his revolver and open fire.Poonam is a computer teacher with a private institute in Sector 38. In his statement to the police, Manjeet Singh, Poonams younger brother, said that she was in the drawing room, while his father came from another room carrying a revolver in his hand and opened fire. Manjeet told the police that his father owned a.32 bore revolver.Kanta Devi, mother of the injured girl and Manjeet both were present in the house when the incident took place. They, however had not imagined that the arguments will lead to a shooting.Police officials said Ram Phal had been on leave from his office for the last three days and he was drinking at his house when angry words were exchanged between him and his family. Poonam was rushed to the PGI by her family members including father Ram Phal, police sources said. Somebody else from their locality informed the police control room about the incident. When a patrolling gypsy reached their house in Sector 41, it was locked, sources added.DSP (south) B S Negi said prima facie the bullet hit the right side of Poonams chest and it is yet to be ascertained whether it is still lodged in the body.The family belongs to district Panipat in Haryana. Though senior officials refused to comment on Ram Phal's arrest, police sources said he was nabbed from PGI.He was drunk earlier in the dayRam Phal had been spotted roaming around in a drunk condition in the Sector 41 market around 2pm on Sunday. Police sources said a head constable Karam Singh advised him to go to his house instead of roaming around in the market. A police probe revealed that the accused has a valid arm licence since 1996.Another Poonam was shot tooIn a similar incident, Karamjit Singh, 52, had committed suicide after shooting at his 18-year-old daughter in Sector 23 in March, 2008. Karamjit was the owner of Kasuli broiler chicken shop. His daughter, whose name ironically too was Poonam succumbed to her injuries on February 2, 2011 after battling for life for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412780", "title": "Meeting to intensify Tibetan freedom stir", "text": "GUWAHATI: The home minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile, Gyari Drolma, will attend the national-level conference organized by the Core Group for Tibetan Cause in the city on Monday.Speaking to the media here on Sunday, former Arunachal Pradesh MP and the Core Group's northeast convener, R K Khrimey, said the group's delegates from across the country will assemble in the city to further intensity the Tibet liberation movement.A core committee meeting of the Core Group was held in the city on Sunday where the work of the group in various parts of the country was discussed. A support group for the Tibetan cause in Assam has been constituted by the group.\"It has been 53 years since Tibet was annexed by China forcing the Dalai Lama to take asylum in India. After all this while, the admiration of the people of Tibet for the Dalai Lama is the same. Self-immolation is still going on in Tibet for the country's liberation from the Chinese government's domination but the support in the north for the Tibetan people is not as expected,\" said Khrimey.He also cautioned the Centre against China's plans to divert the Brahmaputra from the Tibetan region, saying if these plans are executed by Beijing it would have disastrous impact on the northeast. \"Tibet's freedom movement is on even after five decades. Now, it's time to take the movement to the people of the northeast. The conference on Monday will have representatives from the Core Group's four regions across the country,\" Khrimey said.He also asserted Arunachal Pradesh is an integral part of India and appealed to the Centre to prevail upon Beijing to stop staking claims over the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409920", "title": "Harvesting rain woes for summer redemption", "text": "BANGALORE: Two years ago, most houses in the low-lying pockets of Rankanagar , near Hebbal , had turned into islets because of heavy rain, leading to waterlogging and inundation of the area. But come summer, Rankanagar tends to die of thirst. While the Cauvery water supply system has become a farce, the groundwater table has hit new lows and dried up borewells.Things had gone horribly wrong for Rankanagar two years ago. Its groundwater table had dried up and water wasn't available in borewells even after digging 800-1 ,000 feet deep. Trapped between the seasonal vagaries of swirling rainwater and depleting groundwater resources , residents, led by Rankanagar and Neighbourhood Residents' Welfare Association , saw the answer in BWSSB's mandatory rainwater harvesting campaign.They dug 13 rainwater harvesting wells linking the roadside drains, killing two problems with one stroke. Waterlogging during rainy season has virtually been eliminated, while the dying borewells have sprung back to life this summer.\"The rainwater harvesting wells were designed by us with help from IISc scientists in 2010. Pulakeshi Nagar MLA Prasanna Kumar helped us and the financial aspect was taken care of. Now, we have 13 such wells in roadside storm water drains. Not a drop of water fallen in this locality goes waste,\" asserts MM Naazim, secretary of the association.The wells have been designed in such way that they trap rainwater flowing on the drains. The muck, if any, is filtered in the well because it has four different layers of filtration processes installed. Apart from metallic grills, the wells have perforated slabs of sand layer, jelly stones and grill mesh and slopes down towards the pit. The 80-foot-deep wells are laid with concrete rings.\"We have surveyed the locality inch by inch. We understood the flow of rainwater as per the drainage network and fixed 13 appropriate places for the wells. It's the most environmentalfriendly practice and prevents soil erosion. Besides, it is low cost and easy to manage ,\" said G Dev Prasad, vicepresident of the association.\"In 2005, when we were first supplied with Cauvery water, I used to get water once in three days and I'd consume 40,000 litres every month. But now supply is on alternative days, but I draw only 6,000 litres. The only way to manage the crisis is to harvest rain. Besides the community approach, individual bungalows too harvest rainwater,\" said Vaziruddin M, president of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410108", "title": "State feels the heat, Barmer records 39.4 degrees", "text": "JAIPUR: The mercury on Sunday took an upward swing across the state. The hot and humid conditions, especially in western Rajasthan , marked the arrival of scorching summer . Barmer recorded the highest maximum temperature of 39.4 degrees Celsius, the Met reports said.The Met office ruled out any respite, and predicted a further rise in temperature over the next few days. In Jaipur, residents woke up to a pleasant morning, but by afternoon the temperature had shot up to 37 degrees, nearly three degrees above normal.The scorching sun forced people to stay indoors throughout the day. Evening, however, saw people thronging juice corners and other shops selling beverages.According to the Met department, the temperature in districts in western Rajasthan is likely to cross the 40-degree mark in next few days.Chittorgarh recorded a maximum temperature of 39.2 degrees Celsius, followed by Jodhpur , Churu and Bikaner at 38.5 degrees, Kota at 38 degrees and Ajmer and Vanasthali at 37.4 degrees. Even the morning temperatures in certain parts of the state rose by a few notches on Sunday . Jaisalmer, for instance, recorded a minimum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407746", "title": "Indian sailor falls to death on vessel", "text": "CHENNAI: An Indian sailor died on Saturday night after falling in the hold of a Panama-flagged ship berthed at Chennai port. Port sources said 33-year-old T S Frank Midson fell while attempting to check cargo aboard the Gati Pride.Sources in the port said the accident occurred when Midson tried to climb down from the main deck of the Gati Pride. \"The cargo hold was empty when he fell. He was given first aid on board the vessel and rushed to Government General Hospital, but doctors declared him dead on arrival,\" said a port official.The accident occurred at 8.30pm on Saturday when the vessel was anchored at a wharf in Chennai port. \"We are looking into the safety standards on the vessel since it had not been maintained properly by the owner for several months,\" said a port official.The Gati Pride had been anchored off the Chennai coast for three months after the vessel was arrested on an order from the Madras high court over its previous crew members not being paid their wages. The ship was released only on Thursday, after its owner paid the dues and hired a new crew. Midson, a native of Kanyakumari district, was the seniormost member of the new crew after the captain and first mate.The Gati Pride is a flag of convenience vessel registered in Panama . Flag of convenience ships - registered in nations other than the countries of the vessel owners to skirt regulations and cut operating costs - are notorious for dangerous working conditions and circumvention of operational safety procedures.\"Three ships belonging to the owner of the Gati Pride are now stranded in different parts of the world, including one off the Andaman Islands, because wages and allowances of employees have not been paid for several months,\" said a senior port official.Transport Workers Federation inspector in Chennai and assistant secretary of Madras Port Trust Employees Union K Sreekumar said the investigation should help Midson's family receive a reasonable compensation. \"He leaves behind his wife and two children. His family depended on his income. A detailed investigation has to be carried out to determine for cause of the accident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12410260", "title": "Truck hits seven vehicles; woman, daughter killed", "text": "PUNE: A speeding truck carrying iron rods hit seven vehicles on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway at Lonikand, around 30 km from here, on Sunday morning. A 22-yearold woman and her one-yearold daughter died in the accident , while five persons sustained severe injuries.The girl, Priya Chauhan, was killed on the spot, while her mother, Pratibha, died at a hospital in Pune. The woman's husband, Sundar (25), was badly injured in the accident . A carpenter by profession , Sundar had come from Uttar Pradesh to Lonikand recently with his family to search for a job.Traffic on the highway was thrown out of gear for over an hour following the accident. The police have arrested truck driver Somnath Ganpat Mulilk (42) of Khed taluka in Pune. Mulik was thrashed by an angry mob before the police rushed to the spot and rescued him.The truck, which was coming to Pune, first hit a pick-up van from behind near a bus-stop around 10.15 am. Sub-inspector Rajaram Chavan of the Lonikand police station said the impact was such that the van was flung into the air and hit a rickshaw and a two-wheeler coming from the opposite direction.The truck then hit a twowheeler on which Dighi resident Jitendra Salve (27) and his wife Anita (23) were travelling. Salve is stated to be in a critical condition at hospital.The truck went on to hit two rickshaws, two motorcycles and another van. It then ploughed into the Chauhan family members, who were standing outside a shop. Rajendra Karpe (50), who was standing nearby, was also hit. The truck finally ground to a halt after hitting a closed shop.One Ashok Dhore (29) of Yerawada was also injured in the accident. All the injured are being treated at two private hospitals in Pune.Chavan said the police are investigating whether Mulik was drunk at the time of the accident. \"We are also checking whether he has any psychological problems. He told us that he lost control of the vehicle as the accelerator got locked accidentally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12408026", "title": "Sorry plight of Palem Ka Dawakhana", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sprawling Kamatipura Hospital complex spread over one acre of land in the heart of the Old City was inaugurated in 2003 as a 30-bed healthcare nerve centre. Ironically, it has now been reduced to a dispensary with a four-member staff and with no beds and no in-patient facilities allegedly due to lack of funds.Sources in the health department say that for residents of Kamatipura and the adjoining areas of Chandulal Baradari, Doodhbowli and Bahadurpura, problems related to health are rampant due to contamination of water, lack of hygiene and sanitation. They often fall prey to communicable diseases. Medical officer Dr Shobha Devi informs, \"Residents often suffer from gastroenteritis, measles , hypertension and diabetes. Around 300 patients come here for treatment from as far as Golconda.\"But paucity of funds has left the hospital in a state of neglect with no in-patient facilities. Residents say that the hospital once treated diseases like leprosy, tuberculosis and rabies with doctors also holding counselling sessions for AIDS patients. But now all these facilities are lost and patients are forced to seek treatment at a private hospital which has opened up close by.G Suresh, a resident of Kamatipura, was diagnosed with typhoid two years ago but was forced to get admitted into a private hospital, burning his pockets. \"After paying Rs 3,000, which I had borrowed from a moneylender, to the private hospital I unfortunately suffered a relapse. Since I had no money I went to Fever Hospital near Barkatpura. What is the use of having a big hospital right at your doorstep when there are no facilities or doctors available?\"While the government civil dispensary housed in the hospital has been adequately treating patients for common cold , cough or flu, residents rue that the duty doctor is available only till 12 noon after which only pharmacists and attendants tend to patients.Residents Shashikala and B Srikanth say that they would be happy if in-patient services are introduced. \"With the onset of summer, I'm sure many cases of sunstroke are bound to happen. We aren't wealthy enough to take our children to private hospitals all the time. It is time that the hospital is fully utilized,\" they say.Residents and hospital authorities point out that there is no watchman to keep a check on visitors and that the large parking area is being used as a cricket pitch by local children who often break windows of the dispensary.They add that with more than two lakh people living in the area, the hospital commonly known as Palem ka Dawakhana, could put all healthcare related issues of the area to an end. Bahadurpura MLA Moazzam Khan says, \"We had requested the authorities to upgrade the facility a month ago. But the health department is cash-strapped and there is little that it can do.\"Commissioner of AP Vaidya Vidhana Parishad Dr P Koteshwar Rao says that a thorough feasibility study has to be done before taking a decision. \"An upgradation request came from residents only two weeks ago but before we take a step further, we have to check the status of in-patient and out-patient facilities. Then we have to see what kind of manpower and medical equipments are required and only then we will be able to go ahead. I will write to the government in fifteen days but it is difficult to say exactly when work will be started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409201", "title": "\u2018Parity begins at home\u2019", "text": "When it comes to being a woman security staffer, it is certainly not an easy task for her - anyone, for that matter. Not only does she have to face constant harassment from the public, she also has to struggle against gender discrimination and family constraints.These factors, however, have not deterred Gurgaon-based Veena Gupta from trying her hand at, what is usually considered to be a man's domain, security services.One of the few women in the NCR in the business of security services, Gupta entered the industry after a short stint with an American security company in Gurgaon in 2001. She is today the owner of Seam group of companies, which includes Seam Corporate Tours Security Pvt Ltd that provides VIP protection to corporate travellers, and Seam Infratec Projects Pvt that is into security installation and fire-fighting machinery. Her client-list boasts names like Walmart and Wrigley, among others.Gupta's journey , however, was not easy. \"The biggest challenge was, and still is, to face male competitors who just do not appreciate women doing better than them. If you are smart enough and open to talk, then the perception among them will be that she is easily available,\" said the 42-year-old.For Gupta, women empowerment starts at home. \"To empower women, she should first get support from her husband, in-laws and kids. The husband needs to play a strong role by not feeling insecure with his wife's success and understand that she is doing it for the family,\" she said.\"Initially, clients said that the business deal should be about 'give and take', indirectly asking me for personal favours. Competitors, on the other hand, used to think how could I enter this field and some often tried to poach my staff,\" she said.However, she nudged all the challenges aside. \"Since my intention, my motive and my mission were clear, gradually people in the industry understood me and appreciated my work,\" she said.Another major problem that Veena faced was from relatives who would question her character because she used to work late into the nights and travel for 10-15 days at a stretch at times.\"I made it clear to them that just because I was going out did not mean I was sleeping around with people. I never took their criticism as negative. The more people talked about it, the more I got encouraged,\" she said.Gupta has also adopted two girls in Gurgaon and is financially supporting their education. Gupta has also been providing self-defence training to girls in government schools in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410142", "title": "Small wonder", "text": "Manzoor Koyakutty, professor, cancer nanomedicine, Amrita Centre for Nanosciences, on nanophotomedicine, a drug for cancer treatment, that was recently launched by the CentreNanophotomedicine is a nanosized drug that can be activated using light (photons ). This drug can be used to treat cancer using a method called photodynamic therapy (PDT). In simple terms, PDT is a method of treating cancer, using laser light and a photo-activated chemodrug. Photomedicine gets activated only under light. So the activity of such drugs can be controlled using localised application of light.For example, if we identify a tumour in the body, after injection of this drug, we can illuminate the tumour using laser light/LED lamps, to activate the drug inside the tumour and destroy it.So far, however, a major limitation was that the drug in its normal form would not accumulate specifically in the tumour; instead spread all over the body.In such a situation, if the patient is exposed to even 'room' light or sunlight, the drug will get activated and kill all normal healthy cells, leading to whole body phototoxicity .The problem has been solved at the Amrita Nanocentre by developing nanoparticles of this photomedicine that are designed to specifically accumulate mainly in the tumour and not in the other parts of the body. This helps in killing only the tumour cells without affecting the normal cells.A major advantage of this method is that this nanophotomedicine will help in treating a disease like cancer without the use of toxic radiation like X-rays and gamma rays. Instead , non-toxic simple, red coloured light from a normal lamp/laser/LED can be used.All types of cancer cells produces (express /show) specific proteins on their surface that have a characteristic signature of each cancer type.Using these molecules, one can identify the presence, type and nature of different cancer types. In our nanomedicine programme , we make use of these molecules to identify and target cancer cells, specifically, in the background of normal cells.In the present case of nanophotomedicine, we have made nanophotomedicine that can sense and target specific proteins expressed on the surface of neuro-endocrine tumours such as brain tumour, pancreas tumour, etc. In a similar fashion, by changing the sensor molecule on the surface of nanoparticle, we can also target other cancer types such as breast cancer , liver cancer, etc.The major challenge is the interdisciplinary nature of the subject. For any serious nanotechnology-based product development, it is important to have a multidisciplinary team of experts. For example, in trying to develop a product for cancer detection using nanoparticles, an equally good understanding of the physics and engineering of nanomaterials and biology of cancer is important.This means that chemists, material scientists , physicists, biologists, medical doctors and engineers should sit together and build novel systems.Cancer is a complex disease which cannot be understood or managed by simple means, therapy or technology. It is, therefore , critical to develop advanced tools to understand its complex biology and functioning at the most fundamental level and develop novel methods to fight it.Nanotechnology provides a greater platform for fighting against cancer by way of bringing in the best of all disciplines from chemistry, biology, physics, computer science and engineering.- As told to Tirna Ray", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408359", "title": "Markets, temples witness festive rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is Navaratra time and the city folks are busy worshipping the nine incarnations of goddess Shakti. Devotees in huge number visited the temples in the morning and offered prayers to the goddess of power. They sung bhajans praising the deity and offered their prayers.Excitement and religious fervour was in the air on the third day of Navaratra. A flurry of activities was seen in city markets, especially Aminabad, as people were busy buying havan, sthapana and puja samagri. It is believed that during these nine days, people prefer to perform 'havans' to bring in positive vibes in their households.One of the most celebrated festivals in the country, Navaratra holds special significance for Hindus. The first three days of Navaratra are dedicated to Goddess Durga (warrior goddess). Dressed in red and mounted on a lion, her various incarnations - Kumari, Parvati and Kali - are worshipped during these days. They represent the three different stages of womanhood, which include the child, the young girl and the mature woman. The fourth, fifth and sixth days are dedicated to Goddess Lakshmi (goddess of wealth and prosperity), who is dressed in gold and mounted on an owl. Finally, the last three days are dedicated to goddess Saraswati (goddess of knowledge). The goddess is dressed in milky white attire and mounted on a white swan.On the festive occasion, sweets are prepared in various households. Devotees also undergo rigorous fasts during these nine days. And on the last day, that is Mahanavami, people end their fasts by performing kanya puja. In this, nine young girls representing nine forms of goddess Durga are worshipped. \"We wash their feet, which is a mark of respect and offer something new to them. Only after kanya puja is performed, the devotees end their fast.\" said Mamta Kumari, a housewife.In city markets, red net chunnis and satin lehanga with golden linings and gota and a bit of embroidery are being sold in different price ranges as new clothes are offered to the deity during this period. The dress is accompanied by ornamental jewellery. \"The festival gives us strength to fight our problems. Every year, on this auspicious occasion, we visit the old age homes and help the needy,\" said Arun Sharma, a business man.On the last days, people organise jagrans and sing bhajans. What's interesting is that for people who fast, 'vrat bhojan thaals' are available in the market. \"There is a mad rush of people asking for vrat thaals. In fact, we have seen quite an increase in the number of customers in the past years,\" said an owner of a restaurant in Hazratganj. There are also ice creams available in the market, which are said not to hurt the religious sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412551", "title": "Siddharth Jonnalgadda: Kollywood calling", "text": "Siddharth Jonnalgadda aka Siddhu from LBW is all set to play the baddie in his maiden Tamil flick, Vallinam.Arivazhagan Venkatachalam is directing this Aascar Ravichandran production. \"It's a sports-based film and I play a college champion who hates losing. It is a very stylish, bratty character. We have finished shooting 60 per cent of the movie,\" says Siddhu.Apparently, the actor is dubbing for himself and it's proving to be quite a task considering his Tamil language skills aren't great. \"I write the dialogues in English and practice them in Telugu before I reach the sets just get a hang of what the dialogues mean. It's a lot of hard work, but I am enjoying it a lot,\" shares Siddhu. Nakul and Mridula are playing the lead in the movie set to release in Telugu as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "warangal, ap", "code": "12414001", "title": "Self-immolation reported again over Telangana row", "text": "WARANGAL, AP: In what appears to be yet another suicide for the cause of separate Telangana, a man in his 30s, set himself ablaze reportedly shouting 'Jai Telangana' slogans in Public Garden at Hanamkonda near here today.According to eyewitnesses, one Rajamouli, an auto-driver took the extreme step after pouring petrol on himself at around 11 am and raised 'Jai Telangana' slogans before he succumbed to his burn injuries.Hanamkonda police, who were probing the matter, however said investigations were underway to ascertain the exact reasons for the death. When asked whether it was a case of suicide for the Telangana cause, a senior police officer said, \"investigations were still on.\"Meanwhile, the charred body of Rajamouli, was shifted to Mahatma Gandhi memorial hospital for conducting autopsy. Rajamouli's death is the second such incident in the last two-days after L Bhojya Naik, a second-year MBA student died in Hanamkonda town on Saturday night after immolating himself reportedly depressed over alleged anti-Telangana statements of some Congress and TDP leaders.Pro-Telangana leaders, claim that around 800 persons, particularly students have ended their lives for formation of Telangana since November 2009, when the series of agitations demanding statehood to the region began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12409870", "title": "Cash-for-access row spells exit for UK PM\u2019s aide", "text": "LONDON: The United Kingdom on Sunday was rocked by a scandal involving Conservative party treasurer Peter Cruddas who has been charged with demanding \u00a3250,000 for accessing PM David Cameron.While the Opposition Labour party has sought an investigation into the cash-foraccess scandal, a livid PM Cameron denounced Cruddas, who resigned within hours of the Sunday Times publishing the news.\"What happened was completely unacceptable,\" said Cameron, reacting to the newspaper report that caught Cruddas offering private meetings with him for a quarter of a million pounds in a video. Cameron also said this was not the way Conservatives raised money. But Labour described the alleged Tory practice as \"grotesque\" and demanded an investigation into remarks by Cruddas to potential donors, that what he had suggested was standard practice.Cruddas resigned soon after the first edition of the paper hit the stands. This, after footage surfaced of him seemingly telling undercover reporters, posing as lobbyists with overseas clients, that the proposed meetings with Cameron \"would be awesome\" for their business and put them in a \"premier league\" of contributors to the Conservative party who granted six-figure sums.In course of a threemonth sting operation, the paper \"hired\" Sarah Southern, an erstwhile Cameron aide now working as a lobbyist. Southern advised reporters on the job that making a \"huge donation\" was the best way to gain access to senior British government officials. Thereafter, at a meeting between her and Cruddas, which was filmed, the latter outlined in detail how far the Conservatives were ready to go to hawk access to Cameron. He said for donors to be \"taken seriously\" and for \"things to open up\" for them, they need to stump up \u00a3250,000.Cruddas said the Tories raised well over \u00a35 million a year selling private dinners with Cameron to its biggest donors, and that the PM entertains at his official London residence and at Chequers, his country retreat, for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408128", "title": "Bihar babus to present state\u2019s case", "text": "PATNA: A team of Bihar bureaucrats led by chief secretary Navin Kumar has left for Delhi to attend an important meeting of the Inter-Ministerial Group, set up by PM Manmohan Singh to study the state's special category status demand, to be held on Monday.The group had been formed in September last after a delegation of Bihar leaders earlier called on the PM with 1.25 crore signatures of Biharis in support of the demand.According to official sources, the Inter-Ministerial Group headed by Planning Commission member-secretary Sudha Pillai will hold its first meeting with Bihar officials. Apart from the chief secretary, planning and development department's principal secretary Vijoy Prakash, finance commissioner Rameshwar Singh and chief minister's secretary Chanchal Kumar will represent Bihar at the meeting.CM Nitish Kumar, who has made the special status demand a socio-political issue and raised it at different forums, held a meeting with these officials on Saturday and briefed them on how to make a forceful representation before the Group and which issues to raise.The Inter-Ministerial Group has secretary in the department of expenditure, ministry of finance, Sumit Bose as its member. The group was constituted on September 9 and was given three months' time to submit its report. However, nothing much happened and the group was given extension in December.\"This is the first time that state officials have been invited by the Group,\" said an official, who added that the chief secretary left for Delhi on Saturday evening after a detailed discussion with the CM. The other three bureaucrats left on Sunday.The terms of reference of the Group cover considering and examining all the issues raised in a memorandum submitted to the PM by a delegation of JD (U) leaders on July 14 last. The memorandum was supported by 1.25 crore signatures.The decision about the formation of the Group had been revealed in answer to an unstarred question by N K Singh of the JD (U) in Rajya Sabha in August last. Minister of state for planning Ashwani Kumar had told the House that an Inter-Ministerial Group would study the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412709", "title": "Agent Vinod makes Rs 10.25 cr on day 2", "text": "After opening to an approximate collection of 10 crores at the box office,Illuminati's Agent Vinod shows a steady graph and went on to gross 10.25 cr on its second day.Agent Vinod had the cash-registers ringing on Saturday especially in multiplexes in prime metros across the country,in spite of the ongoing exams,with evening shows running to full houses. Surprisingly,the film is also doing encouragingly well at single centres and is looking at an early estimate weekend of over 30 cr.Internationally too ,Agent Vinod is quite a subject of heated discussion ,with the film doing good business in Dubai and UK.Said a source post watching the film at Doha cinema \"Watched \"Agent Vinod\" at Doha Cinemas n' felt like Amchi Mumbai after a long time....Housefull!!! Very sleek movie &amp; very rare for a Bollywud movie to get housefull overseas!!!\"While the action spy-thriller gave lead star Saif Ali Khan aka Agent Vinod his career's biggest opening ,the trade are confident that there's more to come from the actor.Says acclaimed trade analyst and critic Taran Adarsh \" Saif Ali Khan has grown as an actor and also grown as a box-office power. The number of screens first decides the craze for the film and the first day business is an indicator of its strength at the box office. The massive figures only go to show that Saif has a rare combination of talent and box office pull\".Adds Joginder Tuteja \"With his biggest film 'Agent Vinod', Saif has promised.....and delivered.\"The Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor starrer Agent Vinod,directed by Sriram Raghavan released worldwide March 23rd,2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409979", "title": "Marma points in Ayurveda", "text": "Marmas are vital centres or subtle energy fields on the body. They are storehouses of life breath pranic energy. A thrust or unusual throbbing on these parts can cause serious problems and eventually death. Marmas are not structural organs like liver, heart or lungs, but are sensitive areas located at the junctions of the muscles, bones , and nerves. The knowledge of marma is available in Ayurveda as well as in Kerala's martial art form, Kalaripayattu. An injury to the marma because of external causes like falls and accidents can harm the body, but can be treated with medicines, therapies, and manipulation techniques and with counter thrust on other body parts.Protect marma pointsModern science hasn't realised the concept of marma yet, hence the diagnosis of a marma injury is never done by clinical investigations. Most marma damages are difficult to diagnose, but a marma expert can identify injuries through signs and symptoms on the body. For example if the Urvi marma on the thigh is hurt, the patient may get continuous belching. A special kind of pressure on the thigh can stop this belching. No medicines are required. This shows the connection between different body parts and energy transmission. In a fatal head injury, symptoms of vomiting and giddiness can be successfully treated with special oil therapy on the head. Legs are paralysed in a marma injury at the base of the spine.Marma therapy in diseaseThe Marma technique can heal many diseases. There are 107 marma points on the body and these are similar to meridians in acupuncture and acupressure. The pressure applied on marma points is good in healing hypertension, neurological problems, stomach aches, gastritis and so on. To cite an example, pressure on a particular point under the feet helps to control migraine. Marma therapy is a combination of medicines, fracture management and manipulation. Marma points must be protected and the body itself has a natural mechanism to protect them. Marma points are there in animals and birds too, but in them, they are even more sensitive than in humans. A lot of practical expertise and skill is necessary for using this knowledge effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12408258", "title": "Betrayed by the protector", "text": "In an era where bad news has become a daily staple and the severity of crimes against people reaches new lows every day, the recent report of a father raping his own daughter for over a year is exceptionally disgusting and repulsive. What does it say about our plunging moral ecosystem?One of the worst crimes that can be committed is that where one exploits a person who one is expected to protect otherwise. A father's relationship with his daughter is fiduciary, i.e. one of trust. He is not just a financial provider to her, but is also her greatest source of protection in a dangerous world. She is his baby, whatever her physical age. When the protector turns defiler, can there be a crime worse than that?In this situation, it's not just a sex crime that's being perpetrated. The real crime in this situation is the betrayal of that trust. Having been violated by her own father, the girl (who incidentally is a minor) has perhaps lost the ability to strike any healthy relationships during the course of her life. Her ability to think and believe in the inherent goodness of mankind has perhaps been tarnished forever.Two issues require serious deliberation here. The first issue is more generic about society. Why does a rape victim have to face continuing (even lifelong) trauma? Why is she believed to have invited the calamity on herself when, in a free country, everyone is entitled to lead a life of one's choice? Why does the social taboo of 'being raped' multiply the troubles of a victim, never the perpetrator? Why is society callous towards the victim, and continues to berate her? Why is she not allowed to lead a normal life even after the crime, without anyone making snide remarks about her 'character'?These questions say a lot about our society and its misguided beliefs, but never elicit a sensitive hearing from our political leaders, opinion-leaders, family-members and other stakeholders (other than some well-calibrated lip-service).The second issue relates to the role of the girl's mother. It's not as if a crime of this brutality was committed in a moment of madness. This girl was abused several times by her father for over a year, and all this while, the mother kept quiet. She attributes her reticence to the fear of the family name being tarnished in an unforgiving society. It's not as if we are talking about an eminent family of the country, but just common people who are guaranteed anonymity anyway in a fast-paced city. She also feared being beaten up by her husband if she intervened to protect the child. However, her financial and emotional dependence on her husband cannot mitigate her role in the crime, one of omission rather than commission, but equally grave.Can we move on to a world where girls are respected, nurtured and loved, rather than brutalized by their own parents?--Shaina N C", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12409356", "title": "CERC guidelines push Escoms on back foot", "text": "MANGALORE: The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission's move to notify amendments in Indian Electricity Grid Code and unscheduled interchange (UI) regulations with effect from April 2 will push electricity supply companies (Escoms) across the country on back foot. The failure to adhere to operating band of frequency will result in harsh financial penalties which will have a negative impact on Escoms' financial health.The operating band of frequency notified by CERC is in the range of 50.2 Hz to 49.8 Hz. As per the new regulations, UI rates for operating brand from 50.2 Hz to 49.8 Hz will set back Escoms by Rs 0 to 4.50. Any drop below that will hurt their bottom lines.Frequency band from 49.8 Hz to 49.7 Hz will attract UI rate of Rs 4.50 to Rs 5.91, from 49.7 Hz to 49.5 Hz (UI rate of Rs 7.99 to Rs 10.52), 49.5 Hz to 49.2 Hz (UI rate Rs 12.60.)If the frequency band dips below 49.2 Hz, Escoms will be forced to shell out Rs 18 as UI rate for power drawn from the central grid. A quick back of the hand calculation made by expert in power sector for TOI clarifies the magnitude of these CERC guidelines. \"An Escom will have to shell out Rs 22.50 lakh for each block of 15 minutes or Rs 90 lakh for an hour,\" says Vijayanarasimha, managing director, Mangalore Electricity Supply Company Ltd.Citing an example for Karnataka, he said, \"If 500 MW of power generation at Bellary Thermal Power Station trips, Escoms will have to go in for load shedding to that extent or other power generating stations will have to boost generation to meet this shortfall. Failure to do so could result in grid failure. Calculation is done in blocks of 15 minutes and Escoms will have to ensure that at end of averaging the net outgo is 0 MW.\"Average frequency in Southern region is in the range of 49.5 Hz against optimum levels of 50.2 Hz, he said, attributing it to gross mismatch in demand and supply. KPTCL, in view of the tightening of the frequency band, has directed Escoms to make suitable arrangements for demand management measures to avoid drawals by Karnataka when the grid frequency is below 49.8 Hz. This is aimed at ensuring overall grid discipline, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "frankfurt", "code": "12411950", "title": "SAP co-CEOs salary goes up over 45% in 2011", "text": "FRANKFURT: SAP AG, whose shares this month reached their highest level in 11 years, increased the salaries of co-Chief Executive Officers Jim Hagemann Snabe and Bill McDermott .For 2011, McDermott received 6.57 million euros ($8.7 million) and Snabe was paid 5.49 million euros, the company said in a statement. That's an increase of 49 per cent for McDermott and of 42 per cent for Snabe. The salaries of both CEOs included 950,000 euros in share-based bonuses for both 2010 and 2011.SAP has gained 27 per cent this year in Frankfurt trading as technology companies benefit from demand for applications that allow consumers and companies to access data via smartphones and tablet computers. Snabe said this month that SAP, which has more than 54,000 employees and is based in Walldorf, will extend a stock-based compensation program to all workers.SAP needs to retain top-performing employees as it plans to boost annual revenue with the help of cloud-computing software, mobile applications gained through its Sybase acquisition and the Hana technology, which enables processing of large amounts of data on the fly.The company will pay between 460 million euros and 500 milion euros this year for the new employee bonus program which also ties compensation to the share price, SAP Chief Accountant Christoph Huetten said at a press conference in Frankfurt.The company paid 69 million euros in share-based compensation in 2011, according to Huetten.Virtual sharesEmployees will be allocated virtual shares at the beginning of each year. The company's financial performance will then determine how many will be paid out at the end of the financial year, according to the statement.\"We want the employee to feel as though he's a shareholder and feels invested in the performance of the company,\" Huetten said. SAP, whose biggest rival is Oracle Corp, reiterated its 2015 targets for more than 20 billion euros in annual revenue and a 35 per cent operating margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409930", "title": "Sadananda Gowda\u2019 men lobby to keep him in saddle", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda may be asserting that the BJP high command has promised there will be no change in leadership, but his followers don't share that confidence: five of them on Sunday took a delegation to the BJP bosses to urge them not to rock Gowda's boat.Ministers Vishweswara Hegde Kageri and BN Bachhe Gowda , former minister Aravinda Limbavali and a couple of MLAs met LK Advani , Sushma Swaraj and Rajnath Singh in New Delhi and requested them to let Gowda continue as CM. They told the central leaders that making BS Yeddyurappa the chief minister again would harm the party's image. Recently, another group of MLAs led by minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi met the party high command and batted for Gowda's continuance.\"We have requested the leaders to take a firm stand and maintain status quo in the state. We have also urged them to make their stand clear so that doubts in pepole's mind are cleared,\" Kageri told reporters later. Bachche Gowda said the central leaders are aware of the developments and will announce their decision in the first week of April. Limbavali said both the electorate as well as legislators won't appreciate frequent change in leadership.With the budget session resuming on Monday, business is expected to be stormy as opposition parties are going to raise the BJP's internal bickering and target the government.Gowda's rival Yeddyurappa sought to put the record straight on the party's debacle in the recent Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary bypoll and the resort-politics tactics he tried playing last week. Speaking in Gulbarga on Sunday , the former CM maintained that he's not responsible for the debacle. \"This is for the first time in my political career that I have stayed away from the election process. I have participated in every gram, taluk and zilla panchayat and assembly and Lok Sabha poll canvassing. But I decided not to take part in Udupi-Chikmagalur byelection because the chief minister himself admitted that a few cases were pending against me and this wouldn't be good for the party,\" he said.Yeddyurappa claimed he was hurt by the BJP's loss and also the resort politics played by his loyalist MLAs. \"I am deeply hurt by the turn of events last week. I had to camp in the resort due to pressure from my MLAs. This will not happen again,\" he said.Yeddyurappa's supporters have also decided to make it clear to the high command that there'll be no letup in their campaign seeking reinstatement of their leader. A public rally is being planned on March 31 in Shimoga to press Yeddyurappa's case. A Panchamsali Lingayat convention is also proposed to be held in Belgaum soon.Post-Ugadi air in the state is pregnant with possibilities on the political front. Rival factions in the ruling party are claiming their victory is imminent. But the players are resigned to the fact that how things will pan out is anybody's guess. The tension, though, is too much for Yeddyurappa's supporters, some of whom are making a beeline to find out what their leader's stars foretell. Yeddyurappa's close aide and Tumkur Rural MLA B Suresh Gowda is camping in Kerala, consulting fortune tellers. \"I have come here with some MLAs to know my leader's future. Besides meeting noted astrologers, we performed a special pooja at Guruvayoor and other temples in Yeddyurappa's name,\" Gowda told TOI. The other MLAs with Gowda did not wish to be identified. Gowda claimed that according to astrologers, stars are certain to shine on their leader by April 8-9 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408357", "title": "Two held for holding woman in captivity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman was rescued by her neighbours after a month-long captivity on Sunday afternoon when her captors - her paternal uncle and aunt - were out. Neeta Sunera, 22, was badly injured and was directly taken to Shardaben Hospital for treatment. Police have arrested the uncle and aunt for the crime.Shaherkotda police station officials said they received a call at 4 pm on Sunday from the residents of Central Park society, Saraspur, saying that they had rescued a girl from torture after breaking into her house. When police rushed to the spot they found that the victim was Neeta, daughter of Babubhai Sunera, a police constable with Harij police station. She was living with her paternal aunt Maniben and her husband Raman Agja in Central Park society.\"Neighbours alleged that Neeta was subjected to frequent mental and physical torture by her foster parents who used to lock her up when she protested. The victim had been living with her aunt and uncle for the past one year. Her aunt Maniben, sister of Babubhai, had sought to adopt her when Babubhai shifted his base due to transfer. The woman's mother had died nine years ago,\" said a Shaherkotda police station official.The neighbours told police that Neeta was tortured for being slow in work. \"The neighbours alleged that she was hit by utensils and clubs. The residents said that they had tried to persuade the accused to let the woman go, but to no avail. However, when the couple went out for a social function on Sunday, the residents seized the opportunity and rescued her. However, we are yet to record her statement,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12408422", "title": "Keep off South China Sea, India warned", "text": "BEIJING: Calling the South China Sea a disputed region, China has warned India to refrain from oil exploration in the Vietnamese blocks. \"The area is a disputed one. So we do not think that it would be good for India to do that (explore oil),\" deputy director general of Asian affairs in the foreign ministry Sun Weidong said. \"We hope India would do more to ensure peace and security in the region.\"Asking New Delhi not to get involved in the \"disputes\", the top Chinese foreign ministry official said the sovereignty of the islands in the region was a major issue and India should not carry out oil exploration till it was resolved.\"We want common development in the region. We hope Indian side is not involved in those disputes. We hope India would do more to ensure peace and security in the region,\" Sun told a group of visiting Indian journalists. Asked why China was objecting to India's exploration projects in the Vietnamese oil blocs when China were involved in carrying out infrastructure projects in PoK, the top official in-charge of India affairs said both issues are \"totally different\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12412978", "title": "Free jailed Naga Women\u2019s Union-IM leader: Naga bodies", "text": "IMPHAL: Three Naga civil bodies have renewed their demand for the unconditional release of the jailed NSCN(IM) 'head of foreign affairs', Anthony Ningkhan Shimray.Shimray was arrested by NIA sleuths on September 27, 2010 after he landed at Kathmandu airport even as joint secretary (home) for northeast Sambhu Singh said that peace talks and the arrest of the leader are two different issues.The Naga Women's Union (NWU), All Naga Students' Association, Manipur (Ansam) and Naga People's Movement for Human Rights (NPMHR) categorically said that Shimray was arrested despite the fact that he had actively participated in the peace process on the side of the NSCN(IM).Ansam president Kumo Sha said the arrest suggests that there is no honour in the numerous ceasefire agreements that the Centre has entered into and peace talks do not hold any value.He added that he doubted the outcome of the Centre's peace initiative by engaging as many as 31 insurgent groups in the northeast region.Stating that the Centre cannot deny the fact that Shimray is one of the important leaders participating in the ongoing peace talks, the Ansam president said jailing him \"bears testimony of the insincerity of the Centre and complete disregard for the effort that has gone in to initiate peace talks with the NSCN(IM).\"On February 9, the NWU imposed a two-hour 'public curfew' in the four Naga-dominated districts of Senapati, Tamenglong, Chandel and Ukhrul in Manipur to denounce the Shimray's arrest.In the meantime, Shambhu Singh, who attended the signing of the Suspension of Operation (SoO) agreement by two Kuki rebel groups on Saturday at Imphal , said that the arrest and peace talks are not related as anybody who indulged in any illegal act has to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410335", "title": "Black flags shown to Abdul Kalam", "text": "INDORE: Eight volunteers of Non-Government Organisation (NGO) Aazadi Bachao Andolan were arrested for staging a black flag demonstration to former President A P J Abdul Kalam during his visit to the city to deliver a lecture at Indian Institute of Management (IIM-Indore).The demonstrators were protesting against Kalam's reported support to the upcoming Russian built Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant in Tamil Nadu where protests are mounting against the plant.As the protesters staged black flag demonstrations, the police arrested and removed from the spot.Earlier the former president arrived in city on Sunday for a two-day visit to interact with the students of Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I). In the evening, he addressed the students on 'Journey of life'. On Monday, Kalam will give a lecture on 'Ten Pillars of Development Policy,' only for IIM students. It will be followed by his address on 'Empowering 3 billion.' Unlike last year, the institute has made it mandatory for the IIM students to attend Kalam's lectures this time.He will also be interacting with the students of Integrated Programme in Management (IPM) course which was introduced last year. Dr Kalam will also be addressing the students of Holkar Science College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409275", "title": "Low turnout at Team Anna protest, daylong fast", "text": "NAGPUR: The one-day protest organized by India Against Corruption (IAC), Nagpur did not find too many takers, going by the attendance at RBI Square. The protest and fast was organized to support Anna Hazare's similar stir in the national capital. However, IAC says the low turnout should not be a yardstick as the 'message has reached every home and the evidence lies in the latest electoral results'.\"Throughout the day, about 2,000 people visited our protest site but yes at any given moment we had only about 200 maximum supporters here. But don't go by these numbers as there is an 'Anna' in every home now and our message has spread. The defeat of Congress in Amethi is a strong proof that people have rejected them and this has scared the other parties too,\" said Ajay Sanghi, IAC Nagpur coordinator.Another highlight of the day was a discussion about what future course of action Anna should take. IAC distributed survey forms among supporters on Sunday seeking their opinion which would then be forwarded to the core committee. \"We are yet to see the final results of the survey but the overall talks we had today indicated that people are inclined towards two particular options. One is that Anna launches his own political party and the other is to support a candidate through the IAC platform whose agenda is in sync with ours. In the latter option the candidate can be from any party or even an independent. Also we have asked people to give their opinion on any other direction the movement can take,\" said Sanghi.Some of the supporters at RBI Square felt that their movement should be able to offer more to people than just simple advice. Milind Fulzele, an IAC supporter, said, \"We have been asking people not to vote for a party which does not listen to them. Then people ask us what they should do? Unfortunately we cannot give them an option hence the only way forward for us is to start our own political party and field clean candidates who will be accountable to the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12408871", "title": "Will Margao's traffic get the Parrikar touch?", "text": "MARGAO: That the chief minister is serious in addressing the problem of traffic congestion in Margao was evident on Sunday when Manohar Parrikar held deliberations over the issue with senior police officials, including traffic police, over short and long term measures at the South Goa collectorate, Margao.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas, South Goa collector P K Sain, additional collector, Prasanna Acharya , and other senior civil and police officials were present for the meeting. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Parrikar said that he has suggested several structural changes in the traffic plan of the city. \"Without putting in place some structural changes, it may not be possible to streamline the traffic. Besides, the manpower of Margao police will be increased so that adequate staff can be deputed to man traffic flow and parking arrangements, Parrikar said.Construction of a foot-overbridge and subways at some places in the city were also discussed as long-term measures at the meeting, sources said.After the meeting, Parrikar personally inspected some problem-zones along with senior officials and took stock of the situation. He suggested that the traffic police consider making some changes in the traffic flow arrangement to allow movement of two-wheelers in both directions along a couple of roads which are currently designated as one-way.Seemingly not pleased with the poor maintenance of traffic islands in front of the collectorate building, Parrikar demanded an explanation from the chief officer of the Margao Municipal Council, J B Bhingui, who failed to give any reply.Meanwhile, considering objections received from several people over the construction of a proposed handicraft mall at Fatorda, chief minister Manohar Parrikar has decided to review the project.He immediately telephoned the concerned official to put on hold the project. \"I am reviewing the project,\" he was heard telling the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12407637", "title": "Madurai turns green against pollution", "text": "MADURAI: Hundreds of residents in the city took part in the green marathon on Sunday to spread awareness on global warming. The marathon, flagged off by Madurai SP Asra Garg had five categories including wheelchair race for physically the challenged, skating for men and women , marathon for men and a separate category for women. The event was organised by Vickram College of Engineering for the third consecutive year. According to the organisers the event was organized to sensitise the public about the negative aspects of global warming. As part of promoting green energy , the college has also produced three e-bikes that run on batteries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413958", "title": "How to block pesky SMSes", "text": "Whenever I travel and my phone is roaming, I start getting continuous texts with various offers and advertisements. Infact this happens every 30 seconds and if I do not delete the message, my phone stops working. How can I solve this issue?- Gopal KrishnanThe first thing you should do is get your number registered on the DND (Do Not Disturb) list. You can start the service by sending \"Start 0\" to 1909 or simply by calling 1909. Note that registering your number on the list take a few days.Alternately, if you have an Android smartphone, you can install a free app called SMS Blocker by Optinno. It is a free app with an intelligent filter that automatically detects and blocks all spam SMS. If you continue to get spam even after installing the app, you can manually add those senders to a blocked 'blacklist' .The app maintains a log of all blocked messages and even shows a notification when something is blocked. Blocking the messages and registering with DND should solve your problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410143", "title": "UK announces scholarship grants for master courses", "text": "Sixty new scholarships for Master's programmes in the UK for Indian students have been announced. David Cameron , prime minister of UK, recently announced 60 new 'Jubilee Scholarships' for Indian students who will receive full funding for a one-year Master's course in the UK, starting September.The awards, funded by the British Council, will be open to applicants from across India, and aims to include students from every Indian state among its awardees.A part of 'The GREAT' campaign, the scholarships will be offered only in the areas of business administration, manufacturing , and science and technology, which have been identified as popular subjects that Indian students opt for in the UK.Indian nationals with a valid Indian passport can apply for the scholarships. The eligibility criteria require aspirants to have a graduate degree with an excellent academic track record; s/he should have applied for admission to a Master's course (12 months' duration) at a UK institution with the course of study in any of the subject areas mentioned above. An ideal candidate must be ambitious, entrepreneurial and have leadership skills. Also, s/he must demonstrate a commitment to return to India and contribute to the development of the country.The scholarships will cover the university's tuition fee, living expenses for the duration of the scholarship (for a maximum of 12 months) and a one month internship programme in the UK (approximately GBP 900-1000 per month) along with return airfare and a UK visa.The last date for submission of application forms for the scholarship is April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12410243", "title": "21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the Lord at Tirumala", "text": "TIRUPATI: It's an arduous 21-hour wait in the queue for a darshan of their favourite Lord which lasts no more than a fraction of a second. Even as the scorching sun beats down on them, pilgrims patiently await their turn for a darshan of Lord Venkateswara at the hill shrine of Tirumala.As reward for this gruelling exercise, squeezed in like sardines into rows, pilgrims get a darshan of 0.80 milliseconds to 1.5 seconds. That too, amidst a lot of shoving and pushing by temple guards and Srivari volunteers. Those in the know of temple affairs say that three seconds with the Lord inside the sanctum sanctorum can be billed as a 'satisfactory' darshan. With an average of 65,000 pilgrims flocking the temple every day (the rush hits a high of 80,000 on Saturdays and Sundays and over 1 lakh during festivals ), the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) is finding it increasingly difficult to arrange for a proper darshan.Lord Venkateswara is the most revered Hindu God today and over the years, the popularity of Tirumala has risen enormously. As the rush of pilgrims kept multiplying, providing a satisfactory darshan and pruning the waiting period has become an onerous task for TTD. In a time motion study done by experts, it was found that 2,000-2,200 pilgrims are barely able to `finish' the darshan of the Moola Virat (main deity) in one hour when they are pushed around. If temple volunteers exercise restraint, the numbers come down to 1,400-1,600 and further down to 1,000-1,200 if they only holler `move move' inside the garbha griha.With Arjitha sevas, naivedyam, shuddi and other rituals taking away 8 hours and VIP pilgrims allowed darshan for 3-4 hours, common pilgrims have only 10-12 hours. \"Unless TTD maintains transparency and fairness, there will always be heartburn among pilgrims. What is the point in pushing pilgrims in order to cover up the time reserved for VIPs,\" asks PVRK Prasad, former executive officer, TTD. In Maha Laghu darshan (100 feet away from the Lord), the line moves at lightning pace as some 5,000-6,000 pilgrims are accommodated in 60 minutes. \"Even a flash of the Lord's image is difficult as pilgrims are dragged away like players in a kabaddi match,\" an insider in the temple reveals.Also Read: Is Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Utter chaos prevailed in Tirumala on the auspicious Vaikunta Ekadasi on January 5 this year with TTD mandarins issuing over 15,000 VIP passes, leaving thousands of common pilgrims stranded. Many of the pilgrims who reached the Lord's abode through the footpath routes of Alipiri and Srinivasa Mangapuram had to return though they were issued Divya darshan tickets. The time slot given for darshan was after 60 hours. \"I obtained a token on the night of January 4 and was allotted darshan for the afternoon of January 7 That was absurd,\" L V Kishore, an IBM executive of Bangalore, recalls.It was only after mid-1940s that a road was constructed up the hill. Till then, pilgrims used to trek to reach the temple. \"In the last decade, the face of Tirumala has changed drastically. Officials in cahoots with agents have unleashed an unholy system. Pilgrims are now at their mercy,\" S Parvatha Rao, a retired AP High Court judge, rues.Bureaucratic hurdles, lopsided policies pandering to the high and mighty and political interference have wreaked havoc on Tirumala. Considering the growing popularity of Tirumala, numbers are likely to swell to 2-3 lakh pilgrims every day in a couple of years, estimate experts. Mayhem is sure to follow. What's the way-out? \"Allow only 40,000-45,000 pilgrims a day, stop multiple visits in a year and cut down VIP visits drastically. That would solve half of Tirumala's burgeoning problems,\" a senior IAS officer, who was at the helm of TTD, explains.(This is the first in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407705", "title": "Ex-chief secretary Malathi loses last stand against cancer", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Tamil Nadu chief secretary S Malathi died in a private hospital on Sunday morning after a prolonged battle with cancer. She was 57.An IAS officer from the 1977 batch, Malathi opted for voluntary retirement in August 2011. She was known as an honest and forthright government servant who expected the best from those who worked with her.\"Her work ethic was inspiring. She was meticulous, organised and straightforward. Every government order, every bit of information was at her fingertips,\" said additional chief secretary Sheela Chunkath, who knew Malathi since 1980 when they were posted together in Trichy.Malathi started her career as a sub-collector in Trichy in 1979 and held various positions including collector of North Arcot district (1987-89) and secretary of the municipal administration and water supply department (1996-2001).\"She was someone who young officers could look up to. She guided us, was supportive, planned her work and meetings carefully, and never wasted her time or ours,\" said J Radhakrishnan, who worked under her for close to four years. Malathi was diagnosed with breast cancer in July 2003 when she headed the statistics department. She underwent treatment while continuing to work, and in seven months her condition improved. She continued to rise in the ranks and became home secretary in 2006. A scarf to cover hair thinned by chemotherapy and a swollen left hand due to lymphedema were the only signs of her illness.In May 2010, as home secretary, she was diagnosed with recurrent breast cancer in the liver. Malathi was expected to take over from K S Sripathi as chief secretary but she was moved to the vigilance department to give her time to recuperate.In August 2010, Malathi wrote a series of moving pieces on her experience for The Times of India. \"I want people to understand that you can fight cancer. Taken with the right mindset, coming to terms with this illness is not that difficult. The trick is to be positive but prepared for the worst,\" she told TOI during a meeting to edit the pieces.She wrote: \"After seven years you do get a feeling of having been cured... [so hearing the diagnosis] was truly shattering... From the totally despondent thought that I would die in a few days to the dread of therapy to how it will affect my daughter to how expensive the treatment will be, my mind was travelling in several directions but getting nowhere... The immediate desire was to sit in a corner and cry, but then the need to look dignified gets the better of you and stone-faced I left the hospital.\"Malathi became chief secretary in September 2010 in the DMK regime, only the second woman to hold the top bureaucrat's post. In May 2011 when the AIADMK took over, she was transferred to the statistics department. Though she had three more years of service, she resigned in August.At her farewell party when colleagues wished her health and happiness, Malathi told them that she didn't have much time left. \"It was hard to hear that from someone who was always a fighter,\" said Chunkath. \"But she said it with such strength and grace,\" she said.Malathi wrote for TOI: \"I am not sure what the future holds for me: Will I get over this instalment of cancer and if so, for how long? In the time I have left, I shall live every day to the full, and be a good human being, treasuring relationships. Cancer has reinforced my effort to realize myself. If you are unfortunate enough to be diagnosed with cancer, things are not that bleak, there is hope. But cancer or no cancer, eat healthy, do not abuse the body and learn to treasure every day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12412253", "title": "Haryana govt to develop online receipt system", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government will soon develop an online receipt system to improve service delivery to various depositors intending to make any payment to the government.\"The new system would not only facilitate payment through internet banking for customers of various empanelled banks but would also help in generating verified challans to deposit cash in branches of the empanelled banks,\" an official spokesman said here today.He said with the implementation of 'Cyber Treasury' project, various depositors would not be required to approach treasury for getting the challans verified as the facility would be provided to those departments, which intend to collect receipts from various persons and then deposit the same with the treasury bank.He said that at present, tax and non tax government receipts are received through the process of filling up relevant challans and depositing the amount with the concerned treasury bank branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12407983", "title": "New twist to Magadh varsity principals\u2019 appointment", "text": "GAYA: By demanding removal of MU officiating VC Arun Kumar for his alleged role in the appointment of 'inferior' candidates as MU principals for extraneous considerations, Shiv Jatan Thakur, a former member of the selection committee of the MU principals appointment representing the chancellor of the universities of the state, has given a new twist to the appointments.The appointments, first made more than three years back, were subsequently annulled by the Patna High Court. The matter went to the SC, which upheld the high court order quashing the appointments. The SC in September 2011 also set a six-week deadline ending on October 20, 2011, for the completion of the appointment process. More than four months after the expiry of the deadline, the university notified the appointment of 21 principals on March 2, 2012 and the appointments were made public ten days later on March 12, 2012.In a letter addressed to the governor-cum-chancellor, Devanand Konwar, Thakur has alleged that the MU officiating VC has not followed the legal protocol of the appointments.If Thakur is to be believed, the MU filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying therein that as per Section 57(iii) of the Bihar Universities Act 1976, the selection committee quorum was five including two experts. Thakur's letter alleged that Victor Tigga, former VC of Sidhu Kanu University, Dumka, and Ramesh Pande, Pro-VC of the Nilambar-Pitambar University, Palamu, two experts of the selection committee did not sign the selection list thereby making the list legally questionable.Another charge made by Thakur pertained to the varsity stand that 'nothing amiss' was found during the inquiry conducted by the committee headed by IC Kumar into the alleged manipulation in the preparation of the panel for appointment. According to Thakur's letter, the inquiry committee chief IC Kumar has said on record that the inquiry was well under way and 'prima facie' doubtful cases have surfaced during the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore ", "code": "12410296", "title": "No arrest in Jhabua jailbreak", "text": "INDORE : Even 24 hours after the incident, in which four inmates of Jhabua jail escaped, no one has been arrested so far. Senior jail officials reached there on Sunday to take stock of the situation.Source in the jail department said IG Sanjay Vimane reached Jhabua on Saturday night while DG RC Arora reached on Sunday.The jail officials are trying to find out how the inmates managed to escape and if there is any involvement of jail officials, the source said.No arrest has been done so far, said the jail superintendent Mahesh Sahu adding that police are giving its best to nab them.Four inmates, imprisoned for robbery in separate cases, escaped from Jhabua district jail on Saturday. They were identified as Velu Tolia, Sadhu Chhagan, Amaru Vijaya and Jairam Miya.The incident took place at 12 noon when five inmates tried to escape with the help of their accomplices waiting outside the jail. However, one of them was arrested later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "12408701", "title": "Rishi keeps date with Balaji on birthday", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Jain family of Ghumar Mandi celebrated the 27th birthday of their son, Rishi, at Balaji temple.Our family is a devotee of Lord Hanuman and Balaji. I wanted to celebrate my birthday in a different way this time and so, my family and I performed a havan at Balaji temple in Joshi Nagar, Haibowal. We also made donations to the temple and served langar to devotees, said Rishi, who runs Krish International, a textile industry.His wife, Archana, gifted him an iPhone 4S and his four-year-old son, Vansh, along with his grandparents, Ashok Jain and Asha, gave him a bouquet.I am happy that my son decided to celebrate his birthday in the temple. We performed Navaratra prayers too, as this time his birthday is during an auspicious period, said Ashok.Later on Saturday evening, they threw a party for friends and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409442", "title": "SMS police if code violated", "text": "NEW DELHI: This election season, if you receive an SMS that violates the model code, shoot it off to Delhi Police. Under Election Commission's directive, police will now investigate all complaints regarding objectionable SMSs transmitted by persons with a vested interest in elections.Deputy commissioner of police (special cell), Arun Kampani, has been appointed the nodal officer for receiving complaints. You can forward it to 9811007552 or send your complaints to . You can also fax your complaint to 011-24649171Explaining the procedure, deputy commissioner of police (election cell) A K Singla said, \"We have received a few complaints so far but they are mostly to do with unauthorized putting up of posters and banners. We usually forward the complaint to the concerned district police officers who investigate the same and get back.\"Police sources said that they are expecting the number of complaints to grow as the election campaign gathers steam. While the penalization for such complaints is not fixed, illegally putting up election posters and banners usually falls under the Delhi Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 2007, said cops.During polls, bribery, appeal to or use of religious symbols, consumption of liquor in meetings, and so on fall under corrupt practices listed in section 22 of the DMC Act, 1957. Also, during electioneering, convoys of more than three vehicles are not allowed and loudspeakers can only be used between 6am and 10pm.The model code of conduct for the guidance of political parties and candidates says that criticism of other political parties and contesting candidates should only be confined to their policies and programme, past record and work. No political party, candidates, their supporters or workers should put up hoardings, banners, buntings, posters at any public place or property and loudspeakers should be used only with permission from the competent authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12407593", "title": "HC allows petitioner to tap sweet palm", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has said that as long as a palm climber holds a licence, the police should not restrain him from taking sweet palm sap. The bench made this observation saying that licence conditions should not be violated by the palm tapper.\"In case, he, by misusing the licence engages for the sale of toddy, necessary action could be taken against him by the police,\" the judge added while disposing a petition filed by one R Marimuthu seeking to permit him to continue his profession.Marimuthu of Thotiyam said that he is a member of a Palm Jaggery Cooperative Society situated at Unniyur Village, Thottiyam Taluk wherein the persons engaged in climbing of palm tree for the collection of palm product are all the members to it.\"Every year, we used to obtain licence from the Tamil Nadu Palm Products Development Corporation for the purpose of climbing the palm tree. On the basis of the said licence we take on rent, palm and coconut tress and by taking the sweet palm sap, we prepare jaggery and market the same. It was a routine process and we used to do it regularly,\" the petitioner said.The petitioner said he was granted such licence in 2003 and periodically renewed. In respect of collection of the sweet palm sap, one of the licence conditions was that no one should collect toddy. For that, the pot used for collecting the sweet palm sap should not be coated with lime water.Marimuthu said, \"After obtaining the licence for this year, the police refused to allow him to climb the tree for the purpose of collecting sweet palm sap to prepare palm jaggery. They allegedly threatened him that if he climbed the palm tree, he would be charged with severe offence.\"Disposing the petition, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"The misuse of a licence by others cannot be a reason to the preventive action against the petitioner. Even according to the police, the petitioner was not involved in any offense relating to palm products. So long as the petitioner is issued with a license by the authority and he is abiding by the terms and conditions of the licence, he should be permitted to do his avocation.The judge further said, \"The petitioner has got every right to climb the palm tree for collecting palm products and to prepare jaggery for selling it. So long as the petitioner confines in activities within the four corners of the licence issued to him, there is no question of taking action against him by the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12408053", "title": "Timber depot partly gutted", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a fire accident at Mallapur, a timber depot was partially gutted on Sunday. The incident took place at around 1 pm. The first call to the fire control room was made at around 2 pm.The fire started in an enclosed space. When the employees noticed the same, they informed the fire officers. The fire may be caused due to short-circuit. The extent of damage is not yet ascertained.Another fire accident occurred at Nalgonda Crossroads at around 2 pm on Sunday when a garbage heap in the cellar of a tyre storehouse caught fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408440", "title": "Fire destroys 3 floors of bank", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Everything inside three of the seven floors of Central Bank of India's zonal office was burned to cinders after a short circuit on the fifth floor led to major fire breakout on Sunday afternoon. The zonal office is located besides Roopalee Theatre at Lal darwaza.One of the major worries for the bank officials is the large amount of financial data that has been destroyed in the fire. Experts suspect that a short circuit around 2.15 pm in the main switch and junction box led to the incident. The fire quickly spread to the sixth and seventh floors. It consumed a part of the fourth floor too.Being Sunday, the office was closed and timely alert by the security guards led to the fire fighters reaching early. 30 firemen, four tankers, and a turntable ladder were led by additional chief fire officer Rajesh Bhatt in the exercise.A fire department official said that a number of windows had to be broken before the firemen could entered the fourth floor. \"There was thick black smoke. The furniture had charred and visibility was very low. It took us 2.5 hours to control the breakout,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408207", "title": "History society brings Himalayan birds, animals to book", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of paintings and chronicles of Himalaya's wildlife were sitting idle in the Bombay Natural History Society's library when its members decided to compile them into a book. After poring over 40 books and several hunters' diaries, the book was compiled and will be launched next week, first in Delhi and then in Mumbai.The 215-page book, titled \"Wildlife of the Himalayas and the Terai region\" focuses on various species of birds and animals in and around the Himalayan region. Animals such as Sumatran rhinoceros and one-horned rhinoceros, which are no longer found in the Himalayan region, have found mention in the book. These animals are now present only in Burma, Malaysia and Sumatra islands.The book contains reproductions of rare lithographs of Himalayan birds, plants and animals , selected from books by eminent European artists and naturalists like John Gould, J Forbes Royle, J D Hooker, Nathaniel Wallich, E C Stuart Baker, T C Jerdon, R Lydekkar, Prater and many others.The BNHS has tried to reproduce 100 to 150-year-old lithographs of Himalayan fauna living at high altitudes. \"This is the fourth book that we are bringing out. We decided to focus on the Himalayasbecause its flora and fauna are rich and colourful. We have spoken about the life at the base of the Himalayas and Terai, which is an area of swamps and grasslands and rich in wildlife,\" said Dr Ashok Kothari, secretary, BNHS. Kohthari and Dr Boman Chhapgar co-edited the book. The compilation of the book took over two years.At the centre of the Himalayas, the wildlife is distinct and there are broad-leaved forests. The book features an array of wildlife starting at the base, middle and beyond Himalayas. The main attraction will be 10 double-spread plates of pheasants-famous for dazzling colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412941", "title": "Committee to improve state healthcare", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Jana Swastha Abhiyaan (JSA) or People's health movement, which was started in the state in the year 2000 to probe into health-related issues and make available healthcare facilities in the state, formed a new state committee on Sunday.The committee comprising Assam Vigyan Samity, Assam Gyan Vigyan Samity, Ellora Vigyan Mancha and Centre of Medical and Sales Representatives Union, northeast (CRU) is looking into different aspects of healthcare issues to bring necessary reforms for the same.Since the Centre is considering giving a choice to the patients and their families between public and private health care providers, the committee, in its meeting on Sunday pointed out that such a move would only strengthen the private sector.Bijon Das, one of the members present in the meeting said, \"Most of the private hospitals charge a lot for treatment as they mainly focus on their profit.\"Amit Sengupta, another member said, \"We need to bring about a change in the healthcare sector. Diseases like TB are still killing children every year and if welook into the scenario in Assam, the state still has a high MMR and IMR rate.\"\"The prices of medicines are also going up every year, and making it difficult for people to avail medicines. So, we are proposing to bring down the prices of essential medicines. We are also proposing that 3 per cent GDP should be spent on healthcare instead of 1.2 per cent to improvise the overall healthcare system in the country,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413275", "title": "No celebrations for Hauz Khas village", "text": "On March 26, 1987, Bina Ramani says she discovered Hauz Khas village, but her plan to commemorate its 25th anniversary with a three week long festival has come to naught.If Bina Ramani had her way, she'd be kickstarting a three week long celebration today at Hauz Khas village - the same place that she's been credited for 'discovering' in the late 1980s. \"At that time, 25 years ago,\" says Bina, \"it was a tiny, sleepy little village in the heart of south Delhi with this magnificent Mughal era aura around it. I wanted to open a store and that's how I discovered it. And at that time only I realised that we could turn it into a beautiful hub of design and culture, and look at what it has become today. It's an incredible place. It's a truly international place with all sorts of flavours and influences. For me, it's my Goa in Delhi. But I have to say that the original choudhary there, his name was Choudhary Raghuvir Singh, he co-operated a lot with us. He was a fine gentleman because of whom we could make it what it has become.\"About six months ago, Bina decided to commemorate 25 years of the village's existence and drew up a comprehensive plan for the celebrations lasting over three weeks. She says she spoke with the various shop owners in the neighbourhood, and even got many ambassadors to the village over the past couple of months to get them involved with the plan. \"I envisaged a three week long celebration of the culture and spirit of the village. I thought we could request for the monuments to be opened up for a few days so that we could host Sufi concerts there. I'd also spoken to a few ambassadors to see if we could host food festivals at the village during the celebrations.\"But, Bina says that all of her plans came to naught when the villagers refused to become part of the celebrations. \"Perhaps they don't want to draw unnecessary attention, and that's why they declined to cooperate. I so wish that something could have been done. It would have turned out to be an amazing celebration for the village.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12414315", "title": "Fatty diet may cause new brain cells to sprout: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Eating too much French fries and burgers? Then, the effects would not only show up in your weight but also in your brain, scientists say.Researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in the US have discovered that high-fat diets cause new brain cells in mice to sprout in an area of the brain that seems to regulate eating.Interestingly, the new brain-cell growth was stopped, the mice gained less weight and stayed more active even while eating their \"supersize\" diet, the researchers said.\"We really don't understand the function of these neurons in the normal brain,\" study researcher Seth Blackshaw was quoted as saying by LiveScience.\"Our data suggests that these neurons may have an important role in regulating feeding,\" he said, adding the finding may lead to developing new diet-regulating therapies for humans too.According to the team, the cells are located in a part of the brain, called the median eminence, which lies at the edge of a fluid-filled chamber and therefore outside of the blood-brain barrier (which keeps toxic substances out of the brain), but it extends deep into the hypothalamus.The hypothalamus plays a role in regulating how our bodies spend the energy they take in and sends out signals to the body through the pituitary gland to control hunger, thirst and behaviour.Because the median eminence is in contact with areas of the body outside the blood-brain barrier, the researchers think it may be detecting chemicals in the blood and transferring signals about the condition of the body into the hypothalamus, which can then make decisions about eating.In the study, published in journal Nature Neuroscience, the researchers wanted to see how brain cells in the median eminence reacted to a high-fat diet, so they put mice on a \"Big Mac\" diet -- which contained 60 per cent fat instead of the 35 per cent fat in regular mouse chow.The researchers found that on the high-fat diet, creation of new brain cells in the median eminence increased from one per cent to five per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12408208", "title": "Maoist leader admits to fissures", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Maoists releasing Claudio Colangelo, one of the two Italian hostages on Sunday, Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik appealed to the rebels to immediately free the other two hostages.\"They should inform us about (abducted MLA) Hikaka's whereabouts so that talks can begin for his release, unharmed,\" he said shortly after Colangelo was set free.Meanwhile, insurgent leader Sabyasachi Panda condemned the killing of a policeman in Malkangiri as well as the MLA's kidnapping and admitted that it was the result of fissures within the Maoists.Panda blamed the Andhra-Orissa Border Special Zonal Committee for violating his call for ceasefire, but said that no violence would take place in Kandhamal, Gajapati, Ganjam and Rayagada districts, where he operates.Colangelo (60), a native of Rocca Di Papa, Rome , said he wants to return home \"the sooner the better\", but added that he would love to revisit India. \"I would love to come back to India. But may be I would not be foolish to visit Maoist areas,\" he told journalists at Sorada where cops quizzed him on the kidnapping.The Italian said the Maoists possibly took them hostage without knowing who they were. \"They perhaps took us by chance,\" he said. Sandeep Sahu, one of the journalists to whom the Maoists handed over Colangelo, said he had spoken to Paolo and he was fine. \"We trekked 16 hours to reach the Maoist hideout,\" he added.In the evening, Colangelo met Italy's consul general in Kolkata Joel Melchiori in Bhubaneswar. He said he would visit Puri to collect some of his belongings.Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, who was behind the abduction, told a news channel that Paolo would be freed once the Maoists are assured that the government will fulfill some of their demands.The rebels had made 13 demands, including the release of Panda's wife Subhashree, in jail for the last two years.There was no word on Hikaka. \"We are waiting for some kind of response from the MLA's abductors,\" said home secretary U N Behera. Sources said the ruling BJD was exploring back channel negotiations with the extremists and representatives of the Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha, believed to be a Maoist front, for Hikaka's release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410125", "title": "Discover yourself", "text": "Aaditi Isaac attends a workshop to discover that theatre can be used to instil business values and ethics among studentsCan theatre be used to teach business ethics and values to students? The answer is yes. Theatre is not only an alternative medium that can be used to communicate , but can also be used to instil important values such as business ethics in students.At a workshop conducted recently, students learnt about business values and ethics from Lushin Dubey, actor and theatre personality.\"These students are already in an institution where there is a lot of stress on the pillars of leadership. Theatre/drama is a medium of expression because there is no right or wrong in it. It is one of the most expressive forms of self-awareness and also awareness about others . It is through drama that we aim to bring about self-awareness among young students and talk about business values and ethics,\" says Dubey, who conducted the theatre class over a period of five days at the School of Inspired Leadership (SOIL), Gurgaon.Talking about how business values and ethics were instilled in students, Dubey says that it was through a process that happened when students confronted an issue. That process led to an awareness about oneself and others and helped students tackle the situation as a team. At the end of five days, they presented a skit.\"Students were first made to feel like a big family - a single unit. They came up with their strengths and weaknesses and took time to open up and examine the case study from an ethical perspective. By getting into the skin of a character, they experienced reality. Through team work, they decided how to deal with a situation and discussed about ethical dilemmas when it came to issues such as abortion,\" she explains.Talking about the challenges she faced while conducting the exercises, Dubey says, \"Students came from diverse backgrounds. It took them time to open up, but once they did, they discovered that the exercises were mirrors of themselves,\" she concludes.- Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412824", "title": "Assam Rifles completes 177 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Rifles, which has over the years emerged as a crucial force in containing insurgent movement in the northeast and safeguarding the region's international border, completes 177 years this year.Since its formation in 1835 as a civil protection force by the name 'Cachar Levy' during the British rule, the Assam Rifles has also played crucial role in bringing stability to the insurgency-affected northeast. During the two World Wars, the paramilitary force exhibited its military prowess in evacuating the fleeing British and Indian refugees from Burma at the advance of the Japanese army and in special operations during the Burma campaign.In the Chinese aggression of 1962 , the force was at the forefront of the attack. Assam Rifles was also sent to Sri Lanka on the Indian peacekeeping mission and was involved in counter-insurgency operations in Jammu and Kashmir.\"We're absolutely geared up to meet any future challenges and capable of delivering multi-tasking assignments any time, anywhere,\" said director general Assam Rifles Major General R K Lakhanpaul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412668", "title": "Deepraj Rana in Prakash Jha's Next", "text": "After internationally acclaimed Indian actor Kabir bedi, it's now Allahabadi actor Deepraj Rana, who has been signed by director Prakash Jha for his next movie based on the Maoists and the Naxals, 'Chakravyuh'.Confirming the news the actor informed, \"Yes I have been roped in to play a very important role in the movie, shooting for which will commence sometime soon. It's a very good project based on the life of Maoists, and I am very excited about it.\"Deepraj Rana, at present, is doing a number of projects including Sanjay mishra's 'Pranam Walekum', Neeraj Pandey's 'Special 26', Mithun Chakraborty's 'Enemy' and Tigmanshu Dhuliya's 'Sahab Biwi and Ganster 2'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12412936", "title": "Clogged, overflowing drains make commuting difficult", "text": "Allahabad: The locals living near Nakhas Kohna are grappling with the problem of overflowing drains. The overflowing water has spilled onto the roads, causing inconvenience to the commuters. The drains flowing in the area are not being cleaned regularly due to which they start overflowing, often causing waterlogging.The ongoing work of laying sewer pipelines in the area is only compounding the problem. The roads are not being dug up in a proper manner without causing inconvenience to the people. A local, Arshad Khan, said, \"The drains of the area always remain clogged due to which water overflows and fills the lane. Commuters face a lot of incontinence due to waterlogged roads.\"Even the shopkeepers in the area complain about lackadaisical attitude of Allahabad Municipal Corporation and Jal Sansthan officials. They complain that the drains in the area are rarely cleaned and remain choked most of the time. While speaking about the callous attitude of Allahabad Municipal Corporation and Jal Santshan officials, Nadeem Irfan, a local, said, \"Sanitation workers do not come regularly to the area for cleaning the drains. Due to clogging of drains, water spills on the road. The officials also do not take action against the erring sanitation staff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412540", "title": "Sundeep's comic act", "text": "This Ugadi was extra special for Maranthen Mannithen actor Sundeep Kishan as his new film was launched on this auspicious day.Srikanth Chenna is directing the flick touted to be a 'complete entertainer'. \"When director Srikanth narrated the script to me, I ended up laughing all the way through it. It's going to be a laugh riot from the start to the end. There is also a little bit of action in this film,\" says the actor.Meanwhile the director says that they will start shooting from the first week of May. \"We are going to complete the film in a single schedule,\" says producer Manjunatha. The filmmakers are currently on the look out for a female lead for the untitled flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12408792", "title": "Cops tighten screws on truck drivers", "text": "PONDA: Irked over the disappearance of the truck driver responsible for Usgao mishap that had claimed three lives on-the-spot including a 15-year-old schoolgirl on March 5, Ponda police have made the filling of a verification form for each driver mandatory. The unknown truck driver, who fled from the scene and is still absconding, had rammed a school bus crushing the driver of the bus, Ganesh Prabhu, 40, a resident of Barazan Usgao, cleaner of the bus Sagar Subhash Gosavi, 34, a resident of Gosaviwada Usgao, and Priyanka Ramnath Gaude, 15, a class X student of Sarvodaya High School, Usgao.Ponda sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) DySP Dinraj Govekar revealed that they have instructed truck operators to file verification forms of each and every driver that drives trucks for mining companies on Usgao-Dharbandora road stretch.The verification forms helps police to keep a record of persons who do not own a house in Goa. However, filling of forms is widely avoided by truck operators, and that helps some accused flee after any incident, a police source said. This was once again noticed in the Usgao mishap, where the truck driver, a native of Jharkhand , fled after the accident leaving all the injured abandoned in the bus. Interestingly, the owner of the truck had no any information about the driver, except the fake driving license, which he had with him.Irate over the disappearance of the truck driver, police had arrested the owner of the truck, one Pradeep Gaunekar, a resident of Usgao under sections 304-A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 279 (rash &amp; negligent driving), 337 (minor hurt to people), 338 (major hurt to people) of the Indian penal code (IPC) and section 134 A &amp; B (fleeing from the accident scene without providing medical aid to accident victims and informing the police) of Motor Vehicle Act. Gaunekar is now out on bail, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414638", "title": "Sneha to the rescue", "text": "Looks like actor Sneha Ullal is taking her tag as an animal and bird welfare activist seriously.The actor, who recently shot to renewed fame with her video \"Lick\", rescued a cuckoo after it fainted due to dehydration. And before other birds could prey on it, Sneha made sure the cuckoo was safe. \"Just saved this cuckoo bird from being attacked by birds. It fainted coz of the heat and no water..\" posted the actor on a micro blogging site.The actor also took the cuckoo to the vet and posted a picture of the bird for all her followers to see. \"Tuk it (cuckoo) to the doc and its fine now..but have to keep it with me till 5am tm then release it when crows r sleeping...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409003", "title": "President Pratibha Patil's foreign trips cost record Rs 205 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil's wanderlust has cost the public exchequer a whopping Rs 205 crore on her foreign visits, surpassing the record of all her predecessors.Since assuming office as the country's first woman President in July 2007, Patil has undertaken 12 foreign trips covering 22 countries across four continents. She has four more months to go for her five-year tenure and a trip to South Africa is said to be on the anvil.A series of RTI applications has revealed that Air India incurred over Rs 169 crore on use of chartered aircraft, always a Boeing 747-400, on the foreign visits by Patil, mostly accompanied by her family members. A visit to Bhutan was covered by a smaller jet.A further sum of nearly Rs 36 crore has been incurred by the Ministry of External Affairs on accommodation, local travel, daily Allowance and \"miscellaneous\" expenses, according to the information provided by the ministry.The RTI applications were filed over a period of three years during which the authorities concerned showed great reluctance to reveal information.The Ministry of Defence , which pays Air India for use of chartered aircraft by the President, fended off RTI queries and provided little information.Air India has billed the Defence Ministry for over Rs 169 crore on account of aircraft used by Patil. Of this, the Ministry has paid nearly Rs 153 crore, leaving unpaid bills of over Rs 16 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12409690", "title": "Myriad fragrances draw flower lovers", "text": "PANCHKULA: The flower lovers of Panchkula got an opportunity to witness the unique variety of flowers without traveling to a far of place at the fruit, vegetable and flower fest held at Kisan Bhawan, Sector 14, Panchkula on March 24 and 25.Though the fest involved fruits and vegetables as well, it were flowers, which stole the show. A vast variety of these were brought from international locations, such as Thailand , Bangkok , Holland, and from the interiors of Kolkata, Haryana and other states as well.Many fake varieties of flowers are sold these days in the garb of real ones. I have got the real Rajnigandha, which is even more fragrant than Raat Ki Raani, to the fest. If it is kept in a room even for a few minutes, its fragrance would last for the next four days, said Shiv Charan, who got this variety from Billock village in Faridabad.There were some flowers which are specifically used for decorative purposes. These flowers like Sweet Willium, Jarbera, Carnation Hybrid and Dancing Bamboo seem artificial, but are real. Some of these varieties have a life span of two to three years, said Sushil Kumar, a farmer from Delhi.Riya Chopra, a Sector 4 resident from Panchkula said, Flowers are the best option to deck up your house. Tulips here are quite alluring and fascinating. These flowers have such an aura that even someone who is unwell would start feeling good. I found the violet Orchids the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408369", "title": "S Korea offers nuke reactors to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signalling an end to the Fukushima gloom that overhang the global nuclear sector, South Korea has offered to build nuclear reactors in India and sought land for the project. The move is significant on another count too - it indicates a renewed interest in the Indian nuclear power sector with the impending resolution of the Kudankulam crisis.New Delhi, in turn, is likely to launch Korean satellites, adding South Korea to its clientele which includes Israel , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Algeria. Emerging from talks with president Lee Myung-bak in the presidential Blue House in Seoul, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, \"India has offered to launch Korean satellites on Indian space launch vehicles.\"A joint statement said, \"The two leaders proposed that the concerned agencies of both countries study the possible cooperation in future space activities, including launching a nano-satellite developed by Korean students on an Indian launch vehicle.\"Korea, in many ways, rewrote nuclear history a few years ago by winning a contract to build reactors in the UAE , undercutting French giant Areva. Given the delays in working out a nuclear deal with Japan, which is holding up deals with France among others, some quarters in India feel Korean reactors could be the answer.India has supported the South on the issue of North Korea, weighing in against Pyongyang's plans to launch an \" application satellite\".In a departure from previous years, Posco barely found mention in the meeting between Manmohan Singh and South Korean president Lee Myung-bak, but the PM invited Korea to bid and participate in infrastructure projects across India.In his remarks to Korean industry as well as in the joint statement, Singh said India planned to invest $1 trillion in infrastructure development for 2012-17. \"Noting the enviable track record of Korean companies in successfully executing infrastructure projects all over the globe, PM invited them to actively participate in the construction projects for highways, ports, airports, metros and power plants being regularly launched in India... (He) pointed out that India followed a transparent and competitive bidding process, which was open to qualified companies from all countries,\" it said.India and Korea agreed to increase the bilateral trade target to $40 billion by 2015. India and Korea also signed an agreement for simplifying visa procedures. This agreement will make travelling easier for business persons, the PM added.Relegating Posco to the sidelines is surprising since the PM has been personally invested in the project billed as the largest FDI in India. But the Orissa government and Posco have been at odds over a continuing protest by around 700 people at the site. Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik is unwilling to adopt strong-arm tactics against the protesters, fearing another Nandigram.Ties between Delhi and Seoul are on an upswing, and a trilateral with Japan is slated for later this year.India has backed Seoul on North Korea even on the latest standoff. Prior to Singh leaving for Seoul, the external affairs ministry cautioned publicly that tensions should not be exacerbated in the region. The joint statement said, \"Noting North Korea's announcement made on March 16, 2012, that it plans to launch the so-called 'application satellite', they urged that nothing should be done which increases tensions in the region and violates the relevant UN Security Council resolutions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12414335", "title": "Team Anna's 'looters &amp; rapists' remarks upsets MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna on Monday came under sharp attack in Lok Sabha with members from all sides slamming civil society members for using derogatory language against parliamentarians during a day long fast here.Even as members spoke against Team Anna, MPs from Congress belonging to Telangana as also those from TRS and TDP rushed to Well shouting slogans in support of statehood.Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj said that by speaking against democratic institutions, the civil society members were indirectly inviting dictatorship. She said while on the one hand, it wants the Lokpal Bill to be cleared by Parliament, on the other, it was accusing the MPs of being corrupt.She said if MPs were \"looters\", \"corrupt\" and \"rapists\", then why did Team Anna send three of its demands to be incorporated in a resolution passed by Parliament. Swaraj recalled that BJP, along with other opposition parties, had supported Anna Hazare's demand for a strong Lokpal Bill and had even slammed the government for brining a \"weak\" legislation.She said the issue was not limited to an individual or a group of MPs but the entire institution which is the anchor of democracy in the country.JD-U leader and NDA convenor Sharad Yadav accused Team Anna of targeting him and found support from Swaraj. He also sought to know how many Team Anna members have gone to jail for raising issues of public interest. \"I have been to jail...I have fought all my life,\" said a visibly agitated Yadav.Demanding a resolution again Team Anna for using derogatory language, derogatory language, Yadav said Anna Hazare , who was present during yesterday's token fast, should have stopped his colleagues from targeting Parliament and using such a language against parliamentarians.Accusing Team Anna of \"working against Parliament,\" he said MPs have often raised the issue of corruption inside the House. He recalled that some MPs had to lose their membership in the cash-for-query scam.\"We had raised the issue of 2G scam,\" he said.As he attacked Team Anna, Congress members were seen thumping desks in his support. Sanjay Nirupam (Congress) claimed that some \"outside powers\" were trying to destabilise the Indian system through NGOs as they were jealous of the country's development. He said while he too had earlier supported Team Anna's fight against corruption, now it seemed that the group was waging a fight against the \"political class\".Several NDA members were seen supporting Nirupam's demand that a probe must be ordered to ascertain who was supporting Team Anna.Basudeb Acharia (CPI-M) said the attack on MPs was not an attack on an individual but on the reputation of the entire House. Demanding action against the civil society members,Shailendra Kumar (SP) said the attack on Constitution should be slammed by all. He said all MPs should come forward to defend the \"temple of democracy\". All the while, slogan shouting on Telangana issue continued and Deputy Speaker Kariya Munda adjourned the House for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408049", "title": "CPI\u2019s national meet to begin tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: Communist Party of India (CPI) is all set to deliberate on various contemporary national and international issues and elect party office-bearers for the next term during its five-day 21st Party Congress beginning on March 27. It is third time in the party's history that the congress will be held in Bihar - the earlier occasions being in 1968 and 1986. As the meet is being held in the cow belt after a gap of 15 years and the nation is in a state of flux, this party congress may mark a watershed in the country's political arena.Giving this information here on Sunday, party's national secretary Atul Kumar Anjan said the congress's inaugural session would also be attended by the leaders of fraternal left parties - Prakash Karat (CPM), Debbrato Biswas (Forward Bloc), Dipankar Bhattacharya (CPI-ML) and Abani Ray (Revolutionary Socialist Party). As such, the convention, which will be attended by about 1,000 elected delegates from 23 states and four Union territories, may mark some progress in forging left unity in the country.Anjan said the party would organize a rally from Gandhi Maidan at 11am on March 27. After passing through Frazer Road, Patna railway station and Exhibition Road, the rally would culminate in Gandhi Maidan, to be followed by a public meeting at around 1.30 pm.CPI general secretary AB Bardhan would inaugurate the party congress on March 28 at SK Memorial Hall (christened Sunil Mukherjee Hall) after welcome address by Gaya Singh, ex-MP and chairman of reception committee. Thereafter, various party and political issues would be discussed during the convention, he said.Eminent panellists would address three seminars on 'Agrarian crisis in India', 'Socialism in the 21st Century' and 'Solidarity meeting in support of Latin America, Palestine and Syria' on March 28, 29 and 30, respectively.An all-India mushaira and kavi sammelan would also be held at Gandhi Maidan on March 27. SK Memorial Hall would be the venue of cultural programmes to be organized on March 28 and 29.The import of the party congress lies in the fact that it could put forward a new left agenda before the country and give a fillip to moves for a non-UPA, non-NDA political alternative. It would conclude on March 31 with adoption of political resolution, political report and organizational report, as also election of a new national council and others.Gaya Singh, ex-MLC Shatrughna Prasad Singh and party's state secretary Badri Narayan Lal were also present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414054", "title": "'The Hunger Games' creates box office record", "text": "The Hunger Games, the film adaptation of the first book in young adult author Suzanne Collins's trilogy, has broken box office records at the US box office by earning a mammoth $155 million in its opening weekend.The film, which is a dystopian thriller in which teens are forced by a brutal government to face off against - and kill - each other has become the third highest grossing film when it comes to opening weekends.The top two are Harry Potter And The Deathy Hallows: Part 2 and The Dark Knight which collected $169 million and $158 million respectively.However, the opening is still the best for a non-sequel (which was held by Johnny Depp's Alice In Wonderland with $116 million) and a non-3D film.The Hunger Games stars Oscar-nominated actress Jennifer Lawrence in the lead role as Katniss Everdeen, a fearless teenager who volunteers to be part of the annual Hunger Games.The film is directed by Gary Ross , who earlier directed the emotional Seabiscuit. The next film in the trilogy, Catching Fire, is scheduled to release by November 22, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12410222", "title": "Lifeline for birds to beat heat", "text": "SURAT: With temperatures hitting 40 degrees Celsius, a non-government organization (NGO) has started a massive campaign to save birds from dying of thirst in the city that has turned into a concrete jungle.The NGO, Prayas, aims to distribute at least 10,000 clay water pots free of cost to citizens this summer. To reach out to maximum people, Prayas has started a campaign on social networking site FaceBook as well as You Tube to inform people about the initiative.On their website, Prayas has said that if anyone wants to have these pots to hang in their apartment galleries, gardens, offices, society plots, they can pick up these summer lifelines for birds from their distribution centers. They have also promised that if people leave their phone numbers, members of their team will remind the clay pot holder everyday in the morning to fill up the water for birds.Darshan Desai of Prayas told TOI said, \"City habitat has changed from what it was in the past. Heat levels have increased tremendously and we find that birds find it very difficult to live if they don't have any source of water.\"\"There are number of people who want to help but don't know from where to get these pots and so we have decided to distribute them free for the people,\" he said.Before April 15 , they plan to distribute all 10,000 pots to the people who wish to serve the birds .They have set up distribution centres at Ghod Dod Road , Athwagate, Honey park in Adajan, Delhi gate, Bhagal, Pal, Gopipura, Udhna and Katargam for people to collect them.Due to the changed environment, sparrows have almost vanished in many of the city areas. The major reason is they have been left with no space to build nests. \" Now if the water sources disappear, we will be left with a situation in a decade where we will have take out children to zoos to show even the simple sparrows and doves and mynas,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "12408481", "title": "Suspected swine flu case in Anand", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: A 26-year-old youth with suspected swine flu infection is being treated at a private hospital in Anand.According to Anand district officials, Ghanshyam Rathod, a resident of Rampura in Bakrol area of Anand town is being treated at an Anand-based private hospital as he has shown some symptoms of swine flu.Rathod got married on March 12 but since the time of his marriage he was suffering from cold, cough and fever. At first, he had gone for routine check-up but as he could not recover he was hospitalized before five days at a private hospital in Anand.The hospital authorities on Sunday informed Anand district health officer S B Shah about the swine flu symptoms of the patient. The health officials have collected saliva and blood samples of Rathod and sent it to Ahmedabad for further tests.The district health officials have also taken preventive measures by conducting tests on Rathod's wife and his parents.Gujarat health department is already on swine flu alert after cases of influenza H1N1 virus - commonly known as swine flu - have come to light in the neighbouring states of Rajasthan and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12413137", "title": "Passport fair held for Haj aspirants", "text": "Bhubaneswar: The regional passport office (RPO) in Bhubaneswar on Sunday organized a passport mela for Haj aspirants to help them get passports quickly to embark on the pilgrimage towards end-October.Around 200 aspirants turned up at the first of its kind fair in Bhubaneswar. While the RPO received 70 applications for passport under general category, six people applied for Tatkal passports.\"We also reviewed progress of 124 files that were applied earlier. The applicants were asked to comply with the required guidelines to get passports at the earliest,\" passport officer Padma Mahanti said. \"To avoid last minute glitches, we have taken some advance measures so that the Haj applicants do not suffer. We would request police to expedite the verification of the applicants so that they do not miss the Haj pilgrimage,\" Mahanti added.Sources said the state's quota of sending Hajis on pilgrimage stands at 669. Selection of Haj aspirants is done by the Central Haj Committee through lottery system, sources said. \"Last date for submission of forms along with other requisite documents is April 16. Unlike in the past, only passport holders are be eligible to apply for Haj,\" executive officer of State Haj Committee, Md Ishaque said.The Central Haj Committee floats three categories of packages for the 48-day Haj pilgrimage. Each pilgrim pays nearly Rs 1.23 lakh, Rs 1.12 lakh and Rs 1.05 lakh for choosing any of the three packages, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12410227", "title": "Farmers not exempt from toll", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even though farmers have been protesting against paying toll tax for using the Yamuna Expressway, which is likely to open in the next couple of months, the Jaypee group has cleared that farmers will not be given a free run. A senior Jaypee group official said that there is no clause of giving a toll-free ride to farmers, even those whose land have been acquired to construct the Expressway.The farmers had earlier said that they wanted free access to the e-way and would soon meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard. They also threatened that they would intensify their stir if their demand is not met. However, Jaypee group officials say the demand of farmers is unsustainable. \"Giving free access to famers was neither mentioned in the MoU signed with the UP government nor is it financially viable to allow them on the Expressway without charging any toll,\" said an official.The Yamuna Expressway is a six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway corridor that will be opened once it gets the nod of the UP government. Senior officials of Jaypee said that final trials are underway and the e-way is ready to be opened to the public. \"The government is currently shuffling officials in the district. Once the newly-inducted officials settle down, the process of assessing the project will begin. The officials will visit the Expressway and a nod from the technical team. The matter will then be forwarded to the government after which the exact date of inauguration will be declared,\" the official said.The spokesman of Bhumi Adigarhan Pratirodh Andolan, Rupesh Verma, said the demand of the farmers is genuine and the government and Jaypee will have to accept it. \"After acquiring land of farmers at a meagre price, the group has developed a huge infrastructure and will earn a lot from it. The government will have to allow farmers free access on the expressway,\" Verma said.Villagers of hundreds of villages along the Yamuna Expressway support the farmers' organization. \"First we will request the newly-elected government. If it supports the developer, then we will start an agitation to demand our rights,\" Verma added.The Rs 11,000 crore Yamuna Expressway is expected to benefit an estimated 1.2 lakh commuters heading towards Agra and beyond. It will also reduce travel time between Greater Noida and Agra by 90 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408265", "title": "Three fire incidents reported from city", "text": "KANPUR: Three fire accidents were reported from different parts of the Industrial City here on Sunday. However, there was no casualty reported in all the three incidents.Fire broke out at the mobile and general merchant store of Ashish near Fazalganj depot and the flames engulfed the shop as the wooden furniture caught fire very quickly.Neighbours apprised fire personnel at Fazalganj fire station, who rushed to doused the flames but by then the photo copier machine, refrigerator and other valuables had been reduced to ashes.Meanwhile, the major portion of a tent house was gutted in Shastri Nagar in the wee hours of Sunday. Firemen from Fazalganj rushed to the spot along with a fire tender and controlled the fire. Meanwhile, a fire was reported from Dalelpurwa area of the city at a shop and damaged property worth several thousand.Firemen suspect short circuit to be cause of the fire in all the three cases. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407750", "title": "Senior clerk at DGP office arrested for con", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior clerk in the director-general of police's office was arrested for allegedly cheating his colleagues of Rs 14.5 lakh.Sunil Ankush Shirsagar (45), who was nabbed by the Colaba police from his hometown at Hadaspur in Pune on Friday, has been remanded in police custody. An official said he would be suspended soon.Shirsagar would lure his colleagues to \"invest in a money-doubling scheme through a share-brokering firm and siphon off the amounts\", the police said. The first complaint was lodged by Nandkumar Khedekar, another senior clerk. Till the end of 2011, several others lodged complaints against him, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408647", "title": "Election for PMC panel chief today", "text": "PUNE: A triangular contest is on the cards for the elections to the coveted post of the standing committee chairman of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday, with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) fielding one candidate each.The NCP has fielded Baburao Chandere, MNS has nominated Kishore Shinde and the BJP has fielded Shreenath Bhimale for the post.There are 16 members in the standing committee and the winning candidate needs to garner a minimum of seven votes. A close contest is in the offing as none of the parties have seven of their own party members in the committee. The NCP has the highest number of members, which is six. The BJP, Congress and MNS have three members each, while the Shiv Sena has one.Since the NCP and the Congress have an alliance in the PMC, the NCP could get a clear majority with nine votes. However, political observers said that the recent rift between the two parties could make the contest interesting. If the three Congress members walk out, it would be difficult for the NCP to get a clean sweep and the party would then need support of one more member, either from the BJP, MNS or Sena.In another scenario, if the saffron alliance of BJP and Sena decide to take support of MNS or the MNS takes support of the BJP and Sena, then either party's candidate could become the chairman, since their collective strength would be seven.Meanwhile, on Thursday, which was the last day for filling the nominations, five applications were received at the PMC office. One of the three candidates had filed three applications, while the two other had filed one application each.The standing committee is one of the most important civic panels with several key decisions needing its approval. The chairman of the committee has the power to cast his decisive vote in case of a tie on any issue. The post of the standing committee chairman is considered the second most important post after the mayor in the process of decision making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408561", "title": "Now, a tablet that's also a mini lab for doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Imagine a cutting edge software - a tablet computer and an Android phone rolled into one - that works as a diagnostic tool for multiple activities like conduct ECG, measure heart rate, test quality of water and also take body temperature.Swasthya Slate ( Health Tablet) - a first-of-its-kind diagnostic tool - created by a US-returned Indian biomedical engineer Kanav Kahol will not only perform all these tasks but will also test blood pressure and blood sugar on the spot.Kahol, who has worked with Nobel laureate Dr Lee Hartwell at the University of Arizona's Biodesign Institute on creating \"persuasive technology,\" said the Slate will now help Auxillary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) and Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) working in far-flung villages to diagnose diseases on the spot.Swasthya Slate is likely to be ready for operation in next three months.Kahol, who is working for the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), said, \"Earlier, we had estimated it would cost $1.8 million, and take about three years to create. However, we completed it in three months at a cost of only $11,000.\"The software verification and validation has shown that \"our readings on the software are 99.94% accurate. We can store the information on a local file which can be uploaded onto a server. A demographic system has also been developed to store the patient's detail.\"\"At present, when ANMs or ASHAs visit villages, they have to ask people to the primary health centres to get tested. Hence, they wanted something that enabled them to make decisions and deliver better quality care on the spot. The Slate will allow them to do so. Empowering them with Swasthya Slate, the on-the-spot recommendation system and guidance by physicians through the phone/videoconferencing will allow them to monitor population health and also identify high-risk cases that need immediate care,\" said Kanav, who quit as professor of biomedical engineering and informatics at the University of Arizona to work in India.The device can capture ECG data at 1,000 Hz, providing with enough information to make clinical judgements.\"Our software and hardware prototype cost is only Rs 7,000, excluding the cost of the Android device. In high volumes, the device cost will dip greatly,\" he added.Kahol said ANMs and ASHAs would have no problem in operating the user-friendly device.Over the next three months, he will create an interface for blood pressure and blood sugar machines to the device, and also incorporate diabetes and cardiovascular screening software. These features will be in addition to maternal and child care software.\"We will also be implementing software on the tablet that allows on-the-spot recommendations for care delivery. This software known as decision support system allows the user to input certain parameters and readings from the Swasthya Slate diagnostic equipment to generate recommendations for treatment of the patients under close supervision by physicians,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409002", "title": "34 more workers held for vandalizing project site", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested 34 more labourers for indulging in vandalism and arson at a construction site in the city on Friday. All the accused were sent to 14-day judicial custody after being produced in a city court. With this, the total number of arrests in the Ireo labour unrest case has gone to 57. The police have also deployed a force of 50 policemen near the incident site as a precautionary measure.\"We have arrested 57 people so far. All of them have been were sent for judicial custody. An investigation is on and we may arrest some more people in coming days. The message is loud and clear that no one can take law and order their own hands,\" said Rajpal, SHO, Badshahpur police station. Earlier, police had filed a criminal case against the contractors for not providing proper safety equipment to workers. Angered over the death of a co-worker, labourers at a construction site of L&T; and Alufit had pelted stones at private vehicles and torched a police gypsy on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408423", "title": "Firm to pay Rs 16 crore for duty evasion on aircraft", "text": "MUMBAI: In a case involving duty evasion in the import of an aircraft, the settlement commission has asked Bharat Hotels to pay Rs 16 crore towards Customs duty, interest, penalty and fine.New Delhi-headquartered Bharat Hotels Limited was founded by late Lalit Suri in 1988. The company, now headed by Jyotsna Suri, runs the InterContinental and LaLiT Mumbai in Andheri (E) among other hotels in the country, its website said.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Mumbai, had alleged that the company imported an aircraft, Embraer Legacy 600 EMB, for charter services in July 2009 without paying Customs duty. The aircraft was purchased for Rs 120 crore. DRI's case was that the company registered the aircraft in the US but operated from India without paying duty. Foreign registered aircraft brought into the country are chargeable to duty if it does not fulfill some conditions (see box).DRI said since July 2009, the aircraft was stationed at New Delhi and used by the company for undertaking private flights to both domestic and international destinations. Officials said that the aircraft, at the time of import in 2009, also did not fulfill the Civil Aviation Requirement for registration. DRI also dismissed the company's statement that it intended to take the aircraft back. It said the company wanted to register in India but did not happen because of some technical requirements.The company told the commission that it believed that there was no duty payable considering that they intended to take back the aircraft. It said permission to retain the aircraft for more than 14 days was obtained from time to time from Civil Aviation Ministry. The company said there was no deliberate plan to evade Customs duty but many factors, especially non-availability of DGCA clearance, led to the violations.The commission did not impose a penalty on Jyotsna Suri and senior vice-president (finance) Arvind Sachdev, saying it did not find any evidence to suggest that they acted according to some premeditated plan to violate import restriction or evade Customs duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12408577", "title": "Jewellers rally against Union budget proposal to hike taxes", "text": "NASHIK: Hundreds of jewellers from across the district took out a protest rally in the city on Sunday to protest against Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's proposal to impose fresh taxes in the budget recently.Around 700 jewellers participated in the rally which began at Saraf Bazaar, proceeded via Main Road, Gadge Maharaj statue, Shalimar, CBS, Meher Point and Raviwar Peth and concluded at the starting point.Jewellery shops across Nashik had gone on a three-day strike from Saturday to support a nationwide protest called by the All-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGJTF) and Mumbai Wholesale Gold Jewellers' Association (MWGJA). The Nashik jewellers had also begun a four-day strike on March 17, but withdrew it on March 20 after Mukherjee assured an AIGJTF delegation that he would take a positive decision but did not. They again went on three-day strike from Saturday.Saraf Bazaar, a major jewellery market in the city, wore a deserted look as shops remained closed on Sunday. There are around 450 jewellery shops across the city.The strike called by the association received a 100% response, affecting business transactions worth crores. The tax increase will mean an additional burden of Rs 1.40 lakh per kg gold jewellery for consumers, a jeweller said.Mukherjee, in his budget presented on March 16, had proposed a 2% increase in import duty and excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery, and doubled customs duty on standard gold from 2% to 4%.Gold has always been a high-value product and the sale of jewellery has been declining due to high costs. At this juncture, the imposition of the taxes will not only increase costs, but will also affect business, jewellers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409410", "title": "Iranian bomber engaged escorts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators probing the Israeli embassy car bombing are on the lookout for women escorts engaged by Iranian bomber Houshang Afshar Irani during his visits to the capital this year .Sources in Delhi Police said they were also on the lookout for the person, who helped him engage the escorts. Police want to know more about Irani by interrogating them even as they believe the women were not involved in the plot.Irani, accused of carrying out the attack on Israeli diplomat Tal Yahoshua Koren on Aurangzeb Road, had met a person in central Delhi after procuring his phone number from an advertisement in a newspaper, which claimed to provide escorts.Police got a lead in the case from the staff of a hotel in central Delhi. Call details of the accused also corroborated what the hotel staff told cops. An Interpol Red Corner notice has been issued against Irani.Besides Irani, Delhi Police secured Interpol warrants of arrest against Seyed Ali Mahdiansar, 50, Abolghashemi Mohammad Reza, 50, and Masoud Sedaghat Zadeh, the alleged mastermind, who has been held in Malaysia.Delhi Police has already arrested Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, a journalist, for his alleged role in providing logistics in carrying out the attack. The matter has come to light a day after the special cell of Delhi Police told a Delhi court that Kazmi was not required for further interrogation and more information would be gathered only after the arrest of other accused. Kazmi has been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12410012", "title": "How Titanic went down: 100 yrs on, survivor\u2019s tale set to be told", "text": "LONDON: A rare first-hand account of the mayhem during the sinking of the Titanic will be published next month to mark the centennial of the catastrophe. The dramatic firsthand account of Jack Thayer, a 17-year-old survivor of of the Titanic has been lying almost forgotten for decades.It was the desperate cries for help that haunted John \"Jack\" Thayer after he witnessed the death throes of the Titanic as it reared, roared and plunged into the North Atlantic, the Daily Telegraph reported. The shouts from those thrown into the icy water swelled into \"one long continuous wailing chant\", noted the teenage son of an American railway baron in his account of the tragedy. \"It sounded like locusts on a midsummer night in the woods. This terrible cry lasted for twenty or thirty minutes, gradually dying away, as one after another could no longer withstand the cold and exposure,\" his account says. From his vantage point, clinging to an upturned lifeboat, Jack watched the unthinkable befall what was supposed to be the unsinkable. All the more poignant was that his father, also called John Thayer, was among the 1,514 who perished in the seas in the early hours of April 15, 1912.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413565", "title": "It was eyes and ears opening experience: Storm", "text": "New York based award winning sound/mixing engineer, Carlos 'Storm' Martinez speaks about his experience as the post-production supervisor on the highly praised &amp; internationally acclaimed film Life! Camera Action... produced &amp; directed by Rohit Gupta...'Storm' as many know him is 10 times Grammy nominated and a Grammy award winning sound/recording engineer and mixer. His role as the sound engineer in the film 'God of Love' won the Best Live Action Short at the Oscars 2011. He has worked with the legends in the industry for many years including Justin Timberlake, Patti Labelle , Jill Scott , Roots to name a few from a vast list. His work won Justin Timberlake the Best Male POP &amp; Best POP performance at the 2004 Grammy; Patti Labelle, 2005 Grammy nomination for the Best Traditional R&B; Vocal Performer; The Roots, 2004 Grammy nomination for the Best Rap Album &amp; Jill Scott, 2001 Grammy nomination for the Best R&B; Album.How did this transition from music to movies happened?Movie transition happened accidentally when I moved to NYC. The scene died in Philadelphia so I needed to move somewhere I could work and support family and myself. Once I got to NYC I answered a Craigslist ad for some needing a short film mixed. I thought, \"If I can mix a record, I can mix a film.\" After getting the project files from the producer, I erased everything they had in there and did all of the sound again. After hearing everything they told me I was the sound designer as well! As a music engineer, we read the manuals to all of the latest effects boxes so that we can manipulate sound in any way possible, the problem is that most musicians don't want their sounds manipulated that much but in film world where someone hands you a dream sequence that's silent and say \"bring this to life\" I get to have real fun with noise tweaking.How was the Oscars experience?Surreal. I decided a few years ago that if I could succeed in the music business then I could do the same in the film industry. I was surprised (to say the least) that a film I worked on would win an Oscar before I reached the \"Hollywood\" level of films but I'm not complaining. Just looking forward to what comes down the road next.What was the Grammy experience like?Long journey. I went from dancing for rap groups, to hanging in demo studios, to working at a world-class facility, to engineering a winning album/record. I never really planned on being a recording engineer, It just happened more or less.You have worked on several records/films, how was the experience working as the post-production supervisor on Life! Camera Action... a movie not your native language?Really eyes and ears opening experience! If you watch the film there are probably two scenes that have location audio. 85% of the film is dubbed! ADR, foley, sound design ambiences were all added after the fact. It was a pretty big job considering my crew at the time was 4 people. This really show's what a small group of focused people can do when they need to. The 2nd language was a lot in the beginning but after a few meeting and lots of phone calls with Rohit I got to really know the characters and what each scene was trying to express. Once I understood that the language thing wasn't that big of a deal. During ADR it came back again because I really needed help from Rohit and Ravi-checking sync, making sure pronunciation was correct. The fact that we dubbed everything actually turned out to be a plus since we didn't have to worry about anything matching original lines because there weren't any. Plus I learned some Hindi/Punjabi words and I know the hand sign for \"Restroom please.\" (laughs).What did the post-production process entail?Color correction on the one hand, audio on the other. Score on the other. Keeping everyone on the same page so that deadlines were manageable and realistic. This was a pretty small group of people doing a lot of things, all at the same time. Sean was doing color at post works and a set schedule so that we could time the end of sound and score together and be ready for mixing against the color corrected picture. This also meant that everything (ADR, Foley, etc.) could have no hiccups without knocking everything off track. Add to that we had actors based in various locations who all had multiple scenes to do. We (Rohit, Ravi and myself) were in sync all the time and knew where we are headed.The dubbing with over 15 actors was completed in a record 4 days. What's your secret?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407657", "title": "Small is beautiful: Tiny nations woo Indians", "text": "MUMBAI: They may not be on a regular traveller's map. Many of them may not be even known as tourist destinations. But small countries, even cities, are now going all out to attract Indian tourists. So, while the UK, USA and big European nations continue to corner a hefty share of tourists from India, countries like Croatia, Fiji, Trinidad &amp; Tobago and Uzbekistan are using regular promotions and campaigns to catch the desi traveller's eye.Travel experts say that these little-known places are gradually being explored by those who have already been to major holiday destinations and are now looking for new locales. Last week, Japan held a three-day open air campaign at a local mall to showcase the country for travellers and tour operators. The country, primarily a business destination for Indians, is now trying to get more Indians tourists. All Nippon, a Japanese carrier, is offering a return ticket for almost half the usual rate. Far-flung places like Peru, Argentina, Slovenia and Jordan have also been holding regular promotions in the past three years. Iraqi Airways, which had stopped operating from Mumbai two decades ago, will resume direct flights from the city in October.\"These places are lesser-known and do not often come to a regular tourist's mind. However, they are also very exotic retreats and although expensive, make for good destinations for the more adventurous or experimental traveller,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels. Also, Indians are warming up to offbeat destinations. While Croatia, a central European country, started promoting tourism last year, Oman, Jordan and Trinidad &amp; Tobago have started hard selling themselves recently.Travel industry officials said that these countries have not yet set up tourism boards in India due to the relatively light demand. \"However, many destination management companies from these places approach travel agents with presentations to promote them,\" said Pradip Lulla, director, Cupid Travels. Industry observers point out that many cities and resorts too do individual promotions for travellers.\"In a few years, we expect a rise in the number of Indians travelling to more unexplored places. New destinations are making themselves visible. We can expect more airlines connecting these places for Indians once more people start flying,\" said a Fort-based travel agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "junagadh", "code": "12410162", "title": "Blood flows and happily so", "text": "JUNAGADH: Charmi Jagani, a class IX student, was surprised to know that her haemoglobin level now stood at 12, up from nine three months ago. \"Ever since I started taking iron, vitamin B12, and folic acid tablets, my haemoglobin level has gone up to 12. I feel very fresh and healthy now,\" Charmi said.Charmi was among the 1574 girl students who were given iron, vitamin B12 and folic acid tablets in Junagadh at a hostel managed by Patel Kelvani Mandal. The tablets were distributed to the girls as a part of 'Anaemia Hatao' pilot project launched by Dr. Bhanji Kundaria, an oncologist based in California, USA. Dr Kundaria is a native of Khambhla village in Saurashtra. He seeks to create awareness among the people in Saurashtra about anaemia.\"Of the 1574 girl students examined for their haemoglobin level, we had found that 75% of them were anaemic in spite of nutritious food and prophylactic ferrous sulphate tablet consumption twice a week by them. We decided to give them iron, vitamin B12 and folic acid tablets every evening, prior to dinner, under supervized conditions. For girls who had haemoglobin of less than 12, we administered abandazole deworming tablet, and after a week, began the treatment,'' said Dr. J N Jasani, chairman, health committee, 'Anaemia Hatao' project.\"After three months, the results that we got are spectacular and exceed our expectations. From a haemoglobin level of 10 in these girls, it was now 12 and with some having more than 15. The average heamoglobin level in the girls has gone from less than 10 to 13.24,'' Dr Kundaria told TOI from US.Dr Kundaria was in Saurashtra last month and had travelled across the region.\"People, who run educational institutions in the region, were invited on Sunday in an attempt to seek their support in the campaign to fight anaemia in girls. We plan to reach out to as many people as possible to bring out the women from anemia's grip,'' said Mohanlal Patel, president, Patel Kelvani Mandal, Junagadh.\"As many as 10 boarding schools, mostly of girls, will adopt this model from the next academic year. We aim to cover over 10,000 girls' under the project,\" he said.\"Haemoglobin is very important for carrying oxygen to your lungs, heart , brain, kidneys, and other vital organs in the body. If you have high haemoglobin level, you have more energy and can be competitive in sports , studies and in all aspects of life,'' said Kundaria.Interestingly, the entire project just cost Rs 1.50 lakh. \"More than the money, it is awareness which is needed to fight the problem of anaemia among girls,\" Jasani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12409023", "title": "Officials shy away from revenue hike plans", "text": "KOLKATA: A hike in the railway fare has not only cost railway minister Dinesh Trivedi his job, but also sent ripples across the state departments. Now, officials in the Mamata Banerjee government shy away from placing proposals of raising revenues.West Bengal's resident commissioner in Delhi, Bhaskar Khulbe, had proposed a two to three times hike in the revenue from Delhi's Banga Bhawan some months ago, where the maximum room rent per head still continues to be Rs 350 only. But the state PWD is sitting on the proposal and PWD minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar has not even sent the same to the chief minister's office (CMO). \"There is no decision yet to send the proposal to the CMO, while it is more or less unanimously agreed that it is high time to raise the rent,\" said an official.In Delhi's Banga Bhawan - located in the upmarket Hailey Road near the airport and railway station - the minimum room rent for VVIPs is Rs 40. The maximum room rent at Banga Bhawan for ordinary people (neither VIPs nor those working in government offices) is Rs 350 per day per room. The new Banga Bhawan is at Circular Road and the rent of rooms is same.Now, compare this with other state government accommodations in New Delhi, where the rates are much higher despite being subsidized. At Maharashtra Sadan in New Delhi, ordinary people need to shell out Rs 1,500 per day per room. For VIPs, it is between Rs 50 to Rs 400 per day. At Gujarat Bhawan in New Delhi, the rate is Rs 850 for a double bed room for ordinary citizens and the rate is the same for state employees and VIPs. In both the cases, the rooms are meant for only VIPs and the state employees but ordinary people can get accommodation on recommendations from those entitled for the rooms.It may be noted that the Bengal government is running into huge losses for not raising the rent of Banga Bhawan. The earnings through revenues of Banga Bhawan is a meagre Rs 45 lakh per year. However, a whopping Rs 1.10 crore is spent only on electricity and water charges. The combined security, electrical and civil expenditure of Rs 3 crore takes the total expenses to a staggering Rs 4.10 crore, while the earning from revenues is not even a third of it.According to officials, several factors were considered before proposing the rent hike. Room rent in the adjoining areas of Banga Bhawan is as high Rs 10,000 per day. The room rent at Banga Bhawan can easily be raised by two to three times. But for years it has remained the same, even though several facilities were added in recent times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409976", "title": "Disclose TA, DA claims of MLAs, CIC to Speaker", "text": "BHOPAL: An order issued by the chief information commissioner of Madhya Pradesh , barely an hour before his retirement, has put the Vidhan Sabha in a fix. The CIC \"requested\" the speaker to issue orders to make public the travelling expenses of MLAs, uploading it on the Assembly website.The CIC was to retire on March 25, and had signed the order barely an hour before the last working day before he would step down- on March 22 . The three subsequent days were government holidays.This issue had been hanging fire for about 2 years now. In March 2010, the Vidhan Sabha secretariat had refused to provide information to an RTI applicant who sought details of the TA and DA claimed by legislators. The applicant, Ravindra Jain, had subsequently appealed to the CIC.The speaker had denied the information saying it would be a breach of privilege of the MLAs, while the CIC disagreed.Jain claimed to TOI that he sought the information to pin down alleged irregularities.Asked why he had made this recommendation to the speaker on the verge of retirement, the CIC, PP Tewari claimed it took tyime to study the issue. \" I wanted to study the issue of privilege. However, this is not codified anywhere and I could not perform my job\", said Tewari, who was earlier at loggerheads with the Lokayukta, since he wanted the Ombudsman's office to come under RTI.The CIC's order said : \"The commitment and conduct of all the public servants should be beyond any doubt. And, this becomes even more important as the issue is related to the people's representatives.\"The speaker however said he had no idea about the CIC's recommendation. \"I am now in Jabalpur. I did hear about it (the recommendation), but let me first return to Bhopal on Monday\", he told TOI.The CIC's order said : \"The commitment and conduct of all the public servants should be beyond any doubt. And, this becomes even more important as the issue is related to the people's representatives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409622", "title": "Sunday protest offers chance to learn and have fun", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tricolours, Anna caps and patriotic songs - the daylong protest for whistleblowers by Anna Hazare at Jantar Mantar had all its usual ingredients. The venue was almost full before the 74-year-old anti-corruption crusader emerged on the dais with his close aides at 11.15am, shouting 'Vande Mataram, Bharat Mata ki Jai and Inquilab Zindabad'.In the morning, Hazare went to Rajghat with his supporters, including Justice Santosh Hegde, Shanti Bhushan, Arvind Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi and Manish Sisodia, before heading for Jantar Mantar.By the evening, the venue had over 4,000 supporters but the character of this crowd was slightly different from those at his previous fasts - the participation of the upper middle class was lower while the major chunk of the crowd comprised core supporters from Delhi-NCR. A group from Rae Bareli, the Lok Sabha constituency of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, had also come over.For many, the Sunday protest also provided with the perfect opportunity for a family outing that was not only educational but also provided them with a chance to participate in a movement aimed at creating social change. \"I am here with my son because I want him to see first hand how people are fighting for the rights of common people,\" said Nidhi Tiwari, a publisher who works in Delhi. With MCD elections round the corner, smaller parties like the Lok Satta Party (LSP) could be seen using the platform to garner support, claiming they were against corruption and supported Anna's cause.Various groups and individuals that had already been protesting at Jantar Mantar for a variety of issues benefitted greatly from the extra publicity due to the high-profile protest. \"We have been protesting at Jantar Mantar for almost a week now but this is the first time that people have come to us and asked us about why we are protesting. All the problems in the country are linked to corruption and, hence, we support Anna,\" said Ramesh Chaturvedi, a member of the Nyaypalika Arakshan Andolan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408244", "title": "Frequent power cuts bring city to a halt", "text": "KANPUR: The frequent power cuts taking place in Shanti Nagar and Cantt have started causing a great deal of inconvenience. On Sunday evening, locals had to witness power cuts at very short intervals. The situation was so bad that everytime they thought electricity was restored and they switched on their TV, it would go again.Fazal Farooqui, a resident of the Shanti Nagar, informed that he was tired of switching on and switching off his genset following power cuts. Sandesh Gupta, another local, said it was just the start of summer and the situation could worsen in days to come if one went by the present indications.Gupta was annoyed with the fact that cities like Etawah, Mainpuri and Rampur had been declared rostering free, while Kanpur was facing step-motherly treatment. \"This is a big industrial town and therefore there should be no power cuts. Our new chief minister should get the needful done and ensure that Kanpur does not get step-motherly treatment,\" said Gupta.Naveen Srivastava, a resident of Khapra Mohal, said Kesco should make sure that there was no rostering during the evening hours as Board exams of class X and XII students were going on. He said Kesco should attend to snags promptly and mend them.Meanwhile, Sunday morning rostering was not done on its routine timing of 1 pm. Instead the rostering was done from 9.30 am till 12.30 pm. The affected areas were Yashoda Nagar, Shankarcharya Nagar, Basant Vihar etc. City traders also condemned Kesco's decision of continuing rostering at the industrial units from 6 pm to 10 pm. They claimed it was causing losses.Recently, the Kesco had exempted the city from rostering between 6 pm to 10 pm on the instructions of Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, keeping in view the board exams of class X and XII. But, at the same time, the industrial units had to face rostering during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408240", "title": "ROB construction: Traffic remains restricted at COD Crossing", "text": "KANPUR: The busy COD Crossing remained closed on Sunday for the removal of large and heavy iron bars from the railway overbridge (ROB) being constructed there. The traffic diversions remained in place from 8 am to 5 pm.The commuters had to take a longer route to reach their destination.The traffic largely remained diverted through Sujatganj. Heavy vehicles like roadways buses and the trucks too had to take longer route, but the worst hit were daily commuters.Meanwhile, the ROB is being constructed at COD Crossing which would facilitate smooth traffic movement through the crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409564", "title": "4 booked for road rage", "text": "Police on Saturday arrested four men in a case of road rage. The accused allegedly attacked a young couple, beating up the man and misbehaving with his fiance on the Panchkula-Morni road. The accused have been identified as Sonu, Anurag, Ritesh and Gaurav, all residents of Nirwana. Police said all of them were drunk when they were arrested. Ginni, a resident of Chandigarh, and his fiance were on their way to Morni hills in their car when the incident occurred.Ginni had an argument with accused about overtaking at which the accused chased the couple and blocked their way. They dragged Ginni out of his car and beat him with hockey sticks. They also misbehaved with his fiance, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409445", "title": "Jhilmil residents claim Congress candidate offered them bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within hours of the Congress declaring its list of candidates for the MCD elections, there were reports of eager first-timer Bharat Anand from the Jhilmil ward distributing \"gifts\" to the residents. The locals claimed Anand was accompanied by senior Congress leaders while giving out the largesse. Not surprisingly, the Congress candidate denied the allegations. A complaint has been filed at the Vivek Vihar police station by Manish Pal Singh, a resident, said police.Singh said, \"I could see women coming out of the temple with a bag containing a sari and a box of sweets. I came to know that the Congress candidate from Jhilmil is distributing the gifts.\" Pushpa Singh who was gifted a pink sari added, \"The women of the colony were asked to gather at the Shiv Mandir at 1pm. A gift, along with Rs 500, was given to me. We were exhorted to vote for the Congress candidate on April 15.\"\"A preliminary report will be forwarded to the returning officer of the area,\" said a senior police officer. Returning officer Vivek Kumar Tripathi told TOI that he knew about the complaint. He added, \"An assistant returning official has been asked to submit a report as well.\"His rival from the BJP and sitting councillor, Jitender Singh Shunty, added, \"It's a violation of the model code of conduct and strict action should be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12413081", "title": "Allahabad University to start integrated MTech in earth system sciences from this session", "text": "Allahabad: The Allahabad University would start an MTech programme in earth system sciences from the coming academic session.Informing about the programme which will be the first-of-its-kind in the country, head of the department Avinash Chandra Pandey said that atmospheric and ocean science is an emerging interdisciplinary branch of science which has a direct societal impact. Keeping this in mind and due to a great demand for improved knowledge of atmospheric and ocean sciences, climate change, Indian monsoon and weather prediction in research and development, the AU has decided to start this integrated post graduate doctoral degree programme in earth system sciences from the coming academic session.So far, students completing their masters in traditional science subjects like physics and mathematics used to have subject-specific job profiles, whereas this course eliminates this discrimination and attempts to create scientists with interdisciplinary blended skills, said the HoD. The credit-based four semester integrated MTech programme shall be a value addition to the other master degree programmes as it will provide better job opportunities to the successful candidates.The students, 15 for the starting batch, will get an in-depth training, especially in topics related to mathematical modelling of atmosphere and ocean. The integrated MTech programme with lateral entry and exit options shall cater to the emergent needs of manpower training and capacity building in earth system sciences. The programme will fulfil the requirements of UGC guidelines for PhD, he said.For admission to this programme, the applicant must have a master's degree in physical sciences/mathematical sciences/chemical sciences/life sciences/geosciences/any cognate discipline or a BTech/BE with marks/CPI not below 55% marks/5.5 (on a 10 point scale) (50% for SC/ST candidates) for appearing in the entrance exam. Preference shall be given to the applicants who have a valid GATE score or have cleared UGC-CSIR (JRF) NET.The candidates working in research and development organisations of government of India on permanent basis in cognate disciplines shall have the opportunity of securing direct admission in the course, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409428", "title": "CISF officer shoots self at IGI, survives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed at the Indira Gandhi International airport on Sunday evening after a CISF personnel tried to shoot himself with his service pistol. The victim, Moolchand, is an assistant sub-inspector with the Central Industrial Security Forces and is currently undergoing treatment at Safdurjung Hospital.Police have not been able to ascertain the motive behind his attempt. However, cops suspect that Moolchand could have been in depression as he had returned from his house on Saturday after a month long leave.\"The incident was reported from T3 at around 4:30pm. People heard a gunshot and found the victim, a native of Ghazipur in UP, lying in a pool of blood. The victim had shot himself in the neck,\" said a senior cop.Deputy commissioner of police (IGIA) RA Sanjeev confirmed the incident. Moolchand was reportedly on a medical leave for the last 45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407656", "title": "HC: Church of South India is a company", "text": "CHENNAI: The Church of South India (CSI) is a company registered under the Companies Act and hence it has to submit its account books to the Registrar of Companies (RoC) for inspection, the Madras high court has ruled. The CSI had been registered as a company in 1947-48.Justice S Rajeswaran, passing an order to this effect recently, said it was not fair on the CSI's part to have gone before RoC seeking an extension and then question the registrar's powers to inspect CSI affairs in the high court.The case started with a complaint lodged with the RoC by a CSI member, John S Durai of Mylapore. He had claimed that the CSI was misusing the foreign exchange account, which witnessed a huge inflow of money. Durai also filed a writ petition for a direction to the registrar to inspect the CSI accounts. On February 2, 2011, the HC had directed the registrar to look into the complaints. Based on the court directive, the registrar conducted a preliminary inquiry. On realising that there was substance in the allegations, he wrote to the Centre and obtained permission to hold a detailed probe into the CSI affairs as per Section 209A of the Companies Act.Accordingly, the registrar issued a showcause notice to the CSI Trust Association on August 30, 2011, stating that the inspection would begin on September 12, 2011, and that the authorities should keep the accounts books ready for the exercise. In response, the CSI authorities appeared before the registrar with a request that the audit start a week later on September 19, 2011.Simultaneously, the CSI moved the HC against the showcause notice and it was stayed on September 16, 2011. While the RoC was arrayed as a respondent, Durai himself got himself impleaded as part of the proceedings.In his counter-affidavit, Durai informed the court that CSI was a \"habitual defaulter in filing the statutory returns in time, and also not in the habit of replying to the genuine queries raised by the registrar regarding complaints received against the CSI\". He also said the court order was the basis for the present inspection.Concurring with his submissions, Justice Rajeswaran vacated the stay on inspection and said the CSI was indeed a company registered under the Companies Act. Pointing out that besides the court direction, the registrar had conducted a preliminary inquiry and obtained a nod from the Centre before issuing the showcause notice, the judge said: \"Only after getting clearance from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs the impugned action has been taken under the provision of law...The contention of the CSI counsel is of no merits and the proceedings cannot be questioned at all by the CSI Trust Association.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412535", "title": "Sam loses her bag!", "text": "Actress Samantha Prabhu was happy to be on a perfect trip, but we learn that it's turned out to be quite an unhappy one. Elated after receiving the Nandi Awards recently for the film &quot;Ye Maya Chesave&quot;, Sam was headed for a trip. And it all seemed fine till Sam discovered that her bags were lost!The actress blames Qatar Airways for all the unnecessary trouble that has upset her so much. A disappointed Sam says, \"Qatar Airways...you ruined my almost perfect trip...bags lost in transit...not at all happy...\"Sam had been busy shooting for Nandini Reddy's and Gautham Menon's films. And after receiving the special jury award, she was on cloud nine, thanking everyone who sent her congratulatory wishes. A relaxing trip was something she had been waiting for. But losing her bags has put the actress in a foul mood. Let's hope the rest of her trip remains perfect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414660", "title": "Lip job is not my cup of tea: Neetu Chandra", "text": "A lot seems to be happening in Neetu Chandra's life. The Yaavarum Nalam actress was in Chennai recently to perform at an awards function.While she will soon be resuming shoot on Aadhi Bhagavan, she has been getting rave reviews for her performance in the Telugu dub of her Theeratha Vilayattu Pillai (also starring Vishal, Tanushree Dutta and Sarah Jane Dias). We hear the actress is all set to sign two Hindi films with top production banners.Meanwhile, a lot seems to be happening on her personal front as well. She was under the scanner for sporting a lissom, full lip, giving rise to speculation that she's undergone a lip enhancement surgery.She laughs off the rumour, saying, \"I haven't been attending many public events in the recent past. So, people have forgotten I've full lips. The dark red lip gloss has only accentuated my lips. Going under the knife is not my cup of tea.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "12408745", "title": "Kids charm their families", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Fun Club school in Gurdev Nagar organized a cultural event on the theme of Family on Saturday evening. Children dressed as gods, politicians and magicians charmed their parents and grandparents.The programme started with a child dressed up as Ganesha performing a prayer dance. Next, tiny tots between 1 and 2 years old danced on numbers from Taare Zameen Par and Old McDonald. A guessing game was organized for mothers in which they had to figure out the right rhyme.Director of the club Shweta Khosla said their functions theme was to emphasize the importance of family as it is where a child learns the meaning of cooperation and loyalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12408459", "title": "VMC clears proposal for new traffic signals", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has cleared a proposal for installing traffic signals at 16 road junctions in the city even as there is no clarity regarding the payments due to it from the city police for the signals installed earlier. The standing committee of the civic body cleared the proposal for the new light that also mentions that half of the cost of the lights will be borne by the traffic department of the city police.The issue of payments for installing traffic signals and doing related work has been embroiled in a controversy after the VMC recently sent a missive regarding past bills that were pending. At the other end, the city police had expressed helplessness stating that presently it did not have any funds or budget for such payments. The standing committee of the civic body on Friday took up a proposal for installing the 16 traffic signals at a cost of Rs 1.74 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409978", "title": "Insure your wedding", "text": "In a new trend, an increasing number of people are buying wedding insurance and are customising it to their needs. Aaditi Isaac reportsTo ensure that weddings, which involve substantial investments, are protected against mishaps, the idea of insuring weddings is becoming increasingly popular in India.\"India has about 10 million weddings every year with an average spend of about a million rs each. Compared to the number, the penetration of marriage insurance is negligible. General insurance companies are looking at wedding insurance as a business opportunity as this segment is untapped. Wedding ceremonies like mehendi, sangeet, cocktail party and the wedding reception, which are associated with wedding, can be tailored according to one's requirements. One needs to first decide which functions need to be insured before buying the insurance,\" says Sanjay Datta, head, underwriting and claims, ICICI Lombard GIC Ltd.So what does a wedding insurance cover? From cancellation or postponement of the wedding ceremony due to fire, natural calamities, riot and strike; non appearance of bride, groom and other family members, to accidental death, personal injury - either temporary or permanent - and illness resulting in hospitalisation, are all covered. \"In case of cancellation or postponement , the wedding insurance will pay the non refundable expenses like cost of printing of cards, advances paid for booking the venue,etc,\" says Datta.The insurance also covers physical loss/damage caused to property like decoration material, shamiana, hired sets, jewellery, precious metals and stones; damage to gifts received during the wedding due to fire, natural calamities, riot, strike, burglary and theft. \"The bride, groom, family members and guests can also be covered for accidental death, permanent partial disablement etc on named basis under the wedding insurance ,\" he explains. A wedding policy can be taken up to three days before the wedding though ideally, one should take the policy 15 days before the wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409469", "title": "Quota politics: Kin get into Congress list", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the 50% reservation rule coming into effect, many sitting Congress councillors who lost their seats, as well as other political heavyweights, have succeeded in securing tickets for their kith and kin. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra has taken the lead in this. He has managed to get two tickets for his niece and sitting councillor from Dabri Tilotama Chaudhary and sister-in-law Vimla Devi.MLA Dayanand Chandelia secured tickets for his son Meghraj and daughter-in-law Meenakshi for the Vishnu Garden and Khyala wards. He fought hard to keep out Mahabal Mishra'a chosen candidates there. Ex-councillor Jitender Kochar has managed to get a ticket for his wife Nutan Kochar from village Hauz Rani.In majority of the cases, the part has given tickets to family members of sitting councillors who were displaced due to 50% reservation. With wards like Gandhi Nagar (234), Kalkaji (96), Inder Lok Colony (74) and Rampura (62) reserved for women, the Congress has given tickets to wives of sitting councillors. Kalkaji's sitting councillor Khavinder Singh Captain's wife Narender Kaur Captain will be contesting from the ward. \"My wife is the general secretary of the women's wing of the west zone,'' said Khavinder Singh.Though the Congress had initially claimed that \"committed party workers\" will be given preference over family members of sitting councillors, the final list has a different story to tell. In Bazar Sita Ram ward, sitting councillor Mehmood Zia's sister has been given a ticket. Likewise, sitting councillor from Okhla, Jamaluddin's wife, Samira Begum, has been given a ticket. Party sources say this has been due to poor representation of Muslim women in the party cadre.(With inputs from Maria Akram)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407848", "title": "Nepal becoming hub of counterfeiters: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: Many of the fake Indian passports seized in the recent past had been found to be made in Nepal, said police officers.According to cops, several places have emerged as hubs of bogus passports. Uttar Pradesh is one of them, Mumbai is another. And, worryingly, so is Nepal. \"There are different channels and sources through which criminals and gangsters procure fake passports. Nepal is one such source where travel agents are helping criminals get counterfeit passports easily. There are several places in India too.\"Roy said that police alertness in tracking down fake passports and those involved in selling them has helped in keeping the documents' numbers under check.For some years now, there has been a fear among Indian intelligence agencies that Nepal may be used surreptitiously by underworld and terrorist groups as a base to target India.Con jobDongri and Pydhonie are among the places in Mumbai where fake passports are created, police officers sayAgents can charge Rs 15,000 or more for a counterfeit passportTo create a bogus passport, cops say, agents first procure blank passport books from the passport office by bribing officials there. The major weakness of these passports is that, since the passport number on them is not listed on the database, they can be identified with a simple checkReading listAt least at Mumbai and Delhi airports, the immigration department is equipped with computers that can access a database that contains images of every passport issuedThe computers are connected to UV-ray machines, which read passport handed by travellers and are able to detect the smallest of changes, including alterations in the photograph, the passport holder's name, visa stamping and passport stampingCrime recordAfter gangster Santosh Shetty was deported to India from Thailand in August last year, the Mumbai police's crime branch contacted the passport authorities and the police in Kolkata and Bangalore to investigate how he had managed to procure fake passports from there. One of the passports held by the don was in the name of Nicholas Sharma and had been issued in Kolkata while another was in the name of Nick Sharma and had been issued in Bangalore. Although there are 12 offences registered against Shetty in Mumbai, he was initially arrested for travelling on a fake Indian passportGangster Abu Salem and girlfriend Monica Bedi, who were extradited from Portugal to India in November 2005, too had bogus Indian passports. CBI sources say the gangster had three Indian and one Pakistani passports, while Bedi had two Indian passports-all of which had been acquired using false information. Salem got his three passports while he was at large in the Middle East and Europe. They were in the name of Akil Ahmed Azmi from Lucknow, Danish Baig from Bhopal and Ramin Malik from Hyderabad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12410238", "title": "Woman murdered by husband\u2019s friend in Navsari", "text": "SURAT: Mysterious death of a young woman rocked the sleepy Navsari town on Saturday.The woman was identified as Shweta Panchal, 26, who was aspiring to go to the UK for further studies with her photographer husband Anukur. Her body was recovered from a railway crossing near Hansapor village on the outskirts of the town.Police identified the suspect as Govind Asudani, friend of victim's husband, who killed Shweta. Asudani is absconding after the murder.The woman was identified from the books and identity card recovered from a plastic bag found near the body. Police found strangulation mark on neck of the woman who is believed to have been strangulated with hands.Earlier on Friday evening, Shweta had gone to English coaching classes in Golvad area of the town along with her sister-in-law but did not return home on time. Worried family members inquired at the classes after an hour of her regular time of returning home. Staffers at the class informed them that she left the classes on her regular time at 8 pm.The family desperately started searching for her in nearby areas and checked at all possible locations but failed to find her. Later, they lodged a missing complaint with the police. Before police could search, her body was found by locals in Hansapor village.Ankur then informed police that his wife was last seen by those who knew her, with Asudani on Friday evening after which she went missing. Ankur had contacted Asudani for help to find Shweta.Initially, Asudani acted as if he was helping him but he also disappeared suddenly.Police are now collecting details about those who were in regular touch with Shweta.Police believe that Asudani was in touch with Shweta since January and both had developed friendship. She had gone to UK with her husband Ankur and returned in January. The couple was preparing to go to UK again on student visas. Shweta had started going to English coaching classes to prepare for her UK stay.\"We are collecting details about Shweta and her relations with suspects in the case. The post mortem revealed that she was strangulated and there is no mention of sexual abuse in the report,\" said M R Chavda, police inspector, Jalalpore police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12407909", "title": "A driven cop brings thief to justice after 36 years", "text": "NAGPUR: A 58-year-old hardened criminal, with more than 75 crimes registered against him, including 52 at Lakadganj police station, was netted after 36 years on Saturday. Manohar Zangre, alias Manya, was netted from Bhandara by a Lakadganj police team. Apart from the city, Zangre has serious offences against him at Gondia, Bhandara, and Balaghat.Zangre's criminal record began in 1977, when he developed a unique modus operandi. He maintains more than a dozen aliases to dodge the police. He also pays surety but never appears before the court thereafter. Zangre has also survived by changing his addresses.A gang of 35 persons worked for Zangre, who usually targeted gold. Police said Zangre would commit offences in the city and sneak out to nearby districts. Apart from Lakadganj, there were offences against Zangre registered at Pachpaoli and Jaripatka too.Zangre was nabbed by head constable Suresh Shingote, who served warrants and summons for Lakadganj police. Shingote has earned accolades for his ability to nab culprits absconding for decades. In 2009, Shingote had executed 223 'pakad' warrants, presenting the accused before the court. In 2010, Shingote had executed 351 and in 2011 another 251 such warrants. Shingote, whose feat was highlighted in TOI in 2010, has also served summons and warrants in jail too.Police inspector Pravin More of Lakadganj police station said the head constable had laid a trap for 48 hours before pinning down the notorious criminal. \"Zangre had managed to confuse the police by identifying himself as Ashok in the rural districts and operating as Manya in the city. Our team had to verify from various sources before coming to a conclusion that Ashok was Manya,\" said More. He added that Zangre was an expert on the topography of the places he operated from.Zangre had portrayed himself as a small time liquor vendor in Bela village of Bhandara. The police team spotted Zangre enjoying a game of gambling in front of his house in Bhandara. \"Police befriended Zangre before trapping him,\" said the PI. He added that Zangre would be first tried in the cases against him at Lakadganj police station.Head constable Shingote said he had been searching for Zangre for the last three years. \"I used to keep a warrant against Zangre with me round the clock on duty. It was after a long chase that we could present him before the court and send him to jail,\" said Shingote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12410124", "title": "Mehsana docs get tech savvy", "text": "PALANPUR: For the first time, gynecologists in Mehsana, the district grappling with lowest sex ratio (845 girls to every 1,000 males) in India, have decided to embrace advanced techniques that use active tracker (AT), a GPS and GPRS-enabled device that can help bring transparency in sonography in order to curb sex determination and ultimately female foeticide.Doctors who gathered at a meeting organized by the Federation of Gynaecologistst and Obstetrician Society of India (Mehsana) district on Thursday accepted the district administration proposal to install AT into the sonography machines.\"There are about 100 registered sonography machines in Mehsana, of which 30 have already placed orders to get ATs. We expect that 95% of sonography machines will be fitted with ATs very soon,\" said collector Rajkumar Beniwal.The AT records that sonography data and sends it to the central monitoring unit in district collectorate office. A month-long data can also be recorded on a disc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408637", "title": "Truck hits vehicles; woman, kid killed", "text": "PUNE: The truck then hit a two-wheeler on which Dighi resident Jitendra Salve (27) and his wife Anita (23) were travelling. Salve is stated to be in a critical condition at hospital.The truck went on to hit two rickshaws, two motorcycles and another van. It then ploughed into the Chauhan family members, who were standing outside a shop. Rajendra Karpe (50), who was standing nearby, was also hit. The truck finally ground to a halt after hitting a closed shop.One Ashok Dhore (29) of Yerawada was also injured in the accident. All the injured are being treated at two private hospitals in Pune.Chavan said the police are investigating whether Mulik was drunk at the time of the accident. \"We are also checking whether he has any psychological problems. He told us that he lost control of the vehicle as the accelerator got locked accidentally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408288", "title": "Armed robbers loot house in Bithoor", "text": "KANPUR: Twelve armed miscreants barged into a house under Bithoor police station and decamped with cash and jewellery worth several lakh after critically injuring five house inmates late on Saturday night.The incident took place in Ramel village at the house of a motor mechanic Taufeeq alias Guddu. \"Taufeeq was sleeping with his wife and children in a room. The robbers armed with canes and firearms entered the house and held Taufeeq and his wife Rukhsana hostage at gunpoint. They demanded all the cash and jewellery.When they offered resistance, the miscreants attacked them with canes and sticks. On hearing commotion, when their children including two sons Shahnawaz and daughter Nusrat alias Gudiya tried to resist, the robbers assaulted them and even threatened to kill them and their parents.All the accused were between 20-25 years of age. Later, the villagers rushed to their rescue but by then the robbers had escaped with cash and valuables. The injured were rushed to hospital. The Bithoor police have lodged an FIR. DIG Amitabh Yash said some suspected persons had been detained for questioning. \"An insider's hand cannot be ruled out. However, the police are working on all possible angels and trying to identify the accused,\" he said.This is the third incident in five days wherein armed goons have decamped with cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees in the district. The police are yet to crack the Friday night's robbery in which five armed persons had barged into the house of a scooter dickey manufacturer and killed his two kids before decamping with gold jewellery and cash worth several lakh in Shivrajpur. On March 20, armed robbers had thrown a woman from the roof-top of her house in daytime and escaped with cash and jewellery in from her house in Jhaliayya village in Bithoor. There is no breakthrough in that case as well.Arrest: Police arrested one Raees Ahmed of Ghatiyamau in Thakurganj Lucknow and recovered 250 grams of charas from his possession on Sunday. The police claimed that the arrested person was a listed drug peddler and was operating from a rented house in Talauwa Mandi in the limits of Railbazar police station. The police later sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12407728", "title": "SGPC to file mercy plea for ex-CM Beant Singh's assassin", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Backed by ruling Akali Dal, the SGPC, apex religious body of Sikhs, will file a clemency appeal before the President for Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is on death row for the 1995 killing of Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, even as ally BJP steered clear of the issue.At an emergency meeting convened and chaired by the SAD president and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , the Core Committee said this evening that the party was prepared to \"go to any extent to secure clemency for Bhai Rajoana so that the hard earned atmosphere of peace and communal harmony in the state is not disturbed.\"Amid the campaign seeking support for clemency to Rajoana, which has even been endorsed by Beant's family, the Patiala Central Jail returned his death warrant for the second time in less than a week.Patiala Jail Superintendent Lakhwinder Singh Jakhar, who had returned the warrant for execution of Rojana last evening, informed Additional Sessions Judge Shalini Singh Nagpal (Chandigarh) that there were legal infirmities in the procedure followed and Punjab state had no territorial jurisdiction in the matter.The Core Committe meeting, which deliberated the issue for over two hours and noted that the death warrant had been returned as the sentence could not be carried out in Punjab, asked the Shiromani Gurudwara Parbhandhak Committee to immediately file a clemency appeal for Rajoana before the President of India.It also asked the Punjab government to take all possible legal and other steps to secure clemency for him, party general secretary Daljeet Singh Cheema said.Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, who was present at the meeting, said that he would make a special statement on the subject in the assembly tomorrow.Meanwhile, Rajoana has refused the title of 'Zinda Shaheed' (living martyr) bestowed on him by the top temporal seat of Sikhs -- the Akal Takht-- and said he will prefer to be hanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12408223", "title": "Four arrested in Tirupur for hoarding LPG cylinders", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tirupur rural police on Sunday arrested four people, including an AIADMK functionary, for hoarding and selling domestic cylinders to commercial establishments. As many as 67 domestic cylinders were seized from his properties at Perumanallur and Kunnathur. Police is looking for three more people.Acting on a tip-off, assistant superintend of police of Avinashi sub-division Vijayanta Arya Goyal and her team raided a house at Mergupathi near Perumanallur in Tirupur district on Sunday. The house belonged to I Palanisamy, 50, a functionary of AIADMK party and former panchayat president of Mergupathi village. Now his wife Banumathi, 45, is the president of Mergupathi.Police found 33 LPG domestic cylinders, 154 connection books and 24 liquor bottles from Palanisamy's house. He told police that public keep their cylinders and take them to their homes as his house was situated at the centre of the village. He denied that he was selling cylinders to others.According to a police source, he hoarded the cylinders to sell them for commercial purpose. He sold cylinders to car owners and drivers who ran their vehicles on LPG. He got the cylinder connection books from local residents and paid them some money. Palanisamy was arrested by police and the case had been transferred to Civil Supplies -CID police. The Prohibition Enforcement Wing (PEW) also registered a case against Palanisamy for possession of liquors.The ASP's team and Civil Supplies CID team conducted raids at various parts in Kunnathur near Tirupur as well. They seized 26 domestic LPG cylinders and eight commercial cylinders and four compressor machines which were used for refilling the gas cylinders. The team arrested T Subramani, 54, K Shankar, 40, and P Chellammal, 56, of Kunnathur. They possessed 34 cylinders for selling purpose. Police sources said that Subramani and Chellamal owned omni vans which were used to ferry cylinders to customers.LPG cylinders are a cherished commodity since there is always a supply-demand mismatch. The truck strike accentuated the problem and the wait for a cooking gas cylinder now extends to over a month in Coimbatore. \"There is backlogging of domestic LPG cylinders for the next one month. At least, 12,000 cylinders have to be supplied to the customers in Coimbatore,\" said Saravanakumar, treasurer of Indane gas distributors association, Coimbatore. Instances of bogus customers and hoarding by black-marketers add to the trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408917", "title": "India remains world's largest arms importer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The message is embarrassing but clear: with India failing to get its act together to build a strong defence-industrial base (DIB) unlike China, it will continue to be the world's largest arms importer in the foreseeable future.So, gleeful global armament giants are again lining up to hard-sell their aircraft, helicopters, drones, submarines, howitzers, futuristic infantry combat vehicles, missiles, assault rifles and carbines at India's biennial arms jamboree here.Around 250 foreign firms, mainly from the US, Russia, France, Israel, the UK and Germany, and over 55 official delegations will be in town this week for the four-day ``DefExpo-2012' that begins on Thursday.Over 330 Indian exhibitors, including major ones like Tatas, Punj Lloyd, L&T; and Mahindra, will also be there to explore tie-ups and joint ventures with foreign companies as well as DRDO, defence PSUs and domestic shipyards.The defence ministry has been pushing for JVs and technology transfers to strengthen the DIB, albeit in a haphazard manner, even as it continues to restrict FDI to only 26% in the defence production sector.Foreign vendors who bag arms deals over Rs 300 crore, of course, have to plough back at least 30% of the contract value into India as ``offsets'' in the defence industrial, civil aerospace, homeland security and training sectors.The gigantic $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 fighters, in fact, has a 50% offset clause. Offset contracts worth over Rs 50,000 crore are set to materialize over the next two to three years, say officials.But India, with its fledgling DIB, still remains far away from reversing the current trend of being forced to import 70% of its military hardware and software. This also leaves it vulnerable to supply lines being choked in times of conflict.Just earlier this month, Swedish think-tank SIPRI dubbed India the world's largest arms importer, accounting as it did for 10% of global arms imports in the 2007-2011 timeframe to display China. With an aggressive DIB, often propelled by ``reverse engineering'', China is becoming a major arms exporter to countries like Pakistan.But if India inked arms deals worth $50 billion mainly with foreign vendors in the decade after the 1999 Kargil conflict, it will spend well over double that amount in the current decade.The Army has pointed at huge operational gaps in fields ranging from artillery, aviation, air defence and night-fighting to ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles), PGMs (precision guided munitions) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition.After taking it up with defence minister A K Antony, the force now wants to brief the PM since it will need around Rs 41,000 crore to make up just its existing ``critical hollowness'' in ammunition and equipment, say sources.INDIAN ARMS BAZAARAircraft:India in final commercial negotiations with French Dassault Aviation for the $20 billion MMRCA project to acquire 126 fighters.Over $1.5 billion contract for six new mid-air refueling aircraft in final stage between Airbus Military's A330 MRTT and Ilyushin IL-78MK tankers.Acquisition of 75 Swiss Pilatus PC-7 trainer aircraft for over Rs 3,000 crore awaiting final nod.Three major ``follow-on'' deals with US companies in pipeline: Six more C-130J ``Super Hercules'' tactical airlift planes (over $1.2 billion), four P-8I long-range maritime patrol aircraft (over $1 billion) and six C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft (over $2.4 billion).Helicopters:Army, Navy, IAF and Coast Guard on course to induct over 600 helicopters, ranging from heavy-lift and attack to maritime multi-role and light utility ones, the majority from foreign companies, for over Rs 20,000 crore in the coming decade.Submarines:Global tender for over Rs 50,000 crore `Project-75 India' to construct six advanced diesel-electric stealth submarines, armed with both land-attack missile capabilities and air-independent propulsion (AIP), to be issued soon.Artillery:Over Rs 20,000 crore 155mm artillery modernization programme to acquire 1,580 towed guns, 814 mounted gun systems, 180 self-propelled wheeled guns, 100 self-propelled tracked guns and 145 air-mobile ultra-light howitzers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409911", "title": "Bandra cop shifted for harassing complainant", "text": "A policeman has been transferred from Bandra police station to the police control room (west region ) for allegedly misbehaving with a complainant in February.Sasha Azad (23 ) had alleged that Ramchandra Aher, assistant police inspector at Bandra police station, threw his name tag at her, physically assaulted her and tore open his shirt, threatening to book her for assaulting him, when she tried to register an FIR regarding a cell-phone burglary.Vishwas Nangre-P atil, additional commissioner of police (west) said he has issued instructions to transfer Aher to the west region police control room to prevent him from interfering with investigations. \"A preliminary inquiry is now in progress, based on which we can stop his increment for a year. The preliminary inquiry will be followed by a departmental enquiry. I have been informed that he will retire in two months, so if the departmental enquiry proves the allegations to be true, a fine of Rs 16,000 will be imposed,\" said Nangre-P atil. When contacted, Aher said he did not want to comment as investigations were in progress.On February 19, Azad's friend Neha Nisal's (19) cellphone was stolen at Bandstand in Bandra (West). Azad went to her Khar home and using a GPS-based online tracker, located the stolen phone to Bandra Worli Sea Link. \"We then went to register a complaint at Bandra police station. One policeman asked Neha for a Rs 100-bribe for registering an FIR, saying the intent of theft could not be proved. We were told to file a misplaced phone report,\" said Azad. Aher then asked them to narrate their story.\"He asked Neha to get out of the police station for not being able to speak in Hindi or Marathi. When I asked him for his name, he threw his badge on my face and it hit me on the forehead. He twisted my hand when I bent to pick up the badge. When I told him that I will file a case against him, he ripped open his shirt and threatened to file an assault case against me,\" said Azad.\"What is ironical is that there were no lady officers to attend to us. We were also dissuaded from filing an FIR by his seniors. It was clearly shirking of duty. We want to set a precedent with this case by getting justice,\" said Azad.Times ViewDespite several court orders and directives from their own top brass, police continue to display extreme reluctance to register FIRs. While some complaints may genuinely be attempts at settling personal scores, police are often known to dissuade complainants from registering cognizable offences to ostensibly keep the 'crime statistics low' in their areas. Turning away a victim at the very first door of redressal, or misbehaviour with a complainant, will not reduce incidence of crime, but rather leave a blot on khaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409933", "title": "Women's panel slams police inaction", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh State Women's Commission has slammed the state police for its 'gross negligence and inaction' that led to the brutal murder of a 50-year-old tribal woman. She was shot dead by an alleged rapist and three others after she refused to withdraw complaint that her daughter, a Class VIII student, was raped on February 10 in the tribal- dominated Betul district.\"There has been gross negligence on the part of the police and serious lapses of Betul district administration which led to the incident,\" SWC chairperson Upma Rai told TOI. A team led by her visited Hamlapur, where four men barged into a tribal Imarti Bai Dhurve's house and shot her dead on Saturday. The tribal woman was shot right in front of her family. Her daughter later told police that the four included her supposedly absconding rapist.The girl was raped after being abducted by Rajesh Kirar and a lady, identified as Rani. Rani was arrested and produced before a court, which granted her bail. However, the family members of the accused were threatening Imrati Bai family with dire consequences, demanding they should withdraw the complaint.SWC member Jyoti Yevtikar said, \"When the victim's family was being threatened since February by the accomplice Rani's family, then a case should have been registered under Section 506 of the IPC (punishment for criminal intimidation) instead of preventive action under Section 107/116. Also, when the victim's family filed a petition in the collector's public hearing on March 20, the matter was referred to the police, instead of taking direct action.\"SWC chairperson said the murdered woman's husband, an aged man who was present in the house when she was shot dead, alleged that his elder daughter was trafficked to Ujjain nearly six year ago and the police did not take any action in the matter despite repeated complaints.Rai said \"The rape accused Rajesh and her accomplice Rani started harassing the girl since December. Like her elder sister, Rani was trying to lure her into prostitution. When the girl protested, she was forcibly taken away and raped by Rajesh on February 10 while Rani stood guard.\"She said the police should have opposed the bail that was given to Rani on February 29 keeping in mind the history of trafficking allegations of the elder daughter by the family. Had the bail been rejected things would not have come to such a pass.\"The team comprising chairperson Upma Rai and member Jyoti Yevtikar spoke to the SP, investigating officer, collector and the victim's family on Sunday. No arrests have been made so far in connection with the murder, according to the SWC team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409093", "title": "300 residents lead the way", "text": "GURGAON: \"A safer Gurgaon for women\" - this was the battle-cry accompanying the sound of a dozen drums at Sunday's protest march gathered near the Tau Devi Lal stadium in Sector 38, with over 300 residents participating in the event. With the city registering an increase in the incidences of gender-crime, there has been a popular feeling that both the administration and the police force have failed to meet their responsibilities.And this very sentiment was palpable at the demonstration march - a part of TOI's \"Gurgaon Shamed\" campaign - which started at the stadium before proceeding through Rajiv Chowk, the main diplomatic zone of the city, and culminating in the form of a candlelight vigil at the gates of the deputy commissioner P C Meena's residence in Civil Lines.Parul Satija, a Sector 15 resident, carrying banners demanding better policing and safer roads in the city, said that a lot needs to change if Gurgaon is to become safer for women. \"There is a sense of aggression that you feel on Gurgaon roads, and this perception will take a long time to change. But the prime requirement is more cops at night,\" she said.\"Why shouldn't we go out at night? When men can? The police and the administration have to ensure that the streets are safe,\" said Monica Sharma, one of the protestors.Also participating were the members of the theatre group, Asmita, who presented their \"naatak\" for those around on the subject of how overall attitudes of a society - which prefers looking away to doing something - towards gender crimes need to change.Representatives of the NGO, Jagori, and the resident group, Let's Walk Gurgaon, also put together a petition along with a charter of demands, which was submitted to the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of the city, Satender Duhan, filling in for the deputy commissioner, who was out of town.\"I think it's a great move. And it is required in Gurgaon too,\" said Duhan, adding that he will pass over the memoranda to the deputy commissioner and the commissioner of police.\"We have demanded, first immediate punishment for the rapists in this month's case. Support services for the victim. Then, better lighting on Gurgaon's roads. A curb on public drinking. And a detailed security plan for the women safety for the city,\" said Parul Maheshwari Sharma, a senior eye surgeon, and a member of the group Let's Walk Gurgaon. Sharma added that the SDM has also committed that he will facilitate a meeting between citizen representatives, the deputy commissioner and the commissioner of police within one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414096", "title": "'I am not going to ask for work in an English film'", "text": "Two time National Award winner Manoj Bajpai shares his angst, his highs and lows in an interview...You've got a busy calendar year with four films slated to hit screens. Will that give you enough 'me time'?Well, I do have four films (Neeraj Pathak's Special Chhabis , Bedabrata Pain's Chittagong Uprising , Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh and Anurag Kashyap's Gangs Of Wasseypur ) and I am going to be busy shooting throughout the summer. In June I can take my first well-earned break. But I have enough free time on hand and I use that to spend it with my family. I also have enough time to read the newspapers, watch good cinema. So there's no dearth of 'me time'. I think I am reasonably good at time management.What's with this tendency to work with directors you share a comfort level with? Prakash Jha, and now Anurag Kashyap, your former friend turned foe turned friend?I am also working with Neeraj (Pathak) for the first time and Bedabrata. As an actor, one is in a comfort zone with some filmmakers and if they know how to bring out the best in me then I am greedy enough to work with them. Anurag told me that Gangs Of Wasseypur will present me like never before and I trust his vision. But let me tell you, I also reject offers from other directors I have worked with in the past, if the role's not good enough. I'm very selective.Considering there's so much competition, is it wise to be so selective?Acting for me is not just about going to the sets of a film, putting on make-up and facing the camera. I need to be inspired about doing the role that I will be doing. I need to get creative satisfaction too! I was happy doing theatre, but theatre doesn't pay and it was difficult for me financially. That's why I started doing films, but I am here to do work that I love. I am obsessed about doing good work, but I refuse to compromise on my ideals and beliefs, even when it comes to signing on the dotted line I also tend to get bored very easily, so the story has to be told in a refreshing manner, only then do I get convinced about doing it. Not even 20% of my potential as an actor has been utilized. That kind of saddens me.Ram Gopal Varma gave you the biggest break of your career in \"Satya\". Yet you continue to be miffed with him.Wrong! Shekhar Kapur gave me the biggest break with \"Bandit Queen \" and then I did Mahesh Bhatt's \"Tamanna\". Ramu gave me good films too, but I had some bitter personal experiences with him which disappointed me. I lost a lot in the process and there's nothing more left to say about what happened then. Today we are in a space where we can talk and might some day even work together.In an age when every actor is seen and heard, why is Manoj Bajpai the media recluse?You tell me! Everyone knows where I live! I don't feel motivated to publicise myself. I have never been hungry for publicity. The media should think me worthy of being written about and not the other way round. I am not desperate. When I do small budget films, no one talks about me. The bottomline is the same - if your movie works at the BO you are a great actor and if it doesn't you are a loser.I am not a cynic, this is how the industry works and I've figured it out.Any Hollywood plans? Several of your Bollywood contemporaries are testing water in English films.Let's face it, Hollywood filmmakers are not looking at Indian actors in their ventures. Only three Indian actors are wellknown internationally - Om Puri , Irrfan Khan and now Anil Kapoor . The rest of us don't really matter. Besides I speak reasonable English, but am not sure that's enough. I am not going to ask for work in an English film just to put that in my CV.Your POA in 2012?I am hoping to get started on my own production company some day soon and may be direct a film too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407771", "title": "10 injured as lift crashes", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten people escaped with minor injuries after an elevator in a residential building in Goregaon came crashing down from the fifth to the ground floor, apparently due to overloading.The incident occurred at the new Chamunda Towers in Goregaon (West) around 1pm on Sunday. Most of the victims had gone to attend a housewarming party on the seventh floor. One of the guests, Darshan Gill, said they were headed for the seventh floor but as they reached the fifth floor, the lift suddenly went spiralling down. \"We were going up when suddenly we heard a loud noise, as if something snapped. The next thing we knew was that the lift was speeding downwards,\" said Gill, who was with his two sons and a granddaughter. He have sustained three minor fractures. \"Thankfully, my sons and grandchild escaped unhurt.\"All the victims were taken to Surana Hospital in Malad where five were discharged after being administered first aid. The rest, who sustained minor fractures, have been hospitalized but would be discharged by Monday. Vice-president of the hospital Afzal Sheikh said, \"The impact of the fall led to some suffering compression fractures.\"BMC engineers visited the building for an inspection. The police said the lift could have crashed because of overloading though they were yet to draw a conclusion. \"Quite a few people entered the lift on the ground floor. Some more people got in on the second floor. This seems to be one of the factors behind the fall,\" said a resident who was in the lift at the time of the incident.\"We are trying to verify the exact reason behind the crash. Engineers will conduct an inspection and send a report to us before we can come to a conclusion,\" said an officer from the Goregaon (West) police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410280", "title": "Impostor turns out to be history-sheeter", "text": "INDORE: The impostor in the garb of an advocate, who forced a minor girl at knife point to get nude in Chandan nagar area on Friday, has reportedly turned out to be a history-sheeter. The accused was booked in 41 cases at 17 different police stations across the district.According to the police, Sangita, 16, (name changed) had left her house in a huff over a dispute with her sister on Friday evening. She was heading towards her maternal uncle's house in Ahirkhedi, but forgot the address and way.As it was getting night, the girl got panicky and started seeking help from the passersby. One Usha, a resident of Vidur Nagar, who claimed to be a policewoman, offered to help and took her to the house of one Madhusudan Dubey, who was living in the garb of a lawyer.In her narration to the police, the girl claimed that Usha left her in the house and disappeared.Unable to comprehend what was in store for her, Sangita went to sleep. When she woke up late night, she saw Madhusudan watching a blue film. On seeing the girl awake , Madhusudan allegedly started physically abusing her.He forced the girl to remove her clothes at knife point and made advances and misbehaved with her. Early morning, she pleaded for help from the terrace while the accused was still asleep, said the police adding that the neighbours helped the girl in distress.Police arrested the accused and booked him under Section 292 (defines the term obscene and provides for punishment for distributing any such object), Section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty), Section 342 (punishment for wrongful confinement), Section 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation), Section 110 (punishment for abetment if person abetted does act with different intention from that of abettor). Chandan Nagar police inspector Pawan Mishra said the accused will be brought before court on Monday.The girl had left her house in a huff over a dispute with her sister on Friday. She was heading towards her maternal uncle's house in Ahirkhedi, but forgot the address. As it was getting night, the girl got panicky and started seeking help from the passersby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12409924", "title": "Pro-Beijing tycoon is Hong Kong\u2019s new boss", "text": "BEIJING: A pro-Beijing leader won the election for Hong Kong's chief executive, the highest political position in the only democraticallyrun city of Greater China. The move signals a tightening of controls by the Communist Party of China over Hong Kong, informed sources said.The new chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, won the indirect election securing 689 votes from a 1,200-seat committee of business leaders and other elites in the Hong Kong legislature. Leung promised to work towards solving issues of social conflict, maintaining prosperity and stability in the city.Leung's success was helped by a real estate and extra-marital scandal involving his rival Henry Tang . He admitted to having an affair outside marriage and constructing a basement in his house without obtaining official permission.Tang received 285 votes while a pro-democracy candidate Albert Ho got 76 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411929", "title": "Nargis Fakhri loves shopping in Delhi", "text": "Ever since she shot for Imtiaz Ali's \"Rockstar\" in Delhi, m odel-turned-actress Nargis Fakhri says she looks forward to every single time that she comes to the city. And she has got quite a few opportunities for that too.Of course, Nargis was everywhere while promoting \"Rockstar\", but event after that, she's been spotted n the capital a few times - in February this year, she walked the ramp for designer Sakshee Pradhan at the Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week (WIFW) in February, and just a few days ago, she was spotted in Noida for an event by a personal care brand in Noida. Talking about Delhi, and her plans for a Delhi darshan, she says, \"I love Delhi! It's such a cool city. Not only do you guys have lots and lots of space (which makes us really envious), but you have this great markets. For a foreigner like me, markets are really fascinating. I love Khan Market, for instance, and Janpath market. I can go on shopping there forever. I loved Connaught Place and Delhi University when I was here, and had great fun interacting with the students there.\" Delhi also means shopping, she says, adding, \"Shopping is one thing I have to do in Delhi. You have these great malls, and all the brands that shopping is so good here. You must move all this to Mumbai. Delhi is way better at the moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409929", "title": "This banker floors you with his collection of ties", "text": "BHOPAL: He strongly believes that nothing big is achieved in the world without passion. A proud owner of a couple of thousand ties from across the world, the 44-year-old Dipak Sharma is showing no signs of slowing down. And his fanatical zeal to pursue passion has earned this PhD holder a place in the Limca Book of Records (for collecting ties) and in the Guinness World Records . If his passion cost him a fortune-Rs 15 lakh, he does not mind it.Popularly known as 'Tieman', Sharma made it to the Limca Book for his mind-boggling theme-based neckties. He has taken enough care to ensure that no tie is repeated twice in his impressive collection. This perhaps sets him apart from others. Consumed by the desire to do out-of-the-ordinary things helped him make other record as well.He had organized a motorbike expedition of almost 2,000 km along the coastline of Gujarat on January 26 last year.\"I always try to be the best in my field whether it is my profession or any other field. The passion to be the best helped me make it to the Limca Book of Records,\" said Sharma, the city-based bankman.As for his collection of ties, he said, \"I started collecting ties in 1988. Currently, I have 3,200 ties on different themes. I have never repeated any tie in the past six years.\" The man, who bought ties from different geographies, carries a complement of ties, as and when he travels.\"Tie collection is my passion. I think nothing of money if I have to buy a tie,\" claimed Sharma, who had shifted to Bhopal some eight months ago.About his motor expedition, he said he and 41 bikers, including three women and as many senior citizens, had set out on the expedition from Lakhapat, a coastal area in Gujarat. \"We covered 1,910 km in six days and distributed 1.5 lakh pamphlets during the journey ,\" Sharma added. Later, his expedition was taken note of by none other than the Limca Book of Records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "the dharwad unit of rangayana will celebrate the world theatre day in dharwad on tuesday. rangayana director enagi nataraj informed that deputy commissioner darpan jain will inaugurate the programme at suvarna samucchaya at 10", "code": "12409350", "title": "Rangayana to brighten up summer holidays", "text": "The Dharwad unit of Rangayana will celebrate the World Theatre Day in Dharwad on Tuesday. Rangayana director Enagi Nataraj informed that deputy commissioner Darpan Jain will inaugurate the programme at Suvarna Samucchaya at 10:30 am. Two veteran theatre personalities Nagaratna Hosmani and Gangayyaswami Shirur will be felicitated for their valuable contribution to the theatre. Rajprabhu Dhotre of Belgaum and Chidanand Gavai of Bellary will present 'Ranga Geete'.Nataraj stated that the Rangayana, Dharwad has asked the government to appoint 15 artistes.The government, which earlier had permitted recruitment of 12 artistes to be associated with Rangayana, Dharwad for a period of 12 years has now issued a new order increasing the number of artistes to be recruited to 15. Of the 15 artistes one will be hired for light designing, one musician and one costume designer. The government has also issued orders handing over the supervision of Suvarna Samuchaya to Rangayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412592", "title": "Lara's mixed Sunday", "text": "Guess which B-town celeb is having a mixed Sunday today? Well, it's new mommy Lara Dutta Bhupathi who spent a \"mixed bag Sunday\".The actor shared her day with fans on a microblogging site. Lara expressed on her blog how Boney Kapoor's ex-wife, Mona Kapoor's, demise had saddened her. She wrote, \"Mixed bag Sunday. Saddened to hear of the demise of Mona Kapoor. She was always lovely whenever I interacted with her. RIP.\"But she soon followed up that post on the microblogging site with a message explaining why her Sunday was a mixed bag. Apparently, the actor had just watched recently-released Hollywood flick \"Hunger Games\" and she expressed her views about it on her blog. She wrote, \"Saw Hunger Games- didn't think it lived up to the book. Bit watered down. For its young viewers I guess.\" We agree to an extent, Lara.Some time later, however, Lara took on a witty note as she weighed the pros and cons of online shopping. \"Me stayin home is doing wonders for the world economy(online shopping!)But not that great for my own!:-).EVERYTHING is available on the net! (sic)\" Well, given the multiple boons of online shopping, especially for new moms (since it allows new mothers to spend more time with their little one) there shouldn't be many reasons to complain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409691", "title": "More fake degrees seized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have seized some more fake degrees on the basis of the interrogation of the arrested accused. According to them, some new links have also come to light which will help them make further arrests in the case.So far the cops have confiscated 408 fake degrees, a receipt book containing 400 names of the clients and arrested atleast 14 persons.We have seized more fake documents and objectionable material that were used in making forged documents like birth certificates, bank statements and experience certificates. We have got many new links and are expecting to make more arrests, Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID), who is heading the SIT, told TOI.Joshi admitted that this racket is turning out to be a big scam which is worth several crores. In the course of interrogation we have found that its a big close-knitted network. At present, we are not in a position to divulge other names and any more details as it can affect our probe, he stated.Wake up callAfter the disclosure of the fact that unscrupulous agents were also getting the varsities records altered to make their forged degrees genuine, Chandigarh police is drafting a circular for different universities and education boards.We are drafting a circular to ask the educational institutes about the vulnerability of altering records, said Anil Joshi, DSP (CID) and head of SIT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408697", "title": "Advanced spine surgery helps patient recover in two days", "text": "PUNE: A minimal-invasive surgery helped a business analyst with severe spine fracture to recover in two days, which normally would have meant 12 days of hospitalisation and two months of post-op recovery.Sachin Kumar (name changed) fell from a mezzanine floor while cleaning the windows of his rented house in Pimple Saudagar on February 27. He was rushed within an hour to Aditya Birla memorial hospital.Due to disabling pain in the back and legs, he found it difficult to walk or move. His spinal injury and curve were successfully corrected by spine consultant Amol Rege through a two-hour long surgery. Kumar was able to walk the next day and travel by train to his hometown Hyderabad on the third day. He was back to Pune in two weeks and could soon resume work.Rege, while speaking to media persons, said, \"This was a case of severe spine fracture, and there was no way to correct it without surgery.\" Rege, on realising the risks in the traditional surgery, decided to perform the advanced spine surgery procedure to correct the fractured spine.Enumerating the advantages of this surgery, Rege said, \"The advantages of this minimal invasive spinal surgery technique over traditional open surgery include no large scars on the back, only smaller incisions (slits), a shorter hospital stay, reduced post-operative pain, less blood loss, a shorter recovery time and reduced risk of infection.\"He added: \"The technique is useful in spine fractures, degenerative disc conditions requiring spinal fusion, spondylolisthesis, wherein there is slippage of one vertebra over other, resulting in back and leg pain. This is an example of how technology is changing the management of spinal conditions for patient benefit.\"This surgery involves 'sextant rod insertion system surgical technique'. Small incisions are required to reach the spinal column instead of the large cuts in the traditional methods. \"During recovery period, the patient is restricted from bending forward and sitting on the floor. After two months, he would be able to lead a normal life without any physical restrictions,\" Rege said.Kumar said, \"I stay in Pimple Saudagar, with friends in a rented house where the accident occurred. My friends rushed me to the hospital. I did not expect to recover so fast from the surgery. I was able to stand and walk slowly on the second day of surgery. I was discharged from the hospital on fifth day of admission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409133", "title": "Go beyond ads, weld women to power", "text": "Women empowerment to me is about gender respect and economic freedom. Few days back, there was a health drink ad on TV that shows a young mother prodding her son at a sport. The very next ad after that of an almond breakfast cereal showing a wife poking fun at her husband saying since his mother had asked him to have almonds, that was the cereal to buy. Seemingly forthright ads are not really of the products but targeting the decision makers of the house on what products to buy. In-turn stroking the teen to thirty-something feminine ego while patronizing the man. The husband's mother is a woman, too, but she's now out of the decision-maker category when it comes to buying. So on the one hand it targets the right segment and on the other, exploits the feminine ego. Is this empowerment?The consumerist economy is already targeting women as the decision makers or influencers in urban India - from groceries to men's deodorants, from cars to consumer electronics. Conflict arises when aspirations exceed the buying capacity or the image projected does not in any way match one's own perceptions.Indian women are competent, smart and go-getters. Across the world, this is the only country that has more women in leadership roles across corporate world, more women politicians and the first country to have had a woman PM at the helm of the largest democracy. From our company's experience in the villages I can confidently say that giving women electoral seat reservations is a good start to truly empower women in 80% of India.Suman Devi who has worked with our rural BPO in a Haryana village for over a year now, still stays in \"ghoongat\", but is connected to the world on Facebook. She is an informed, smart shopper and uses her earnings wisely.Key is to give women an opportunity that is accessible without having to change too much in their ecosystem. Women do really rule the world. They just haven't figured it out yet.This is a comment by Ajay Chaturvedi, founder and chairman of HarVa, which runs an all-women rural BPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407988", "title": "Christians get a fillip in state minority budget", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six religious communities -- Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains and Zoroastrians (Parsis) -- have been notified as minorities in Andhra Pradesh. As per 2011 census, religious minorities account for 10.80 per cent of Andhra Pradesh's population of 8.46 crore. Muslims constitute 9.17 per cent of the state's total population, followed by other minorities such as Christians (1.55 per cent) Buddhists, Sikhs and Jains (0.04 per cent each of the total population). There are about 5,000 Parsis in the state. In absolute numbers, Muslims account for 84.88 per cent of the total minority population of 93 lakhs. Christians come second with 14.36 per cent.Substantial numbers of Christians live in Krishna district (4.36 per cent of the district population), West Godavari (3.64 per cent), Guntur (2.95 per cent), Rangareddy (2.51 per cent), Hyderabad (2.13 per cent) and Visakhapatnam (1.62 per cent). The other 17 districts have smaller communities of Christians.From 1985 till 2008, the AP State Minorities Finance Corporation was implementing various schemes for the benefit of minorities, including Christians, including scholarships and subsidy for bankable schemes. Responding to the longstanding demand of the AP Federation of Churches, an umbrella organization of the churches of various Christian denominations and a state-level body of the bishops and heads of churches in AP, the then chief minister agreed to set up a separate finance corporation for the Christian community in the state.AP State Christian (Minorities) Finance Corporation was established on November 13, 2008 and it started functioning in March 2009 with the mandate to assist in the welfare and development of the weaker sections among Christian community. In July 2009, the AP Federation of Churches demanded the government to allocate 15 per cent of the welfare budget of minorities for the Christian community.Consequently, 15 per cent of the budget of AP State Minorities Finance Corporation for welfare schemes, which were common to Muslims, Christians and other minorities, was earmarked for the Christian Finance Corporation with a proportionate reduction in the allocations for APSMFC. Schemes meant exclusively for Christians being implemented by APSMFC were transferred to the Christian Finance Corporation.In the ensuing budget for 2012-13, the minorities welfare department has allocated Rs 28.65 crore for the Christian Finance Corporation. The allocations include Rs 4 crore for pre- and post-matric scholarships, Rs 15 crore for fee reimbursement, Rs 3.75 crore towards subsidy for bank-linked income generation schemes, Rs 5 crore for other welfare schemes, Rs 25 lakh for mass marriages of poor Christian girls and Rs 50 lakh for managerial subsidy.The Christian Finance Corporation has launched new schemes for providing financial assistance to Christian hospitals, school buildings, orphanages, old-age homes, community halls-cum-youth resource centres and promotion of Christian culture. The idea behind the new initiatives is to enable the church-run welfare institutions to provide services in a sustainable manner.To enable the Christian youth get jobs in the private sector, the Christian Finance Corporation sponsors them for training, employment and placement programmes. They are also assisted to set up small and tiny business units. Moreover, the Christian applicants are provided coaching in reputed private institutions for competitive examinations for civil services, AP state services and other government recruitment and for common entrance tests for admission into professional courses.In July 2009, the high court had stayed a government order providing financial assistance to Christians for pilgrimage to Bethlehem, Jerusalem and other places connected with the life of Jesus Christ. While staying the order, a division bench had ruled that the government should not spend public money for any pilgrimage.Again, in September 2009, the HC had ordered status quo with regard to allotment and disbursement of funds by the state government for construction of churches in the state. The order was passed by a division bench on a PIL. Though the stay has been vacated, the government has not made any allocations to Christian Finance Corporation for Christian pilgrimage and for repairs and construction of churches.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12408550", "title": "Election 2012: An introspection of the 'change'", "text": "The results of the Goa election gave the BJP an absolute majority, decimating the ruling Congress and sent packing many \"heavyweights\", but did not manage to curb family raj completely, which is still rampant in the North with three duos---husband-wife and father-son within the Congress and two brothers from the MGP.The Congress party believes that they have a permanent mandate to rule with the legacy of the independence struggles and the Nehru Gandhi charisma. It should be clear with the loss of Amethi, Rae Bareli, failed Rahul Gandhi efforts in UP, and blatant rejection of the CM chosen by Sonia Gandhi in Uttarakhand that those days are over. Coalition politics have held the nation to ransom. The PM was recently forced to sack the railway minister soon after he delivered the railway budget. Too long in power has made the Congress arrogant and insensitive to public opinion. They have become sycophants, self-serving with a high streak of nepotism. States are demanding greater autonomy in a federal structure. Democracy requires the rule of law, but law makers are the biggest lawbreakers and also have among them criminals who are protected in a cozy nexus with pliant bureaucrats and corporates.Institutions and enforcement agencies are being used to their benefit, corruption has increased to mega proportions, justice has became a casualty , the law is being flouted and those who dare to complain are being harassed through muscle power and money. With the CWG corruption and other mega scams exposed one after another by the CAG, Lokayuktyas (where they exist) and the media, the scuttling of the Lokpal Bill, the increasing crorepatis amongst their tribe, dirty tricks in department working being exposed by a vigilant media, the writing was on the wall. In their arrogance, they failed to see it.On the other hand, for the BJP, the road to change has begun in Goa, but the old war horses, the tainted and corrupt, except for a few, are all back, some even voted in with a considerable majority. Of the 40 members, 12 have declared criminal cases (30%), seven are from the BJP and 37 out of 40 (93%) are crorepatis. The manifesto implementation and time-bound action was openly promised at the swearing-in ceremony. The battle against corruption and for good governance with no magic wand but zero tolerance for corruption and working towards solving burning problems will hopefully be with the cooperation of all those concerned.The BJP will have a Goa model, says CM Manohar Parrikar , as against the Gujarat model. Except in Goa, the party fared poorly in UP, Punjab and Uttarkhand. The BJP brass gave tickets to the tainted Babu Singh Kushwaha , thrown out by Mayawati , to bring in the OBC votes, to Sakshi Mahara, once in Tihar jail on cases of rape and sexual assault, and Lalu Singh who had been winning the Ayodhya seat since 1992 due to the Ram temple issue; all lost their deposit this time. The BJP and its frontal organizations and hidden influential hardliners will have to be kept at arms length .Golden Goa means governance by law with compassion for each and every one equally with people-centric sustainable development. The BJP and Congress appear to be two sides of the same coin. The BJP will have to reinvent itself for change and good governance.On the whole, the Election Commission tried its best to encourage free and fair elections and strictly enforced the code of conduct. It seized more than 36 lakh in black money in Goa, tonnes of liquor and other inducements meant for distribution to voters. Every decision in public interest required people to come out on the streets. Goa has proved to be not just a beautiful place with \"sossegado\" Goans, but has many good NGOs and is a lesson in democracy to the rest of India. This is the only state in India to have 80% voter turnout and to elect a legislative assembly with mostly educated members hopefully devoid of caste and tolerable religious politics. The BJP has been mandated with a clear majority specifically for a clean and green Goa with zero tolerance for corruption and sustainable people-centric development. Fortunately, there appears to be a man at the helm who is capable of delivering this mandate.The writer is a retired naval officer residing in Porvorim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408286", "title": "Two run over by truck", "text": "KANPUR: Two labourers were killed when they were run over by an unidentified truck in Naubasta on Sunday.Police identified the deceased as Brijesh Kumar Pal (30) and Zakir Khan (20), both residents of Akudi village in Bhognipur in Ramabai Nagar.Police said the victim was crossing the road in Karrahi area of Naubasta when they were hit by a truck. They were rushed to hospital where the two were declared dead. Police have lodged an FIR.Molestation: A six-year-old girl, who was alone in her house in Anand Nagar, Kalyanpur, was allegedly molested by a man identified as Rajaram on Saturday. According to police complaint lodged, the incident took place in the evening hours while the girl was playing in her house. The accused, however, managed to escape. When there was some delay in registering police complaint, the locals met senior police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412475", "title": "Charan competes with Tamannaah", "text": "Ram Charan Tej's next big ticket Telugu flick \" Racha\" is already creating a buzz in the trade circles.The Charan and Tamannaah-starrer which hits the screens during the first week of April is one of the most awaited flicks in Tollywood this year. While those who have seen the promos are going gaga over Tamannaah's look, Charan on the other hand confesses to be playing the second fiddle in the 'looks department'.But it seems like the actor has finally found himself matching up to his heroine's screen presence, all thanks to his cinematographer Sameer Reddy. Taking to his micro blogging page, the actor posted, \"I know I can't look as beautiful as my co-star tamana but then lookin at sameer reddy's (my cinematographer) work I can re-think. thank u sam. (sic).\"This will be the first time Tamannaah will be paired opposite Ram Charan Tej in a flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412029", "title": "People think muscular men have no brains: Sharat Saxena", "text": "He has been there in Bollywood for four decades now. He has played the left right and center of the bad man in innumerable movies and have made many heroes look timid in his presence. Sharat Saxena, who played the overpowering boxer in Ghulam and a rigid father Saathiya, talks about his journey in Bollywood and more.Looking fitter as ever, he talks about how people have preconceived notions about muscular men. He says, \"Producers normally have this notion that muscular men have no brains and I have faced this all my life. It was only Salman Khan who changed this perception and I am thankful to him.\" But after years of working in the same genre, action for almost 25 years, he seems to have made his peace with that fact. He says,\"I did similar kinds of right hand to the villain roles for 25 years. You name the star and I have been beaten up by them. I have taken it all.\" We jokingly ask does he feel awkward being beaten up by guys half his own size? He says with precision, \"No, you have to be totally professional at the sets. Action sequences are serious business and you just can't afford to hurt the hero.\"Talking about his initial years when he came to the industry he says, \"No one comes to become a villain. Wo to meri shakal hi kharab thi to main villain ban gaya.\"Fate has its own plans, but Sharat Saxena in all these years has made a name and a place for himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12410198", "title": "State ignores plight of heritage school", "text": "RAMGARH: The state government may claim to have done its bid in spreading literacy with the introduction of welfare schemes like the mid-day meals, free education and free distribution of books as well as scholarships.But the oldest government middle school in Bhurkunda, in the district's Patratu block, established by the British in 1943, still operates from an old tile-roofed house donated for usage as school to the foreigners by the Late Bharat Pandey.Unfortunately, the Jharkhand government had done little for the welfare of the heritage school other than providing the descendents with Rs 30 every month as rent, as stipulated almost 70 years ago by the British.Vijay Kumar Upadhyay, the headmaster of the school, said the school has been using the building on rent. \"We, on behalf of the state education department, still pay a rent of Rs 30 per month for using the building as school,\" said Upadhyay. He added that the payment was made from allocation made by the government for the purpose.But the school was not completely deprived of a chance for a solution. In 1992, the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) came to the aid of the heritage school with an eight-room building in Bhurkunda Bazaar and provided the state education department with an NOC for the construction of a new school building on a land in its holding.A teacher with the school said the management has written numerous letters to the education department for construction of that new building as the one provided by the CCL was not in the best of conditions and even subject to water leakage in the rainy season.A local resident, Jagtar Singh, who had been a student of the school, said the tile-roofed building had a glorious history of spreading education among the localites and producing professionals like doctors, engineers, politicians, business men and even scientists who attained their primary education here. But none of the ex-students had also come forward to script a better future for the institution. \"I will request the public representative to take initiative to better the condition of the heritage school,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408834", "title": "Hotels, scrap dealers to help curb crime: Cops", "text": "PANAJI: Mapusa police on Saturday held a meeting with scrap dealers and hoteliers under its jurisdiction to seek their cooperation to control theft and crime.Twenty five scrap dealers and 21 hoteliers attended the meeting held at Mapusa police station. Mapusa police inspector Bhanudas Dessai discussed various issues with those who attended with regard to crime.Dessai advised scrap dealers not to buy suspicious items without proper verification of the material.\"If you (scrap dealers) have doubt on any person who visit your premises to sell any suspected items or who cannot show proof that the material belongs to him, then you should immediately inform the police station so that police can take action,\" he said. Dessai also advised scrap dealers to register themselves with the appropriate authority and directed them to provide the information of their workers to police.\"Scrap dealers would be very useful in providing information about suspected persons,\" Dessai told TOI the reason behind having a meeting with scrap dealers.Similarly, Dessai also advised hoteliers to verify the identity card of guests visiting their premises.\"If you (hoteliers) suspect that the identity card is forged, then you should immediately contact the police station,\" he said.Dessai advised hoteliers to install CCTV cameras, so that they could have a back up of footage of the guests visiting their premises.Speaking to TOI, Dessai said most hoteliers had installed CCTV cameras in their hotels .During the last two weeks, Mapusa police has also interrogated over 400 migrant workers and asked them to fill 'stranger forms'.\"Residents of Mapusa area have been requested to inform police about any suspicious person in their vicinity and file their tenant verification and stranger form,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408330", "title": "Canadian studies state's green drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Listening, learning and capturing, Paul Lang, a Canada-based an executive producer, is travelling across the globe to know about examples for education for sustainable development (ESD). He is on a mission to shoot four videos on ESD that will be hosted on United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) website.During his stay in Gujarat, he visited two schools in the city (F D School and Cosmos Castle International School) and one each in Rajkot and Vadodara.Interacting with students and educators, he found that in India educators have the desire to give control of learning to students and they are just there to guide and inspire. \"Certain joy is evident on face of the students and it is fun to see them working jointly,\" he said.Paul, who has already been to schools in United Kingdom , Sweden , Finland and Canada , feels that Indian teachers have sense of care for their students and they do their job with great passion. Sharing his experience with TOI, Paul said, \"At Jeewan Shala in Ambradi (Rajkot), every student is given a tree to plant and the student is supposed wash his daily utensil near the tree - a good way to ensure greenery along with water conservation.\"Citing another example he said, \"A young girl Shreya from Delhi Public School created awareness among the residents of her society towards utility of separation of bio-degradable waste from house waste and recycle it to generate 40 kg of natural compost manure per week.\" Advocating action-based projects, he said, \"Such projects build enthusiasm of students to engage, learn, make mistakes and execute. This in turn prepares them for life, but yes then ESD transforms itself according to local culture and customs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407984", "title": "South Central Railway launches DEMU service", "text": "HYDERABAD: South Central Railway introduced the Kacheguda-Nizamabad-Kacheguda DEMU passenger train service on Sunday. The train was flagged off by Secunderabad MP M Anjan Kumar Yadav at Kacheguda railway station.The regular service will commence March 26. While two trains will depart from Kacheguda at 9.30am and 6:30pm respectively, the trains from Nizamabad will leave at 5am and 2pm. The evening train from Kacheguda will not run on Sunday. The other train from Kacheguda and the two from Nizamabad will not run on Thursdays and Sundays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413080", "title": "Recalling the real 'Agent Vinod'", "text": "This is just so spooky! Nearly forty years after it was written a headline has popped back into my consciousness to haunt me. I plead guilty. Mahendra Sandhu is back in the news, thanks to \"Agent Vinod\" and the rather lop sided, left handed tribute paid to the former actor (Sandhu sensibly moved on decades ago and got himself a proper day job).But when he first burst into Bollywood , in 1973, he was hailed as the next big thing. The desi Bond, if you please. Primarily by Stardust the film magazine I was the editor of at the time.Excited by the prospect of predicting mega stardom for a guy who seemed to have it all, we went flat out to anoint Sandhu as the next superstar. He had the right credentials - rugged Panju good looks, an FTII background and enough hair on his brawny chest (shirt permanently unbuttoned) to make the cut. We set up an elaborate shoot with Sandhu which involved a heavy duty bike, jaunty shades, a forest of chest hair and lots of attitude.The pictures looked great even without photo shop (that nasty little magic trick which was still to be invented). And I was the one who went ahead brashly with a headline that has come back to mock me - \"Lock up your wives and daughters, Mahendra Sandhu has hit the town.\"The lukewarm reaction to our rah- rah story was the writing on the wall. My guess is that Sandhu read it before anyone else. After several similar duds (17 films in 19 years), he changed tracks and going by a recent interview, he sounds like a happy man running, and minding, his own business. Good for Sandhu. A lesser person would have collapsed and gone into a tailspin of depression, frustration and that awful cycle of questioning failure. Here was a guy who had been crowned king a bit too prematurely, a bit too hastily. It was a rash decision, and it backfired.It was also a lesson well learned - about hype and its nasty repercussions. This, in an era when there were no image consultants, managers and publicists. It was a virtual free for all, with the in-built risk of a free fall if the expectations created were not met.Why didn't Sandhu's career take off? Who knows? There were worse actors hacking it at the time, and certainly less good looking chaps who'd made it (some of them are still around featuring in meaty character roles and enjoying an autumn of glory). Sandhu disappeared without a trace. Till Agent Vinod happened. Perhaps film makers will flock to Sandhu yet again and entice him back into the industry with roles that are more appropriate than the one which bombed (Sandhu was the original Agent Vinod). It will be interesting to see if that does indeed happen.One thing I do know, if Sandhu accepts the offer, I won't be the one writing headlines hailing the arrival of a dangerously attractive middle aged actor on the prowl. Once, as they say , is enough. I am still blushing at the memory!P.S. Could Agent Vinod be a jinxed title? Is that the official excuse????(Views expressed by columnists in Pune Times are their own, and not that of the paper.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12409646", "title": "Brain size linked to how many friends you have", "text": "LONDON: Your brain size determines how good you're at keeping friends, say researchers . A new study, led by Prof Robin Dunbar of the University of Oxford , has found a link between the number of friends one has and the size of the region of one's brain - the orbital prefrontal cortex - that is found just above the eyes.This brain region is bigger in people who have a larger number of friendships , the 'Proceedings of the Royal Society B' journal reported. The study suggests that people need to employ a set of cognitive skills to maintain a number of friends. These skills are described as \"mentalizing\" or \"mind-reading\" - a capacity to understand what another person is thinking.The study suggests that a person's competency in these skills is determined by the size of key regions of their brains (in particular, the frontal lobe), say the researchers . Prof Dunbar said: \"Being able to maintain five separate individuals' mental states is the natural upper limit for most of the adults.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12408873", "title": "Climbing Sherpas vanish from Hills", "text": "KOLKATA: In Darjeeling, the town of Sherpa Tenzing Norgay - the hero of Everest - the tradition of the climbing Sherpa is vanishing, ex-deputy director of field training of Himalayan Mountaineering Institute Dorjee Lhatoo said in the city. He was speaking about the Sherpas of Darjeeling at a meet of mountaineers by the Indian Mountaineering Foundation, East Zone.\"Today, I can count on my fingertips the number of climbing Sherpas in Darjeeling,\" Dorjee said. While mountaineering expeditions to the Himalayas are now engaging Sherpas mostly from Kathmandu, the Sherpas of Darjeeling are being drawn to other vocations. \"Most of the Darjeeling Sherpas are now opting for blue-collared jobs.\"Blaming the lack of policy to nurture the tradition of climbing among the Sherpas, he said there are only five Sherpa instructors in HMI now. While, during the days of Dorjee, there were 12, regular Sherpa instructors and casual ones too. Now, during the climbing season, Sherpas from Nepal often arrive in Darjeeling to take part in expeditions but return to Kathmandu. A few Sherpas also visit other countries like Pakistan for K2 expeditions.The tradition of organizing Sherpas of Darjeeling for expeditions had started in 1928 with the setting up of the Himalayan Club. After China occupied Tibet and Nepal was opened to foreign mountaineering expeditions, the focus shifted to Kathmandu. Now, with new employment opportunities in Darjeeling, Sherpas are shifting towards other jobs.Indian Mountaineering Foundation vice president Akhil Bakshi said IMF had signed an MoU with the Chinese Academy of Sciences to study the condition of the glaciers in the upper reaches of the Sutlez and the Brahmaputra rivers in Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408458", "title": "Doctors to intensify strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ongoing state-wide strike of teachers of several government-run medical colleges is going to intensify on Monday, with several other medical colleges slated to join in.Demanding a pay hike as per the University Grants Commission norms, Gujarat Medical Teachers' Association (GMTA) had been on an indefinite strike since March 22. Supporting the demand, teachers of BJ Medical College at Sola in Ahmedabad and Gujarat Medical Education and Research Society college in Gandhinagar have also joined strike. On Monday, they will be joined by teachers of VS Hospital, LG Hospital, Shardaben Hospital and AMC Medical Education Trust colleges for 24 hours. There are around 500 teachers at these four medical colleges.\"We are concerned about the effect on patients in case all the municipal hospitals were to go on strike. As a result, only two hospitals in Ahmedabad had joined the strike. But as the government has failed to respond until now, teachers of the four other hospitals in the city have also decided to go on a token strike,\" said GMTA president Rajnish Patel.Patel added that the idea is to demonstrate their solidarity and show the government how intense the strike could get if their demands are not met. \"The teachers at these medical colleges, however, will resume work after Monday. But, if the government fails to budge within the next few days, they will join the strike for an indefinite period,\" he said. GMTA also held a meeting with Gujarat In-service Doctors Association (GIDA) on Sunday, where they discussed common issues and the possibility of the later supporting the ongoing strike. \"GIDA has extended support to the cause and assured us that, if required, it will join the strike,\" Patel said.Government medical colleges situated in Rajkot, Surat, Vadodara, Ahmedabad, Bhavnagar and Jamnagar and various other places in the state participated in the strike until now.The indefinite strike has posed difficulties for patients as it entered its fourth day on Sunday. Rameshbhai Panchal, who was at VS Hospital to visit his ailing neighbor, said: \"Since morning, many patients have returned from the hospital unattended.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12408935", "title": "Toddler dies in wall collapse", "text": "AMRAVATI: A scuffle between a father and son took the life of a two-month-old toddler, who died as wall collapsed on her in Warud on Saturday.Devika is a name of the toddler. Yogita, daughter of Ashok Mane of Warud, had come to her father's house for delivery. Two months ago Yogita had delivered a baby girl - Devika.On the fateful day, Ashok's son Sagar came home heavily drunk and picked up a quarrel with his mother Aruna. Ashok tried to interfere and solve the mother-son quarrel. That irritated Sagar a lot who attacked his father. Soon their arguments took the shape of a scuffle and in the ensuing melee Sagar pushed his father against a wall, which was standing precariously. Within no time the wall collapsed on the bed on which Devika was sleeping. Devika died on the spot.Warud police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12409219", "title": "Merchants to protest sales tax hike for plastic bags", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The budget proposal to hike the sales tax of plastic carry bags from 4% to 20% has not gone well with the merchants in the city. They are planning to launch a massive protest against the decision.In the budget, finance minister K M Mani had announced the hike in sales tax of plastic carry bags citing the need to reduce the pollution caused by plastic. He had also made cloth bags completely free of tax. The merchants point out that such a steep hike would put thousands of retail merchants who sell plastic carry bags above 40 microns in misery. \"The hike is too much for us to afford. The government should withdraw the decision,\" said Mohammad, a merchant in Chalai.A group of merchants have already met the government officials and expressed their discontent over the decision. \"We have been informed that they would look into the implications of the decision. But the government has not assured us an immediate withdrawal of the hike. Under such circumstances we will organize a protest,\" said a member of Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi.The sales tax was raised to 12.5% during the tenure of LDF government. The merchants had raised their protest and it was brought down to 4%, merchants said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12408488", "title": "Pavagadh-Champaner had 2 mints?", "text": "VADODARA: Excavations at UNESCO-declared World Heritage Site Pavagadh-Champaner have resulted in discovery of treasure, in quite a literal sense. Field workers, who are carrying out excavations inside the Champaner fort, have come across ruins that resemble a mint.The Vadodara circle of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is carrying out excavations inside Champaner fort since a year. Now, they have come across existence of structures that resemble a mint apart from segments of octagonal 'kunds' and gates that resemble portion of a palace.ASI officials have come across these structural remains between the 'Three cell' monument and 'Maratha Mahal' (a palace-like structure) inside Champaner fort which is already an ASI protected site.ASI officials are yet to complete the scientific study of the remains unearthed during the excavations so far. But the excavations of the mint-like structure which so far lay buried bears significance as earlier excavations on Pavagadh hill had established presence of a mint on the hill.\"It has already been established that there was a mint near gate number 4 below Machi on Pavagadh hill. This mint structure, which belongs to the 15th century, is a protected site. Now, the excavations have brought forth underground chambers of octagonal shape indicating presence of another mint at Champaner. We will be now studying whether there is any connection between the mint on Pavagadh hill and the structure unearthed inside Champaner fort. Why were they constructed?\" superintendent archaeologist of ASI Vadodara Circle Dr K C Nauriyal told TOI.He said most of the ruins unearthed so far belong to the 15-16th century AD.\"The discovery of these structural remains will help us collect additional information about the layout of Champaner city. There is already a palace structure (known as Maratha Mahal), adjacent to the site where we are carrying out excavations. While we are undertaking conservation of this palace structure, the structural remains excavated now seem to be an extension of this palace structure. This hints that there might be a huge palace complex,\" said Nauriyal.Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park has around 35 ASI protected monuments spread right from the base of Champaner town to Pavagadh hilltop. Since UNESCO declared it as world heritage site in 2004, not many large-scale excavation projects have been conducted at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412586", "title": "Om Puri plays Ashok Kumar kinda sutradhar on TV", "text": "The actor returns to small screen with 'Chal - Shey aur Maat'Remember how veteran actor Ashok Kumar played a sutradhar on the television show Hum Log with an extended epilogue at the end of each episode. Actor Om Puri will be doing something similar on television with the new show ' Chal - Shey aur Maat '.Chal - Shey aur Maat is designed as a suspense-thriller show. Director duo Abbas-Mustan known for their expertise in the genre are the creators and presenters of the show. And to take it a step further, the makers have got Om Puri to play a sutradhar. \"Om Puri will give a recap of the episode in his inimitable baritone and also add to the element of mystery\", says a source associated with the show.Years ago, Om Puri did a lot of television on Doordarshan and is known for his quality work in shows like Bharat Ek Khoj and Kakkaji Kahin . More recently he lent his voice occasionally to serials like Phulwa and Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12409040", "title": "AAI cracks its whip on errant airport staff", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to re-instill discipline among the heavily unionized staff, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) has decided to crack down on errant employees. Officials in the organization, that manages 125 airports across the country, said an order has been issued to weed out inefficient or errant employees of over 50 years of age by premature retirement.The action is expected to impact Kolkata airport most as executives have been unable to discipline inefficient staff as they enjoy the protection of the union that is extremely strong here. No other airport in India receives so many complaints from passengers on shabby maintenance of lounges and toilets and rude staff behavior.\"Let's face it, we have a problem with the staff. It's not as though everyone is inefficient or undisciplined. But a few bad apples spoil the entire basket. The problem is particularly acute in Kolkata where the union has always been very dominant,\" an AAI official said.Till now, action could not be taken against the errant employees as the management feared agitation by union would cripple services at the airport. But that has now changed with the human resource department issuing a circular that sites rule 12(5) of AAI (General Conditions of Service &amp; Remuneration of Employees) Regulations, 2003 to prematurely retire inefficient and undisciplined staff. A five-member committee has been formed with the airport director as chairperson to review the performance of employees up to the post of senior manager who have already crossed 50 years.\"Any organization's performance is directly linked to the efficiency of its employees. With the government laying emphasis on quantitative performance of central public sector enterprises like AAI, the rule has been invoked to identify and retire staff who are either inefficient or of doubtful integrity or medically unfit,\" the official said.It is the poor work ethics of the staff that has prompted the AAI management to hand over the maintenance of the new integrated terminal at Kolkata airport to private companies.Dipankar Ghosh, the regional secretary of Airports Authority Employees' Union (AAEU), acknowledges that the interest of the organization has not always been a priority for the staff. \"A union's role is not just to demand sops from the management but also to guide employees in adopting better work ethics. Unfortunately, most unions are wanting in that front and AAEU is no exception,\" he said.Though Ghosh claims to have tried to encourage better work culture, he candidly admits it has been an arduous task. \"It is not just the non-executive staff here. I feel the management is also responsible for failing to supervise the work. If those in supervisory posts are inefficient and shirk work, how can one expect subordinates to perform?\" he questioned.As for losing out on the opportunity to work in a world-class terminal, he concurred that the AAI staff had failed to acquire the requisite skills for maintaining a modern facility like the integrated terminal. \"The management should have trained its own employees. And we should have displayed more enthusiasm,\" he said, hoping that at least some of the 1,000-odd non-executive staff will get to work in the new environment.But there is no denying the fear that many will be transferred to other airports once all airlines shift their operations to the new terminal by September.Pradeep Sikdar, secretary of rival Airports Authority Staff &amp; Workers' Union (AASWU), doesn't blame the management. Instead, he accuses the lack of foresight and narrow interest of AAEU leaders for the current apathy of the staff.\"The work culture in the state has been systematically destroyed. Nepotism is rampant. When the union encourages permanent staff to shirk duty while contractual staff does work, one is inviting trouble. Most of the housekeeping staff work only for an hour and then claim overtime. As a result, lobbies are ill-maintained and toilets dirty. AAEU is solely responsible for the ill-repute of Kolkata airport. The union has miserably failed the staff,\" Sikdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413366", "title": "No bikini scene in Housefull2: Asin", "text": "Asin claims that Housefull2 is a complete family entertainer.Sajid Khan's last film Housefull featured three hotties Lara Dutta , Deepika Padukone and Jiah Khan in bikinis. This time around one expected the filmmaker to add more skin-show and glam to the sequel but Sajid has acted otherwise. He has made Housefull2 a pure family entertainer.Unlike his earlier film, Housefull2 will be a fun, family drama with no skin show. We spoke to Housefull 2 lead actress Asin who confirmed that there is indeed no bikini scene in the film.Asin said, \"There's no bikini scene, at least not this time. We were not required to wear a two-piece because the story didn't demand it at all. None of us will be seen in a bikini. The movie is more catered to family audiences than the first one was.\"Aisn added, \"Housefull2 is all about fathers and daughters, and friendship between four guys. It would be weird for a girl to be seen wearing a bikini in front of her dad. People assumed that the movie would have a bikini scene considering the fact that first Houseful had a few of those. But no, it's not happening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409909", "title": "Walkers spread civil defence word", "text": "BANGALORE: Hundreds of residents from JC Nagar, RT Nagar and Indiranagar hit the road on Sunday morning to spread awareness on security and safety issues. Two hundred participants, comprising schoolchildren, college students, residents and volunteers of the Civil Defence Organization, took part in the 4-km JC Nagar to RT Nagar leg of the walk.The programme aimed to enroll volunteers for the organization and get residents involved in the well-being of their neighborhood. \"The objective is to build a prepared citizenry through emergency and neighbourhood safety measures. The walk is also to make people familiar with law-keeping bodies, apart from other organizations ,\" said Cheryl Rebello, divisional warden, JC Nagar and RT Nagar Civil Defence.The walk began at 8.30am from JC Nagar police station and traversed through Jayamahal , Benson Town, Marappa Garden, Matadahalli, Rahamatnagar , RT Nagar Main Road before culminating at RT Nagar police station. 150 persons took part in the Indiranagar leg of the walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12408442", "title": "Technical glitches mar film festival", "text": "NASHIK: After a moderate response on the first day and an almost empty theatre on the second day of the Fourth Nashik International Film Festival (NIFF), the response on the third day was comparatively good, but for technical glitches.NIFF, which started on March 23 at Cinemax theatre, City Centre Mall, could not garner the expected response and many complained of mismanagement and technical glitches.The first day saw a moderate response, with alleged mismanagement and chaos. On the second day, the theatre that screened the films was almost empty. On Sunday, the third and final day of the festival, the crowd was comparatively good but technical problems disappointed the audience. \"During the screening of films, many hung and the audience had to wait for the problem to be sorted out,\" said a member of the audience.\"CDs of most film-makers did not play smoothly. The films were later copied onto a computer and screened. My film got delayed by half an hour,\" said a city-based film-maker. An NIFF volunteer said every film-maker had copied films in different formats on CDs and the computer could not read all.NIFF advisor and ad guru Prahlad Kakkar agreed there was mismanagement and there were also many technical hurdles.\"The three-day film festival was a bit confusing and mismanaged. But it is expected in such festivals,\" he said.Admitting there were many glitches, he said, \"This should not happen at a festival of this stature. There were screenings of so many short films and the gap between screenings was too long. Normally, film-makers are told to submit two DVDs but here only one was sought. The DVD that was screened was also shown to the jury and the same was used for a shorter version at the award function. The DVDs get scratches in this affects quality. Also, rather than showing films on separate DVDs, the films should have been copied onto the hard disk of the computer and then screened. This would have avoided hassles,\" said Kakkar.The concluding function at Sula Vineyards that was to begin at 6.30pm on Sunday was delayed by one-and-a-half hours as the stage was being set up when the programme was to begin.Actors Manoj Kumar and Govinda, whose names were used to promote the festival, did not make it to the fin-al event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410053", "title": "Four killed in road mishap", "text": "VARANASI: Four persons, including two women and a child, were killed while eight others sustained serious injuries when a truck rammed into MUV near Sant Paramhans Gate in Mirsadpur area under Badlapur police station in Jaunpur district on Sunday.According to reports, the family of Lalta Singh, a native of Dhanecha village under Labhua police station in Sultanpur district, were going to Mirzapur district to offer prayers at Vindhyachal temple. When they were passing through Badlapur, a truck rammed into their vehicle near Sant Paramhans Gate.Four persons including MUV's driver Suresh (30), Asha Devi (65), Hema (26) and Harsh (2) died on the spot. Other injured persons, Moni (26), Rashmi (30), Divya (17), Santosh (38), Sanjiv (38), Sandeep (35), Tripti (10) and truck driver Gulab (40) were rushed to hospital. Police have seized the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408572", "title": "Clashing dates leave aspirants confused", "text": "LUCKNOW: The recent announcement pertaining to Combined Pre Medical Test (CPMT) 2012 by Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University has left the medical aspirants in lurch. The exam which is scheduled to be held June 3 is clashing with the MBBS Common Entrance Test of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIU), New Delhi.\"We had already filled up the forms for GGSIU long time ago. In such a situation, when both the exams are falling on the same day, it is impossible to appear in both the exams,\" said Alok Verma, an aspirant.Another candidate, Chinmay Pandey lamented that the problem with GGSIU is that they don't have any other centre. \"We will have to travel to Delhi to appear for the exam. In that case, it is obvious that we miss out on CPMT,\" said Chinmay.It was on Saturday that the medical university formally announced the schedule for CPMT 2012. \"Since the examination schedule for CPMT has come after GGSIU, we request the concerned authorities to look into the matter and help the medical aspirants,\" said Ved Prakash, another candidate.The worried students also said that more than 90% students who appear for CPMT also fill up the form for GGSIU. This year, around 70,000 candidates are expected to take the CPMT exam.CSMMU spokesperson Prof Abbas Mahdi said, \"We had already declared the test dates in January. The final announcement came on Saturday. Since all entrance tests are to be held on a Sunday, it becomes obvious that the dates will clash. Students who have filled up the GGSIU forms can take the CPMT entrance exam at our Ghaziabad centre.\"To note, the preliminary common entrance test for MBBS in GGSIU will be held on May 12 followed by the main examination scheduled on June 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407688", "title": "Commuters demand bus services between Mount, Velachery Road", "text": "CHENNAI: It has been two years since the 5km stretch between St Thomas Mount and Velachery Main Road opened. Residents along this stretch, which covers nearly half a dozen newly-merged areas with Greater Chennai, want the Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) to start services here.Sources in MTC said they do not have enough buses to operate in the stretch and other interior areas in southern suburbs of the city. The lack of share autorickshaws and mini-autos compounds the residents' problems.\"Due to lack of buses here, travelling from my house at Adambakkam to Guindy has been a Herculean task. It is worse than going to my office in Anna Salai from Guindy. Either I have to take my bike or travel in an autorickshaw. Both are expensive options,\" said K Santosh, a resident in Adambakkam.Formed part of the southern sector of the Inner Ring Road (IRR), the four-lane stretch between St Thomas and Velachery that connects GST Road with the IT Corridor via Velachery Main Road was opened for vehicular traffic in February 2010 at a cost of Rs 130 crore. But, only private vehicles ply on the stretch.\"The stretch was built to provide better connectivity to MRTS station at Velachery from residential areas. Diverting some of the buses by MTC to the stretch would be a big relief for thousands of residents,\" said V Ramarao, a social activist in Nanganallur.At present, only two buses (M18C: Kilkattalai-Pammal, M50: Ambattur to Alandur) pass through the stretch, but do not halt as there are no bus stops. As a result, commuters from Alandur, Thillaiganga Nagar, Adambakkam, Puzhuthivakkam, Vannavampettai and Velachery have to travel on their vehicles or have to walk to Medavakkam Main Road to board a bus.Apart from residents, hundreds of litigants, who come to the combined court complex at Alandur, have to walk from Kathipara junction to reach the court and vice versa. \"Repeated petitions were made to MTC officials for over an year to run buses and have bus stops along the stretch. Judges too have written to MTC to have a bus stop in front of the court. But, the situation has not changed,\" said B Bala Amuthanathan, president, Alandur Lawyers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410064", "title": "Snail's pace may delay Bhelupur substation", "text": "VARANASI: The pace of construction of pillars to support foundation for erecting towers of high transmission overhead wires across the Ganga in Samneghat in very slow. It is also indicative of delay in the start of first 220/33 KV power substation in the city.The Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) had raised hopes for the completion of the work by the end of current business plan (2011-12). However, as the financial year ends on March 31, it is doubtful that the much-awaited power substation would start by the end of this year.It may be mentioned here that the start of construction of pillars for installing towers for carrying overhead cables from 220 KV Sahupuri power substation had begun after the monsoon season in November, 2011. The start of the work was done as part of establishment of 220/33 KV substation in Bhelupur, a move that also promised to bring relief from dwindling power supply in the region. While the construction of towers for the mega project (worth over Rs 100 crore) is considered to be the final frontier to be crossed before the much awaited power substation becomes a reality, the work raised hopes for completion of the project that has already lingered for over three years, after getting started in July 2008.It is also worth mentioning that power department had initially set the target to complete the project within two years. The PVVNL was also hoping that completion of the work by September 2010 would bring improvement in the power supply in most parts of the city especially cis-Varuna areas.However, the work was delayed due to objections raised by forest department for installing towers in the Ganga for the project as the area fell under the Tortoise Sanctuary, a protected area between Rajghat and Ramnagar on a stretch of around seven kilometres in the city.The work could only start after receiving green signal from Kashi Wildlife Division.\"The construction of two towers across the Ganga hold key to making the much-awaited Bhelupur power substation operational. The pace at which the work began had raised hopes of construction of towers by March 31 so that the power substation could become functional by April this year. However, other factors including UP assembly elections delayed the construction work, but we still hope that it would gain momentum to bolster the start of the power substation in the city,\" said ML Sharma, chief engineer (distribution), PVVNL.As per reports of PVVNL office, while the two towers would be used to carry high power transmission cables from 220 KV Sahupuri station, each of them would be constructed on the banks of the Ganga, one near Samneghat and other near Ramnagar area. Other works like laying of underground power cables from Samneghat to Bhelupur and installation of power transformers to make the substation operational have been already completed. Similarly, the work of establishing switch yard and other necessary equipments at Samneghat would also gather momentum once the towers are installed.Meanwhile, the PVVNL office has also come up with new rostering schedule, giving relief to the students preparing for examinations. As per reports of the office , the district is scheduled to get uninterrupted power supply between 6 pm to 10 pm. This assured power supply is as per instructions of Lucknow control in the light of ongoing examinations of CBSE, ICSE and UP Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408029", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence wants human rights panel order set aside", "text": "MUMBAI: The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has approached the Bombay high court to set aside Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission's former chairperson Kshitij Vyas's order against two of its senior officers.The commission had said DRI officers, assistant director C Jagiasi and senior intelligence officer D S Mehta, \"clearly exceeded lawful powers of investigation by resorting to torture and also hurt religious feelings\" of a suspect in a high-end SUV import scam and recommended strict departmental action against the two.The DRI said the commission \"violated legal procedures\". It said that though the order has been signed by two members, only Vyas had heard a complaint of alleged torture and religious bias, filed by Mohinderpal Singh Gujral. He was arrested by the DRI last June.The DRI said that both the officers are conducting a painstaking probe into the all-India scam whose progress will be adversely impacted by the SHRC order.Gujral, the DRI added, is an associate and nephew of one of the operators of the racket, Jang Bahadur Singh Gujral alias Jangi. Jangi had allegedly helped import 12 high-end SUVs through benami transactions and violated customs duties worth crores. He operated from Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Tughlakabad airports and his alleged role was to finance import of these vehicles, some of which were stolen abroad, in the names of third parties.The modus operandi included identification of vulnerable NRIs, arranging their passports for clearing cars under transfer of residence facility-where used cars are allowed to be imported at concessional duty rates for those returning to the country for good. The DRI found that cash was being deposited in fictitious bank accounts and in one case found 89 such accounts at the Union Bank of India, at Null Bazaar in Mumbai.Gujral alleged that the officers cut his beard. As \"proof\" he showed a photo of his cut beard. The commission agreed with him that a single bruise on his arm was due to illegal torture and said that cutting a beard \"violated human dignity of a Sikh\". The DRI said that the bruise was present before they arrested him. He did not complain of this abuse before the magistrate, said the DRI and also questioned the authenticity of the photo.The DRI said that another person related to Jangi had filed a writ petition in 2009 before the Delhi high court to claim one of the vehicles it had seized. The Bombay HC is likely to hear the petition soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408352", "title": "Battery-operated cars to ply within Nalsarovar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Battery-operated cars will now bring tourists closer to Nalsarovar lake, one of the biggest wetlands in the state which sees a slew of migratory birds.The cars , provided by the forest department and the district collectorate, aims to reduce noise near the lake so that the birds are not disturbed. They will also help in providing a pollution-free environment.The rattling eight-seater shuttle rickshaws were a major disturbance for the birds, often scaring them away as soon as one approached the lake. \"The new vehicles are good, both for the birds, and the surroundings,\" said T R M Prasad, chief conservator of forests, Gandhinagar.Prasad said that for the past few months no tourist was allowed to take vehicles inside the sanctuary. A parking area had been provided two kilometers away from the lake. A nominal fee will be charged for the battery-operated vehicle.Sources say that the real reason behind banning entry of vehicles was interference from the locals who were creating a nuisance late in the night. The local youths would race within the sanctuary creating disturbance for the birds.Officials said that hence it was decided to stop the entry of all types of private vehicles inside. They added that locals are against the forest department as it has stopped them from selling food items at the various islets situated within the lake. The Ahmedabad collector has instead made arrangements for food stalls at the banks of the lake.The forest department had as a stop-gap arrangement decided to use eight-seater rickshaws but this was creating more disturbance. \"We had sent a requisition to the state government for battery-operated three-wheelers to ply near Nalsarovar.Now the eight-seater rickshaws, which were used to ferry passengers, will be stopped,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12410202", "title": "MLA furious over sale of 'free' books", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Furious over the sale of books meant for free distribution, in the national book fair, local MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat has decided to raise the issue at the assembly on Monday.STOI, in its March 25 edition , published a narrative under heading \"Free books on sale at Lohardaga fair\" on page no 3. \"The matter is serious if the books meant for free distribution, were being sold in the fair. Apart from cheating people, the sellers are misleading the people by giving wrong information about the leading figure of the state. On the cover page of the book, Arjun Munda , the present chief minister of the state, has been shown as the welfare minister and Babulal Marandi , who is now the opposition leader, has been shown as the present CM. The motive behind this is still unknown and the book carries no clear date of publication. A common man who purchased the book can get confused,\" said the MLA.All the welfare department books that were put on sale by Pushtak Mela Samiti, in the fair, were removed from the stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410017", "title": "Making a difference", "text": "Ishika Seal, a student of class X, is empowering children of sex workers through teaching. Aaditi Isaac reportsIgnoring the occasional dirty glances from her family and friends, Ishika Seal, a student of class X of La Martiniere for Girls, Kolkata, travels to the redlight areas in Kolkata, every Saturday and Sunday, to teach the children of sex-workers .\"The real transformation took place when I accompanied my mother while in class VIII, to meet the children. That single meeting changed a lot of things. When I met the children, I realised how society had deprived them, and that someone needed to spend time with them,\" she says.Seal not only teaches English, maths, science and Bharatnatyam to the children, she also tries to instil in them the hope for a better future.\"The first time I prepared for a class, I was so nervous that I remember making my mom sit in front of me and go through the lesson twice. I was young when I started teaching and it took the children some time to accept me as their teacher, but eventually everything worked out well,\" she says with a smile.Talking about the challenges, Seal says that giving individual attention to students sometimes becomes an issue.\"I teach 30 children and sometimes it becomes hard for me to give individual attention to the children. Then, there is this issue of time constraint,\" she says. Teaching, says Seal, has helped her get a perspective of life and today she appreciates what she has.\"When the children tell me that they want to study, get out of this place, work and live a better, normal life, I feel I must help them in whatever way I can,\" she says. Seal is one of the finalists at the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012, which recognises students for their efforts in serving others through community service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414448", "title": "Rahman gets another song for Kochadaiyaan", "text": "Lyricist Vairamuthu said that AR Rahman was at his residence to fetch a song for Kochadaiyaan. Vairamuthu revealed that the Oscar winner wanted one more song to be recorded and hence arrived personally to get it.The lyricist also revealed that Rahman flew down to London with the lyrics immediately. It may be mentioned here that the shooting of Kochadaiyaan is happening at the Pinewood Studios in London with the entire team camped there. Radhika Sarath Kumar confirmed Rahman's presence in London and said that they had a wonderful dinner discussing various issues.Kochadaiyaan is directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth. Rajinikanth, Sarath Kumar, Aadhi, Deepika Padukone and others play the lead roles in this film. KS Ravi Kumar is in-charge of the story, screenplay and dialogues.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410082", "title": "Fund paucity hits Jaipur Development Authority's drainage plan", "text": "JAIPUR: The city residents would continue to face inconvenience due to water logging and poor road conditions this monsoon season, too, as the mini drainage plan prepared by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has been hit by paucity of funds.The JDA engineer wing has recently drawn Rs 200 crore mini drainage plan after compiling a report submitted by different zones. However, given at the present financial condition, the JDA will be unable to take up the work. \"Due to financial constraints, the complete work of repairing the drainages in the city is not possible. We will soon chalk out the budget to repair drainage on important points and propose it in JDA budget meeting next month,\"JDA chief engineer Lalit Sharma said.According to the official sources, it's very necessary to have proper drainage system in the city as just after the previous monsoon and the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas huge investment was made to repair the city roads. \"Around Rs 190 crore has been spent to repair the city roads. In the absence of proper drainage plans, there are possibilities the roads might get damaged again,\" and official said.Also last year, the JDA had to face strong criticism during monsoon as the city roads got damaged frequently and officials blamed it on improper drainage.The civic authorities are struggling hard to have a proper drainage system in the city since long, however, it always hit due to financial crises. In 2007, the JMC had drawn a drainage plan of Rs 1,200 crore for the city. The plan was sent to the Central government to seek funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12408210", "title": "Four killed in separate accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons were killed in various road accidents in Coimbatore district on Saturday. Police said P Sivaraman alias Ramakrishnan (35), of Perurchettipalayam, was riding pillion on a bike with his friend A Babu alias Syed Ibrahim (39), of Sugunapuram in Kuniyamuthur, on Saturday. They went to Machampalayam near Sundarapuram for buying grocery items including rice. Around 1.15pm, when the duo was retuning home, Syed Ibrahim drove the bike rashly and dashed against a wall. Sivaraman fell down from the bike and sustained injuries and died on the spot. The duo bought the rice for distribution to mark the death anniversary of their friend.In the second incident, M Deva Karunyam (60) of Chettipalayam, a retired police head constable, died near Arugampalayam near Annur on Saturday. Police said after retirement, he was working as a private security guard. Karunyam died when a driver's cabin door of a speeding tipper lorry fell on his head while he walking on the road.In yet another incident, a 52-year-old farmer was killed in an accident at Karamadai on Saturday. Police said G Kandasamy, of Maniakarar street in Karamadai, was knocked down by a private bus at Gandhi Nagar on Saturday. He was walking on the road when the mishap occurred. The speeding bus lost its control and dashed against a motorcycle. The riders A Mohammed Nazar (34) and A Mohammed Ali (36) of Kuniyamuthur jumped off from the motorcycle and escaped in the accident. They sustained minor injuries. Karamadai police have registered a case and the investigation is on.In another accident, K Nataraj (45) of Kallapalayam died after a car hit his moped on the Chettipalayam to Palladam Road at Sulur on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12410127", "title": "Weatherman forecasts blistering summer", "text": "SURAT: Mercury is rising in the city with each passing day. And, if experts are to be believed, south Gujarat may experience desert-like heat despite relatively more green cover in the region.Temperatures are already hovering around 40 degrees celsius.Talking to TOI, professor Mahesh Desai, a known expert on weather from SVNIT, said, \"By this time, we should have passed from the direct sun rays effects and things should have cooled down, but it has not happened. This heat should have passed on to Delhi and northern parts and Ahmedabad should have been much hotter at this particular time.\"\"This is happening because Delhi temperatures are still low and one feels the chill in the evening and night time. South-west wind is developing from the sea but is not flowing through and progress. As a result, this heat wave is not progressing as it should,\" said Desai.Desai claims that the sea wind is not progressing due to changed crop patterns of the region. Cash crops like sugarcane and others are standing tall and green around Surat city, making atmosphere cooler there. This intensifies heat in the concrete urban space.\"This is the effect of climate change and we are likely to face severe summer this time,\" said an official from the local weather department.\"Actually, you don't feel much heat if the humidity percentage is about 50 but when you have almost dry atmosphere with 15-25% humidity, heat will be scorching,\" added Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12409996", "title": "Railway blocks upset Sunday travels of commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway's jumbo block on Sunday between Santa Cruz and Mumbai Central stations, and the shutdown of the Harbour line between Bandra and Wadala stations for five hours upset the travel plans of several commuters.Frequency of trains was disturbed due to the maintenance work on the Up slow line between Santa Cruz and Mumbai Central from 10.35am to 3.35pm. On Harbour line, both Up and Down locals between Mumbai CST and Bandra /Andheri were suspended between 10.48am and 4.05pm. Passengers travelled from CST to Dadar and then changed trains for Bandra/Andheri. But crowds at some stations on WR were more than usual.Some suburban trains were cancelled on the WR. \"The block has upset our travel plans,\" said Vikas Bhattacharya, a Vakola resident. \"All 12-car slow services took a double halt at Khar Road and Mahim,\" said WR chief PRO Sharat Chandrayan. On the Harbour line between CST and Vashi, the block was carried out from Masjid to Kurla between 10.43 am and 3.58 pm. \"The Up Harbour services from Panvel / Belapur/Vashi towards CST were diverted via main line (Central) after,\" said PRO V Chandrasekar. There was also a block on the Up fast line between Kalyan and Thane from 11.30am to 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408032", "title": "Government to do a lot more in higher edu: Shahi", "text": "PATNA: The overall scenario in higher education has undergone a sea change in Bihar during the past seven years under the supervision of CM Nitish Kumar. Despite many hiccups, the state government is committed to improving higher education in the state.Investment in education has become a must to maintain an ideal atmosphere in educational institutions, said state education minister P K Shahi.Shahi, who was speaking at an inaugural function of the national seminar of the botany department at B D College here on Sunday, said that the government has to do a lot more in higher education field.\"Sincere efforts are going on to provide the basic required infrastructure at each college in the state. The government has earmarked Rs 3,000 crore in the current fiscal for spending on education only,\" he said, adding the state has been pooling resources from foreign countries as well to meet the requirements of higher education. Shahi admitted that the condition of universities in Bihar has not been satisfactory now. Even then the state government has been working hard to fulfill the basic requirements, particularly for higher education, in the state.There has been acute paucity of faculty members in universities and colleges. Students have lost interest in studying science or general subjects at college and university level. They prefer vocational or career-oriented courses. However, this is a temporary stage, he said.Lauding the efforts of B D College for imparting teaching in many subjects including vocational courses, Shahi assured the college of full cooperation of the state government for its further expansion and development.Earlier, college principal B N Ojha welcomed the guests and urged Shahi to provide at least Rs 4 crore to the college as financial assistance so that it could further improve infrastructure to cater to the needs of poor students. Besides, the college is urgently in need of a girls' hostel as a large number of girls from outside Patna have been studying here, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409426", "title": "Congress hits out at Team Anna for levelling 'baseless' charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday retaliated against Team Anna's tirade against Union ministers, accusing them of labeling \"baseless\" charges.Hazare and his associates' fresh demand to act against 14 senior Cabinet ministers left the ruling party fuming.\"If they have any proof against anyone, they are free to lodge police complaint,\" AICC spokesman Rashi Alvi said when asked about Team Anna's corruption charges against Cabinet ministers.\"It is very unfortunate that he is making any kind of allegations against ministers. Just making baseless allegations against anyone is not right,\" Alvi said.This marks fresh round of battle between Congress-led UPA government and anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare and his associates over a strong Lokpal bill.While the ruling party attacked Team Anna for making unsubstantiated allegations the ministers, Congress said the government is committed to a strong anti-corruption watchdog and making efforts to create a consensus among all political outfits.\"We got the Lokpal bill passed in Lok Sabha and the government is making all efforts to get it cleared in the Rajya Sabha,\" Alvi told TOI.\"The government is committed to a strong Lokpal but it is for Parliament to decide what kind of law has to be made,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409855", "title": "This road leaves people breathless", "text": "BANGALORE: Life is a rough ride for residents and officials working in Richmond Road area. The commute from Trinity Circle to Hosmat Hospital junction is a nightmare. The road tattered and broken for almost a year now has seen people breaking bones and suffering from breathing problems caused by loose gravel and dust.What led to the road's pathetic state? BWSSB had undertaken drainage and sewerage works and laying of water pipes after which the BBMP had to repair the road. While BWSSB said it has deposited money with the Palike, the latter says no one is prepared to take up tenders for roadrelaying . Residents of the area now ask: \"Where has the BWSSB money gone?\"BBMP chief engineer (East) KS Krishnaswamy who is responsible for overseeing road work told TOI: \"BWSSB may have submitted documents for transfer of money, but the actual transfer itself hasn't happened. After transfer, approval of the project, calling for tenders and finally handing out the contract are yet to happen. Approximately, it may take another month and a half for the project to be executed.'' Caught in between, residents continue to suffer. Dr Ajith Benedict Rayan , vice-president , hospital administration , Hosmat Hospital, told TOI: \"Richmond Road is a death trap. The entire stretch from Trinity Circle to Hosmat junction is lying unrepaired for a year now. Ambulances from Kolar and Chintamani have a tough time coming via Trinity Circle to our hospital. I urge the city corporation to quickly repair the road to save precious lives.\"Echoing Rayan's views, Alexandar Abraham, leadership trainer and resident of Four Seasons Apartments, said: \"The road is uneven, broken and very dusty. We have complained several times, but no one seems to be keen on repairs.\" It's worse for traffic sub-inspector HM Muni Channappa who travels by this road daily as part of his work. He said: \"I have skidded and fallen twice, suffering minor bruises. On two-wheelers , the ride is back-breaking . The dust burns the eyes and affects breathing. We have lodged several complaints but there has been no response.\"Anil Sahai, president of Century Park with nearly 100 apartments, said: \"The area is too dusty raising health concerns. The road has sunk and there have been many accidents. How can such a pathetic situation persist?\" Sahai added: \"We had set up meetings with the BBMP commissioner twice, but they were called off for unspecified reasons. The local MLA has inspected the road several times and has met residents. He has promised to bring the BBMP commissioner to the area.''The apartment complex next to Century, Express Apartments, has 36 flats with top officials of many private companies living there. Director of Hosmat Hospital Dr Thomas Chandy lives on the nearby Ratna Avenue and has participated in residents' meetings. Former ambassador to Iraq Peter Sinai is also a resident of the area. Sahai and Express Apartments president Sharath Kaul plan to ask the local MLA if he can get them an appointment with the BBMP commissioner and possibly, city development minister R Ashoka. \"If we fail in these attempts, we will shame the authorities, block the road and play cricket on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12407629", "title": "Building flouting norms near Meenakshi temple may go", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has embarked on a building regularisation drive around the world famous Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple. The buildings that have violated norms are also facing the threat of partial demolition.Driven by a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court and the subsequent instruction from the district administration, the civic body has issued show cause notices to 790 buildings that have been constructed in violation of norms on height of the buildings around the temple. A government order passed in 1997 has prohibited construction of buildings more than a height of nine metres in the four Masi streets encompassing about one km radius around the heritage structure. The notice seeks explanation from the owners of the buildings for the violation and why action should not be taken against them.\"We have started issuing the show cause notices to the building owners. A decision on demolition of the buildings that have violated the norms is yet to be taken. After receiving explanation from the owners, we would submit it in the court and act as per the court orders,\" said Arumuga Nainar, commissioner (in-charge), Madurai city corporation.Some of the buildings that are found to violate the height norm were built even before the government order was passed. The buildings include both commercial and residential structures. But all these years the civic body has turned a blind eye towards these violations.On December 3, a PIL was filed in the Madurai bench seeking to enforce the GO without delay. Elaborating the significance of the temple, the PIL stated that the original temple was built by Kulasekara Pandyan but was ruined. The plan for the current temple structure was laid by Viswanath Naik and was completed by Tirumalai Nayakar and the Aadi, Chittirai, Masi and Veli streets surrounding the temple were established. The temple's main 'gopuram', as well as the four 'gopurams' in each direction, were adorned with exquisite carvings and sculptures and gold-plated 'vimanams'. Hence, the pilgrims had wanted to see the panoramic view and beauty of the 'gopurams'.The PIL said that the 'gopuram' and 'vimanam' were seen without any distraction even from a long distance. But in the recent decades, unauthorised constructions had emerged hindering the panoramic view.The police in fact have objected to high-rise buildings in the vicinity of the temple on security grounds, but the buildings were not removed. The civic body has sought the reply in a week from the violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408614", "title": "Woman dies of H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 55-year-old woman from Lonikand died of swine flu in Pimpri on Sunday, becoming the ninth victim in Pune district and the third in Pimpri-Chinchwad in the last 11 days.Rukmini Pandurang Raut had been fighting the infection and was on ventilator support for 17 days, \"She died at 10.55 am on March 25,\" said Kishore Jawale, medical officer of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. Raut also had Interstitial lung disease, the doctors said.Raut had developed symptoms of fever and cough from March 5. She initially consulted a neighbourhood doctor but the treatment didn't help. She developed breathlessness from March 6, following which she came to Pimpri and consulted a private practitioner, who in turn referred her to Global multispeciality hospital in Kalewadi on March 7.\"Her condition deteriorated and she was taken on ventilator support on March 8. The throat swab sent for testing to a private designated lab on March 10 showed her positive for the pandemic H1N1 influenza on March 12. The doctors had started administering her Tamiflu even before the report revealed her positive,\" Jawale said.Meanwhile, the condition of five critically ill swine flu patients - four in Pune and one in Pimpri-Chinchwad - remains unchanged. The number of swine flu infected people so far in Pune is 112 and 14 in Pimpri-Chinchwad, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412728", "title": "Night shelters for city\u2019s homeless", "text": "GUWAHATI: Homeless people of the city will get some relief with the state social welfare department planning to construct eight night homes for them. After developing eight such homes with funds to the tune of Rs 80 lakh, the social welfare department have now started picking the homeless begging in front of temples and streets.The department, which launched a mission to make the city free of the shelterless last year, is now in the process of shifting the homeless these homes. \"We have started to pick up the homeless from various parts of the city. On February 13, many beggars who used to live on the pavement in front of the Sukreshwar temple in Pan Bazar have been put into these shelters developed and renovated by the social welfare department. Till date, 37 homeless people have been brought to these shelters,\" said Hemi Bora, district social welfare officer, Kamrup.She said the department's next target is to provide shelter to those living near the Hanuman temple in Lachit Nagar and in Kamakhya temple area.\"We are also bearing the expenditure for buying food for them. Though it was a challenge to bring them to these homes, we convinced them that the government is with them. A physician is looking after these homeless people and our department is planning to give then jobs like that of the rickshaw pullers and cooks,\" Bora said.The department would shift the aged homeless people to its old age home in Bamunigaon in Kamrup district. She informed that the department has arranged artificial limbs for two physically disabled persons recently brought to one of the shelters.The NGOs selected by the social welfare department for this purpose in the city are - Eastern People Community Participation, North Voluntary Association of Rural Development, Yuva Niwas Santha, Snehalaya, Assam Sewa Samity, Indian Council of Child Welfare, Society for Socio Economic Development for Rural and Urban Community and Golaghat Nirman Mohila Got.We have started to pick up the homeless from various parts of the city. Till date, 37 homeless people have been brought to these shelters, developed and renovated by the social welfare department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409348", "title": "Murderers nabbed even before case was registered", "text": "NAGPUR: Former aides joined hands to eliminate a 28-year-old man, who himself has several criminal records, at Tulsi Nagar on Saturday. Sanjay Gajbhiye was stabbed by former close aides who were nabbed even before police could reach the murder spot.Luck ran out for Shivshankar Chakraborty and Rajesh Naik, remanded to police custody till March 27, as they walked into the hands of the cops even before investigation into their alleged act of the murder had begun. Police said that Naik, Chakraborty and Gajbhiye had once teamed up to rob and steal. Like Gajbhiye, Naik too had offences against him.Gajbhiye had borrowed Rs 3,000 from Naik for treatment of his pregnant wife. Naik now wanted the money back. This often led to arguments between the two where they issued threats and warnings to each other.Insecure about Gajbhiye's plan, police said Naik plotted the murder. Spotting Gajbhiye near a chowk on Saturday night at about 10.30 pm, Naik urged Chakraborty to keep him engaged in conversation while he rushed back home to fetch a knife. Taking Gajbhiye by surprise, Naik unleashed an attack on him with it. Chakraborty is learnt to have sprinkled chilli powder on Gajbhiye when he tried to escape and Naik dealt a few blows killing him on the spot.Nandanvan police had rushed out on being informed of murder but was fortunate to have cracked it even before they could reach the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12408725", "title": "Norway kids\u2019 mom leaves for India", "text": "KOLKATA: The mother of two Indian kids, who Norwegian child care agency had placed under foster care due to lack of parental care last year, has left for India after signing an agreement along with her husband to hand over their custody to their uncle, family sources said. Sagarika Chakraborty is expected to reach Kolkata on Monday after she left Norway two days earlier.Officials allayed fears that Chakraborty's return would complicate the custody battle of the kids - Abhigyan (3) and Aishwarya (1). They said that there will be no problem in giving it to the uncle, Arunabhas Bhattacharjee. The child care agency can hand over the custody to Arunabhas once they get the nod from the Indian foreign office. According to the agreement signed on Thursday, the kids father -- Anurup Bhattacharya -- would bear the cost of Abhigyan's treatment for an attachment disorder.The two were handed over to a foster care family after the agency took them away in May 2011, forcing external affairs minister S M Krishna to intervene for them back.Arunabhas, a dentist, went to Norway for getting the custody and has been regularly interacting with the children for the last two months. His visa will expire on April 20. So, it is expected that the child care agency will organize a hearing at a court soon, because it did not hear the matter on Friday due to increased problems between the couple. The kids' visa has been extended along with their father till March 2014.Sagarika's father had alleged that Anurup had driven her out of their home on Wednesday. She was staying at a house of Anurup's friend. Sagarika told TOI before leaving Norway that she had been suffering a lot only for the sake of her children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409526", "title": "Looking for news at Pakistan expo", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While many people turned up at Made in Pakistan expo for shopping, Panchkula resident, S H L Sehni, who was 10 at the time of Partition when his family migrated to India, came here only to meet those who were left behind in 1947. He spent time with Pakistani traders inquiring about his hometown, the old buildings and markets.Before Partition, we used to stay at Campbellpur, which is now Atak. One day when I came from my school, I was shocked to see that the house was empty and my parents had left the house because of Partition. A Muslim family took me to my parents, said Sehni.He said his reason for coming to this expo was to revive old memories. I could not find any body from Atak but I met Zumord Khan who had visited Atak. He told me that it has changed a lot, he added.Sehni and many others like him who migrated to India came to the exhibition to walk down memory lane, talking to people from Pakistan who might be from their city or the locality where they once stayed.A lot of people feel nostalgic when they hear that the product has been made in Rawalpindi or Peshawar . Many had migrated to Indian Punjab and continue to share the emotional bond, said a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12410259", "title": "Milkmen call off six-day strike", "text": "NOIDA: Milkmen and middlemen reconciled their differences on Sunday and decided to call off the strike that had been on since the past six days. Companies had warned that if the strike continued, then Delhi-NCR would have faced shortage of milk in the next couple of days. Milkmen, however, have said that they would strike again and protest in New Delhi if the Centre did not lift the ban on export of milk soon.On Sunday, a meeting was held in which representatives of milkmen, middlemen, milk companies and UP government officials discussed the matter. It was decided that the middlemen would purchase milk from milkmen at Rs 24 per litre and sell it to companies charging one rupee extra for transport.TOI Bulandshahr, ADM Digvijay Singh said if the strike had not ended, then milk supply would have definitely been affected as companies only maintain stock for only one week. \"The root of this issue lies with the central government's policy. Districts administrations or the UP government have limited control over the issue,\" Singh said.The deadlock among milkmen, middlemen and companies had hit supply in some parts of NCR and the districts of Bulandshahr, Mathura, Agra and Aligarh.Milkmen from Aligarh say that many companies are planning to shut their plants in the NCR in summer, so they will be left with excess milk and no buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410083", "title": "India Against Corruption activists stage demonstration", "text": "VARANASI: The activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) staged sit-in at district headquarters in protest against government Lokpal Bill on Sunday. The activists while supporting the day-long hunger strike of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare also supported the tapasya (austerity) of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof. GD Agrawal) for uninterrupted and clean flow of Ganga on the occasion.Raising support for extending protection to whistle blowers who expose corruption, the activists also demanded punishment to people engaged in corrupt malpractices. The speakers also cautioned against ploy of the Central government to pass the Lokpal Bill on the basis of its strength in the Lok Sabha.Flash Mob: The local unit of the Art of Living came up with Flash Mob, the first-ever programme where troop of over 70 dancers, including a population of young as well as old people, participated triggering sudden dance at public place in Sigra area on Sunday. The unit is also participating in 'Yogathon', a marathon of surya namaskara to be performed by people all over the country. The reason behind organising this event was to generate consciousness on a large scale for issues that concern the common people.Awareness Rally: An awareness rally for conservation of environment was organised by B Ed trainees belonging to Department of Education, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth on Sunday. The need for protection of environment was streamlined as the rally passed from Lahartara and Chittupur area to culminate at Bharat Mata Mandir in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410084", "title": "Stage craft", "text": "Even two decades ago, a full-time career in theatre was not viable. Now it is, says Anuradha Kapur, Director, National School of Drama, on the eve of World Theatre Day (March 27)By invitationThere has been a history of theatre obituaries . First with the advent of cinema, and then with the emergence of television . However, theatre has survived it all, and the audience is only growing. What gives theatre its connect with the audience is actors performing live in front of and for the crowd. For people choosing theatre, be it today or 30 years ago, the motivation has remained unchanged. What has changed over time is the fact that theatre is today considered mainstream and a career as an artist is a viable option.India &amp; the worldIn theatre or drama schools across the world, there are multiple specialisations and even schools to choose from, which include children's theatre, physical theatre, community drama, etc. With not many options available in India, the focus here is to try and give students as varied a vocabulary as possible so that they can then choose the area that suits them best. Therefore, the primary focus here is on practice. Practice-oriented institutes adopt an academic strategy of presenting different methodologies of acting, direction, design, etc, so that students have as many vocabularies and working knowledge in the field as possible.What it takesIf one wants to make theatre a profession, one has to go through the rigours of it. One of the first things an arts institute hopes to do is to make students understand that theatre is work.Career optionsToday, actors are beginning to see themselves as the leaders of what they want to do, not necessarily just a part of a project . Hence, besides acting for groups or companies, an independently functioning artist is also a growing trend where actors make their own shows. There has also been a quantum jump in the allied careers in theatre , like lighting , theatre management , which involves running the show; event management, makeup , scenic design , sound design , and costume - opportunities in all of which are growing exponentially. Even two decades ago, a full-time career in theatre was not viable. Now it is. Today there are remunerative careers in theatre.Performance, the new theatreArjun Ghosh, theatre artist, and faculty, department of humanities and social sciences, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi, shares his view on some new trends in the study and practice of theatreAcademically , in the world of theatre, study of performance and drama is catching up as a trend. There are two kinds of performances - one, which is 'the' performance and second, an act in real life, for example, someone playing football.The second kind is a performance, much beyond the stage experience. For example, the recent anticorruption movement led by social activist, Anna Hazare, can be a perfect example of performances, which are in the moment of social change. This is also called political or protest theatre.Performance studies are popular and are being taken up by many theatre students these days. However, nothing much has happened in India in the last five-10 years. Here, theatre as a career option is not lucrative. In contrast, globally, theatre is a viable profession in countries like Italy, France, Britain and Australia. This is because they get a lot of government funding.But, on a brighter side, a lot of exciting work is happening outside the government ambit. Many independent theatre groups are coming up, which besides staging plays also run as training schools and are producing good artists.- As told to Vatsala ShrangiTheatre thrivesCommercial theatre is active in Maharashtra and Gujarat and has a devoted audience. The Mobile Theatre of Assam is one of the most successful urban, commercial theatre movements in India. It has a huge turnover and a handsome salary structure for the lead artists. It is not only economically viable with a huge following but technologically innovative too.TechnologyTechnology in theatre - projection, new media input, lights as installation, is used today to give a different theatre experience. There is also an interesting debate about whether or not technology should be used, and in what measure.What is important is that today, there are increased choices for students. Across the world, there is a lot of traffic between cinema and theatre, which is negligible here. We require repertory companies who can provide opportunities for artists to experiment and help theatre take the next step forward.- As told to Diptiman Dewan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409566", "title": "Dogs define style", "text": "Wagging tails and drooping jaws attracted all the attention at a special dog show organized by the Pet Animal Center (PAC), Panchkula, in collaboration with Shivalik Kennel Club of Panchkula. Around 300 dogs of 27 breeds walked the ramp on Sunday.The prominent participating breeds were golden retriever , pomeranian, Himalayan mastiff, saint bernard, chow-chow, rottweiler , bull terrier, German shepherd , labrador, great dane , Siberian husky , Lhasa apso , Newfoundland, English mastiff, pug, Tibetan mastiff, basset hound , Afghan hound, beagle, dashound, cocker spaniel, miniature pinscher and American cocker.The dog show was special as the dogs, for the first time, came dressed in the finest of designer apparel, adorned in swanky pet ornaments, hats and scarf and walked a ramp, which was prepared on the pattern of fashion shows.While regular dog shows judge canines based on their temperament, agility and looks, based on the standards set by Kennel Club of India (KCI), the leggy contenders were judged in this show based on their appearance.Chief secretary, Haryana, Urvashi Gulati inaugurated the show, while specially trained canines from National Training Centre for Dogs and Animals (NTCDA) enthralled the audience with their acrobatics.In charge of the PAC, Panchkula, and one of the organizers, Dr M R Singla said the purpose of the show was to encourage the pet lovers and to provide them a platform to exhibit their pets personality. I am sure the fashion show for dogs would set a trend and the Tricity has a tendency of making such shows successful, Singla added. Dr A P S Mangat from Ludhiana and A I S Bhinder from Amritsar judged the show.The winnersKulbir Singhs (Khanna) saint bernard was awarded the best dog in the show prize Working category | Kulbir Singh, Khanna Pastoral category | Samir Bhardwaj, Panchkula Toy and gun category | Sulbha Jindal Terrier group | Vishal, Ambala Utility group | Raman Verma, Nakodar Hound category | Jippy, Chandigarh Small toy category | Sangita Dutta, Panchkula Best women handler | Neetu Chaudhary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409752", "title": "Rapid fire questions to check drunk drivers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh traffic police personnel were seen asking unusual questions to vehicle drivers at different locations in the city on late Saturday night, in order to manually check if the drivers were drunk, keeping the alco-meter at bay.Cops inquired people about their work, why does it finish so late, why arent they home by late night, if they are drunk and asked other absurd questions.A long queue of cars (at least a dozen) waited near the traffic light point of sectors 22-35 at around 12.30am on Sunday, as police had put up a barricade to check the drunken drivers who come out late night on city roads.I am standing in a queue at 12.40am, waiting for my turn before the cops. A constable asked many odd questions and told me to wait for vehicle documents to be checked, said Abhishek Bajwa, a call centre employee returning from IT park after work. On Saturday, Chandigarh police changed the timings of weekend check-posts to check drunken driving. Earlier, the barricades were placed at 8.30pm and were lifted by 11.30pm, but on Saturday, the cops set them up at 11pm carrying on the checking until late night.Chandigarh police have already faced flak from various quarters for their practice of manually judging if the vehicle driver is drun or not. Police say they avoid the alco-meter test of all drivers to minimize the harassment.Deputy superintendent of police (traffic) Vijay Kumar said, Check posts have been deployed near nightclubs, hotels and on all major roads. We have changed the timings as most youngsters and hooligans come late out of these clubs on weekends.Official's car impoundedThe ambassador car of a senior HAFED official, driven by his driver Sanjay Singh, was impounded during the drive. Sanjay was drunk and the alcohol content was found to be 236ml. The official was not in the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414589", "title": "Jazz in Goa", "text": "From the very beginning, Goa has been considered the motherland of trance - the reason why it is known worldwide. But a certain few have sworn to make Goa not just trance popular but include the whole music scene as well. Ekaterina Belyakova is one such person.Hailing from St Petersburg, Russia , Ekaterina is the mastermind behind the successful ongoing tour of Jazz 'n' Goa 2012. It is the biggest jazz festival of the season with around 19 performances at various venues throughout the state.\"Goa has always been a centre of diversity visited by music lovers from all over the world with trance being the centre of the music culture here. The image of Goa is mostly associated with Goa-Trance. So, with this festival we start to open a new page of musical history of Goa,\" shares the Jazz music lover who is the main sponsor of the whole event apart from being the director of a well known travel hub as well. \"The festival is organized to initiate an annual Musical Festival that provides a platform to Jazz performers and lovers to come together and promote a new wave of music: Goa-Jazz, that will be the amalgamation of classic Jazz and the traditional ethnic sounds of India,\" she adds.The festival brings in improvised music with the different genres in the genre (Jazz) itself.From classical and modern Jazz, lounge and disco-funk, Brazilian bossa nova to Indo fusion and electronic music with elements of hip-hop, house, trance, acid jazz; all of these comprise the entire festival. Adding on to that, talented musicians from India and Europe have been participating, with guest performers and travelling musicians joining in now and then. Each performance sets the mood for different genres, keeping the whole concept alive and in relation to the place of performance, followed by spontaneous jam sessions.Ask her what got her to begin the journey of 'Jazz n Goa', she fondly answers, \"Having a travel hub of my own, I got to know of tourists who visited the state for some serious music and not the trance. They wanted something more classical.\" With this in mind, she took the opportunity of bringing in some of her Jazz musician friends to perform in the state. \"Back home, I owned a Jazz Club. I got in touch with my friends there, who were more than happy to help me out.\" Garima Tivari, has also been a great part of the event. Apart from organizing the whole festival, she has coordinated with the musicians, the venues and also brought in Jazz lovers together to enjoy this festival.Ekaterina believes that Jazz is about creating something new all the time. \"Everybody thinks that jazz is just classics, but the fact remains that any style of music can be jazz. I believe the level of the musician playing jazz is the highest as they play and at the same time improvise with any style while performing,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12408743", "title": "Sanquelim MLA urged to build three new bridges", "text": "BICHOLIM: Villagers from Sanquelim, Kudnem and Surla have demanded that Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant construct three new bridges in their areas as the existing steel bridges are in a dilapidated condition, endangering their lives.Villagers from Warche Arvalem, Sanquelim; Karmale wada, Kudne and Madkaikarwada, Surla, are facing hardships and danger as they have to cross the steel bridges on a daily basis to go their respective residential wards.The school going students especially face serious problems when water from the rivers flows over these bridges during the monsoon season.Villagers from these areas have been demanding that the government build the bridges for a long time. However, their pleas fell on deaf ears.Villagers have therefore demanded that Sawant should look into the matter and undertake the construction of all three new bridges under the guidance of chief minister Manohar Parrikar as soon as possible to put an end to their woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410317", "title": "Indore youths make 100 kg burger", "text": "INDORE: A team seven youngsters claimed to have made a 100 kg burger that was displayed for public on Sunday at a local mall here. The team is now going to put up its claim to enter Guinness Book of World Records.\"The biggest burger till date weighed 85 kg. We are happy to break the record. We will now stake claim for the record ,\" Subrat Kar, one of the members of team Zootout told TOI.The burger was made to attract foodies and a competition was organized whereby the contestants were required to eat one kg burger in two minutes. Nearly 100 short-listed candidates took part in the contest.The winner of the 'Best Foodie of Indore' award was provided with a gift hamper and holiday package.\"The objective of this event is to start a new trend of filling fun in events. We will continue to organize unique events in the city such as Pizza Marathon, Beauty Marathon etc,\" said Manish Vaswani, one of the team members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409889", "title": "Allotment of govt accommodation goes online now", "text": "BHOPAL: The entire process of allotment of government accommodations will be online with a view to make it transparent and check irregularities. Home minister Umashankar Gupta launched the website of directorate of estates and survey for government accommodations at Government Housing Colony near Narmada Bhavan here on Saturday.Hoping for cooperation in the survey work, the minister said FIR will also be filed against ineligible occupants. During the survey, photographs of the government house and the occupant will also be taken. He said, besides eviction of unauthorized persons, new houses will also be built. This will facilitate eligible employees to get accommodations smoothly. Around 20,000 new residential quarters are being built for the police force.The minister informed that following introduction of this system, any police employee or officer will be able to move an online application for government accommodation from his or her house. The employees will also get information from the website as to how many accommodations are vacant or going to fall vacant. The employee can also apply for renovations. The rent recovery staff has also been placed under the jurisdiction of directorate of estates. Recovery of dues will be made strictly from defaulters.Director estates Surendra Upadhyay informed that the survey report will have full details and photograph of every existing occupant. It will also incorporate details of repair works. For the survey and making the entire process online, selection of C-Net Infotech Company has been made through open tender. There are 11,000 government quarters of various types in Bhopal city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407689", "title": "Leave-licence: State plans 16,000% hike in stamp duty", "text": "MUMBAI: The cash-strapped Maharashtra government says it wants to restore Mumbai to its past glory of being the country's global financial capital. But the way it is going about it is bound to leave many investors gasping. Seeking to increase its kitty, the government has proposed a steep hike in stamp duty for leave-and-licence agreements for residential and commercial properties.The government has proposed 0.1% stamp duty on the market value of the residential property, or 1% of the premium plus average annual rent (deposit) paid (whichever is higher) for up to 36 months.For commercial lease agreements, the duty for 60 months would be 0.4% of the property value. The maximum stamp duty payable now for commercial premises is Rs 50,000 for 60 months and Rs 25,000 for 60 months for residential ones.If the proposal to amend the Maharashtra Stamp Act, 1958- which is likely to be tabled in the state legislature soon- is accepted, it is bound to have an impact on the city's already sluggish commercial market.For individual leases between 36 and 60 months, the rate proposed is 0.2% of the market value of the residential property or 2% of the premium, plus average annual rent paid (whichever is higher). For commercial leases, the proposed duty is 0.4% of the market value of the property. So a bank or corporate entity that has signed a leave and licence agreement for one lakh sq ft for 60 months in the BKC would have to fork out Rs 80 lakh on the property valued at Rs 200 crore. Similar is the case with residential premises. An individual will have to pay Rs 41,000 as stamp duty for a Rs 4 crore flat taken on leave and licence for 36 months at Nariman Point.If the agreement is for 60 months, the lessee will have to shell out Rs 82,000. Pranay Vakil, chairman of Knight Frank, says on the face of it the impact of the hike seems tremendous as property rates in the city are high. Of the state's total tax collection, nearly 60% comes from VAT and 20% from stamp duty.The balance 20% is mobilized from state excise tax, electricity duty and vehicle tax. The government hopes to mobilize at least Rs 1,000 crore annually from its proposed revision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409885", "title": "Student dies as bike hits cab, pole", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of a student and part-time BPO employee found lying in a drain at Jaraganahalli near Sarakki, off Kanakapura Road , early on Sunday sent police on a wild-goose chase on suspicion that it was a case of murder. However by late evening, it turned out that the student, 22-year-old Harish, died after his bike hit a speeding cab and then rammed an electric pole late on Saturday night. Harish's friend Yashwanth, riding pillion, suffered injuries and was admitted to hospital . His statement helped police conclude that it was a case of accident.Harish was a resident of Shivshaktinagar in JP Nagar VII Phase and II B Com student in BNM College.Harish and Yashwant were returning home in the night from the BSNL BPO in Sarakki where they worked. The bike hit a cab taking a U-trun at Sarakki near Jaraganahalli in JP Nagar police limits and rammed an electric pole on the roadside. Both the bikers suffered serious injuries.Onlookers bundled Yashwanth into an autorickshaw and sent him to a hospital. They forced cab driver Mallikarjun to shift Harish to hospital in his cab. Mallikarjun took Harish but panicked when he saw the youth had succumbed to injuries. Mallikarjun dumped the body near a drain at Sarakki. Harish's father Ramanna suspected foul play in the death. Mallikarjun has been detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12408813", "title": "Gram sabha in Curtorim raps panchayat", "text": "MARGAO: The gram sabha of the Curtorim village panchayat held on Sunday took to task the panchayat body for its failure to recover the arrears of various taxes due to the panchayat.Stating that nearly 11 lakhs stood as an outstanding amount accrued to the panchayat, including house tax arrears, the gram sabha demanded that the panchayat take immediate steps to realize the amount.The gram sabha however, decided to defer the issue of revision of house tax, considering the likelihood of panchayats being exempted from payment of house tax in the state budget to be presented by the chief minister on Monday.The audit reported of the panchayat was also tabled at the meeting.Sarpanch Alcino D'Silva chaired the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407711", "title": "Dutchwoman\u2019s friend held, police say murder solved", "text": "CHENNAI: The police on Sunday that they had solved the murder of Dutchwoman Johannah Cornalia Lamberta, found dead in Mamallapuram, with the arrest of her boyfriend on Sunday. The man killed her by banging her head on the wall and punching her, the police said.On Friday, Lamberta, the 35-year-old woman was found dead in a house near Mamallapuram, 60km from Chennai. Police had suspected that her boyfriend Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph, 32, a boat mechanic in the Netherlands was behind the murder. The couple had come to Mamallapuram on March 10.The case was cracked after a common friend of the couple told police that Lamberta had told the woman that Joseph regularly harassed her. She also said that the day after the murder, Joseph met the woman. When she enquired about the Lamberta, he explained through hand gestures that they fought the previous night and she had head injury. Residents informed the police that the couple used to quarrel regularly.Kancheepuram deputy superintendent of police A Ganesan said that Joseph confessed to the crime as all evidence was against him.The postmortem report said Lamberta died of head injury. It also said that one of her ribs was fractured and she had a severe contusion in the head but ruled out the possibility of a sexual assault.\"The couple was drinking and an issue which was already between them cropped up. In a fit of anger, he caught hold of her head and banged it against the wall. He then sat on her and kept punching her chest and abdomen till she died,\" said inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu.He then dragged the body to the store room after washing the blood on the wall. \"He tried to bury the body and took the body out. But stopped and took the body back into the house after a friend spotted him,\" said Babu.The police had strong evidence against Joseph as he had asked an acquaintance to help him bury the body. \"We have remanded him. After this he has to face trial and only after this will we think of deporting him,\" said Babu.According to police, Joseph has visited Mahabalipuram thrice and locals recognized him.A police officer said that his house was dirty. \"Usually foreigners come here and stay in decent hotels. But his house was a mess. No person will stay with the body for more than 36 hours. We are yet to confirm his character traits,\" said the officer.The incident came to light on Friday when Sekar, a guide who had been taking Joseph and Lamberta around, entered the house in Koklimedu, 3km from Mamallapuram, and found her body.The guide immediately informed police, who sent the body for autopsy and detained Joseph for questioning. During questioning, police said, Joseph didn't talk about the death and instead said he had bought the house from a man for a hefty price. Though the house was not registered in Joseph's name, he could stay in it whenever he came. A woman had been entrusted with the upkeep of the house in Joseph's absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12409260", "title": "Govt ignoring PU lecturers\u2019 issues: MLC", "text": "MYSORE: JD(S) MLC Marithibbegowda on Sunday came down heavily on the state government for failing to deliver on the promises given to PU lecturers in the state.Referring to the pay anomalies of the PU lecturers, he said the government has promised to address the issue, but chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda neglected the issue.Accusing the government of turning a blind eye towards the problems of teachers, he said the valuation of SSLC and II PU answer scripts will be boycotted by the teaching community if the government fails to tevise the salary forthwith. He asked the department of primary and secondary education to conduct a thorough probe into the recent leakage of II PU exam question papers. The MLC urged the government to pay Rs 7 crore medical expenses to teachers attached to schools and colleges of Mysore, Chamarajanagar, Mandya and Hassan which is pending for the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409242", "title": "Quantum advantage for yarn spinners", "text": "NAGPUR: For the spinning industry Uster Technologies Pvt Ltd is not a new name. Spinning units, small and large, including those in Vidrabha have been using various components developed by this textile equipment maker from Switzerland for decades.The latest equipment 'Quantum-3', a yarn cleaner, has emerged one of the best designed and developed tool from Uster.It is expected to give the spinning mills a quantum jump in the yarn quality which, in turn, would set new standards in fabric quality.Over 150 spinners from Vidarbha, Marathwada and Khandesh who gathered here last week for deliberating on the new product were overwhelmed by the technology that Uster brought.All of them agreed that the new machine would give a huge advantage to the spinners in producing quality yarn and increasing the productivity by mainly cleaning the yarn of all contaminants like polypropylene and foreign matter that comes with the cotton.Sanjay Sharan, general manager of Raymond unit at Saunsar, is seeing the introduction of 'yarn cleaner' as the first generation technology that can give much-awaited impetus to spinning industry. He admitted that not all mills, especially those in not so good health, would be able to afford the equipment but is confident that units like his which already have a brand name could adopt it.General Manager of GTN Industries Ltd in Saoner, K S Shankar too believed that the yarn cleaner could give a fillip to the industry.\"The fabrics made from present yarn get rejected both in domestic as well as export markets mainly due to inbuilt defects caused from contaminations in cotton. Though at Rs 35 lakh it is an expensive preposition, the yarn cleaner can bail out the spinning industry from a big crisis,\" he stated.\"It will help us fetch better price. The machine, like human eye and brain, can pick up trash or any fault like vegetable (remains of cotton seed) and clear it automatically during the manufacturing. One can buy the entire winding machine with Quantum-3 installed on it but it is expensive. We can install sensors used in the machine over each of the 60 spindles which run through the 21-metre long winding machine and still do the job equally well,\" he said.Senior general manager of Butibori-based Indoworth Limited Praveen Singh Poonia who is planning to install the equipment in his unit says that Quantum-3 will reduce cost of production of yarn and optimize quality. Though he is not into cotton yarn manufacturing, producing only woollen yarn, he is visualizing a big change in his field too.Indoworth imports high quality wool from Australia which has kept the price of yarn reasonably high so far. If the new machine is integrated as a one time investment in existing system, the industry could go for much cheaper and comparatively inferior wool from Argentina, Uruguay and other south American countries and yet produce best quality wool yarn. \"Quantum-3 identifies all the faults scattered anywhere in the yarn and cleans them automatically,\" he said.Uster Technologies (India) Pvt Ltd president VR Rantham from Bangalore and Ulf Schneider, application engineer from Uster of Switzerland, too were in city for the meet to interact with the representatives from spinning industry on using the Quantum-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12413901", "title": "Another smuggling bid from Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: In another smuggling bid from across international border with Pakistan , as many as three unidentified Pakistani smugglers tried to smuggle 14 kilogram of highly refined Afghnistan made heroin valued at around Rs 70 crore in international market, in India from near Daoke border out post in the wee hours of Monday.Deputy Inspector General, BSF, RPS Jaswal told TOI that a patrolling party of 163 battalion of BSF spotted some suspicious movement 40 meters away inside the Indian territory and challenged the intruders who instead opened fire at BSF party. Following the exchange of fire, the Pakistani smugglers fled back to their country. He informed that during a search operation carried out on Monday morning they recovered 14 packets of 1 kilogram each heroin which was left behind by the Pakistani smugglers before fleeing. The BSF also recovered 3 empty cartridges.He said the movement of Pak smugglers was noticed by BSF jawan through hand held thermal imagers. Earlier on March 19, the BSF had shot three Pakistani smugglers dead while they were trying to smuggle 22 kilogram heroin valued at around Rs 110 crore in international market through Indo Pak international border near Amarkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12409353", "title": "Shiv Sena dumps BJP", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Shiv Sena on Sunday decided to go it alone, dumping its traditional ally BJP, in the election to Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) slated to be held in April. The local unit of Shiv Sena released the first list of 18 candidates in the presence of district contact chief Suresh Sawant in the afternoon.District president Balu Dhanorkar claimed that the talks over alliance with BJP had failed, but the party may join hands with RPI (Athawale). He said that Sena and BJP had earlier fought elections together. This time, the leaders of both the parties could not reach an agreement on seat-sharing despite holding many meetings. Hence the party decided to field its candidates, he said. Dhanorkar said that contesting elections on its own would help the party recognize its strength.Dhanorkar said that RPI (Athawale) would be given 6-8 seats if it forms an alliance with Sena. He said that 175 aspiring candidates had approached the party for ticket. However, he said, only 18 names were finalized. They would file nominations on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414513", "title": "Ram Charan worries about Pawan Kalyan", "text": "Ram Charan hasn't yet recovered completely from his the muscle tear, but he is taking a big risk by deciding to finish off the balance songs of Racha.Charan is not fully fit to do dances and the doctors advised him to give the injury a couple more weeks to heal. However, the young star is not giving a damn to the doctors and decided to finish of Racha in time.Why is Charan taking this huge risk? What happens if Racha release postpones until May? There lies the biggest problem as his uncle Power Star Pawan Kalyan's film Gabbar Singh is scheduled for release on May 9. If that film releases on time, then Racha would struggle due to competition from the family. Also Gabbar Singh would be affected due to Racha. Moreover media will write all the nonsense about the 'mega clash'.Foreseeing all these circumstances, Ram Charan decided to take the risk all by himself and has joined the shoot of Racha. This film is likely to release on April 12 if not on April 5. So there would be at least four to five weeks space between the mega films. Hope Charan doesn't do further damage to his leg.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407733", "title": "Sasikalaa relative held for cheating", "text": "CHENNAI: After the arrest of Sasikalaa's husband Natarajan in February and her kin Ravanan in January, the police have swooped down on another member of the family.Managing director of Midas Golden Distillery, 'Midas' Mohan, was arrested by the police on Sunday on charges of allegedly cheating a Vellore-based businessman of 50 lakh by promising him a post in the AIADMK party.Mohan was arrested based on a complaint by Hari Tulasiraman, the businessman and AIADMK functionary from Vellore. He lodged a complaint with the city police commissioner J K Tripathy on Saturday.Midas distillery until recently was the largest supplier of liquor to the state-owned Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac). Their monopoly took a beating following the ouster of Sasikalaa.Tulasiraman approached Mohan in November as his friends told him that Mohan may be able to help him get a post in the party. During the meeting, Mohan allegedly promised him a post but asked for 50 lakh. Tulasiraman waited for some months, but as there was no response, asked Mohan to return the money. But he allegedly threatened to kill Tulasiraman.Based on his complaint, the case was transferred by K P Shanmugarajeswaran, joint commissioner of police - south. He was produced before a magistrate and remanded in judicial custody for 15 days .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12408120", "title": "Youth held for molesting 4-year-old", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A third year mechanical engineering student at a polytechnic in Kotagiri in the Nilgiris was arrested on Sunday for allegedly molesting a four-year old girl.According to Kotagiri police, Dinesh, a student of NPA polytechnic college in Kotagiri, allegedly molested the girl when she was at her grandparent's house in Kottakambai near Kotagiri on Saturday. The accused was residing in the neighbourhood.On Saturday, the girl's father, Babu, a daily-wage labourer lodged a complaint with the Kotagiri police stating that his daughter was molested by Dinesh, said police. Babu had left his daughter at his parent's house in Kottakambai on Saturday, while he went to work. \"A case has been registered against Dinesh under IPC sections 376 and 511 and he was arrested on Sunday,\" said the police. \"The accused will be remanded to judicial custody on Sunday night,\" said police. According to police, the IPC sections in which the accused has been arrested are non-bailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408224", "title": "Trans-harbour link bidders push for clear right of way", "text": "MUMBAI: Work on clearing the passage for the trans-harbour link to come up is being taken seriously as international bidders have said that they want a clear right of way in the area.The state is pushing hard for total land acquisition for the 22-km long bridge to be completed as soon as possible. However, around 30ha are still to be acquired mainly in areas under Cidco. State officials said that a meeting of officials from the government, MMRDA, Cidco and other organizations has been called to discuss the issues.The bidders' concern is natural, as one of the major infrastructure projects - the first line of the Mumbai Metro - did not have a clear right of way, causing several complications.MMRDA officials said discussions were on with land owners and a solution was in sight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12412923", "title": "Burglars loot cash, mobile handsets", "text": "Allahabad: Burglars decamped with cash and mobile sets worth lakhs of rupees from a mobile shop in Tagore Town locality under Georgetown police station area on Saturday late night.Police said that burglars stole Rs 10,000 and several mobile sets from the shop belonging to one Anand Kishore after breaking the shutter.A case has been lodged with Georgetown police station in this regard. The theft came to light when the shop owner came and found the shutter broken. He further noticed that cash and costlier mobile sets were also missing. Fingerprint experts were called and a police team was also constituted to crack down the case.Meanwhile, body of an unidentified woman was found near Phaphamau under Soraon police station area on Sunday. Police said that the body had been sent for postmortem examination. Efforts were on to ascertain the identity of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12407729", "title": "Pregnant woman, toddler die of poisoning", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman and her 18-month-old son died of poisoning, suspected to be an insecticide, on Saturday. The woman, Pushpa Sonbawane, was five months pregnant too.Pushpa, in her thirties, allegedly consumed poison at their Sewni residence in Kuhi taluka suspecting her husband's fidelity. Her son Aryan too died of poisoning but police are not sure whether he inadvertently consumed it or Pushpa had fed him the insecticide.Police said that Pusha had suicidal tendency and often threatened to end her life. So, the police could not rule out the possibility that Pusha gave her son fatal dose of the poison.Pushpa had married Sheshrao five years ago. Police said there was no issue of dowry or domestic violence. Pushpa had studied till Std XI though Sheshrao was a school drop-out.On Saturday, Pushpa was found lying on a mattress on the ground. Aryan was crying beside his mother. It was his cries that attracted the attention of his grandmother Vimalbai. She raised an alarm in the neighbourhood.Pushpa and Aryan were rushed to GMCH after people realized their condition was deteriorating due to the poison. While Aryan died on the way, Pushpa was declared dead at hospital later.Sheshrao said that he was in their farm when he got the news . \"We had no differences, and she was not unhappy over any domestic issue,\" said Sheshrao.Mouda PI RR Nagre said the cops are trying to find out how the boy ended up consuming the poison. \"We want to find out whether the kid drank some poison assuming it to be water from the glass used by the mother, or maybe picked up some grains of the insecticide lying on the bed,\" he said.Mouda police have recorded the case as accidental death. Nagre said that the family would be questioned once the last rites were over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408406", "title": "Rural local crime branch seizes IMFL worth Rs 4Lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural local crime branch (LCB) seized a stock of IMFL and beer worth Rs 4 lakh from near Dholka late on Saturday night. Police have got names of two bootleggers in connection with the case.According to LCB officials, they got a tip-off about ferrying the liquor from near Narmada canal and surveyed the area on Saturday night when they found two abandoned vehicles in outskirts of Chaloda village. The vehicles include a mini truck and a tractor with a trailer.\"We found 118 crates of beer and IMFL of various brands from the vehicles. We later learnt that the stock was coming from Modasa and was on its way to Ahmedabad. We believe that the bootleggers got a wind about police action and thus they fled from the spot. We have got names of Pankaj Thakor and Chiku Patel as receivers of the stock,\" said an LCB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412434", "title": "Making a Difference", "text": "Ignoring the occasional dirty glances from her family and friends, Ishika Seal, a student of class X of La Martiniere for Girls, Kolkata, travels to the redlight areas in Kolkata, every Saturday and Sunday, to teach the children of sex-workers.The real transformation took place when I accompanied my mother while in class VIII, to meet the children. That single meeting changed a lot of things. When I met the children, I realised how society had deprived them, and that someone needed to spend time with them, she says.Seal not only teaches English, maths, science and Bharatnatyam to the children, she also tries to instil in them the hope for a better future.The first time I prepared for a class, I was so nervous that I remember making my mom sit in front of me and go through the lesson twice. I was young when I started teaching and it took the children some time to accept me as their teacher, but eventually everything worked out well, she says with a smile.Talking about the challenges, Seal says that giving individual attention to students sometimes becomes an issue. I teach 30 children and sometimes it becomes hard for me to give individual attention to the children. Then, there is this issue of time constraint, she says.Teaching, says Seal, has helped her get a perspective of life and today she appreciates what she has. When the children tell me that they want to study, get out of this place, work and live a better, normal life, I feel I must help them in whatever way I can, she says.Seal is one of the finalists at the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012, which recognises students for their efforts in serving others through community service.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410338", "title": "Military College of Telecommunication Engineering walks away with glory", "text": "INDORE: Military College of Telecommunication Engineering (MCTE) of Mhow walked away with all top prizes in a marathon, organised by IIT Indore on Sunday. IIT Indore had organised a marathon on the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) campus on Sunday to spread awareness about 'Save Girl Child' campaign. Hundreds of Indoreans from different age group participated in the race.The race was divided into two categories. For men, there was 9.2 km race and women had to run 6.4 km. Around 30 students from the Military College of Telecommunication Engineering of Mhow also participated and made a clean sweep by winning all top prizes.The four women officers, who participated, secured all the top four positions. In men category, MCTE won eight out of first ten positions. The prizes were given away by the Director IIT. In the women's category Capt Sreeshma Suresh bagged the first prize, Capt Prerna Chouhan got second prize, Capt Gunjan Thapliyal got third prize and Capt Pallavi Rawal came fourth.In women's category, MCTE participants dominated the race, Pankaj Pardesi emerged as the winner and PK Mishra got second prize and Sigman Umesh Babu received the third prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410035", "title": "Workshop on administration of justice begins", "text": "VARANASI: The Institute of Judicial Training and Research UP (IJTRUP), Lucknow started its series of regional seminar-cum-workshop on 'standing together for strengthening the administration of justice' in the state by holding its first event in Varanasi on Sunday.The event organisers said IJTRUP will hold similar seminar-cum-workshops at all the divisional headquarters in the state coming days. In his welcome address, director IJTRUP AN Mittal said the institute has planned to organise the series of seminar-cum-workshops across the state with the objective of identifying the practical, legal administrative and procedural bottlenecks in ensuring access to justice for marginalised people, clearing backlogs and ensuring speedy justice through a common strategy. Chief speaker Justice Ravindra Singh of Allahabad High Court expressed concern over huge pendency in subordinate courts in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412754", "title": "Bihar govt holds roadshow in city to promote tourism", "text": "GUWAHATI: To woo potential tourists including pilgrims from Assam , the Bihar government and the ministry of tourism kicked off a two-day road show titled 'Blissful Experience' here on Sunday.The event exhibited the sights and sounds of the state, which is fast becoming a tourist haven, through song and dance performances, cuisine, display of tourist hot spots and others. \"The state saw a decline in tourism in the last decade with the major cause being the law and order scenario. Bihar was known for its law and order problem but with the new government taking over, the situation is fast improving,\" said Tapan Sinha, senior information officer, Bihar tourism.\"The main intention in organizing the road show is to create awareness about the state. Before coming here, we had similar road shows in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Siliguri and Kolkata. This is an initiative of tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pinto. The government has undertaken many projects, some of which include building five star hotels, beautification of tourist hot spots, building roads and others,\" added Sinha.Besides highlighting its potentialities, the event also marked the centenary formation of the state and based on its centenary celebrations, the tourism department was taxing on the event to rope in tourists. The road show was inaugurated by Tapan Kumar Durah, general manager of OIL and Sudhir Singh, chief engineer of OIL.A senior official in the department also claimed that during the Kalchakra event in February that was held in Bodhgaya, five lakh tourists had visited the state. \"The chief minister has taken initiatives to make Bihar a tourist hot-spot. We have also taken part in tourism fairs and the government is stressing on this sector to avail the benefits to the people,\" said Sinha.The Bihar government and the ministry of tourism kicked off a two-day road show titled 'Blissful Experience' here on Sunday. The event exhibited the sights and sounds of Bihar, which is fast becoming a tourist haven, through song and dance performances, cuisine, display of tourist hotspots and others. The event also marked the centenary celebrations of the state, with which the tourism department is relying on the event to rope in tourists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408910", "title": "Goa midday meals lack nutrition: Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "PANAJI: School children did not receive the prescribed nutrition under the midday meal scheme in Goa, according to the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India's report. A quantity lower than that recommended was served to the children for lesser number of days than required. There was no check on the quality too as the state monitoring committee for the scheme did not meet even once from 2006 to 2011.The audit report states that during 2009-10 meals were served for 180 and 169 days, respectively, to 41,968 primary and 49,888 upper primary school children, as against the 200 and 220 days for primary and upper primary schools prescribed by norms.The children were to be served meals comprising 100gm for the primary section and 150gm for the upper primary section. The CAG report notes that the actual quantities of food grains utilized for the meals were lower than required.\"Quantity of food grains served to children ranged from 79 to 95gm in primary schools and 140 to 143gm in upper primary schools, as against the prescribed quantity of 100 and 150gm of food grains, indicating that the prescribed nutrition was not provided to the children,\" the CAG report states. This resulted in non-utilization of the allocated 653.72 metric tones of foodgrains for the scheme in the year 2009-10.The report notes that an administrative delay of one-and-half months in the implementation of the scheme during the year 2009-10 impacted the scheme's operation in Goa.The CAG report further notes that the state-level monitoring committee for the scheme was expected to meet at least once every six months,the district and block level committees were to meet at least once a quarter and school-level monitoring committees were to meet every month. However, the audit discovered that these committees had never met during the period from 2006-11.\"The monitoring committees were to guide implementing agencies as well as monitor and assess the impact of the scheme,\" the report points out.The CAG report also notes that assistant district education inspectors (ADEI) were required to pay surprise visits to primary schools and collect 100gm of food samples supplied by each self help group under the midday meal scheme in Goa during each month. The samples were to be submitted to the Goa Homescience College for testing. However, only 71 samples or 11% of the required quantity of 630 samples were collected.\"Due to shortage of staff, the Goa Homscience College has refused to accept food samples for analyses during 2010-11...Non-collection and non-testing of food samples were serious lapses as there was no check on the quality of food being supplied to students. Absence of quality control checks would result in supply of sub-standard quality of food to school children,\" the report warns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408402", "title": "Cops play peacemakers at wedding", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Satellite police had to play the peacemaker in two brothers' feud to complete a marriage ceremony. Police sent a team on spot of a ceremony to let it pass peacefully on Sunday afternoon when the relatives posed trouble for newly-weds.The bridegroom and bride, came to the police station at 2 pm and requested for security. Police asked them about the incident when they narrated that they are residents of Vanzaaravaas opposite Courtyard Mariott hotel and had married earlier in the day. Vipul, the bridegroom, had not invited his elder brother Vikas in the ceremony and thus he created a ruckus.\"Vipul was raised by his maternal uncle and they married him off. However, it did not go down well with Vikas and he refused to allow the couple to perform cheda-chedi, a religious ceremony conducted at the family deity's temple near their residence. Vikas even forced the priest to shut the temple down and chased the newly-weds when they approached the temple. They then came to police station and sought security,\" said a police official.J M Bharwad, inspector of Satellite police station, said that after considering the issue, they sent two police sub-inspectors and six police constables on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411895", "title": "My duty is to enhance the beauty of the film: Vinay Jaiswal", "text": "Vinay Jaiswal is the one of the latest entries in Bollywood music. He has done innumerable shows as an anchor, made many ad and corporate films, written his own compositions and composed various songs.After doing so much already, Vinay is now set to make his debut as a music director in his upcoming movie Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi that stars K K Menon and Neha Bhasin. This multi-tasker says that work is like food and just like you try many cuisines not to get bored, as an artist one needs to keep doing different kind of things to not to get stagnant.Talking about his stint as a music director he says, \"I am more like a concept writer. My process is defined wherein I read the script, understand the character and the story, then write the lyrics and then create the music.My duty is to enhance the beauty of the film and so to me songs should back the story otherwise the audience will not connect to them.\" He adds about the current trend says, \"These days the audience the moving towards a more realistic cinema and thus there is less space for songs like it was earlier. Songs are merged with the story and they are there only if there is a need. So you need to work with the mood of the film.\"For someone who has already done it all, what lies in the future? He says, \"I want to direct a film. Music direction was never in the charts, but I am working on my own film which I am directing, have written the lyrics and composed as well.\"We say cheers for this one man show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409902", "title": "Investment of 1.40Lakh crore in the offing", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said industrial investments to the nune of Rs 1,40,000 crore are under progress.He said a number of skill development centres and ITIs have been opened. Some 100 more ITIs are to be opened in the state under Skill Development Mission.The chief minister said only non-fertile lands will be made available to industries. He laid the foundation stone of a home textile unit to be set up under Rs 3,600 crore project of Trident Group at Budhni in Sehore district today. Deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia presided over the function while the guests of honour included International Economics Council's chairperson Isher Judge Ahluwalia and state's water resources minister Jayant Malaiya.The chief minister and Ahluwalia also inaugurated a newly built unit of 1,74,632 spindle capacity.Chouhan said the attempt to remove the tag of BIMARU and backward state from Madhya Pradesh has been successful. He said the state's growth rate during 11th Five-Year-Plan stood at 9 % against the targeted growth rate of 7.6 %. The target of the state government is to increase the state's growth rate up to at least 12 per cent during the 12th Five-Year Plan. He said that an industry-friendly policy has been adopted in the state under which adequate facilities are being extended to investors.He said the state government has accomplished remarkable works for development of infrastructure in the state. Panch Parmeshwar Yojna and Mukhya Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna are being implemented for making city-like facilities available in villages.Ladli Laxmi Yojna, Kanyadan Yojna and other schemes have been launched for women's empowerment. He said that feeder separation work in the state is nearing completion in the wake of which 24-hour domestic power supply will be made available from the next year.Ahluwalia said development should be integrated and all the sections of society should get its benefit. Lauding the motto of Trident Company \"Nothing is impossible, everything is possible\", he said India can become a super power soon if all the citizens of the county imbibe this spirit.Lauding the functioning of Chouhan and the administration, Ahluwalia said Madhya Pradesh is a very helpful state for investors.Malaiya said the investment in the state is profitableas water, power and lands are available adequately.CM said the attempt to remove the tag of BIMARU and backward state from MP has been successful. He said the state's growth rate during 11th Five-Year-Plan stood at 9 per cent against the targeted growth rate of 7.6 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409547", "title": "Team Anna\u2019s charges are baseless: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday retaliated against Team Anna's tirade against Union ministers, accusing it of labelling \"baseless\" charges.Hazare and his associates' fresh demand to act against 14 senior cabinet ministers left the ruling party fuming. \"If they have any proof against anyone, they are free to lodge a police complaint,\" AICC spokesman Rashi Alvi said. \"It is very unfortunate that he is making any kind of allegations against ministers. Just making baseless allegations against anyone is not right,\" he said.This marks a fresh round of battle between the Congress-led UPA government and anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare and his team over a strong Lokpal Bill. Congress said the government was committed to a strong anti-corruption watchdog and making efforts to create a consensus among all political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12410021", "title": "45-year-old woman murdered at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old woman was found murdered at her Jogeshwari residence on Sunday. Aasma Mustafa's body was discovered by her 17-year-old son, Muzahir, around 12:30pm. Mustafa stayed on the second floor of the three-storey Ajay building in Behrambaug in Jogeshwari (W) along with her son and 18-year-old stepson.\"Muzahir had gone to play with his friends around 11:30am. When he returned home, he found his mother's body lying in a pool of blood. Her throat appeared to have been slit,\" said D K Rupawate, senior police inspector of Oshiwara police station.Muzahir then alerted his neighbours who called the police and ambulance. Aasma was declared dead at Cooper Hospital and her body has been sent for a postmortem. A case of murder has been registered at Oshiwara police station.The police said they had ruled out robbery as a possible motive. \"There doesn't seem to be any sign of forced entry into the house. Also, none of the jewellery that she was wearing was missing and her son has told us that nothing seems to have been taken from the house,\" said Rupawate. Sources said the woman's exhusband was the prime suspect because of a bitter fight the two had recently. \"It is too premature to arrive at a conclusion. We have detained both her son and stepson since they lived with her and are trying to verify their stories. We will question all relatives and neighbours,\" said Rupawate.Aasma ran a small tailoring business from her house and sources said she was struggling economically after separating from her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12410241", "title": "Tenughat Thermal Power Station units trip in state", "text": "BOKARO: The state suffered a severe power crisis on Sunday as generation at Tenughat Thermal Power Station (TTPS) came to a halt because of technical problem. Most parts of the state, including areas in the state capital, suffered prolonged power cuts during the day.Sources in the power station said that the daily loss to TTPS because of the shutdown of both the units is around 1 crore. The TTPS has two power production units with a total generation capacity of 420 MW. TTPS of the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) supplies power to the Jharkhand State Electricity BoardSources said that the production in Unit-I of TTPS stopped generating power from Saturday night following leak in a boiler tube. The Unit-II is out of order since February 24 due to a major problem in the turbine. The repairing work to restore the problem is on a war footing. TTPS general manager Ram Avatar Sahu said repairing in Unit-I was likely to be completed by Sunday night. However, it will take another four-five days more to restore the problem in Unit-II. \"We expect that by Friday both the units will become functional,\" said Sahu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410101", "title": "Let private bodies maintain community centres: Panel", "text": "JAIPUR: After looking at the poor condition of the community centres, the empowered committee formed to develop Jaipur as a world-class city suggested to the civic authorities to hand over their maintenance to private bodies. Since municipal bodies are unable to maintain the community centres, the panel suggested they should rope in residential colonies' societies or register a society comprising JDA (Jaipur Development Authority ) officials to look after these.JDA chief engineer Lalit Sharma said, \"We have received the letter from the empowered committee regarding suggestions to maintain the community centres. The authorities will discuss the issue and take a decision.\" Recently, retired Justice V S Dave, a member of empowered panel, visited the JDA community centre at Jhalana Doongri. Dave expressed dissatisfaction over lack of basic facilities such as water and electricity at the dilapidated centre.A JDA official said the proposed plan is on the lines of one followed by the RHB (Rajasthan Housing Board) to maintain its community centres. Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) cultural committee chairman Durgesh Nandani appreciated the proposal and said, \"The move will help cash-strapped civic bodies to maintain such facilities. There are several such centres under JMC's jurisdiction which are in poor condition and therefore hardly see any bookings.\"JMC has 32 community centres under its jurisdiction, while JDA has 21.However, some councillors cautioned against handing over the entire responsibility of maintenance to residential societies. \"If a few persons with wrong intentions become members of these societies, they can harass people. The appointment of members should be done in the presence of local councillors,\" suggested Sushil Sharma, councillor of ward number 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410107", "title": "A different world", "text": "Mrinalini Vasudevan, a student of MA in visual, theatre and performance studies and cinema studies at JNU, feels that theatre offers a new world of realityI completed my Bachelor's in English literature from Jadavpur University and later, decided to come to Delhi to pursue a Master's in visual, theatre and performance studies and cinema studies at the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).As a literature student, art, films, and theatre have always inspired me. I wanted to broaden my perspective on each of these as well as study both theatre and cinema together, which is the reason why I enroled for this integrated course. Here, we have a purely academic approach to both cinema and theatre, which I believe opens up a different realm of reality for students.While films are more or less an evolved medium, theatre and the performing arts are still emerging in India. The course allows one to delve into depths to understand the intricacies of theatre and the technicalities of performance. A lot of students opt for further research into the subject as it is vast and provides immense scope of growth.The discipline of performance arts involves the use of audio-visual media, which is on a path of exponential growth due to the trend of using new media. It combines theatrical nuances with individual body movements and dance forms.Introduction to basic concepts and tools, and the study of world theatre movements in the course module provides a historical overview of the subject. Besides, every semester has optional courses like post-colonial theatre, political theatre and gendered perspectives in post-independence Indian theatre, which further help in the understanding of the subject.Studying theatre movements across the world including the Greek, Roman, Russian, French, European and others makes it very interesting. I opted for political theatre as studying important figures like Brecht - a German theatre director during the World War period - and the likes across history, and the birth of major political movements intrigued me. Also, JNU has a lot of active political theatre groups and being a part of them gives one hands-on experience of different situations.The entire idea of performance arts is to allow a student to think of the acts in his/her daily life as performances, and not merely gather knowledge of the traditional proscenium stage acts. Here, we are not taught acting in the strict sense of the term, rather, are made to study acting and showcase performances based on that.After the training here, I would like to go in for research into theatre and film studies. I also want to write about both these mediums and later on, become a critic on the subject. An academic approach in the arts and theatre is important to gain an insight into the field.- Vatsala Shrangi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409268", "title": "Government blocks new office for city police commissioner", "text": "KOCHI: The city police are trying hard to crack this case. Fifteen months after the commissioner's office at the High Court Junction was pulled down, the cops are clueless when the new one would come up.The Kerala Police Housing and Construction Corporation had big plans. It wanted to build a new office for the police commissioner in a 12-floor hi-tech building with a shopping mall.Now the state government has refused to grant permission for the project. The government has refused to hand over the documents of the plot to the Kerala Police Housing and Construction Corporation for availing loan to carry out the construction.\"The government is against taking loan to construct a new building. The Kerala Police Housing and Construction Corporation wanted to build office spaces and shopping areas that would be rented out to private parties,\" said a source at the home department.The new building was to be constructed at a cost of Rs 25 crore, with state-of-the-art facilities. Ever since the old building, situated near the high court, was demolished in 2010 for constructing a new one, the office has been operating in a rented space at Revenue Towers in Kochi.City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said they have been frequently apprising the government of the necessity to construct the new office. \"We hope that the government will take a positive call soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12408334", "title": "Temple guard beaten up by thieves, dies", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A watchman who was beaten up by robbers at the Diveagar temple in Raigad on Saturday has succumbed to his injuries. Another watchman who was also attacked is being treated for his injuries.Two thieves broke into the temple and stole the 1.5kg gold idol of Lord Ganesh. They assaulted the deceased, Mahadev Ghadasi, who is in his mid-70s, and another watchman, and fled. The Raigad police are examining the CCTV camera footage to identify the thieves. \"From the CCTV footage, we can see that two robbers broke into the temple between 2am and 3am. While Ghadasi died due to head injuries, the other watchman, aged around 62 years, is injured. We have formed police teams to go to various parts of Maharashtra and outside the state to trace them,\" said superintendent of police of Raigad district, R D Shinde.Several prominent politicians visited Diveagar on Sunday. BJP's Vinod Tawade announced they would resort to a statewide agitation by ringing temple bells across the state continuously if the culprits are not caught quickly. Bala Nandagaonkar (MNS) visited the spot on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12408099", "title": "Auto drivers in Navi Mumbai still off roads", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The auto strike will continue on Monday. With the exception of a few autos that were seeing plying on the roads, the indefinite strike was largely total in the satellite city over the issue of revised auto tariff.While the union representatives had told mediapersons on Friday that they are ending the strike following a written assurance from the RTO that their problems will be looked into, the irate auto drivers on their own decided to resume the strike on Saturday as they do not want the minimum fares to be reduced from Rs 15 to Rs 11 (for the basic 1.6 km autorickshaw ride).Meanwhile, some of the striking auto operators have also decided to sit on a hunger strike outside the RTO office in Vashi to press for their demands. Commuters are facing a lot of problems due to the unavailablity of the three-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414733", "title": "Wish I had more time to myself than promoting films: Asin", "text": "Asin on her forthcoming film and the kind of soulmate she wants to settle down with...Did you enjoy promoting Housefull 2 during the cricket match Shere-E-Bangla?We had gone to promote the film and I wish I had more time to myself than promoting films. There is so much competition these days that you can't not afford to go to public platforms.Why did you reject Sajid Khan's Housefull earlier?I had some date problems earlier, but Sajid has clarity when it comes to his projects. Both Sajid Khan and Sajid Nadiadwala are a great team to work with and I had good fun on the sets bonding with Akshay Kumar , Mithun, Ritesh Deshmukh and even the actresses.You are an important face when it comes to endorsements. Do you use the products you endorse?Yes, I must have at some point used them in my personal life. Endorsements comes with being a part of the celebrity life. I can't endorse a product that I am not connected with. There is a lot of market research that goes into selecting a celebrity for a product and there is no pressure on celebs to hook on to the brandwagon just because of their celeb status.What is your idea of a good companion?Apart from him fulfilling all the parameters of a good companion, he must have a certain level of emotional depth and maturity.Are you now wanting to work with Shah Rukh Khan ?People are forcing me to answer this question. Who would not want to work with SRK? But I would like to work him if there is a good project. Everywhere I go, the only thing people ask me is when I am working with Shah Rukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12407965", "title": "Theatre fest ends in Gaya", "text": "GAYA: The three-day theatre festival organized by the Dayanand-Sushila Sahay Cultural Centre at the Renaissance auditorium ended here on Saturday. Three different plays including 'Doosra Aadmi, 'Doosri Aurat' and 'Hum To Aise Hi Hain' dealing with issues of extra-marital relationship and the plight of artists were presented by artists from Ras Kala Manch, Haryana and Meghdoot theatre group, Bhiwani (Haryana).'Hum To Aise Hi Hain' (We are like that), the play depicting the plight of theatre artists was presented on the second day of the festival. The play portrayed theatre artists as creatures written off by their near and dear ones and ignored by friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12408642", "title": "MSRTC to recruit 400 drivers in next six months", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has promised the deputy commissioner of labour that it will recruit about 400 more drivers in the next six months to ease the workload on the existing drivers and at the same time introduce new routes to increase revenues.\"The administration has promised to recruit more drivers in the next six months. We definitely have asked them to stick to the promise or face punitive measures,\" R S Jadhav, officiating deputy commissioner of labour, Nashik, said.The workload situation was reviewed at a meeting called by the deputy commissioner of labour on Monday between the MSRTC officials and the employees' union. The meeting came close on the heels of complaints being filed by the Maharashtra state transport kamgar sanghatana about employees being harassed by the MSRTC management. The deputy commissioner of labour had therefore asked the authorities to find a solution to the issue and report the same on Tuesday.On Tuesday, the MSRTC officials agreed to take measures to resolve the tension between the drivers and the management. \"We have also asked the employees' union to take steps in a manner that services to the common man are least affected. To maintain the services appropriately is the duty of the employees as well as the management and hence both will have to share the responsibility,\" said Jadhav.Besides, an official from the department also confirmed that the management as well as the union have been ordered to sort their issues at their level and refrain from escalating matters. \"They have been made to understand that issues should not be escalated to the level that they will attract punitive measures from the labour department,\" an official said on the condition of anonymity.The unions had complained, among other things, that drivers were being forced to work for more than 13 hours a day and were being paid wages only for ten hours. Besides, the union alleged that drivers on the Nashik-Pune road route were being forced to return the same day. The Nashik MSRTC division has 1,931 drivers and faces a shortfall of 360 drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409015", "title": "5 members of carjacking gang held with weapons", "text": "GURGAON: Five members of a carjacker gang were arrested with weapons and a car on Friday night by city police.According to police, the gang used to rob and steal cars as per the requirements of their 'clients'. \"They not just targeted for specific vehicle model, but also the right colour. The gang members have confessed that they were involved in 35 cases of car theft and robberies in Gurgaon and nearby regions,\" said a police officer.Police have already recovered two more cars from their possession. TOI on Saturday had reported that on an average eight vehicles are being stolen from Gurgaon everyday and highlighted how such gangs are active in Gurgaon despite the police claims of having busted them in recent months.\"The accused have also disclosed the information about their network. They belong to a large gang with members spread in Delhi and other parts of NCR. They stole a blue beacon Bolero from Nuh which belonged to a government official. They later sold the vehicle to a client in Rajasthan for Rs 90,000. The so-called clientele of the gang is spread across north Indian states like UP, Bihar, Rajashtan, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12408578", "title": "Most candidates win election by a large margin", "text": "LUDHIANA: Weeks of campaigning and anticipation reached a crescendo on Sunday as members of the Sutlej Club pronounced their verdict. While most people had been expecting tough competition for the different posts, the results revealed that candidates won by large margins.As the results were declared late on Sunday evening, the club echoed with the sound of drum beats. Supporters of those who won went around congratulating and celebrating the victory. There was 60% turnout for the poll with 1,797 of 2,722 members voting.Gurinderjit Singh Laddi of South City won the vice-presidents post defeating Gulshan Kumar by a large majority of 1,210 votes. Veterinary doctor Rohit Dutta, a resident of Moti Nagar, won the general secretary's seat with 1,065 votes. Ruchi Bawa, who contested for cultural secretary, gathered 1,352 votes and Gaurav Chaudhary won the joint secretary's post with 1,238 votes.Finance secretary Sanjay Aggarwal won with 789 votes and mess secretary Gurinder Singh Kairon won with 897 votes. For the post of sports secretary Vaneet Randev defeated Balraj Sahni , winning 920 votes and bar secretary Rakesh Kapoor won by 883 votes.After his victory, the new vice-president said all decisions regarding the club will be taken only after the consent of the members.\"There will no dictatorship and any work for the clubas improvement will be done on time\", he added.Dr Rohit said though he is a new face for the club, members have shown faith in him so he will not let them down.The three women candidates who won the polls a Ruchi Bawa, Monica Mittal and Monika Aggarwal a said it is the victory of woman empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409044", "title": "Bikers snatch chain, 7 youths held for ruckus on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Security concerns on the MG Road don't seem to end. An incident of chain-snatching was witnessed at the \"mall mile\" on a crowded Sunday evening. This comes days after a woman was robbed of her purse in the same area.Usha Sharma, a resident of Nirvana country, reported that as she was waiting before DT City Centre Mall, right beside the MG Road Metro station, two bike-borne youths wrenched away her gold chain. Police officials at the sector 29 police station have registered a case against the two unidentified youths.Meanwhile, Gurgaon police arrested seven more youths late on Saturday night, who have been charged with offenses against public tranquillity. This takes the total number of arrests made on the mall-mile - the centre of Gurgaon's nightlife - to 38 in the last five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409371", "title": "Manjit's 'girlfriend' went to Shirdi after his murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after crime branch unravelled the mystery surrounding the woman accompanying Manjit Singh Gulhar when he was shot on March 12, it has come to fore that she had sneaked away to Shirdi in Nashik two days after the incident.The woman said she was seeking solace after the bloody episode at a hotel on Hingna Road. Police have also arrested one more person along with the woman, taking the number of arrests to nine.Sonia Agrawal, a widow with a three-year-old daughter, is a resident of Ayodhya Nagar. She has claimed before the police that she was forced to be part of the murder conspiracy by co-accused and mastermind Diwakar Kottulwar, who is still absconding.She has said Diwakar threatened to kidnap her daughter and the son of her boyfriend if she did not help them.Sonia's version is now being verified by police. She has been charged under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA). Police said that Sonia had been introduced to Diwakar by a common friend.Apart from Sonia, crime branch squad under additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam and senior police inspector Madhao Giri has arrested Shreekrishna Patil, whose car was used by the assailants.Police said Patil was a partner of Diwakar, whose enmity with Gulhar had led to the brutal murder. Patil too faces charges under MCOCA now.The assailants had come to the hotel in two cars. The two groups fled in different directions after the murder.Diwakar took Sonia and others with him in a car driven by Mangesh Shende, son of an advocate. Police said Diwakar's brother Ashish, Shivram Tevar, Rahul Dwivedi and Ashish Naidu had proceeded in a different car, which was intercepted by Kelvad police a couple of hours after the murder.Police said Sonia had got down from Diwakar's car at Rana Pratap Nagar. Diwakar and his accomplices had then stopped at Dahegaon, where he summoned his partner Patil and asked him to arrange for a different car for their use. The police are still searching for Diwakar, Manish Shribas and Takshak Meshram.Sonia Agrawal, a widow with a three-year-old daughter, is a resident of Ayodhya Nagar. She has claimed before the police that she was forced to be part of the murder conspiracy by co-accused and mastermind Diwakar Kottulwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409151", "title": "Gender justice: Situation critical but not lost", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana, the notoriously patriarchal state, has done little in the way improving its downward spiraling sex-ratio - which, according to a new National Commission for Women report, now figures among the lowest in the country at 756:1000, though in Gurgaon district the numbers are slightly better at 853:1000. The state department for Women development isn't known for doing much save the desultory education and empowerment camps it sometimes organizes. According to women's rights activists and counsellors, women empowerment is what translates to better women safety, as most developed countries have shown. \"But considering the rural parts, it will still take a few years before a few bold and intelligent women stand up and lead the society,\" said Amina Sherwani, a Gurgaon-based industrialist and women's rights activist.Although a slight change in the villages close to Gurgaon can already be perceived, and some believe that if this success is duplicated throughout the state, it will be a safer place. In recent mass demonstrations held in and around Gurgaon, rural women have taken the forefront, and have made sure that their voice is heard. One of the villages beside Gurgaon is called Kaasan, and it has just chosen a woman sarpanch, Bimla Devi. \"Most of the people are not in a position to accept a woman sarpanch in Haryana. This attitude has to change,\" said Devi.But it is not only the rural women, but also their urban counterparts who are doing their best to empower themselves. With self-defence, counseling, and body-language training, the urban woman too is making sure that she is empowered enough to take on the streets. \"We have had working women who often come to us for counselling on gender-related issues,\" said Anjali Sapra, a human resources professional in Gurgaon. Following the state mandate, corporate offices here make sure that self-defence and counselling sessions are regular features in their facilities. \"The trend is picking up, and it is very important too. There has to be concerted effort from all sides if we are to ensure women their safety,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12408205", "title": "'Bengal can show the way in handling wild jumbos'", "text": "COIMBATORE: Man-animal conflict cuts across states. Hence, there are always lessons to be learnt from others states that have seen wild animals doing irreparable damage to people and crops.On Sunday, S Sashikumar, an Indian Forest Services official who is now on deputation to the passport office in Coimbatore, spoke about his experiences while guarding the forests of West Bengal. \"The problem of man-animal conflict, especially between elephants and forest dwellers, is older in West Bengal than in Tamil Nadu. Therefore, Tamil Nadu can learn a lot from there,\" said Sashikumar.\"Though a lot remains to be done in West Bengal towards containing the problem of man-elephant conflict, the problems remain largely resolved due to the timely steps taken by the forest department and increased awareness among villagers,\" he said. Tamil Nadu, especially Coimbatore, which face severe problem with elephants damaging crops, could learn from West Bengal's experience, he said.\"When I was posted in north Bengal, a herd of 100 elephants used a route to go through tribal hamlets. Over time, we taught villagers to chase the herd using fire called 'halla' (thee pantham). With increased awareness among villagers, they began welcoming the annual event,\" he said.He also spoke of village-level committees that were formed to increase awareness among villagers and the mitigation measures taken by the forest department. He said forest officials there were a dedicated lot and that helped resolve the issue.The function was organised by Osai, a city-based NGO that works on environmental issues. K Kalidas of Osai said they had helped rescue birds that were found helpless by residents. \"We cannot protect all of wildlife, but in the way of giving respect to the callers , we rescued the birds to show concern,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409784", "title": "No one came to help as woman fought snatcher", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Harjit Kaur, 62, will not be able to forget the nightmarish experience she had during her evening walk in the neighbourhood park in Sector 21 on Saturday evening. It was then that a youth tried to snatch her chain but the elderly woman showed grit and firmly caught hold of his leg even as passers-by looked on. As Kaur held on firmly, the snatcher hit her with a stone on her head.It was a ten minute long battle between Kaur and the 28-year old unidentified youth, and the elderly woman won it. She however was appalled by the fact that other people in the park did not come to her aid. As many as six incidents of snatchings were reported in the city on Saturday.While talking to TOI in her house on Sunday, the injured Kaur said, I was in a park near my house when somebody came from behind and covered my eyes with his hand. He then tried to cut off my gold chain with a small iron instrument. As I caught hold of his arms, he threw me off balance using his leg. Kaur added, I simply held on to my gold chain, following which the snatcher tried to rob me of my gold earrings and bangles but failed as I fought hard.The public park where the incident took place is located at a distance of 20 meters from Kaurs house.Inspector Pargat said that a case has been registered in this regard.A day after the snatchings, police have failed to make any headway in these cases.Meanwhile, a meeting of senior police officials was held on Sunday. There it was decided to review various cases of snatchings.Cop-talkA police team that rushed to GMSH, Sector 6 to record her statement insisted that Kaur must have received head injuries after falling on the ground in the park. Amarjeet Singh, Kaurs son said, Cops only backed off when I lost my cool with them. SHO of the Sector 19 police station Inspector Pargat Singh said, This was initial version of people, who had gathered at hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12408727", "title": "Take this road or test your patience", "text": "KOLKATA: A peak-hour journey to Behala through New Alipore could be a nightmare in case you choose to travel down Tollygunge Circular Road. The 1.5-km stretch, connecting Deshpran Shasmal Road to the New Alipore crossing, is bound to test your patience. Notorious for traffic snarls, the narrow road gets progressively constricted as it meanders through unauthorised markets that have spilled on to the thoroughfare, rows of hawker stalls, illegally parked trucks and auto-rickshaws that keep flouting traffic rules.Commuters could have been spared the agony if Promatha Chaudhuri Sarani - a much wider, cleaner, better maintained and encroachment-free street running parallel to Tollygunge Circular Road for about a kilometre - could be used. It runs till the Mahabirtala crossing where the chaos starts building. It gets worst at the New Alipore crossing, and could have been prevented if part of the traffic could be diverted to the adjacent road, pointed out locals. But for some strange reason, it has never been done. The result: perpetual bottlenecks at either end of Tollygunge Circular Road.\"The traffic from the Behala side could easily have been made to take the other road. It lies empty throughout the day with only a handful of cars and trucks using it. In contrast, Tollygunge Circular Road witnesses snarls on a daily basis. In fact, it remains choked throughout the day, barring a couple of hours in the afternoon. There's hardly enough space for the volume of traffic it is made to handle. From buses and trucks to auto-rickshaws, every possible mode of transport uses the road. Since the pavements are encroached, it has become risky for pedestrians,\" said shop-owner Subrata Saha.The road has turned into a free zone for vendors, alleged New Alipore resident Suresh Prasad Gupta. \"The traffic volume has increased manifold over the last five years. But no effort has been made to remove encroachments on Tollygunge bridge which slows down traffic. Vendors take up a part of the bridge and the road on either end during the evening peak hours. It's never changed,\" said Gupta.Many held autos responsible for adding to the chaos. They park at the petrol pump at the New Alipore crossing to pick up passengers, blocking a part of the road. \"It leaves little space for pedestrians, particularly those waiting to board a bus. No wonder, accidents have gone up,\" said Shibaprasad Ray, a Behala resident who takes the road everyday.The truck terminal on Tollygunge Circular Road has been a stumbling block for traffic for many years. Trucks can't ply on the road before 12 noon. \"But they keep moving in and out of the terminal, often holding up traffic. They also park illegally on the road leading to snarls,\" pointed out Gupta.Local councillor Jui Biswas believes Pramatha Chaudhuri Sarani won't solve the traffic woes. \"It meets the road coming from Chetla, which means vehicles taking it will have to turn right to rejoin Tollygunge Circular Road. That will only shift the congestion from the New Alipore crossing to Mahabirtala. Yes, the other road is wider but unless the traffic can be made to avoid the Mahabirtala crossing, it will not serve any purpose. If the parallel road could be extended to meet Deshpran Sashmal Road, it would have made a difference. But this is a colony area, dotted with slums and there's no space available for a road extension,\" said Biswas.The parallel road will make a difference, argued auto drivers. Autos are the only public transport which occasionally use Pramatha Chaudhuri Sarani. \"It eases the congestion to a large extent. But the police do not allow it,\" said Sudip Sinha, an auto driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412415", "title": "Poonam Pandey comes in rescue of Air India crew", "text": "Internet Celebrity and model Poonam Pandey has openly come out in the rescue and support of Air India Crew who have not been paid salaries past 5 months and have decided to go on strike, starting from April 2.The Interget Girl tweeted , \" #WasOnFlight #AirIndia And while leaving that Crew told me shedding tears, that mam can u get this Problem of us in Notice #NotPaidSince5Months\".One of the crew members told her that because of non payment since past 5 months he had to Stop his Sons Tuition Classes .She further tweeted, \"My Heart Bleeds for Air India Crew, who are not being Paid for past 5 Months... i wonder how are they sustaning themselves\".Meanwhile, three rounds of talks of Air India Employee Unions with the management failed today. As many as seven unions out of the 13 today had three rounds of meetings with the management here, but management could not give us a written commitment for full payment of our salaries and performance-linked incentives, which have not been paid for the past five months,\" union sources said.However, Air India management sources say, \"All the major Air India unions, including those of the pilots, met the management this evening here and we have assured them to clear salaries and performance-linked incentives of one month next early month; and clear all arrears by May when the government will infuse money\"It is not clear, whether the efforts of Poonam Pandey ould force Management to pay the due salaries and prevent the strike, but surely she did something good for the employees welfare. Come on Poonam and strip this time for Air India employees, if they are paid all their arrears and Salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409973", "title": "On a tech high, Karnataka MLAs wish to log in to iPad 3", "text": "BANGALORE: Dismissing iPad 2 as \"stock clearance sale\" , Karnataka MLAs are all set to petition the assembly secretariat to give them the latest version - iPad-3 .The secretariat last week gave away 64GB iPad-2 to all 225 MLAs for over Rs 1 crore. However, some MLAs are unhappy that despite the worldwide release of the latest generation of iPads, the secretariat has given them old models.\"We have planned to submit a memorandum to the Speaker and the secretariat seeking iPad-3 and asking them to take back the old gadget. The latest version launched in March second week is expected to be available in India next month. Like iPad-1 , iPad-2 will also be outdated by next month,\" Tumkur Rural MLA B Suresh Gowda told TOI.In December 2011, 75 MLCs were given 64GB iPads each worth Rs 46,900 at a total cost of Rs 35.17 lakh. This move came after Parliament sanctioned each MP Rs 50,000 to buy an iPad. Before iPads, each legislator was gifted a laptop during the JDS-BJP coalition government.NA Haris, Shanthinagar MLA, lauded the initiative of giving iPads. \"We can learn many things and stay tuned to latest developments around the world. As these are easy to carry, legislators will find them useful,\" he said. Both the assembly and council secretariats have planned to hold an experts' session on its operation aspects.The price of this updated version of the WiFi-only model remains at $499 (Rs 25,760). The most expensive 4G model , with 64GB of storage, will go for $829 (Rs 42,797). The previous iPad2 with 3G sold for Rs 32,000 to Rs 46,900. Apple retailers say the new version will cost more when it hits the market here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12408048", "title": "Security guard found dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 23-year-old private security guard was found dead at his office in East Marredpally on Sunday. The victim, identified as Rahul from Assam, was working with Top Star Security Services Company located at Archana Apartment in Mahendra Hills.Rahul's body was found at around 1 pm on Sunday when the firm's owner, Naveen Solomon, went to the office to check why Rahul was not responding to his phone calls. \"Some security guards, who were supposed to be relieved from night duties, called me and said that Rahul was not responding to their calls. His mobile phone was also switched off. As no one was answering the landline calls either, I rushed to the office and found him in a pool of blood in the cabin where security guards sleep,\" Naveen said.\"The assailants smashed Rahul's head with a dumbbell. We recovered the blood-stained weapon from the spot,\" ACP Mahankali, GP Vasu Sena, said.As per office records, security guards Sohail and Avinash, who also hail from Assam, went to the office at around 11 am after night shift. They are supposed to be the last persons who spoke to the victim, police said.\"We suspect that the duo might have killed Rahul as their cellphones are switched off and they are not available since then,\" the ACP said. Police have booked a case under section 302 (Murder) of the IPC and launched a manhunt to nab the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408551", "title": "Truck hits official jeep, additional RTO critically hurt", "text": "LUCKNOW: An additional RTO ranked officer, three constables of the department and the vehicle driver were seriously injured, when their official jeep was knocked off by a truck carrying boulders suspected to be extracted by illegal mining in Jalaun district on Sunday.The incident took place around 11.00 a.m. on Sunday when Passenger Tax Officer (PTO) Jalaun RK Singh was on a checking drive near Kalyan Bharti police outpost in Kalpi police circle of the district.\"We decided to intercept the trucks and so parked official jeep in the middle of the road to block its way. I was standing in the middle. The official driver of the jeep was behind the wheels and the three constables were standing beside me,\" Singh said. \"As the truck came near, we signalled it to stop. It apparently slowed down, as it came near but suddenly picked up speed and crashed through the barrier of sorts that we had set up using our official vehicle. All of us tried to get out of the truck's path. By the time we could gather ourselves, the truck has sped away,\" the official said.It rammed into the jeep with so much force that the vehicle rolled off the road to land on its roof in a ditch beside the road. All five persons including the three policemen, the driver and the PTO suffered severe injuries.They had to be rushed to the nearby primary health centre in Jalaun before being referred to the district hospital in Auraiyya.It was later revealed that the erring truck driver apparently lost control over the wheels and rammed into a roadside restaurant about a couple of kilometres away from the site of the incident and came to a halt. The truck driver then abandoned the truck and fled. The truck was later seized by the police.PTO RK Singh said it was a clear cut case of a determined attack to intimidate the officials who could be a hindrance for the mining mafia in the region. \"We were basically concerned with the overloading of the truck, but what has happened confirms that the truck driver was apparently apprehensive of landing into a bigger problem,\" Singh told the police at the hospital.Their have been allegations that the mining mafia has been operating in the region in connivance with the authorities, who were paid regular cuts. At times the two sides clash following tiffs related to payment of the cuts.It is also alleged that the mining mafia also keeps the local police in good humour and perhaps this could be one reason why a truck driver operating on the route could dare to crash through the PTO staff despite the fact that the checking was being done at a stone throw distance from the local Kalyan Bharti police outpost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409843", "title": "Farmers should repay loans by March 31, says Bisen", "text": "BHOPAL: Cooperatives Minister Gaurishankar Bisen has exhorted farmers to repay latest by March 31 the loans taken by them for Kharif crops. Farmers will have to pay only one percent interest if they repay their short-term loans by March 31.Bisen was addressing the annual meeting of Sewa Sahakari Samiti, Jarera at village Kumhari in Balaghat district on Friday. MLA Shri Ramkishore Kanwre and district cooperative central bank chairman Uday Singh Nagpure were also present on the occasion.Minister Bisen said that loans at one percent interest rate are being extended to farmers in only Madhya Pradesh. The State Government is reimbursing rest of 11 percent interest from its exchequer. He said that the State Government has made a provision of Rs. 3.5 crore in its budget for this purpose. The Cooperative Minister said that interest will be calculated from June 1 on the advance quota of fertilisers lifted by farmers. He appealed to farmers to lift advance quota of fertilisers on first come first serve basis.Bisen said that a godown costing Rs. 10.50 lakh will be constructed at Kumhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12407803", "title": "Maoists' Orissa double kidnapping seen as tactical blunder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The killing of top Maoist leader Kishenji and arrest of top cadres seems to have weakened the extremist outfit's central leadership, taking a toll on the group's operational planning with the Orissa double kidnap seen as a major tactical blunder.The kidnap of BJD tribal MLA Jhina Hikaka at a time when Maoists were already holding two Italians captive might have diminished Odisha area chief Sabyasachi Panda's negotiating position forcing him to release one of the Italians on Sunday.The MLA's abduction and killing of a police official compromised Panda who had to condemn the acts as a violation of the ceasefire agreed to by the state CPI ML committee. His options were further constrained by negotiators B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty calling off their efforts.The conflicting actions of Kandhamal-based cadres, who abducted the Italians, and the Daya group - suspected to be behind the kidnap of Hikaka - is seen as evidence of slackening of the high command's authority.Official sources said Kishenji's death and arrest of leaders like Kobad Gandhy has created a vacuum at the top and led to loss of control over area committees, with factional bosses working to their own agendas. Over the past year, several key state level leaders have been apprehended in Odisha, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Bihar.Local acts of intimidation at this time of the year are linked to efforts to discourage people from accessing Odisha's deeply forested areas where ultras are involved in collection of ganja, a money-spinner for the extremists. But the abduction of Hikaka seems to have been an overkill.Political sources said the kidnap of Hikaka, a well-regarded tribal leader, has added to the pressure on Panda who is very keen to not only ensure release of his wife Subhashree from jail, but to also gain a safe passage for himself as security forces are believed to be snapping at his heels.\"Leaders like Hikaka are working to bring tribals into the mainstream. The soft approach has worked and now Maoist-affected districts are down to three from 22 till some time ago,\" said BJD MP Bhartruhari Mahtab .The abduction of Hikaka is seen to be the work of Maoists from Andhra Pradesh. The faction seems to have overplayed its hand as Hikaka, a law graduate, is popular and his kidnapping might cost Maoists considerable sympathy.In Kandhamal as well as in Makangiri and Koraput districts, the Maoists have come under increasing pressure in the wake of states like Odisha, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Bihar coordinating their actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408463", "title": "Housing board flats to cost 10-16% more", "text": "LUCKNOW: New houses and plots offered by the UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB) in the city may cost nearly 10-16% more with the state government agency planning to jack up prices in the new financial year.An internal committee of the board has recommended a raise of 5-25% in the land cost in various schemes across UP. This will lead to an increase of 10-16% in case of a majority of housing board properties. For areas around Delhi, the rise could be more, sources indicated.A proposal for increase is ready and likely to be placed before the housing commissioner next week. Housing Board secretary JB Singh said it was a preliminary recommendation which was yet to get the government's final clearance.\"The market prices have seen an upward trend in recent times. This called for a technical examination of the properties owned by the board,\" said a senior housing board official.The move comes a year after the last hike of 15-16%. Private developers have jacked up rates manifold in this period.Plots and the semi-finished houses directly offered by the board have already been sold out.So, the effect would largely be seen on apartments which are constructed and sold by private builders under the scheme. In Lucknow, the prices of plots and houses in the operational housing projects like Vrindavan housing scheme on Rae Bareli Road will escalate between 10% and 16%, JB Singh said.The prices of apartments in UPHDB schemes in the city range between Rs 2,000 and Rs 2,500 per sq foot. It is this segment which would see its prices spiraling when the raised rates come into effect. Significantly, it was this segment alone which was hit by farmers agitation, which demanded higher compensation for their land.The UPHDB sources said that the rise would affect not only its existing projects but also the upcoming ones. The board plans to come up with a new housing scheme on Sultanpur Road, they added.Spread over an area of around 1,200 acres, the township will be close to the hi-tech township on the Lucknow-Sultanpur highway. In fact, the board pins its hope on Shaheed Path getting operational soon. The flyover will bring its existing residential colony on Rae Bareli road closer to the city limits as it connects Rae Bareli road with Sultanpur road and further up to Faizabad road. The commuting time will then reduce by half. At the same time, the board intends to construct more housing units in other districts. Sources said that the board will soon organize a registration camp where house owners will be able to get their properties registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412595", "title": "Bubbly soiree", "text": "An evening without revelry is almost unheard of in Chennai.No matter what the occasion, the denizens of this town believe in living it up, in the manner most suited to them. A recent get-together of some of the city's high-flyers from the diplomatic circle was rife with good cheer and bonhomie. The wine and dine event gave the attendees an opportunity to relax in the midst of friends while sipping on some lovely spirits and occasionally nibbling on small eats. The party picked up steam as more friends came tumbling and regaled each other with tales from the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12408997", "title": "Cousins swept away by Hooghly high tide", "text": "HOWRAH: A Class-X student and her cousin are feared to have drowned in the Hooghly after a flash high tide swept them away from Howrah's Chalpatti Ghat on Sunday afternoon.Mousumi Dolui, 15, and Ramtanu Hait, 12, had gone to the river with their grandfather to take a bath. Suddenly, the children were swept away by a flash high tide.The current was so strong that even before others could make an effort to save them the children were swept far away towards Bally, the grandfather, Jaladhar Dolui said.River traffic police swung into action after a complaint was lodged. Cops are also taking the help of professional divers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413963", "title": "'Uttaran' takes 18 years leap", "text": "Producers of 'Uttaran' are anxious about viewers' response to the serial's 18-year time leap.The leap takes place tonight and one will see Tina Datta, who plays Icchha , in a double role. Other actors like Nandish Sandhu, Rashmi Desai and Gaurav Chopra have bid goodbye to the show.The leap will see a new set of actors playing the next generation youngsters. However, the problem that the serial is likely to face is the lack of stars. With no big name in the new set of actors, it may be a tough road ahead for Uttaran, which has been on past three years on TV.Last few weeks the serial had been doing well with some interesting tracks and good performances by Nandish-Gaurav-Tina. So also by the flamboyant Nikhil Arya.Incidentally, his character Inspector Tarte had a little son in the show. Wonder if the son will grow up into another Nikhil? That's would be a good idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12409388", "title": "Norms hinder growth of students\u2019 consumer clubs", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as more schools in Dakshina Kannada district are keen to start students' consumer clubs, the government rules on funding seem to be dampening the spirit of students and teachers. The state government started releasing funds to encourage schools to open consumer clubs in 2010-11 for which funding has been restricted to only 20 schools in a district. Only 20 schools will receive Rs 10,000 each per year to conduct various consumer awareness activities through the department of Food and Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs.Though more schools have shown interest to open clubs, the government has not lifted the cap on funding schools even after two years. However, 54 schools in the district have consumer clubs.Though the government sanction is restricted to 20 schools, 34 schools have started clubs with the help of NGOs and consumer organizations without awaiting aid from the government.Sharanabasappa, deputy director, department of food and civil supplies and consumer affairs, told STOI that more clubs have opened consumer clubs because of the active participation of consumer activists. \"The department will be able to extend financial aid to more schools only if the government increases the sanctions,\" he added.Federation of Consumer Organisations secretary P Vishnu said though there are about 459 government aided and unaided high schools in the district, only 54 schools have been able to open clubs. \"Clubs can be opened in more schools if the government sanction is extended to all schools. Similarly, lack of awareness on consumer activism is also a reason for schools not coming forward to open clubs. Meanwhile, many schools do not get adequate time for consumer awareness activities as they give more emphasis to science club, eco club etc,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12410041", "title": "Meru drivers seek cop help to start operations from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Meru strike continued for the fifth day, with 80% taxis staying off the roads. The drivers who are not part of the protest held a meeting on Sunday and have decided to ply cabs on Monday morning.Said Meru Cabs CEO Rajesh Puri, \"More than 75% drivers don't support the strike. But they are afraid of taking cabs on the road as there is a fear of being attacked by hooligans coming in cars and on motorcycles. They are now seeking police protection to run taxis from Monday.\"On Sunday, there were 400 taxis (of the 2,000 strong Meru fleet) available to passengers and this is likely to cross 1,000 by Monday.Sources said the Swabhiman Sanghatana union, which has been protesting against the Meru management, wants to hold discussions and \"settle \" the issue. \"We are not being called for negotiations. It seems the management is not bothered about the welfare of drivers,\" said union leader K K Tiwari. He said every driver incurred losses to the tune of Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000 per month and they also needed weekly-offs. \"The management should also grant them leave to go to villages during festivals,\" he stated. Tiwari has threatened to go on a hunger strike along with some drivers from Tuesday if their demands are not met by then.Puri said he was not planning to call any union leader for discussion as there was no need to do so. He said that whatever demands were reasonable were already considered during the last meeting with the unions. \"This is the third strike in seven months. I have full faith in the police which will deal with anti-social elements trying to disrupt taxi services,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408242", "title": "Rs 220 crore earmarked for Mahatama Mandir, Sachivalaya", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has approved a budget of Rs 219 crore for various civic projects in the state capital Gandhinagar. The works will be undertaken by the capital projects division of the roads and building department over the next one year.A major allocation of Rs 80 crore has been made specifically for the Mahatma Mandir's second phase. This involves construction of salt mound, Gandhi garden, cable stayed bridge, exhibition center and development of parking space.Apart from these works the government has decided to construct two new blocks in the secretariat at an estimated cost of Rs 140 crore. This will involve multi-storeyed offices for state officials to be constructed at a cost of Rs 80 crore, district offices for Rs 26 crore and a massive Rs 36.42 crore for a Swarnim park in the capital city.Apart from this the roads and buildings department has earmarked Rs 18.13 crore for strengthening water supply network, Rs 14.81 crore for modernization of the secretariat. A massive budget of Rs 75 crore has been earmarked for the Gandhinagar-Koba-Hansol expressway. Hansol bridge will be turned six lanes at the cost of Rs 45 crore, while an additional allocation of Rs 64 crore has been made to road to Gift City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12413003", "title": "Experts concerned as students losing interest in physics", "text": "Allahabad: To make physics interesting and easy to understand, it should be made simple at the elementary level, said professor Vishwaroop Mukhopadhayaya, a scientist at Harish Chandra Research Institute (HRI), while addressing students at the daylong workshop organised by Tagore Public School on Sunday.professor Vishwaroop Mukhopadhayaya said, \"It is being increasingly observed that the number of students opting physics for higher studies is falling sharply which points towards their loss of interest in the subject.\" Putting forth her views, former head of department of physics, Allahabad University, Indira Mehrotra said that multimedia plays an important role in the study of physics and using it effectively can develop interest in the subject.Stressing the use of latest research techniques in the study of physics, member, Indian Association of Physics Teachers (IAPT), R N Kapoor said that young scientists and students should be encouraged to work in the field of research.Professor A K Mittal of department of physics, Allahabad University, also threw light on the principles of rethinking and understanding and said that practicals help a lot in understanding the principles of physics.Former HoD, physics, Allahabad University, Indira Mehrotra said that multimedia plays an important role in the study of physics and using it effectively can develop interest in the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408304", "title": "Rape victim attempts suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A teenage girl, who was allegedly gangraped by three youths in Cantt area of the city on Saturday, tried to end her life on Sunday by consuming a chemical dye. The victim has been admitted to the ICU of Ursula Horsman Hospital. Her condition is stable.The Class 12 girl was allegedly gangraped by three persons, including one Rajiv, and his two friends in the Cantt area of the city.The girl had alleged that one Rajiv, who used to frequent her landlord's house, told her that her mother had met with a mishap and had been taken to a hospital. Rajiv asked the girl to accompany them.The victim alleged that Rajiv took her to an unknown place where two of his friends were waiting for them. They, thereafter, raped her and later dumped her near her house in Maikupurwa.Police have lodged a named FIR but the accused are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408515", "title": "Minister promises new small industries policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Good news for the micro, small and medium scale industries in the state. Minister for small industries and export promotion (independent charge) Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar has promised that a new industrial policy will be formulated to promote small industries in the state.Gangwar, an MLA from Nawabganj in Bareilly, has been touring his home constituency over the past few days. He also said a special scheme for Bundelkhand would be put in place. Shamim Khan, a zardozi unit owner in Bareilly, said, \"He has promised to revive a defunct rubber factory unit in Bareilly. Immediate efforts will also be made to give an impetus to the local surma (kohl), zardozi and manjha businesses in Bareilly.'' Gangwar also met with the office bearers of Indian Industries Association (IIA), the apex body of micro, small and medium scale enterprises in the country.IIA member Sanjay Kumar Sharma said, \"The minister interacted with the office bearers and discussed ways in which industry can be promoted in Bareilly region. He also expressed interest in setting up a herbal garden in this region in a bid to consolidate the ayurvedic and unani medicine sectors.''With many of Bareilly's smaller business units falling within the unorganised segment, Gangwar has also said that he would work towards giving them a more cohesive shape over the coming years. The minister also promised to set up more units in Bundelkhand and Poorvanchal regions of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410058", "title": "Prudence in power subsidy needed to save discoms", "text": "JAIPUR: Given the record revenue receipts in the current year, Gehlot has the wiggle room to walk the extra mile in appeasing people, whose disillusionment with the government is being felt by the ruling Congress party.Notwithstanding the huge allocations in previous budgets for water and energy projects, the water and electricity remain the uppermost worries for the people of the state.Experts say now it would be prudent for the government to invest in implementation of these projects and expect Gehlot to announce steps to improve the delivery mechanism.While the chief minister is expected to promise more subsidized electricity and free connections to the rural people, the burden should not be transferred to the urban citizens and industry in the form of increased tariffs. More importantly, Gehlot needs to come up with a solution to reduce the massive debt of nearly Rs 45,000 crore roiling the state power distribution companies.There is an urgent need to infuse a fresh lease of life into the dwindling state of MGNREGA. The sharp decline in the number of beneficiaries has to be arrested and the government cannot hide under the excuse that the Central government has not increased the number activities, where the NAREGA workers can participate . The state needs water bodies and the workers can be used for that purpose.The tax regime in the state with regard to alcohol has encouraged smuggling from neighbouring states like Haryana. This has resulted in the state losing out on revenues. In the case of diesel too, the high taxes in Rajasthan has forced vehicles to fill up in Delhi and Haryana. Industry experts expect chief minister to spell out measures which will not only raise the state's revenues but also bring an end to the illegal activities.The inability of the government in clinching big-ticket industrial projects for the state and the failure to create a buzz about state's advantages as a premier investment destination in the country and abroad have been identified as major reasons behind the slowdown in the pace of industrial development in the state.Business community feels the government has failed to market the state and also it should implement the single-window clearance policy in right spirit, which is missing now.Gehlot needs to bring in some provisions in the budget to give more teeth to the policy, says industry.While there will be another opportunity for a budget before going to assembly polls, the Congress party would like to kick off the campaign with this budget doling out a slew of populist measures. So, expect some goodies as Gehlot rises to present the state budget today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409383", "title": "'MPs need to stand together for city's development'", "text": "NAGPUR: In the 15th Parliament, there are five Members of Parliament (MPs) who have a direct connection with the city. Vilas Muttemwar , Mukul Wasnik, Avinash Pande and Vijay Darda have now been joined by city businessman Ajay Sancheti in the Parliament.So what does this mean to the city? Till now the considerable representation of four has not borne any noticeable fruits in the form of development; the speculation is whether the addition is going to change things.Advocate Firdos Mirza said there was a lack of team work in the MPs and didn't have a common blue print for the city's development. \"They need to rise above the party lines and work together to bring development to the region,\" he said.On similar lines, architect Ashok Mokha said, \"I have high hopes from them. If they come together and express a strong political will, development is bound to come.\"Having five MPs from the city is an additional advantage, feels Avinash Prabhune, an RTI activist of the city. \"All these MPs are well aware of the problems of the city and can and have a lot to do to solve them. The trick is to come together, and as four out of the five are of the same party, it should not be very difficult,\" he said.But on the other hand he also said that he has not seen any significant work because of the four MPs in the past. \"Their names don't even appear in context of MIHAN. They should work to remove the obstacles in development projects,\" he said citing various projects like Ram jhula, Mankapur railway crossing fly over, Delhi-Nagpur Duronto and so on.Pradyumna Sahasrabhojanee, an eco-social activist on the other hand felt that nothing will change. \"What development have we seen? They have developed themselves well. And they are not even our true representatives. The party high command decides who is going to represent which area, and hence the candidates have no commitment to the region they represent,\" he said.He further added that having more MPs will not help unless sincere and responsible people are elected. \"The whole system needs to be cleansed, otherwise whether it is five or twenty five, nothing would change,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "aurangabad/mumbai", "code": "12414443", "title": "Maharashtra ATS guns down Ahmedabad terror blast suspect, arrests two", "text": "AURANGABAD/MUMBAI: A suspect in the 2008 Ahmedabad blasts was killed and two of his accomplices arrested in an encounter with Maharashtra ATS on Monday which also left a constable wounded at Aurangabad.The deceased has been identified as Khaleel, a resident of Gulmohar Colony in Ahmedabad, police said.The encounter occurred near Uddhav Rao Patil Chowk in Himayat Bagh area of the town around 12.30pm, sources said, adding two accomplices of Khaleel identified as Mohammed Shabbir and Abrar, were arrested in an injured condition after the encounter in which an ATS constable Sheikh Arif was also wounded.All three have been admitted to the Government Medical College and Hospital at Aurangabad, the sources said.One of the two arrested was also involved in the murder of a BJP activist, they said.Ahmedabad was rocked by 21 bomb blasts in July 2008 within a span of 70 minutes in which 56 people were killed and over 200 injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411560", "title": "Indraneil Sengupta to star in 'Doshomi'", "text": "The climax of \" Kahaani\" unfolded on a Doshomi (Durga idol immersion) day ending in the death of Milind Dhamji played by Indraneil Sengupta, but the actor's tryst with Doshomi has not ended with that.Sengupta, 37, is reinventing himself in Bengali film \"Doshomi\" which revolves around five days of Durga Puja festivity and the equation between a boy, who owns a cyber cafe, and a girl, who is his childhood friend having returned from the US to soak in the autumn festival.Flooded with congratulatory messages for his portrayal of Arnob Bagchi and Milind Dhamji in \"Kahaani\", Indraneil said,\" I am happy with the massive audience response.\"\"For me 'Doshomi', named after the last day of the Durga Puja, is more than a film; it makes me feel connected to the festivities in Kolkata, that too in traditional north Kolkata,\" added the actor, who has not got the opportunity yet to be the part of the festival in Kolkata.He shares the scrren space with Koel Mallick, daughter of prominent actor Ranjit Mallick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409460", "title": "Ticket row: BJP leaders heckled outside Venkaiah home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry with the BJP election committee over tickets, several party workers roughed up senior BJP leader Vijay Jolly and Palam MLA Dharam Dev Solanki on Sunday. The incident occurred outside the house of former BJP national president and in-charge of Delhi, Venkaiah Naidu, when both party leaders had come to attend the election committee meeting.With just a day left for filing the nominations for the upcoming municipal polls, a large crowd of party workers had gathered outside Naidu's residence at the time. Sources present during the fracas said that several of the party workers had been upset over the alleged selection process, and had been protesting for the past few days.When the two senior BJP leaders came for the meeting, the crowd had gathered at the entrance and turned on Jolly and Solanki, added eyewitnesses. After the incident, Naidu's residence was barricaded and security was beefed up.Now, party workers are demanding a \"fresh inspection\" of the list sent by different BJP mandals and district committees. The sense of unrest is especially prevalent in the Hauz Rani constituency, said insiders. \"We want candidates who deserve the ticket and not the favourites being pitched by the election committee,\" said a BJP leader.Speaking to the media after the incident, Jolly threatened that such \"indiscipline\" will not be tolerated in the party. He added, \"Appropriate action will be taken against the party workers.\"Meanwhile, ticket-seekers visited the saffron party's legal cell to verify their paperwork through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12409233", "title": "Technopark seeks SEZ clearance for 130 acres of land", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Technopark has requested SEZ clearance for around 130 acres of land for the Technocity project.\"We moved two applications to the Union ministry of commerce and industry on Friday. Our request includes land on both sides of NH 47, the TCS and the Infosys side. The board of approvals meeting on March 30 will decide on this,\" said Technopark CEO Girish Babu.When asked why the Technopark had opted for SEZ clearance only for 130 acres, while it had close to 420 acres in its possession, the CEO said, \"To apply for SEZ status, the survey numbers need to be a on a continuous stretch. That is the criterion. We could only manage to get around 130 acres that can be treated as a single plot.\"The Technopark now has 350 acres in its possession, as the high court has stayed the possession of 70 acres as some of the plots belong to clay mine owners who approached the court with a petition stating that they had obtained permission of Union ministry of mines to carry out mining. Some parts of the land belong to individuals as well. So, the HC stayed acquisition of land in Pallipuram, Andoorkonam, Melthonnakkal and Veiloor villages.Meanwhile, Infosys has requested that its property on 50 acres be included in the SEZ list . \"Infosys is a co-developer and the company could have directly asked for clearance but they wanted us to do it and so we have included their property in the application A,\" said K Venu, manager, land acquisition.Technocity has been planned as an IT-satellite city. Non-SEZ areas will likely have residential, commercial, hospitality, medical and educational facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410319", "title": "Malwa wheat losing ground on home turf", "text": "INDORE: The production of Malwa wheat, also known as durum, has gone down in a place of its origin--Malwa region of the state. Strangely, it is happening when the variety has registered good production in other wheat zones of the country.Advantages with Malwa wheat are many. First, it is considered to be a staple traditional diet like bati, bafhla, laddu, dalia, churma, lapsi and upma. Secondly, it is also useful for manufacturing fast food items like sewian, noodle, spaghetti, vermicelli and others. Thirdly, it requires comparatively less quantity of water. With only one or two watering, Malwa-ratna and Malwa-kirti varieties can give a yield of 30-40 quintal per hectare.Another variety of Malwa wheat, Poshan, can even give a yield of 50-60 quintal per hectare. Above all, Malwa wheat enjoys less competition compared to the popular variety, Sharbati, on the international front and hence commands good price.Last year, the area covered under this variety was 20% of total wheat cultivation in the state. However, this year the area covered under Durum variety is down by 10%. In contrast, Malwa wheat is gaining popularity in Gujarat (Kathiawad &amp; Saurashtra), Bundelkhand (UP), Rajasthan (Kota &amp; Udaipur) and western Maharashtra.The unattractive price accounts for decline in Malwa wheat production. Farmers do not even get the minimum support price (MSP). Lack of storage facility is another problem, feel the experts. Moreover, limited production capacity of un-irrigated varieties of wheat and its sensitiveness towards red rust disease also led to the decline in production in the central India since sixties, they add.Keeping in view the growing importance of Malwa wheat, IARI-Regional station in Indore, which specialises in wheat research, has developed a number of varieties of Malwa wheat, which boast of better productivity, and are free from wheat crop-related diseases.Talking to ToI, AN Mishra, principal scientist &amp; head, IARI-Regional station, Indore, said, \"Keeping in view the growing importance of Malwa wheat, we have advised the government to allow contract farming so that the farmers involved in its growing should get a premium price while selling their produce. Also, companies like Bambino and Farm &amp; Fresh are ready to go for contract farming.\"In contrast, Malwa wheat is gaining popularity in Gujarat UP, Rajasthan and western Maharashtra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12409328", "title": "Parisara Bhavan inaugurated in Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: Minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the Parisara Bhavan in Dharwad on Sunday and called for people's participation in protecting environment.Built with funds from the MPLAD and state government on the HDMC land near Shrinagar cross, the Bhavan will be managed by Hubli-Dharwad Nagarika Parisara Samiti.Shettar said Hubli-Dharwad are seeing lot of development activities under the BJP government and the tanks in twin cities are being cleaned and beautified with development of parks and walking path.MP Prahlad Joshi released a folder containing details of activities conducted by Parisara Samiti .He said Indian tradition preached living with nature while Westerners believed in using the nature for their greed. Shettar and Joshi planted saplings in the Bhavan premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12410164", "title": "Rights panel on 3-day tour", "text": "RANCHI: Human rights activists from different parts of the country are on a three-day visit to the state to study the alleged violations of human rights by the security forces carrying out anti-Maoist operations.Assembled under the banner of Coordination of Democratic Rights Organization (CDRO), an umbrella organization comprising 20 organizations, the team set out on its tour of the Palamu division on Sunday. During their stay, the team is going to visit Latehar, Palamu and Garhwa district before moving to the Saranda region in East Singhbhum district. The team comprises national general secretary of Peoples Union for Democratic Rights Gautam Navlakha besides other human rights activists. Representatives from organizations like the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights, Human Rights Forum Andhra Pradesh , Coordination of Human Rights Manipur are also in the team.Former member of the Peoples Union for Civil Liberties Jharkhand Shashi Bhushan Pathak said the team would meet villagers in Latehar, Palamu and Garhwa and take a stock of the security operations being carried out there. \"Having received complaints of police repression from the villagers, we decided to venture into the villages and hear from them directly about the situation prevailing there,\" he said. After returning to Ranchi, the team will visit Saranda region for a similar study. \"We are going to prepare a detailed report and submit it to the government so that deliberate harassment of villagers could be prevented,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409480", "title": "'Parents need counselling'", "text": "NAGPUR: The recent accident wherein two ITI students were mowed down by a car driven by a 17-year-old at South Ambazari road is a perfect example of negligent parental supervision. \"If such parenting continues mishaps cannot be ruled out\", said a panellist participating in a discussion 'Just an accident' organized in city on Sunday.Panellists including psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave, Milind Apte, principal of Center Point School, Kana Roy Choudhari, principal of Modern School SN Joshi, advocate Anand Parchure and additional commissioner of police Anup Kumar Singh were discussing if children or their parents are responsible for uncontrolled behaviour of children.Awareness in parents is more important along with lessons of self discipline. \"If parents do not to give vehicles to their underage wards and make them aware of traffic rules, there will be no need for policing\", the panellists said.Initiating the debate, psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave said, \"Though I would describe this incident as a teenage thing, it is also a failure of parents to perform their duty. Underage kids driving vehicles has become a norm these days. If parents avoid giving teenagers such facilities, such mishaps could be avoided in future.\"Principal of Modern School, SN Joshi said, \"Parents should teach discipline to their wards.\" Principal of Center Point School Kana Roy Choudhari said that she is ashamed that all the boys involved in the accident were from her school. She opined that underage driving should be made heavily punishable. \"We punish our students for such things which every other school should also follow,\" she added.Jayant Apte of Dhyan Prabodhini said, \"Students never make mistakes, its parents who always force them to do such things. Teenagers today are given mobiles, two-wheelers Internet etc. Why should kids be given such things? Many students with whom I interacted have said that its parents who force them to do such things. Its parents who need counselling.\"Additional commissioner of police Anup Kumar Singh said unfortunately accidents cases are on the rise in city. He accepted that police failed to take action because of low manpower in traffic police department. \"It is the responsibility of all sections of society to abide by the law and prevent such mishaps in future,\" he said.If parents take responsibility not to give vehicles to their underage wards and make them aware of laws of traffic, there will be no need for strict policing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413073", "title": "Ill health forces Ram Charan to skip the Nandi Awards", "text": "Actor Ram Charan Tej, who was awarded the Special Jury award for his film \" Magadheera\" for the year 2009, was conspicuous with his absence at the Nandi Awards night on Friday.And much hoopla was made about him giving the awards night a skip. But the actor, who wants to put all rumors to rest, tells us that he was not able to receive the award personally as he was unwell.\"I've been ill for a while and I've been working overnight on the \"Zanjeer\" script. I had an appointment with the doctor too. That's the only reason I couldn't make it. I'm honored and humbled that I have been awarded the Nandi a second time. My first Nandi was a Special Jury Award for my debut, \"Chirutha\". I'm very grateful for all the love shown to me,\" says Ram Charan Tej.The actor who will turn 27 tomorrow, is busy with his Bollywood debut right now, apart from working on two big Tollywood ventures - \"Racha\" and \"Yevadu\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12412804", "title": "Assam Engineering College chemical dept sees low recruitment", "text": "GUWAHATI: For the past three to four years, recruitment of potential candidates from the chemical engineering branch of Assam Engineering College (AEC) has either been very low or even nil compared to other departments.AEC is the only educational institute in the northeast, apart from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), to have a chemical engineering branch. While the other departments at the college are visited by both government companies and private MNCs for recruitments, the chemical engineering department hardly sees any placement visits. So much so that the final semester students of the department are either preparing for an MBA degree or for GATE as companies prefer to recruit candidates from civil, mechanical and computer science departments.While 20 companies have visited the college in the past two months for recruitments, the last company to visit the chemical department was IOC in September 2011. Then too, only six students were recruited, about half the number of students recruited from other departments.The main reason that recruitment is so low in this department is that there are any hardly chemical factories in the region, explained a student at AEC. The PSUs say as there are no other colleges with chemical engineering departments, it is pointless to visit one, he added. \"There are 66 students in the chemical engineering branch and companies like IOC only choose the toppers. What about the other talented students?\" he said.In the past few weeks, companies like Samsung Electronics, OIL, Huawei Technologies, KEC International and Microsoft India have visited the college. KEC recruited nine from the civil and mechanical branches while OIL recruited five from the mechanical branch and one from civil. Around 20 students appeared for the Huawei test and results are yet to be announced. Ten students had appeared for the Microsoft India test.\"We are expecting more companies to come as our college is doing better than other colleges. As for the chemical branch, it hasn't been lucky. Some of the students are quite worried. The government should exert pressure on PSUs to recruit students from this region,\" said Raihanoor Ehsan, training and placement secretary, AEC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12409203", "title": "Five hurt in temple fest blast", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The vedivazhipad offering at Vellayani Devi Temple on Sunday resulted in an explosion. The fire that followed this explosion gutted a cracker unit and injured five persons.The fire broke out moments before the annual pongala festival started. Hundreds of women were present when the explosion occurred and since they hadn't reached the mishap spot, they escaped.Temple authorities confirmed that the mishap occurred around 8.45am when the vedivazhipad began. Two sets of crackers were lined up for the ritual. While one set was arranged in the courtyard before the cracker unit, another was kept aside in a plastic bag.When the first set was ignited, the sparks lit up the second set kept in the bag and caused an explosion. The flares from this explosion that fell inside the cracker unit and ignited the stocked gun powder, causing a huge explosion.The cracker unit was located at the west end of the temple premise, which happened to be the rear side of the sanctum sanctorum.The five persons, who were injured, worked at the cracker unit. They are Vishnu (22) from Karakkamandapam, Vellayani residents Velappan (68), Vishnu (22), Unni (18) and Sivakumar (22). Except Sivakumar, the rest have been admitted to Thiruvananthapuram Medical College Hospital. Though, they have suffered serious burns, their condition is not critical, said hospital authorities.Fire and Rescue Services additional divisional officer Reni Lukose - who led the rescue operations - said a major disaster was averted due to the timely intervention of the fire fighting unit that was stationed at the temple. The absence of devotees near the cracker unit aided fire fighters.The Nemom police have registered a case against Poozhikunnu native Shiva Kumar, the licencee of the unit, under the explosives act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409937", "title": "Anna\u2019s clarion call strikes right chord with veterans", "text": "BANGALORE: Souring of the great Indian dream by the canker of corruption is not the subject of outrage among youth alone. The presence of senior citizens at a candlelight march here on Sunday to show solidarity with social crusader Anna Hazare's daylong fast in New Delhi, was proof that the nation's dismal state of affairs is a matter of concern for the elderly too.\"It is unfair on our part to sit back and expect a few people alone to raise their voice against malpractices. Anna has given us a direction and now we also have to play our part in protecting our democracy ,\" said Seshashayi K, 72, a retired general manager of State Bank of India , Mumbai . He has settled down in Bangalore.Carrying an interesting illustration of Mahatma Gandhi and Anna Hazare (half of their faces placed alongside each other), was Colonel (retd) Chandrakant TM. \"Both leaders follow the same principles and it is but fair that they be represented as one person,\" he said.\"This is my mite in contributing to this movement. Throughout my professional career as a college lecturer, I kept raising my voice against corruption. Today, I am glad to be here,\" said CV Geetha (72), proudly flashing Anna's autograph on the back of her identity badge.\"Give whistleblowers protection instead of killing them. This movement has given me a chance to put my foot down and say enough is enough, now stop. I want to leave behind a corruption-free world for my great-grandchildren . Anna has shown us the way and we will now carry it forward from here,\" said Nagamani Rao, 58, who has been supporting Anna's cause for two years.The march was organized by the Bangalore chapter of India Against Corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407812", "title": "Anna Arch to make way for flyovers", "text": "CHENNAI: The landmark Anna Arch that marks the entrance to Anna Nagar will soon make way for two flyovers. The twin arches will either be demolished or relocated by the highways department.Anna Arch will make way for a 117-crore project, comprising two flyovers and a vehicular subway. In the past month, a number of heritage buildings have come under threat of demolition due to the ongoing Metro Rail work.The arch was built in 1985 to commemorate the 75th birth anniversary of former chief minister C Annadurai. Though the structure has no heritage value, residents say it serves as a landmark.Highways department sources said they are waiting for the next council meeting of the Corporation of Chennai. \"It has to go, no doubt about that. The council will pass a resolution on whether to demolish it or relocate it,\" said the source. \"Relocation will be expensive and is not feasible, but there could be political pressures. It will most probably be relocated after initial resistance,\" said an official.The council meeting is likely to be scheduled on April 18, said corporation sources. The new system will remove the need for signals at two junctions at Nelson Manickam Road and Anna Arch on Poonamallee Road. The project is expected to be completed in December 2013.The two grand arches marking the entrance to Anna Nagar, formerly known as Naduvakkarai, will soon make way for two flyovers and a subway. Anna Nagar, named after former chief minister C Annadurai, was developed in the 1970s by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB). It was well planned with wide roads, following the US model of development. \"The arch was a sort of signature for a new settlement,\" said G Dattatri, one of the urban planners who laid out Anna Nagar. \"For many, the arch comes to mind instantly when you mention 'Anna Nagar',\" he said.The highways department has planned a `117-crore project to decongest the junction. Two L-shaped flyovers and a subway have been planned to remove the signals at Anna Arch and Nelson Manickam Road on Poonamalee High Road. More than 20,000 passenger car units use the stretch per hour. Anna Arch will either be demolished or relocated.Built in 1985 to commemorate the 75th birth anniversary of Annadurai, the arch soon became a famous landmark. \"For people from other parts of the city who are unfamiliar with Anna Nagar, it was the easiest way to guide them,\" said M C Sri Ram, who has been living in Anna Nagar since 1971.The late Gnanaolivu, who was TNHB chairman when Anna Nagar was planned, came up with the idea of a signature identity for each locality. \"He planned several localities and each has a unique landmark,\" said Dattatri, mentioning K K Nagar's Ashok Pillar and Nandanam's small arch. CIT Nagar has a Nandi statue, and pedestals were built in Mandaveli, CIT Colony and Kilpauk. However, residents who are tired of the chaotic traffic say the flyovers are long overdue.\"It is a necessity. I am sentimental about the arch but the traffic at the junction has become unbearable,\" said another resident U P Prakasham. \"It takes me 15 minutes to cross the junctions at Anna Arch and Nelson Manickam Road. And these flyovers are the only hope,\" he added. One flyover will start on EVR Salai and end on Nelson Manickam Road for commuters coming from Anna Nagar and Koyambedu.For commuters from Nelson Manickam Road, another flyover will start on Poonamalee High Road and turn right into Anna Nagar at the arch and fork into two. One fork will loop back onto Poonamalee High Road towards Central Station. The other will go straight to Anna Nagar roundtana. The subway will start on Poonamalee High Road and turn left near Anna Nagar arch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409974", "title": "BMC says vertical expansion driving huge population growth", "text": "The city's infrastructure is under severe strain because of population pressure. This has a direct bearing on quality of life, which has been deteriorating over the years despite prosperity levels going up. If the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is to be believed, things will only get worse.The civic body has estimated a massive jump in the city's population in the next ten years. From 124.33 lakh at present, it will increase by over 13% to 140.8 lakh by 2021. Thereafter, it will rise by 15.8 lakh to reach 156.6 lakh in 2031. The basis for the estimates is a projected increase in high-rises based on ongoing and proposed redevelopment projects. The predictions are being questioned as population growth in the last decade (2001-2011 ) was just 3.8% (119.78 lakh to 124.33 lakh).The BMC is using the estimates to justify a proposal for increasing water charges. Formulated by the hydraulic department in consultation with the municipal commissioner's office and the building proposals department, the proposal is before the standing committee.Senior politicians and serving and retired civic officials have raised eyebrows at the estimates and questioning the BMC's rationale for the water charge hike proposal. About the proposal, the BMC says it will need substantial capital investment in small and big water supply projects to cater to demand. It has listed ongoing and planned projects for the next 14 years, collectively worth Rs 42,000 crore.The civic body has proposed to revise water tax from residential societies from Rs 3.50 to Rs 4 per 1,000 litre; societies with a per capita consumption of over 150 litre per person per day will continue to be charged telescopic rates. As per the proposal, a residential society will end up paying Rs 6 per 1,000 litre on an average. The rates were last revised in 2002, though the BMC adopted the telescopic charging system in 2008. The proposal also includes increasing charges from Rs 2.25 to Rs 3.50 per 1,000 litre for chawls and slums, Rs 18 to Rs 30 per 1,000 litre for commercial establishments, Rs 25 to Rs 40 per 1,000 litre for factories and businesses, and Rs 38 to Rs 60 per 1,000 litre for hotels rated three stars and above. Also, the water supply department, claiming that administrative and maintenance costs were increasing at 8% per year, has sought permission for a natural rate hike of up to 8%. Former BJP group leader Ashish Shelar questioned the population estimates and said the natural rate hike demand was \"unconstitutional\". Questioning the size of the capital investment claimed, he called it a \"statistical lie\". He said he would launch a signature drive and an online campaign against the proposal in its present form.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said he was analyzing the proposal and was opposed to the \"natural hike\" suggestion. \"We plan to seek citizens' views on the entire proposal before approving it.\" A civic official questioned the BMC's population estimates and said, \"Despite the presence of a number of ongoing redevelopment projects, the island city in fact witnessed a negative population trend in the last decade.\"A retired hydraulic department chief, T V Shah, while endorsing the need for a review of the water tax, said some points were being suppressed, including the fact that the water and sewerage budget (Gbudget ) had been a surplus one for a while and that there were deposits worth Rs 12,000 crore in fixed deposits. Shah said that though the BMC claimed that the water supply subsidy was around Rs 1,050 crore, telescopic rates applicable on the middle class and the water and sewerage benefit levies, too, should be taken into account. BMC union leader Sharad Rao indicated he might move court against the proposal, which is likely to face resistance in the standing committee as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12409391", "title": "Taxi operators peeved at lifetime tax proposal", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bangalore Tourist Taxi Owners Association is peeved at the new 15% lifetime tax (LTT) proposal on tourist vehicles worth over Rs 10 lakh imposed by the state government in the budget. The association says that it will kill the industry as the tax proposal will heavily burden the industry which is already under distress.What the proposal means is that if a taxi owner has about 10 vehicles (above Rs 10 lakh bracket), the government valuation (depreciation) at 91% for the first two years takes the total cost of vehicles to Rs 5 crore, whereas bankers value it at Rs 2 crore. If the owners has to pay 15% LTT, which will be more than 20% (including cess and service tax) it works out to Rs 1 crore as one-time payment as against Rs 2.20 lakh what taxi owners used to pay annually.The association's general secretary K Radhakrishna Holla told TOI that if taxi owners were so rich, they could pay Rs 1 crore as LTT, they would have been in other business. What he does not mind is what Transport Development Council (TDC) proposed, which is 6% LTT.\"We are not against 6% LTT provided it is split over a period of 6-7 years. We also want the inter-state permit to be cancelled,'' he said. Warning of a strike, Holla said, \"The matter never came for discussion during the pre-budget discussion that we had with CM. Did he call us to have a high tea? We have been calling on the government to discuss this proposal. But no one is available. Will any bank give us loan to pay LTT?''Holla does not buy the government's argument that this was done to avoid private cars being registered as taxis to avoid paying LTT.\"Such cases should be identified and penalized. Imposing such huge burden without even consulting us is unfair,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408186", "title": "Mayor, commissioner, civic panel. Who runs the BMC?", "text": "MUMBAI: A few days ago, the budget of the country's richest civic body was presented by the BMC commissioner to the standing committee chairman. Together, they are the power centre of the civic body. The question still arises, who runs the civic body? Is it the mayor, the commissioner or the standing committee?The BMC's power sharing model, described as 'commissioner type', is heavily in favour of the commissioner and the standing committee. The mayor essentially plays a titular role, with limited financial powers. Executive powers are entirely vested in the commissioner, who is appointed by the state government. The corporation's elected members lay down policies frameworks, frame bylaws, sanction the budget and oversee the administration. There are a number of statutory committees besides the standing committee. These include the improvements committee, the BEST committee and the education committee.The standing committee is the most important civic panel. Over the years, it has earned the dubious distinction of being an \"understanding committee\", since it acts as a bridge between the corporation and the commissioner.The mayor has the power to spend up to Rs 1 crore a year on civic projects. The standing committee comes into the picture when the civic body is handling contracts over Rs 20 lakh, which requires the approval of its members. The commissioner has the power to spend up to Rs 10 lakh a year; for any contract involving an expenditure of Rs 10-20 lakh, the commissioner needs the mayor's approval. In accordance with a \"decorative role\", the mayor attends to foreign dignitaries and heads of states visiting the city. The first citizen also represents the city in other countries.\"It depends on the individual how he or she makes use of the mayor's post,\" said political analyst Pratap Asabe. \"They get a lot of opportunities to model themselves as strong political leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409513", "title": "Saffron party to partner JD(U) in return race", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in Delhi, BJP will fight the MCD elections in alliance with Nitish Kumar's Janata Dal (United) to tap the poorvanchali vote bank. With Congress banking on its traditional vote bank in unauthorized colonies, slums and resettlement colonies, the ruling BJP, which faces anti-incumbency, is now trying to reach out to the over 40 lakh poorvanchalis.In a public meeting in the city last week, JD (U) Delhi president Balbir Singh had announced the party's decision to contest on all 272 seats. JD(U), which is an ally in the BJP-led NDA, had threatened to call off its alliance with the party in Delhi as it was \"unhappy with the performance of the BJP's sitting councillors\". BJP-JD(U) alliance in Delhi will mean 4-5 seats going to the latter in pockets where poorvanchalis are in large numbers. Late night negotiations were on between both parties on Sunday. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari chaired the meeting. A formal declaration of the number of seats will be made on Monday.With several heavyweights having lost their seats to reservation, the BJP has gone an extra mile to accommodate the top leadership in the current dispensation. But dispute over a seat for state BJP president Vijender Gupta's wife Shobha Vijender has delayed the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12409223", "title": "A festival break for temple inventory", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The inventory process at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple has been suspended for 15 days in view of the Painguni festival which will begin on Wednesday.The inventory process has been stopped since Saturday as decided by the expert committee appointed by the Supreme Court.The decision was taken in the interests of thousands of devotees who throng the temple on the festival day. The festival will conclude with the traditional Arat on April 6.So far, around 90% of articles in vault C and 60% of vaults E and F have been documented. Artefacts with gems are yet to be examined, as Keltron, while requesting funding for the project, did not include the cost of equipment needed for gemologists.MV Nair, chairman of the Supreme Court appointed executive committee, said Keltron and the nodal officer additional chief secretary K Jayakumar would have to discuss the matter and raise funds for the gemmology equipment. The issue regarding funds has been mentioned in the report sent to the Supreme Court on Saturday.\"We are wondering who will foot the bill. The SC might have to take a call on it as the state government and the temple both show empty pockets,\" said a source from Keltron. \"Close to 900 articles have been documented at the temple and this is the first long break in the process. Temple authorities said that work may resume on April 9 but it could take a week extra,\" the source added.A slight change has been made in the workflow after 100 articles were documented. \"Initially, the articles were observed by the experts and then photographed. But now it has been decided to photograph the article first as soon as it has been brought out of the vault,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12414302", "title": "How universe got its magnetism? Physicists attempt to solve it", "text": "LONDON: How the universe got its magnetism? For long, it has been a mystery. Now, physicists claim to have attempted to solve it by using laser to create magnetic fields similar to those involved in formation of the first galaxies.Magnetic fields exist throughout galactic and intergalactic space, what is puzzling is how they were created originally and how they became so strong.A team, led by Oxford University , used a high-power laser to explode a rod of carbon, similar to pencil lead, in helium gas. The explosion was designed to mimic cauldron of plasma -- an ionised gas containing free electrons and positive ions -- out of which the first galaxies formed.The physicists found that within a microsecond of the explosion strong electron currents and magnetic fields formed around a shock wave.They took these results and scaled them through 22 orders-of-magnitude to find that their measurements matched the \"magnetic seeds\" predicted by theoretical studies of galaxy formation, the 'Nature' journal reported.\"Our experiment recreates what was happening in the early Universe and shows how galactic magnetic fields might have first appeared. It opens up the exciting prospect that we will be able to explore the physics of the cosmos, stretching back billions of years, in a laser laboratory here on Earth,\" said Dr Gianluca Gregori, who led the team.The results closely match theories which predict that tiny magnetic fields -- \"magnetic seeds\" -- precede the formation of galaxies. These fields can be amplified by turbulent motions and can strongly affect the evolution of the galactic medium from its early stages.Dr Gregori said in a release: \"In the future, we plan to use the largest lasers in the world, such as the National Ignition Facility in California, to study the evolution of cosmic plasma.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409610", "title": "PEC University of Technology fest Vyom ends on a high note", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst quizzes, mind boggling puzzles and treasure hunts, over three days, the annual technical fest of PEC University of Technology concluded on Sunday.With a grand finale that witnessed performance by Advaita - a Delhi-based rock band, the technical fest witnessed participation from scores of engineering and other colleges from the region. Teams from Himachal Pradesh , Punjab and Haryana engineering colleges were competing for top slots in all events.On the third day, the best of innovative events were planned including Hack My Network, Fun On The Run, Design-O-Victor, Boffin Quest Mega Show, Contraptions, Robosterone, Noesis Quiz, SocialBusiness Plan and Techno Roadies.For several other events the entries have already been shortlisted through web in two months. The online events were open for all and we had a dedicated e-Vyom portal through which students far away could also participate, added Ayush, a PEC student.It has been three days of fun and learning at Vyom this year. Be it the robo war in Robosterone event or the quizzes that were much awaited by enthusiasts, the event was a complete learning experience for budding engineers, added Shipra Singla, president, Vyom 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408660", "title": "Medical expenses impoverishing families with HIV+ members: Study", "text": "PUNE: The medical expenses incurred by families who have at least one HIV positive member are a serious strain on their finances, pushing many of them into a \"poverty trap\".This was revealed in a field survey of 401 such families in the city, undertaken by the Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics (GIPE) to gauge the economic profile of People Living with HIV (PLHIV) and the socio-economic impact of HIV at the household level.The families surveyed are registered with a city NGO, which works towards providing socio-psycho, legal support and counselling to PLHIV. Though the study included households from all strata of society, and from varied economic backgrounds, nearly 50% of the sample group was from the lower economic categories. The study was completed under the guidance of Sanjeevanee Mulay, former associate professor at GIPE.Varun Sharma, who undertook the study, is a former senior research fellow at GIPE and currently assistant professor at the Institute of Health Management Research (IHMR) in Bangalore. He said the study was an attempt to estimate the relationship between HIV prevalence and poverty. \"We cannot overlook the fact that PLHIV from the lower socio-economic background, especially from the slum areas in cities like Pune, are most vulnerable. This should be considered while drafting policies and programmes concerning HIV,\" he said.Sharma said the study used economic methods such as Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Standard of Living Index (SLI). Based on these two indices, the study found that families with HIV+ persons are more destitute compared to other families. \"This is especially true of households run by HIV+ women. The study revealed that 70% of the sample households managed by women have a middle socio-economic status whereas about 50% of them can be categorised as the 'poorest of the poor'. In comparison, only 30% of households run by men fit in the category. The reason for this may be that, in general, a woman's income is less than that of a man,\" he said. The study revealed that though anti-retroviral therapy (ART) for treating HIV is free at the public health centres, HIV+ people have to spend from their own pockets on other illnesses and ailments which come with the HIV infection, Sharma said. \"The economic burden is more on those who are already poor, and it leads to medical poverty trap. In the analysis, we found that there is a sharp increase of 20% BPL headcounts, when adjusted for out-of-pocket health spending,\" he said.HIV+ people from the upper and middle socio-economic backgrounds usually opt for private health facilities, which are better, and also because it offers them a privacy.Sharma said a comparison between the families surveyed and the city's non-HIV urban households (surveyed under the national reproductive and child health programme) confirmed that a majority of PLHIV households either came from the lower economic strata of society or had gradually become impoverished over a period of time. According to the study, 36.9% households with HIV+ members had a low standard of living.Sanjeevani Kulkarni, coordinator, Prayas Health Group, which treats more than 3,500 HIV/AIDS patients from the city and other parts of the country at its clinic , said special focus on widowed women diagnosed with HIV is needed. \"Around 33% of the total population of HIV infected women belongs to this category. Implementation of policies that address the needs of such sections of society is imperative,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409654", "title": "295 smile their way to convocation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dev Samaj College for Women in Sector 45 conferred degrees to 295 students at the 27th annual convocation on Sunday. The ceremony began with the academic procession followed by the auspicious lightening of lamp. Rajya Sabha member Viplove Thakur was the chief guest at the occasion.Meera Modi welcomed the dignitaries and read out the annual report highlighting the achievements of the college in both academic and non-academic fields. She appreciated the staff and students for their meritorious contribution to the college. In addition six students were awarded Golden Certificate of Merit and 39 were given Certificate of Merit for excellence in academics.Two students each of BA III and BCom III were awarded scholarship under the aegis of Vimal Bhargava Charitable Trust. Kahkashan and Parvinder Kaur of BCom III were given scholarship for scoring cent percent marks in management accounting and operation research, respectively. Priyanka of BCom was also awarded scholarship for securing the first position in Business Economics honours. Dev Samaj College Managing Committee chairman Nirmal Singh, wished students success for their future endeavours.Virasat - the annual alumni meet was also held after the convocation at college premises. Various fun games and riddles were organized and scores of students participated in the meet. Office bearers from alumni were also elected. Students of the college enthusiastically attended the meet and cherished the old memories together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410076", "title": "Industry wants faster approvals for projects", "text": "JAIPUR: The slow pace of industrial development in the state has not changed much even after the state has implemented ambitious measures like single-window clearance last year. Industry leaders in the state feel that the government needs to reduce bureaucratic hurdles , which would encourage business community to implement projects faster.\"Time-bound clearances for new units and renewal of licenses should be issued from various departments like pollution control, factory and boiler , state electricity boards etc. In the absence of timely approvals , they should be considered as deemed clearance,\" said Kishore Khaitan, a leading entrepreneur in the state. \"Government should initiate online system for renewal,\" he added. There is also a growing concern that the state has failed to be proactive in attracting investments in the state. Marketing the state as a destination for investments has never found top priority , they said.\"For driving investments into the state all the efforts made by the state government must be adequately marketed through national and international road shows. The new industrial policy, investment policy, agri business policy and single window scheme should be promoted through roadshows in almost all the major cities of India and select cities in abroad,\" said Nitin Gupta, director &amp; head, CII Rajasthan.Of late, the state has not attracted any big projects. \"The government should target bigticket projects, which will have huge multiplier effect as they bring with them a lot of ancillary industries,\" said Rohit Saboo , president and CEO, NEI.There is also expectation that the state need to look into the various levies in the form of cess imposed added to power tariffs. Government needs to abolish the extra cess on power tariffs, said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408384", "title": "Training programme begins for vendors", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management (MKITM), a unit of UP Tourism, launched a four-day training programme under the capacity building scheme for service providers at Charbagh railway station on Sunday. As many as 30 participants including porters, platform vendors, coolies and taxi drivers attended the programme.MKITM director, Prof Manoj Dixit stressed on the fact that Charbagh station is the gateway to Lucknow city, and vendors, porters, coolies and taxi drivers play a vital role in providing service to tourists and visitors.Chief guest, Nawab Jafar Mir Abdullah drew a picture of Lucknow of old times, its etiquettes, mannerism and beauty. \"I hope that this training programme would help in restoring the old glory and beauty of the city,\" he said.Addressing the audience, station manager, Amitabh Kumar was hopeful that the training programme would help in creating awareness in the participants and thus bring a difference in the behaviour, hygienic condition of the railway station. In four days, the training programme will concentrate on providing behavioural skills, hygienic awareness and basic first aid orientation to the participants. The capacity building programme will also make the participants aware about the importance and advantages of tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409314", "title": "Blindness no dampener for this law student", "text": "This 26-year-old visually challenged law student is indeed a number-cruncher. He does multiplication till 56 lakh and has 25,000 cellphone numbers on the tip of his tongue. Siddu S Loute from Athani taluk of Belgaum was here recently to sell his CD on personality development for students and visually challenged to boost their confidence to succeed in their respective professions.Siddu said he does not depend on his parents -- Shankar and Seetha -- who are agriculturists in Athani for money to fund his education. Instead, he conducts spoken English classes for students and also works part time as an anchor at a TV channel. Siddu told reporters that visually and physically challenged persons should not depend on anyone, as many would discriminate them. \"I'm preparing for IAS exams to prove that visually impaired can also achieve like others,\" he added. He urged the government and NGOs to help visually impaired persons take up competitive exams. Siddu, who is pursing fifth year LLB at MS Ramaiah College in Bangalore, wants to serve the poor by becoming an IAS officer . Siddu wants the government and NGOs to help visually impaired persons take up competitive examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12410206", "title": "Sudhir barb at JMM's choice of Rajya Sabha election candidate", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In a major embarrassment to the JMM, senior party leader and former deputy CM Sudhir Mahato has criticized the high command for making Supreme Court lawyer Sanjeev Kumar party candidate in the Rajya Sabha elections.Describing Kumar as an \"outsider\", Mahato said the party should have considered someone from the organization for Rajya Sabha polls. \"The JMM should have considered making candidate someone from the party or for that matter someone who is doing good service to the state in different walks of life,\" said Mahato, a senior vice-president of JMM.Although Kumar belongs to the Dhanbad district but JMM leader said: \"He is practising outside the state at present.\"Mahato, a two-term legislator and Kurmi face of the party in the Kolhan division, said he would take up the Rajya Sabha nomination issue with the party in the central committee and executive committee meetings, soon. \"We should have learned lesson from the K D Singh episode who switched his loyalty to Trinamool Congress a few months after seeking Rajya Sabha membership on a JMM ticket,\" Mahato said on Sunday. In a subdue manner though Mahato also cast aspersions on the Munda government's cabinet decision to ensure jobs to the next of those died in the statehood movement. \"For long we have been hearing this. Let it first get implemented on ground than one would comment on its merit,\" said Mahato.He, however, suggested the incumbent regime to constitute a committee for identifying genuine and deserving cases and follow it up with distributing identity cards to the bona fide beneficiaries on the state foundation day.Land reforms minister Mathura Mahato, who is also from the JMM and was in the city, said: \"Now, the candidature has been finalized as a loyal worker of the party we should work in ensuring his victory in the elections.\"Mahato, a two-term legislator and Kurmi face of the party, said he would take up the Rajya Sabha nomination issue with the party in the central committee and executive committee meetings, soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12411799", "title": "Gujarat to have first camel milk dairy soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat will soon get its first commercial dairy, for processing of camel milk into various products, in Kutch district following necessary provisions made by the state government in the 2012-13 budget.A proposal in this regard has been received by the government from the Kutch District Cooperative Milk Union or the Sarhad Dairy. A local union of camel breeders Kutch Unt Uchherak Maldhari Sangathan (KUUMS) has been formed to develop milk collection networks, while a Kutch-based NGO Sahjeevan has been roped in to mobilise the camel breeders and spread awareness with regard to economic and nutritional importance of camel milk.Also, the Gujarat Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) or Amul has agreed in principal for marketing of the camel milk which is high in nutrition and low in fat, a state government officials said.\"The government is planning to set up a dairy for commercial processing of camel milk, for which provision has been made in the 2012-13 budget,\" Director of Animal Husbandry Dr A J Kachhiapatel told PTI.He said that a proposal for setting up a milk processing unit of capacity of 2000-2500 litres has also been received from Sarhad dairy. This project has been taken up with two objectives -- one to provide an alternative for income generation for the local community of cattle breeders or 'maldharis' and other to increase the use of camel milk which is high in nutritional properties, low in fat and easy to digest, Kachhiapatel said.\"Camel has been used for transportation in Kutch region since ages. Earlier the Maldharis used to get good income from the sale of male camels. But with the development in transportation means, sale of camels have decreased and so has their income,\" Kachhiapatel said.Hence to provide the Maldharis with alternative income, it has been planned to market camel milk, he added.\"We have completed the ground work of mobilising the Maldharis and creating network through the KUUMS for daily collection of camel milk which is the basic requirement,\" Kachhiapatel said, adding that 349 maldharis have already registered with KUUMS.According to Kachhiapatel, initially the milk will be processed at Sarhad dairy and packaging and marketing will be done by GCMMF. In the next stage, the packaging will also be done at Sarhad dairy, he added.Team leader of NGO Sahjeevan, Ramesh Bhatti said they have started making ice-cream and Kheer (a sweet preparation made out of milk and rice) using camel milk and were selling it though a vendor in Kutch district headquarters Bhuj.Talking about the NGOs role in this project, Bhatti said, \"We have been mobilising the Maldharis and creating awareness among them for depositing camel milk at various collection centres.\"Assistant Project Coordinator at Sahjeevan Kiran Patel said that these collection centers have been planned in Abdasa, Lakpat and Nakhatrana blocks which have large population of camels.\"Since Kutch is a large district transportation is a big problem hence the collection centres have been planned accordingly,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407466", "title": "20 fake passports helped Dawood flee country", "text": "MUMBAI: The simplicity with which fake passports can be acquired is cited as one of the reasons for gangsters' ability to slink across borders and elude the police.According to Indian agencies, Dawood Ibrahim has at least 20 fake passports, 8 of which were issued in Mumbai, Chhota Rajan has 8, and Chhota Shakeel 6. Besides them, most senior D-Company members - including Tiger Memon, Ayub Memon, Ali Moosa and Pathan Izaz - have bogus Indian and Pakistani passports. Before they ended in police's dragnet, cops say, Abu Salem had 12 counterfeit passports, Santosh Shetty had 4 and Bunty Pandey 6.\"The figures may not be definitive, but there is no denying that gangsters hold several fake passport that allow them to elude the authorities,\" said additional director general of police (Maharashtra ATS) Rakesh Maria. \"In cases of Salem and Shetty, we are certain of the number of fake passports they had.\"Police officers explain that gangsters adopt different ways to acquire bogus passports, primary among which is a method called 'mundi cut'. In this method, the original photograph is cut out of a stolen passport and replaced with the don's. Another favourite modus operandi is to get a genuine passport using fake documents. This method too is considered uncomplicated since all that is required is to grease a few officials' palms and pay off a few agents.Gangster Salem, police say, got three passports from India while he was at large in the Middle East and Europe. The documents were in the name of Akil Ahmed Azmi from Lucknow, Danish Baig from Bhopal and Ramin Malik from Hyderabad. His girlfriend Monica Bedi, who was extradited from Portugal along with the don, too had fake passports.\"Criminals pay hefty sums to travel agents who bribe officials and get the verification procedure ignored. Take the Kandahar hijack case, where terrorists got forged passports or the 13/7 Mumbai terror plotters,\" Maria said.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said there are highly sophisticated machines that can duplicate an Indian passport. \"Apart from Mumbai, fudging of passports and visas is common in Hyderabad, West Bengal, Karnataka,\" he said. Once criminals fly out of India on a fake passport, it is difficult to catch them since \"airport officials in foreign countries can track them only if an alert has been sounded by Indian officials\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409611", "title": "Insurance firm fined, directed to pay entire car claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Accusing an insurance company guilty of unfair trade practice, the consumer forum directed it to pay the insured amount of the car to the complainant. Besides, the forum has also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the company.The complainant Umesh Chander Gupta, a Sector 9 resident from Panchkula, had got his car insured with National Insurance Company Limited for an assured sum of Rs 5,23,208, for a period between October 12, 2009 and October 11, 2010.My car met with an accident on the night of October 30, 2009 as a stray cow came in front of the vehicle. I informed the insurance company and submitted the required documents. But the surveyor, without assigning any reason, disallowed a major portion of repairs and assessed the claim for Rs 26,588 as against the actual claim of Rs 69,005, said Gupta.The insurance companys lawyer, however, pleaded the surveyors assessment of the claim amount was right and the company is not liable to pay any more claim amount to the complainant.After listening to the arguments, the forum maintained that the surveyor, without assigning any reason, had disallowed the claim amount of Rs 29,614, which amounts to deficiency in service on part of the company.The forum has directed the insurance company to pay Rs 29,614 to the complainant, apart from another Rs 15,000 to be paid as compensation for mental agony and harassment and Rs 10,000 to be paid towards the litigation costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408875", "title": "North Goa DPC did not prepare plans: Auditors", "text": "PANAJI: In the absence of holistic perspective plans for the North Goa district involving local bodies, implementing departments and beneficiaries of the programmes, a proper well-defined developmental strategy for North Goa could not be prepared. This resulted in developmental schemes being implemented in an adhoc manner without community participation.This is the observation of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India for the year ended March 31, 2011. In short, the CAG points out that the district planning committee did not prepare any district plans and the village panchayats did not prepare any village plans.The government of India has envisaged an inclusive and participative planning process for the development of the districts. The 74th amendment of the Constitution mandated the establishment of district planning committees for consolidating the plans prepared by the village panchayats and municipal councils in each district into an integrated district plan.The North Goa district planning committee was constituted in October 2003 and re-constituted periodically according to the changes in the constitution of the local administration from time to time after elections. At the beginning of every 5-year plan, the local bodies at the grass-roots level were to prepare a 5-year plan. An annual plan had to be prepared by the beginning of January every year, for submission to the district planning committee. The DPC were to consolidate the plans prepared by the zilla panchayats, village panchayats and the municipal councils in the district and prepare draft development plans for the district as a whole.But the CAG report notes that the DPC of North Goa had met only twice during the last five years. No development plans were prepared due to on-preparation of development plans by the zilla panchayats, village panchayats and municipal councils.In order to mobilize the village panchayats for preparation of development plans with the help of village ward committees, the director of panchayats convened a meeting in September 2009 and also held a workshop in February 2010 of the DPC members and other stakeholders to guide them in preparation of the plans.The work of preparation of model annual plans and imparting training was given in October 2009 to the Goa Institute of Rural Development and Administration (GIRDA). GIRDA imparted training to the ward development committees and secretaries of three selected village panchayats. These were Majorda, Anjuna and Ambaulim. GIRDA was to prepare model annual plans for the village panchayats based on the development plans of these three village panchayats. But as no development plans were prepared by the village panchayats, no model plans could be prepared by GIRDA, the CAG report notes.The DPC of North Goa met only twice during the last five years. No development plans were prepared due to non-preparation of development plans by the zilla panchayats, village panchayats and municipal councils", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409065", "title": "Ladies, be ready to break the groping hand at any moment", "text": "GURGAON: When trouble comes - and comes without a warning - a person is alone. Deepti Sharma, CEO of a city-based event management company, was recently almost faced with a situation when two men stalked her. But even as the duo approached her on a deserted road, they couldn't catch her off-guard. Thanks to the 'block-push-and-run' technique she had learned in a self-defence class, she was confident of herself. \"They were coming straight at me. I used one hand to secure my 4-year-old, and the other to block and push one of the men. In a trice we were out of there,\" Deepti recalled.Sarika Dighe, an MNC employee, faced a different ordeal. While walking back from her office one evening, she was chased by three men who tried to snatch her bag. While anyone else in her position would have panicked, Sarika - a black-belt in martial arts - was able to knock two of them down and raise an alarm for help. \"It is important for women to be capable enough to handle such a situation. Even police will take time to reach,\" she said.In Gurgaon, such incidents are becoming a routine affair. No wonder, women professionals like Deepti and Sarika are increasingly going for self-defence classes. \"Any other woman would not have known what to do in such a situation. Many, not being alert enough, wouldn't even have noticed such a threat coming. At a self-defence session, you gain confidence to handle all this,\" said Arunima Sinha, a professional consultant living in sector 56, who has been enrolled in a self-defence class for over a year now.Even according to the age-old Punjab Shops and Commercial Establishment Act, which is valid in Haryana also, mandates that all offices arrange self-defence sessions, at least once a year, for their women employees. \"This law pushes corporate houses in the city to take self-defence for women seriously. But much more needs to be done,\" said Jaipreet Joshi, and ex-army official and a self-defence instructor in Gurgaon.Vipin Kalra, a 5th Dan Black Belt from World Taekwondo Federation, has now been a trainer for over a decade. \"Most of the victims of physical abuse admit that they could never have imagined something like this happening to them. And most of them succumb because they are unprepared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "12408721", "title": "Rishi Nagar women hoe and plough for green row", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: Women of F Block of Rishi Nagar have taken up a green initiative. Unhappy with a park in their locality lying neglected, they have joined hands to look after it well. From planting saplings to hoeing, they do it all.Madhu Arora, 42, who leads the initiative, said, We have decided to spend at least half-an-hour every day in the park. Besides, we also oversee the gardener.Forty-five years old, Manju Yamin, a member of the seven-woman group, said, Until we take things in our hands, nothing will improve. And so we decided to play an active role in the gardens upkeep.Kavita Dawar, 40, said, Gardening is a stress-buster. After a hard days work, time spent at the park makes us feel good. Karuna Dutt, 50, said Jyoti Arora, 40, Sakshi Jain, 45, and Dolly Arora, 35, too helped them in their green initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12409606", "title": "Women fantasize more about sex when they are most fertile", "text": "LONDON: Women have more sexual fantasies during the fertile periods of the month, says a new study.Researchers at the University of Lethbridge have found that single women experience more sexual fantasies on average during the most fertile part of their menstrual cycles compared to the rest of the month. \"I wanted to study fantasies because they are not constrained by the presence or absence of a partner, so the increase in fantasies and also the increase in how arousing those fantasies were is a reflection of this increased interest in sex mid-cycle ,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted Samantha Dawson, who led the study, as saying. For their study, the researchers analysed 27 heterosexual women aged between 18 and 30 who were not in a relationship or on hormonal birth control.Each was asked to fill in a daily online diary about their sexual fantasies for one month. They worked out the 10-day window when each woman was most fertile by counting back from their last periods.During this window the women took a urine test that detected the exact day of ovulation (when an egg is released from one of the ovaries ready to be fertilised).When analysing the results, they found women reported an average 0.77 fantasies a day. However, during the three days around ovulation this increased to 1.3 per day and the fantasies involved a higher proportion of men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410087", "title": "In tune with the times", "text": "The Institute of Home Economics (IHE), Delhi University (DU), offers courses that match professional career trends. The college, apart from offering undergraduate courses like BSc in microbiology and biochemistry, offers specialisations in areas like resource management , human development, communication and extension, food and nutrition, fabric and apparel science and film production.Neeti Vaid, assistant professor, department of communication and extension, says, \"The college when established, had only home science as the main course on offer, but realising the needs of students, it evolved into a professional training institute catering to various specialisations. The curriculum was diversified to suit the changing needs of young women.\"According to Vaid, the viability of job options available under course specialisations is in-sync with current professional trends. While students specialising in fabrics and apparel can work for fashion designers, fashion houses, export houses, and textile companies, students from the food and nutrition programme get offers from corporates and organisations like WHO. A good number of resource management students get into entrepreneurship or interior design, become architects or get associated with green building projects.\"The IHE also has a course on filmmaking . As part of the course, students learn about making documentaries, production , script writing, etc. Many work with production houses, or as script-writers and film-makers ,\" says Yuki Azaad, assistant professor, department of communication and extension.For placements, IHE has a tie-up with DU's central placement cell besides its own placement cell.Parveen Pannu, convener, placement cell, says, \"Students pursuing the dietician course get offers from reputed hospitals and fitness centres like VLCC. Students of resource management, fabric and apparel and film studies get placed through their respective departments in several companies.\"Besides, the college also offers postgraduate courses in food and nutrition, fabric and apparel science and PG diploma courses in dietetics and public health nutrition, health and social gerontology. Besides, short-term certificate courses offered include radio jockeying, managing learning disabilities, early childhood care and education, management of individual and emotional well-being and entrepreneurship for fashion boutiques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12408629", "title": "\u2018Night riders\u2019 dogged by stray menace in district", "text": "NASHIK: In the past 12 months, as many as 9,002 people from across the district have been bitten by dogs, which implies that there are around 750 cases of dog bites every month and 25 daily in the district, as per the figures supplied by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). While bikers travelling at night have often voiced concern over the menace of stray dogs, the figures procured from the NMC delineate the problem of bikers who return home after a late night shift to be greeted with stray dogs chasing them.What is more startling is the fact that the number of instances of dog bites have risen by 35.53% in the district, and NMC hospitals too have registered a 11.24% rise in the number of dog bite cases in the past one year.From April 2010 to March 2011, the number of dog bites reported at the Civil Hospital were 3,303, while those registered in NMC hospitals stood at 4,254, indicating that 28.79% more cases of dog bites were registered in NMC hospitals as against those registered at the Civil Hospital in the said period. However, from April 2011 to February 2012, the Civil Hospital has got 547 more victims (total cases 4,788) of dog bites than those at NMC hospitals (total cases 4,214).From April 2010 to February 2011, there were 2,903 victims registered at the Civil Hospital and 3,788 cases registered in the NMC hospitals, with a total of 6,691 cases all across the district. Considering last year's figure of 6,691 cases until February 2011, and this year's total figure of 9,002 cases from April 2011 to February 2012, the fact remains that instances of dog bites have shot up by 35.53% in the Civil Hospital and in NMC hospitals the figure has risen by 11.24%.NMC health officer Dr SG Hirey said not all dog bite cases are related to stray dogs, as even pet dogs bite their owners and neighbours. Further, even patients who have suffered wounds due to scratches by dogs come for treatment. Thus, it would be wrong to say that all the cases of dog bites are related to the menace of stray dogs.Biting statisticsBetween April 2010 and March 2011, 3,303 dog bite cases were reported at the Civil Hospital and 4,254 at NMC hospitalsBetween April 2011 and February 2012, the Civil Hospital attended to 4,788 cases of dog bites and NMC hospitals saw 4,214 casesSo, there was a massive jump of 1,445 cases in a year's time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12410039", "title": "Land rates shoot up as tunnel project nears completion", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel project is proving to be shot in the arm for land owners on Agra Road as the prices of land have increased considerably .As the date of completion of project is approaching nearer, the land prices in the residential colonies have doubled in the past six months, said realtors.A project which aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra Road is slowly turning to be a goldmine for land owners.\"I have purchased a plot in 7,000 per square yard in Kanji Nagar, a 90 B colony eight months ago. Now I have a buyer who is offering 14,000 per square yard,\" said Ishwar Bishnoni, a local resident and an investor.Similarly, the land rates in JDA approved and other colonies developed by housing society too have increased more than expectations. A local property dealer, Raghuveer Singh said: \"In Green Park, a JDA approved colony, the land rate is nearly 15,000 per square yard which was around 7,000 four months ago. Also, rates in newly developed colony Om Gaytri Vatika the current rate is 6,000 per square metre .\" He added, \"Earlier, there was an increase in the prices as per the market conditions. However, in the past six months, the rates have shoot up.\"According to the JDA officials, once the tunnel is opened, the 2,800 metre could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossings in Jhalana Hills. Traffic jams at Transport Nagar Junction will also reduce greatly, if the Transport Nagar underpass project is completed. \"As the area was not approachable from the city, the rates in the residential colonies were stable. The area will be accessible in limited time after the completion of project.\"Though the land prices in the residential colonies have increased, there is no scope for developing new colonies on Agra road as majority of big lands in the area are disputed according to the local property dealers.Also, big developers of the city feels once the basic facilities such as market, government buildings, hospital is developed in the area, launching a big residential housing scheme will not be profitable. \"People like to stay in newly developed colonies such as Jagatpura, Pratap Nagar as there are all basic facilities nearby. Certainly , there is a rise in land prices on Agra Road, but to develop more colonies or housing scheme there, some basic development is necessary,\" said Rajasthan Builders Association president Gopal Das Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412530", "title": "Neetu bats for Ameer", "text": "It's been almost two years since Neetu Chandra started shooting for Ameer's Aadhi Bhagavan (AB). But the film, which stars Jayam Ravi in the lead, is still under production.Ask Neetu about it, and she says, \"Shooting for the film is almost over. We just have to do some patchwork. I've allocated my dates to other films based on Ameer's requirements. \"Tell her about Ameer's reputation to take his own time for completing a film, and she retorts, \"You can't push a creative person, or give him deadlines to finish his product. When the film releases, the audience will know why it took us time to finish shooting for the same.\"Neetu reportedly opted out of Mankatha with Ajith to sign AB. Quiz her if she regrets the decision, and she answers, \"This film is important for all three (Ravi, Ameer and Neetu) of us. I believe that instead of doing five films in a year, like how most people choose to do, it's wise to do one film, in which you have a meaty character, in two years. I don't mind waiting for Ameer. He even has plans of taking AB to Bollywood after he finishes his commitments in Kollywood.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12409243", "title": "Police Sub Inspector among 2 killed in Chandrapur road mishap", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Two persons, including a PSI with C-60 squad of Gadchiroli police, were killed on the spot after a speeding police vehicle rammed a bike coming from the opposite direction near Yengalkheda in Kurkheda tehsil on Saturday afternoon. Six others sustained injuries.A squad of C-60 was returning to Kurkheda police station after completing an anti-Naxal operation under Malewada outpost. On its way back, the police vehicle hit a bike coming from the opposite direction while maneuvering a turning and overturned. PSI Prashant Desai (27) and bike rider Mukeem Sheikh (56) died on the spot.Five cops, including driver Sharad Mohurle, Rainsingh Kumre, Pravin Athawle, Naresh Sahare, Sudhakar Narote and pillion rider Aslam Sheikh were injured. They were taken to Kurkheda Rural Hospital from where they were shifted to Gadchiroli Civil Hospital in a helicopter for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12409900", "title": "Roller coaster race: Santorum wins Louisiana", "text": "WASHINGTON: Rick Santorum on Sunday easily won the Republican presidential primary in Louisiana, the home state of Indian-American governor Bobby Jindal, raising questions on frontrunner Mitt Romney's ability to win the key southern states in coming weeks.\"Our campaign is making history,\" 53-year-old Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator and conservative, said moments after he was projected winner.With 100% of the precincts counted, unofficial returns showed Santorum won 49% while Romney got 27%. Gingrich received 16% and Ron Paul 6%.Despite this big loss, 65-year-old Romney is still considered to be the frontrunner as he has the maximum number of delegates (560), with Santorum a distant second (254) followed by Newt Gingrich who has 141 delegates with him.The candidates need 1,114 delegates to be able to earn the Republican Party's nomination to challenge Barack Obama in the November presidential elections.Jindal, who in the initial phase of the primaries had endorsed Texas governor Rick Perry did not support any of the candidates so far. Perry has withdrawn from the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412545", "title": "GV records a tune", "text": "GV Prakash has been riding high for the last couple of years and is one of the busiest composers in K-Town today.What is interesting is that the young composer is also in demand as singer as well. GV, who has already lent his voice for the compositions of his uncle A R Rahman and Harris Jayaraj , has now sung a song for his erstwhile assistant Raghunandan, who has scored for films like the National Award-winning Thenmerku Paruvakkatru and Krishnaveni Panchaalai.Raghunandan is currently teaming up with his Thenmerku Parvakkatru director Seenuramasamy for Neer Paravai, which stars Vishnu (of Vennila Kadabi Kuzhu fame) in the lead. The film is being produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin's production house. Recently, Raghunandan recorded the song Para Para Para Paravai Ondru..., written by Kaviperarasu Vairamuthu, which was sung by GV.Talking about the song, Seenu says, \"The song is about a youngster who has fallen in love and we felt that GV's youthful voice would perfectly fit the mood. It is a melody that will be different from what we have heard from GV so far. It was his friendship with Raghunandan that made him immediately agree to sing for the number when we approached him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409046", "title": "Montek opposes any Presidential reference on 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission Deputy Chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia has totally opposed the move for making a Presidential Reference on the 2G case and instead feels the Government should implement the Supreme Court order cancelling the spectrum licenses and completing the auction in good faith.He has also suggested that a Group of Ministers can be constituted to consider complex issues like pricing of spectrum which could consider options put out by the Telecom Ministry and then make recommendations to the Government.A fortnight ago, the Union Cabinet discussed the possibility of making a Presidential Reference to the Supreme Court on its 2G judgement especially on issues like auction of scarce natural resources and the First Come, First Serve method.It deferred a decision on the ground that the Solicitor General can be called to give his views on the complex issues. The Government has, however, filed a review petition on the court judgement delivered in first week of February.\"....there is nothing to be gained by making a Presidential reference on the lines of the draft. If a reference has to be made, it must clearly state that the Government's position on key issues but I do not know if that would be appropriate,\" Ahluwalia said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently.He said if the Government itself was unclear about some aspects of policy like pricing of spectrum then it should first clarify its position and added that Telecom Commission comprising officials was not the right forum to use for evolving solutions to these complex and possibly controversial decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12407918", "title": "Navi Mumbai eco-warriors take centrestage", "text": "From organizing nature walks to acting as watchdogs, more and more citizens in Navi Mumbai are joining forces to save their green environs. A couple of years ago, residents of Seawoods Estate launched a drive against the destruction of wetlands in their area. Their campaign has only gained strength since. A campaign to save a natural holding pond, next to Delhi Public School, saw citizens turn eco-warriors.Pointing out that the pond, which is fed by tidal waters from the creek, is drying up fast due to encroachment, residents said they have, on numerous occasions, caught truck drivers dumping debris at its edges and on mangroves. They also allege that City and Industrial Development Corporation Ltd (Cidco) deliberately built bunds to block creek water from entering the pond.\"In Navi Mumbai, mangroves are being systematically destroyed despite a high court order. The Konkan commissioner is supposed to send a monthly report to the high court. Unfortunately, the authorities have failed to take action on our complaints,\" said Vinod Punshi, a resident.Citizens in the area have held protests and barred trucks from entering. They have also started organizing nature walks to create awareness.While Cidco has maintained that the area is a low-lying zone reserved for development and only gives an impression of a water body as it is filled with rain water, a test conducted recently confirmed that the water in the pond is saline.\"We are privileged that we get to watch flamingos and other migratory birds in our immediate neighborhood. Repeated requests to the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) for protection of mangroves and restoration of the pond have fallen on deaf ears,\" said resident Sandeep Bangia.Recently, the citizens held a photography exhibition to highlight their cause. \"The stupendous response to our 'Seawoods Wetlands Photography Contest' has strengthened our resolve to save such water bodies,\" Bangia added.A Cidco proposal to set up a heliport near Palm Beach Road has hit an air pocket with residents staging protests. \"We are opposed to the heliport as it will create noise pollution. The authorities should have taken the residents into confidence,\" said corporator Rekha V Mhatre, who led the protest.Some residents have been fighting lone battles. Palm Beach Road resident Ranjani Ravi keeps an eye out for any illegal activity in the mangrove stretch visible from her balcony and alerts activists accordingly.While Belapur resident Anil Chandra, whose residence offers a breathtaking view of the creek, lodges complaints about dumping of debris here, Panvel resident Madhav Athawle has been highlighting incidents of mangrove destruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409949", "title": "Engineering student suffers burns, alleges ragging", "text": "BANGALORE: A curious case of ragging surfaced in an engineering college in Chikkaballapur : a II semester student suffered 67% burns in a fire in his hostel bathroom and accused his seniors of sparking off the blaze. Ajmal Hariz, 17, an aeronautical engineering student in Sha-Shib College of Engineering , is battling for life in Victoria Hospital here. Police have registered a case under section 307 of IPC for attempt to murder against a few students.Ajmal's changing statements have raised suspicion among police that it could be a case of a suicide attempt gone awry.Ajmal was staying in the Chikkajala hostel of his college . Around 10pm on Thursday , he went to the bathroom in the first floor of the hostel building . After a while, he started screaming for help. His friends rushed to the bathroom and found Ajmal writhing on the floor with burns all over his body.They rushed him to a nearby hospital from where he was shifted to Victoria Hospital. In his first statement, Ajmal said someone threw thinner inside the bathroom and set it on fire with a cigarette butt.His uncle, N Abdulla, who arrived in the city from his hometown in Kannur, Kerala, told police that Ajmal's seniors had ragged him a few months ago. They had forcefully taken some money from him. \"A few months ago, Ajmal came home for a relative's marriage and had stolen his mother's gold chain. Apparently, he handed over the chain to his seniors. When he was caught later, he told us about ragging,\" Abdulla said. On Saturday, Ajmal changed his statement and said he did not know who lit the fire. Police have interrogated some of Ajmal's seniors. Chikkajala police inspector Tippeswamy said their investigation has showed no evidence of ragging.\"The students named by Ajmal were in Kerala when the incident happened. He has also been telling us that the thinner was on the second floor of the building and some of his friends must have brought it down to wash clothes, leading to the accident,\" said the inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401674", "title": "I was scared out of my wits that day: Sritam Das", "text": "Actor-cum-director Sritam Das recalls how afraid he was on the first day of his directorial debut...I started my career as an actor, but I always had a dream of directing a movie. I prepared myself for a long time before taking the plunge into direction. So when everything fell into place and I saw my dream taking shape in front of my eyes, I felt very confident. But I never realised the first day of my role as the director of a film would be the toughest day of my life.The film was \" Tu Tha Mu Jauchi Rusi\" (2009) starring Arindam Roy, Koel Banerjee, Ushashi Mishra and Mihir Das. I had written the story and was supposed to act in the movie.On the first day of shooting, instead of feeling jubilant, I was scared out of my wits. From the director's point of view, everything was so different. I was responsible for not just the acting part but every other details of the entire movie!I was captain of the ship. The first day of shoot was very important as the cast and crew's dedication and involvement in the project in a large way depended on how I handled myself on that day. It was very difficult for me to get rid of the nervousness me and start acting professionally. But I went ahead with my work.My entire team was extremely supportive. The cast and crew were also a bit surprised to see me wearing the director's hat this way. If only they knew what I was feeling inside! The film did pretty well at the BO and I had my dream fulfiled.(As told to Madhusree Ghosh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12408586", "title": "University to fund teachers for research abroad", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) will pay for the first three months of research studies of teachers from the varsity and its affiliated colleges who want to study abroad.\"This facility will be extended in the form of a new research fellowship scheme from 2012-13,\" said senior UoP senate member Pandit Vidyasagar on Sunday.On-campus postgraduate departments will receive enhanced allocation for research projects, based on the five-year perspective plans that the departments were asked to submit to the university, Vidyasagar said. He was replying to a slew of cut motions on the varsity's Rs 446.99-crore budget 2012-13, which was tabled before the senate on Saturday.Later, Vidyasagar told TOI that the teachers going abroad for research will have to have a formal invitation from the foreign research institution for pursuing research studies or work on projects. \"We will invite applications from teachers, which will be examined by a university committee for selecting the fellowship candidate,\" he said.The expenses that the scheme will cover include travelling, lodging, boarding and allowances for the first three months of the teacher's stay abroad. \"In case of a candidate getting local hospitality from the foreign institution, the UoP will bear the remaining expenses,\" he added.As many as 99 cut motions seeking modification in various budget proposals were moved by the members on issues ranging from the university exam department to implementation of budget, quality improvement programme, students' hostels and the UoP sub-centres, among others. These were later withdrawn and the budget was passed by the senate following Vidyasagar's reply.He said, \"The budget, which has projected a Rs 103.21-crore deficit, has no inflated provisions considering that the university has been presenting deficit budgets for the last few years in an attempt to include new schemes and projects. This has been advantageous for the university in many ways and we have developed mechanisms to see that the budget is fully implemented.\"Vidyasagar added that the vice-chancellor (Sanjay Chahande) has initiated a series of examination reforms, given the growing concern over the functioning of the exam department. \"We will have to wait for these steps to show the desired results,\" he said.The students' hostel programme, which has two components, i.e. building new hostels and the facilities being provided at the existing hostels, is being pursued as per the prevailing policy, he said. \"We are seeking funds under the University Grants Commission's 12th Five-Year Plan for building new hostels.\"Vidyasagar said, \"The quality improvement programme has benefitted several colleges in terms of improving their rating by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council. However, the university will not remain content with this and will go for appropriate assessment of the programme to strengthen it.\"Referring to the provision for new buildings on the UoP campus, Vidyasagar said that the varsity's estate department is being strengthened by way of creating an independent wing for construction of new buildings, while the existing unit will look after maintenance works.Earlier, senior member Gajanan Ekbote said that the university ought to take concrete steps to deal with the problems related to the exam department. This can be done by decentralising the functioning of the department and securing new premises for the exam department with adequate facilities for a record room and new monitoring equipment like CCTV cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408891", "title": "CAG: Police force needs personnel, modernization", "text": "PANAJI: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has recommended that the state government should strengthen the police force by inducting more personnel and modernize the existing force to control increase in crime in the state.'To counter the increase in crime, the police force needs to be strengthened by induction of more personnel and modernization of the existing force,'the CAG report stated.Sources in the government said that the CAG recommendation to strengthen the police force would be reflected in the budget, which would be presented by the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , on Monday.The CAG report had pointed out that the crime rate in North Goa district has increased during the period 2006- 2011.The CAG report had also stated that the district superintendent of police, in his reply, said that the increase in criminal cases was due to hassle-free registration of crime, increase in migrant population, unemployment etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "12408609", "title": "Thumbs up to SBS Nagar residentsa green fingers", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Residents of H block of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar have proved that nothing is impossible if there is a strong will power to bring about the change in the society that we want to witness.They have developed 5 parks in their area that were lying in neglect. From desolate pieces of land, these have turned into lush green parks, where not only residents of H block but also those of other blocks come for jogging and enjoyment.The residents of area had formed a park management committee in 2011 and started developing parks, spending money from their own pocket. Three parks are being maintained by group of male members while two parks are under the supervision of a women group.President of SBS Nagar park management committee association, block H, Harpreet Singh Guram said, \"The parks were in a pathetic condition around a year ago and when we went to complain against it, Ludhiana Improvement Trust officials asked us to form a committee and develop these.\" He said there is another group of 11 women who are maintaining two parks. Another member of the committee, S K Gupta said,\". People come here for jogging in morning and evening. There are several other groups who conduct yoga classes in these parks.He said LIT pays Rs 12,500 to them for developing these green belts but they are spending Rs 25,000 on their maintenance and development. Head of women group, Balwinder Kaur said, Green cover is important for residents and when we can develop it with a little effort, then what is wrong in doing it. These parks can give tough competition to all the parks developed in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409479", "title": "City to get synthetic athletics track", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major boost to athletics in the region, the city will have a world class synthetic athletics track at the Divisional Sports Complex at Mankapur off Koradi Road, by the end of 2013. Besides the synthetic track, Phase 2 work consists of exclusive football ground with a VIP gallery, warm-up track, gymnasium, changing rooms, other outdoor facilities and development of the entire premises, according to Jaiprakash Duble, deputy director of sports and youth services, government of Maharashtra.After a state-of-the-art AC Indoor Stadium with a capacity of 5000 spectators, inaugurated last year, the Phase 2 will provide the complex a new look. After Mumbai and Pune, Nagpur will be the third city in the state to have synthetic track. \"The cost of the second phase is approximately 16 crore. We have 10 crore and the remaining sum will be given by the state government in next financial year (2012-13). The work on synthetic track will begin in two weeks. The entire phase will be completed in 18 months,\" Duble said.Delhi-based firm, Infratech, has been given the job for laying the track. It has a tie-up with a US-based company that has laid tracks for forthcoming London Olympics. Duble said he and his team had visited Pune where they watched Balewadi Sports Complex and Army Sports Centre where Infratech had laid synthetic tracks.\"We wanted to know the quality of their work. We are satisfied and allotted the contract to them. They are the experts and have the experience of laying synthetic tracks throughout India. Infratech people will reach city in a few days to begin work,\" said the former swimming coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409295", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fails to pursue bus stand land", "text": "NAGPUR: While its city buses are forced to park on the road, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has land earmarked for buses just behind Mor Bhavan. Strangely, after one effort in 2009, NMC never tried to get the land that may put the entire bus parking crisis to an end.A 1.425 hectare piece is reserved for city bus stand. Documents with TOI show the land bearing khasra no- 83 is at present with Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV). There is a reservation for construction of road to the land. Interestingly, this road may also connect North Ambazari road with Amravati Road. NMC had sent a letter on March 25, 2009, to district administration requesting allotment of the land for city bus stand. Then collector Praveen Darade had held a meeting with NMC and PDKV officials on November 21, 2009. PDKV, however, opposed giving up the land citing mango plantations on the land.PDKV demanded compensation in cash as per present market value. Then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta proposed to undertake developmental works against the value of land or transfer of land available near Telangkhedi. The matter is stuck there as NMC did not pursue it further for reasons best known to officials.Manager of operator Vansh Nimay Ltd Mahesh Khandalkar said the bus movement may become smooth if that land becomes available. \"Buses may enter the bus stand from North Ambazari Road or Amravati Road. Citizens will get proper services if a bus stand is developed. Hundreds of passengers are now left to stand on roads due to lack of bus stand. NMC should press for acquisition of the land,\" he said.NMC appointed M/s Vansh Nimay Infra Projects Pvt Ltd for operating city bus service in 2007. The operator brought 230 buses initially and was later given another 240 buses that came under JNNURM. All these are being operated from the roads as NMC never thought of any terminus or parking place for them. After a year long struggle, NMC was able to get four platforms at Mor Bhavan bus stand for city buses. However, a majority of buses are still being operated from busy roads in Sitabuldi. They are even being parked in historic Kasturchand Park for last two months.The problem of parking Starbuses can be solved if land behind Mor Bhavan is made available to the bus operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409292", "title": "Cops launch detailed probe to ascertain Kashmiri man\u2019s links", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala police on Sunday launched a detailed probe to unearth the activities of a Kashmiri man - who was arrested from Irinjalakuda in Thrissur on Saturday evening.Police picked him up for possession of fake electoral ID cards, NCC certificates and seals of magistrates and registrars of colleges in Jammu and Kashmir. Irinjalakuda sub inspector T Anil Kumar told TOI that the youth was identified as Annath Hussain (24) of Srinagar.\"He has been in Kerala for the past three months. Hussain came here from Bangalore. We have seized fake seals and a pen drive from the accused. We zeroed in on him after we got information that a Kashmiri man has been frequenting a cyber cafe in town,\" the sub inspector said.Hussain is part of a group that came to Irinjalakuda to conduct an exhibition of Rajasthani handicrafts and dress materials at the town hall. \"We have interrogated all members of the group to collect more details about the accused. An alert has been issued to the police in Srinagar. A team of police officials will go to Bangalore to collect more details about Hussain,\" an official said.Officials said they are tracking his e-mails and calls. \"He has been in touch with a few persons in Srinagar over phone. The pen drive has been handed over to the cyber wing for detailed examination,\" officials said.The accused was presented before judicial first class magistrate court in Thrissur and remanded in judicial custody. \"We will seek his police custody to interrogate him,\" officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408073", "title": "6 criminals arrested", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of six gangsters, the Patna Police on Sunday claimed to have busted an inter-district gang involved in cases of dacoity and other crimes, lodged with different police stations in Patna and Nalanda districts.The police said that acting on a tip-off, a police team led by Fatuha ASP Jayant Kant carried out raids at Fatuha, Ramkrishna Nagar and near R-Block roundabout here and arrested these criminals.Kant said that the criminals have been identified as Dharmendra Paswan alias Bhuklu Paswan, Awadesh Yadav, Suraj Paswan, Mukesh Kumar, Anil Kumar Yadav and Awadesh. He said that Suraj is an employee of a posh hotel in the state capital.The team recovered three countrymade pistols, Rs 20,000 cash, eight cellphones, besides tools for breaking batteries from the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408491", "title": "Lohia Park-like green belt to come up in all districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The forest department finds Lucknow's Lohia Park a perfect example of greenery in an urban area and now wants to develop several similar green belts in every district of UP. \"Lohia Park is wonderful example of greenery and a perfect place for morning walk,\" said Mohammad Ehsan, the principal chief conservator of forest. The department will identify four to five such sites in each district where plantation would be done at a large scale.At least 2 hectare area in cities and 5 hectares in villages will be brought under green belts. Besides, some 2km long stretch along roads will also actively be planted. To increase the green cover, 10 metre thick strip of trees will be raised along the roadsides.Considering that finding such places in cities would be a challenge, the department would start its identification work very soon. \"The identification work will all be about finding such places. We could plant on the outskirts,\" said Ehsan said. The department will issue a GO in this regard very soon.The plantation work will begin by the coming plantation season, which starts with the onset of monsoon or the last week of June, whichever is earlier. The varieties which grow into dense, green foliage, all the year round will be planted. The 2011 report of the Forest Survey of India (FSI) showed loss of about 2 sq km of green cover in the past two years in the state. The green cover has come down to 21,720 sq km from 21,722 sq km in 2009. UP's green cover has been dwindling for years despite all the plantation efforts by the forest department. The green cover, in the past five years has gone down from 9.26% to 9.01%. It has always been very short of the national average of 33%.The forest department has also increased the target area for plantation this year, to 45,000 hectare. Though department claims it meets at least 95% of its plantation target every year, the matured trees being cut neutralizes the effort.The forest department grants permission to cut a tree in land transfer cases (which are mostly for construction purposes like highways, expressways, dams, parks or road widening), in cases like uprooting where an uprooted tree blocks traffic or endangers public safety and in cases of old trees.In June 2010, the Allahabad high court had ordered the state government to constitute a monitoring committee of various departments and environment experts to monitor plantation of trees in the state and to ensure that plants survive for longer periods. However, trees continue to be a big casualty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412254", "title": "Come out and play", "text": "At an age, when technology is slowly taking over every aspect of our lives, physical activities for children have taken a backseat and there is a need to bring children out of home to play.\"Children, today, refrain from sweating it out in the playgrounds and instead prefer playing online games from their home. Such children miss out on healthy social interactions and natural stimulation. Kids as young as 10 years old today suffer from lifestyle problems, which in future lead to several chronic diseases,\" says Shrikant Hazare, chief marketing officer, Kids Out Of Home (KOOH). Lifestyle plays a critical role in determining the health factor.Traditionally Indian schools have neglected paying attention to sports curricula in schools and as a result the only physical activity that children get while they are in school is limited to the games period. \"There are several basic requirements for a school to make sure the children are well exposed to sports education. A trained coach who is well versed with the sport they are instructing, having the appropriate infrastructure and facilities to help facilitate the right environment for children in school and the most important, a structured curriculum in place to assess the physical development in kids. The whole idea of giving focus on theory in sports has emerged from sports not being considered a viable career when a child grows,\" says Hazare.FLIP SIDEAnd yet, with technology and exposure, a lot of awareness has also grown towards the need to participate in sports activities with the opening up of sports clubs, physical training centres etc in and around one's neighbourhood.Says 'Mahabali' Satpal, former wrestler and Padma Shri recepient, president, School Games, Federation of India, \"After Sushil Kumar and Abhinav Bindra got medals for the country, a lot of students in the government schools have taken to sports. At the National School Games, Delhi stood first with the most number of gold medals (254) followed by Maharashtra (187 gold medals). About 80% of students who enrol for coaching are from government schools. We also have students from government aided schools and few students from public schools. About 60% of the girls enrolled are girl students. The attitude of parents towards sports is changing.\"Earlier children didn't have many options when it came to sports but now they do. \"There are so many options available to students now, that were not there earlier. 20 years ago, I could have never imagined going on an ice- expedition. Now, students should make use of the different opportunities and be one with themselves and nature,\" says Aman Malik, a student of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, who went on an expedition to the Antarctic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409886", "title": "City lights", "text": "The Oxford EdgeIvy League or the ivy-covered halls of Oxbridge? The former may have become the first choice of recent generations, but the latter will always be a state of mind. Which is why Mumbai felt good to welcome a high-powered group from Oxford University. It was led by the vice-chancellor, professor Andrew Hamilton, himself and included, among the eminent others, Dr Alice Prochaska, principal of Somerville College whose alumni included Indira Gandhi and Cornelia Sorabji, India's first woman lawyer; professor Peter Turano, dean of the said business school, also represented by professor Tarun Ramadorai, who is professor of financial economics there; and Dr Alfred Gathorne-Hardy, who's working on the materiality of rice project.At an elegant dinner hosted by Gita Piramal, and attended by the creamy layer of India Inc, Prof Hamilton emphasized that more than any of the specific engagements, the group was here to 'celebrate the long relationship between Oxford and India', which went back to the 16th century; the first Englishman to visit was Thomas Stephens, an Oxonian. Saying that the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research was the 'most beautiful science' he had seen, he mentioned the joint project on neutrinos which will be tracked from the deep mines of South Africa.Speaking of the hoary university's raison d'etre, he quoted Pakistan's Imran Khan who delivered the keynote at a commemorative service for the late Mansur Ali Pataudi: Oxford 'structures the mind' and everything about its ethos shapes you into a leader. Even the Iviest of the League on the other side of 'the pond' wouldn't dare dispute this.The Lost MessageThe civic administration-run TB Hospital in Sewri is a testimony to the fact that islands of tranquillity still dot Mumbai's concrete jungle. The compound, lined with tall trees and neat gardens, reminds people of sanatoria which were considered the only treatment option for TB patients in the past. In the absence of effective medicines in the pre-antibiotic period, people were left in a sanatorium that had ample space and clean air. The TB hospital's environment seemed perfect, except for the sick reminder that sick zones too are defiled by spitting. It was noteworthy to find green placards every few metres asking people not to spit as it spreads infectious diseases such as TB. But one paan-chewing Mumbaikar had spat right on a placard. And one wonders why Mumbai is not a clean city?Sanitized? HardlyToilet humour is rarely part of wellheeled conferences, but it was perhaps the only way to liven up a session on public sanitation. A group of passionate speakers who are deeply engaged in improving sanitation measures used humour to good effect at a recent session at the annual India Philanthropy Forum. \"It will be a shitty panel,\" warned the compere, setting the tone for the talk on the importance of public toilets in a country like ours. As if on cue, Rati Forbes of Forbes Marshall, when asked for her take on the subject, admitted she was at a \"potty-training stage\" when it came to sanitation issues. Jack Sim, who is popularly known as \"Mr Toilet\" and has widely used jokes to break the taboo of toilets, underlined the importance of building toilets, saying he had chosen to work in sanitation as \"people have to go to toilet. Or life is no fun\". He broke up the session proclaiming that it was time for a toilet break as the audience split into a collective laugh.Bihar's PrideBihar's centenary celebrations began on March 22. To mark the occasion, a thousand-odd Biharis settled in Mumbai packed Shanmukhananda Hall at King's Circle. Interestingly, almost every Bihari politician who joined the celebrations organized by Bihar Foundation-C P Thakur, Shahnawaz Hussain and Shatrughan Sinha-happened to be a former minister. This made the emcee, comedian Sunil Savra, quip, \"They are all former ministers. I don't like to call them former, though. May they become current ministers soon.\" Every speaker spoke of the state's progress under CM Nitish Kumar. \"There was a time when Biharis would hesitate to introduce themselves before people of other states. Now they do so with new pride and confidence,\" said Hussain. \"Bihar has got a new identity,\" echoed Sinha, in his familiar baritone. The speeches were followed by a medley of folk Bhojpuri and Maithli songs and dance, which the whistling audience lapped up.Sparrows Hop On", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408405", "title": "Station officer suspended for taking complaints non-seriously", "text": "LUCKNOW: City police chief suspended Sarojininagar station officer for taking disputes casually and going for compromise between two parties instead of initiating any punitive action. According to reports, on March 22, one Vimla Yadav, a resident of Gauri Bazaar, had complained to the police that her cycle had been stolen by a miscreant.The incident took place near a stationary shop at Gauri Bazaar area. However, nothing much was done by the police. It was after a couple of days that the same miscreant again tried to lift a cycle almost from the same spot. But this time, he was caught by locals and handed over to the police. Surprisingly, station officer Shiv Kumar, instead of initiating any action against the miscreant, asked him to pay Rs 3,000 to the girl and asked her to go for compromise.In another incident, police had received a complaint that tension had been brewing between one Rahul and his friend Monu over some issue. However, the Sarojininagar police did not initiate any action. The tension between Rahul and Monu, both residents of Sarojininagar area, turned for worse when Monu stabbed Rahul.On receiving a complaint, DIG Ashutosh Pandey on Sunday ordered suspension of the station officer. The DIG also ordered for the transfer of several constables from one police station to other in view of the problem of plenty at one place and shortage at other police stations. In this regard, 15 constables from Banthra police station were transferred to Krishna Nagar police station, 10 constables were transferred from Gosainganj police station to Aliganj, 15 from Para to Vikasnagar, 10 from Kakori to Hazratganj, 10 from Malihabad to Hazratganj and another 10 from PGI to Hazratganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12414070", "title": "Gujarat riots: SC refuses to ask Nanavati panel to summon Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to entertain a petition seeking a direction to Nanavati Commission, inquiring into the 2002 Gujarat riot cases, to summon chief minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in the carnage.A bench comprising justices D K Jain and A K Dave allowed an NGO, Jan Sangarsh Manch (JSM), to withdraw its petition challenging a Gujarat High Court's order.The NGO withdrew the appeal after the bench made it clear that it was not going to interfere with the impugned order of the high court.The bench said it cannot monitor the working of the commission and interfere at every stage when it passes some order.\"Can't it be an over reach by the court,\" the bench said, when the NGO's counsel and senior advocate Collin Gonsalves pressed for a direction to the Justice G T Nanavati Commission of inquiry which is going into the cases of riots for the last 10 years.The Nanavati Commission was formed in 2002 after the post-Godhra train carnage riots. In 2004, the terms of reference of the commission had been expanded to include in its purview an examination of the chief minister's role in the riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410065", "title": "Varanasi Nagar Nigam team seizes 250kg buffalo meat", "text": "VARANASI: The closure of slaughterhouse in Kamalgadaha has started generating serious problems like unplanned and illegal butchering of animals like buffalo in small houses in densely populated area. These malpractices were exposed when veterinary doctor of Varanasi Nagar Nigam RD Ram along with circle officer Chetganj Prashant Kumar, SO Jaitpura Anupam Srivastava and heavy police force raided the house of Shabbir Kureshi in Takia Kabristan locality of Kamalgadaha area on Sunday. The illegal and unplanned butchering of buffaloes was going on at the ground floor of his house. The police caught three persons, including Shabbir, red-handed and seized over 250 kg of buffalo meat.The raid by VNN and police surprised the locals of this densely populated and minority-dominated locality as people in small groups could be found keeping a vigil on the movement of the officials. RD Ram said as no cleanliness arrangements were being made at the slaughterhouse of Kamalgadaha and despite requesting the VNN officials to ensure cleaning of this site no action was initiated, he had to refuse it certificate for slaughtered animals on hygiene ground. He said due to butchering of animals in unhygienic condition, the meat was not fit for human consumption. On the same ground he ordered for the closure of slaughterhouse on March 5.After it, he said, the action of closure had been initiated after issuing notice and the municipal commissioner, city health officer, district magistrate and other senior officers had been informed about the action. The slaughterhouse of Kamalgadaha had surely been closed on papers but was butchering animals without licence. It was causing unscientific disposal of effluents and solid wastes in the area. RD Ram had tried to conduct raid at a house two days back but due to protest of locals he had to return empty handed with his team. On Sunday he conducted a raid at Sabbir's house along with heavy police force and exposed the malpractices continuing in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408576", "title": "Six years on, Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat remains a pipe dream", "text": "PANAJI: The Rajiv Gandhi IT Habitat, an ambitious project announced by the state government, has been lying in limbo for the past few years.The IT Habitat, for which the foundation stone was laid by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in February 2006 amid much fanfare, has been plagued by land scam allegations as well as opposition from locals.While some feel the state IT policy needs to precede the revival of the IT Habitat, others feel this is not necessary.But most agree that if IT companies set up shop in the IT Habitat, jobs will be created for youth.GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar told TOI, \"The state needs to have an IT policy in place before reviving the IT Habitat. The IT policy for the state is long overdue.\"He said there was a need to work on the instructure required including that of last mile connectivity.\"There is a need to create a conducive atmosphere in the form of other infrastructure facilities like power, water, and i Raikar said.Ralph de Souza, former president of CII Goa chapter, told TOI, \"The IT Habitat is something we need in Goa. The IT industry is a growing industry and it is non-polluting.\"De Souza felt the project would help create jobs. \"The basic infrastructure is ready for it,\" he said, adding that many companies would be willing to be part of the IT Habitat.De Souza also said that the IT Habitat would figure in a CII representation to the government that will focus on various industry issues.Subhash Shirodkar, former chairperson of the state IT corporation, told TOI, \"The IT Habitat has to start. We had cleared files of one or two companies which had complied with the new regulations.\" He was of the view that the state IT policy was not essential for reviving the IT Habitat.\"IT policy could come subsequently. It is like an incentive,\" said Shirodkar.He revealed that of the 12-14 companies that had initially applied, only four submitted fresh applications as per the new guidelines. Of these four companies, only a couple of them had conformed to the new guidelines.When asked if the IT Habitat could begin functioning with just two companies, Shirodkar said, \"Once one company starts, other companies will fall inline.\"Shirodkar said that \"lots of discrepancies in the Regional Plan and ODP\" had prevented the restarting of the IT Habitat during the Congress government's tenure.\"We sorted out the issues during the last 6-8 months,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408260", "title": "2 electrocuted in separate mishaps", "text": "KANPUR: Two persons were electrocuted in Ramabai Nagar district in the past 24 hours.In the first incident, Satendra Sachan (50), a resident of Sujaura village in Bhognipur, was repairing a snag near a transfomer in his fields when he suddenly came in contact with a live wire in which current was flowing. He died on the spot. Police sent the body for autopsy. Meanwhile, 30-year-old Raju was electrocuted in Ninhaura village in Rajpur area on Sunday, the police said. The victim, Raju, was electrocuted when he was repairing a fault on an electric pole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12410148", "title": "Junagadh zoo gets 2 pygmy marmosets", "text": "RAJKOT: Two pygmy marmosets, known as the world's smallest monkey species, have been brought to Sakkarbaug Zoo in Junagadh under an exchange programme.\"A pair of pygmy marmoset, the smallest species of the monkey, also called pocket monkey, has been brought here from Mysore Zoo under animal exchange programme,\" said V J Rana, director of Sakkarbaug Zoo.Rana said no other zoo in Gujarat had this species.The Mysore zoo got a pair of lions in return.A pigmy marmoset is just 5.5 to 6.5 inches 'tall', and weighs 300 to 500 grams. The species is found in Western Brazil, South-Eastern Colombia, Eastern Ecuador and Eastern Peru , zoo officials said, adding that the tiny animal's diet includes fruit, leaves, insects, small reptiles and tree-sap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12411320", "title": "Name of Congress candidates for MCD polls", "text": "Name of Congress candidates for MCD polls01 Lalita Gargnarela (W)02 Anant Kr Khatri, Bakner03 Aruna Devi, Alipur (SC-W)04 Sandeep Devi, Bakhtawarpur (W)05 Sudhir Parchabhalswa, Jahangirpuri (SC)06 Ram Srivastav, Mukundpur07 Aman Tyagi, Burari (W)08 Lokender Chaudhary, Jharoda09 Guddi Devi, Malka Ganj (SC-W)10 Sunita Chaudhary, Timarpur (W)11 Sanjiv Kumar, Mukherjee Nagar12 Neetika Kohli, G.T.B . Nagar (W)13 Mukesh Goel, Dhirpur14 Promila Gupta, Adarsh Nagar (W)15 Ritu Singh Chauhan, Sarai Pipalthala16 Parmabhai Solanki, Jahangirpuri-I (SC)17 Omkari Nambardhar, Nisamaipur Badli (SC-W)18 Sudesh Yadav, Libasplur (W)19 Ajit Yadav, Bhalswa20 Poonam, Jahangirpuri-II (W)21 Anil Rana, Rohini22 Shashi Bala Singh, Rithala (W)23 Brahm Prakash, Budh Vihar24 Dr. Arunaradha Balyan, Ajay vihar (W)25 Ajit Singh Solanki, Pooth Kalan26 Shardanand, Sahibabad Daulatpur (SC)27 Navita Dabas, Begumpur (W)28 Devender Kumar, Bawana29 Manisha Jasbir, Karalakarala (W)30 Rajinder Singh, Mundkamundka31 Bhoomi Rachaya, Nangloi West (SC-W)32 Attri Devi Rangini, Lothi (W)33 Ashok Kumar, Pratap Vihar34 Sudesh Rajpal, Nithari (W)35 Pending, Kirari Suleman Nagar (SC)36 Anil Mathur, Prem nagar37 Prakash Wati, Sultanpur East (W)38 Meena Begum, Mangolpuri North (W)39 Yuvraj Sharma Sultanpur Mazra40 Hemilata goel Sultanpuri South (W)41 Mahavir Saini, Guru Harkishan Nagar42 Prithvi Singh Rathore, Peera Garhi (SC)43 Ramesh Devi, Nangloi East (W)44 Jai Bhagwan Kaushik, Quamuruddin Nagar45 Santosh Agarwal Rohini South (W)46 Seema, Mangolpuri East (SC-W)47 Asha Jai Narain Mangolpuri48 Sushila Devi Mangolpuri West (W)49 Kapil Yadav Rohini north50 Dr. Monika Puri, Rohini Central (W)51 K.K. Garg, Rohini East52 Renu Bajaj Naharpur (W)53 Manohar Lal Jain, Pitampura South54 Bimla Devi, Pitampura North (W)55 Gobind Prasad Sharma, Shalimar Bagh North56 Manju Agarwal, Shalimar Bagh South (W)57 Dr Umesh Mittal, Paschim Vihar South58 Shanti Sharma, Paschim Vihar North (W)59 Dev Raj Arora, Rani Bagh60 Jyoti Aggarwal, Saraswati Vihar (W)61 Rajinder Tyal, Tri nagar62 Geeta Yadav, Rampura (W63 Ishwar Bansal, Kohat Enclave64 Hem Raj, Shakurpur (SC)65 Sonia, Nimri Colony (SC-W)66 Nirmal Sharma, Sawam Park (W)67 Anuja Popli, Wazirpur68 Sheel Bandhu , Ashok Vihar (W)69 Kapil Nagar, Kamla Nagar70 Ranjana Sondhi, Rana Pratap Bagh (W)71 Kailash Bidla, Sangam Park (SC)72 Pradeep Sharma, Model Town73 Shalu Malik, Shastri Nagar (W)74 Prerna Singh, Inder Lok Colony (SC-W)75 Satbir Sharma, Kishan Ganj76 Manisha Sharma, Deputy Ganj (W)77 Harsh Sharma, Kashmere Gate78 Naina Premwani, Majnu Ka Tila (W)79 Asim Ahmed Khan, Jama Masjid80 Sunita Kala, Chandni Chowk (W)81 Ramesh Dutta, Minto Road82 Mukesh Chola, Kucha Pandit (SC)83 Seema Tahira, Bazar Sitaram (W)84 Mirza Fazil Beg, Turkman Gate85 Saima Riaz, Idgah Road (W)86 Syed Irfan Mir, Ballimaran87 Sunita Indoria, Ram Nagar (SC-W)88 Zahida Qureshi, Qasab Pura (W)89 Jag Jivan Sharma, Paharganj90 Madhu Khurana, Model Basti (W)91 Naresh Sharma Nitu, Karol Bagh92 Kamal Mohanpuria, Dev nagar (SC)93 Babita Sharma, Baljeet Nagar (W)94 Sunil Bajaj, West Patel Nagar95 Manju Khan Akwal, East Patel Nagar (SC-W)96 Madhu Bala Arora, New Ranjit Nagar (W)97 Rajan Barara, Kirti Nagar98 Sumiti Maggo, Mansarover Garden (W)99 Anil Talwar, Moti Nagar100 Mamta Joshi, Karampura (W)101 Parul Tyagi, Raja Garden (W)102 Rajdeep Sharma, Raghubir Nagar103 Prem Suresh Yadav, Punjabi Bagh (W)104 Usha Panwar, Madipur (SC)105 Manmohan Singh Kochar, Rajouri Garden106 Sunita Subhash Yadav, Tagore Garden (W)107 Meghraj Chandila, Vishnu Garden108 Meenakshi Chandila, Khayala (W)109 Surjeet Singh Duggal, Janakpuri North110 Uma Naidu, Nangal Raya (W)111 Raj Kumari, Hari Nagar112 Manju Setia, Subhash Nagar (W)113 Pradeep Sharma, Mahavir Nagar114 Anita Babbar, Tilak Nagar (W)115 Duli Chand Lohiamaj, Bhupinder Singh Nagar116 Amrita Dhawan, Vikaspuri East (W)117 Sanjay Puri, Janakpuri West118 Meena Kapoor, Janakpuri South (W)119 Rahul Sharma Milap Nagar120 Vimla Devi, Sitapuri (W)121 Ashok Pandey, Kunwar Singh Nagar122 Anitahastsal (W)123 Sahib Kumar, Vikaspuri (SC)124 Balwan Singh, vikas nagar125 Anju Gupta, mohan garden (W)126 Deepak Kumar Rathi, Nawada127 Manorma Kaushik, Uttam nagar (W)128 Manoj Kaushal, Bindapur129 Tilotama Chaudhary, Dabri (W)130 Maya Devi, Manglapuri (SC-W)131 Vishnu Pratap Singh, Sagarpur132 Geetanjali Jain, Sagarpur west (W)133 Raj Kumar Bahot, Chhawla (SC)134 Rajbir Singh Dabas, Nangali Sakrawati135 Sudesh Thakur, Kakraula (W)136 Rajpal Solanki, Matiala137 Sangeeta Yadav, Roshan Pura (W)138 Jai Kishan Sharma, Najafgarh139 Rajesh Kumari, Dichaon Kalan (W)140 Nirmala Khera (SC-W)141 Praveen Rana, Bijwasan142 Rekha Yadav, Raj Nagar (W)143 Satbir Singh Balmiki, Kapashera (SC)144 Manoj Bhardwaj, Mahipal Pur145 Rachna Solanki, Palam (W)146 Mukesh Bhardwaj, Sadh nagar147 Kavita DEVI, Mahavir Enclave (W)148 Mukund Ram Bhatt, Madhu Vihar149 Saurabh Sudan, Rajender Nagar150 Prem Lata, Pusa (W)151 Sudeep Chola, Inder Puri (SC)152 Brahm Yadav, Naraina", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12407717", "title": "Himachal Pradesh govt aims to sterilize 2 lakh monkeys", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monkey menace in Himachal Pradesh has reached the corridors of the Planning Commission.On Friday, national planners were surprised after the state government informed them about its `unusual but controversial' target to sterilize two lakh monkeys this year.Perceived as a copybook example of man-animal conflict, the BJP government in the hill state has justified the move, arguing that monkeys are destroying forest, crops and attacking tourists and locals alike in popular holiday destinations.HP has also decided to set up 25 monkey sterilization centres to keep a check on the growing monkey population. The centres will be equipped with state-of-the-art equipment, and will be operated by trained manpower.Monkey menace was discussed during a meeting between HP CM and Plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia on finalizing the annual plan outlay for the next fiscal.Planners were told that the state government has sterilized around 45,000 monkeys, and wants to drastically reduce the simian population in the state by meeting the sterilization target in 2012.Sources said the government has also announced a cash incentive of Rs 500 per monkey captured. Forest guards will also be eligible to get benefits under the scheme.The move has left animal right activists enraged. They are arguing that allowing common people to capture monkeys and hand them over for sterilization could be a \"cruel\" act, and best left to experts. Latest count suggests that there are around 3 lakh monkeys in the state.State officials said that farmers in many parts of HP have been forced to abandon cultivation due to the rising incidents of monkeys destroying crops.It remains to be seen how right-wing groups like the Bajrang Dal react to the state government's latest move since it had forced to revoke a similar plan of allowing farmers kill monkeys a couple of years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409932", "title": "Registering FIRs still a tough task", "text": "Online registration of a First Information Report (FIR) may be a distant dream in an age when citizens still have to turn to the courts to get their cognizable complaints registered by the police.Despite repeated reminders by the Director General of Police and censure from the courts, several police stations still refuse to entertain cognizable complaints. The victims are forced to file private complaints in court under section 156 (3) of the Criminal Procedure Code, to get police to register an FIR. \"It is unfortunate that in this country a common man has to pay a bribe to get a theft complaint registered,'' said activist Anand Yogacharya.Yogacharya, who tried to file an FIR for a house-breaking case for five years, has now filed a writ petition before the Bombay High Court against Mumbai police. Often, people who attempt to register cognizable offences are end up registering a non-cognizable offence instead. \"Despite the session court's directives to register a prosecution case against police officers and private persons who framed me in a drug case, I had to file a private complaint to get police to register an FIR,'' said Rajesh Solanki, who was framed by Dongri police.However, a senior police official said, \"Every complaint received at a police station is not necessarily a cognizable one. The officer often refuses to register it as it may be a civil dispute or could be an attempt to settle scores due to a previous enmity.\"The Bombay High Court, hearing a writ petition filed by one Iqbal Ram Khan, had observed : \"It has come to our notice that in several cases though a cognizable offence is disclosed, such complaints are not registered, resulting in grave injustice being caused to the complainants. The DGP is therefore directed to inform all concerned police stations to strictly adhere to provisions of sections 154 Cr PC and ensure that complaints are registered promptly as soon as commission of a cognizable offence is disclosed. Strict action will be taken if directions are not followed.''Moreover, the DGP in a recent circular said though the officer in-charge should make preliminary enquiries into a complaint, he should make an entry of the complaint and the enquiry must be completed in not more than two days.A Long HaulDec 2009 |An employee was arrested by police for cheating his former company of Rs 20 crore, after it filed a private complaint in court. Police initially refused to register an FIRDec 2011 |Senior officials were arrested for stealing data from their previous employer after a magistrate directed police to register an FIR and probe the case", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409533", "title": "Ludhiana-based couple harassed", "text": "A Ludhiana-based couple, travelling in a car, were chased and harassed by miscreants near Sector 36 on Friday night. They chased the couple driving behind them in a car, bearing a Delhi registration number. The Ludhiana youth lodged a police complaint alleging occupants of a car (DL-3CAJ-2181) chased and passed obscene remarks towards his fiance. A case was registered at PS-36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408052", "title": "Gadget-freak staffer steals jeweller\u2019s gold", "text": "MUMBAI: Apparently love for electronic gadgets drove an employee of a jeweller to steal diamond-studded gold ornaments worth Rs 47.5 lakh from the store where he worked.Ashok Singh alias Rajput (36) was employed by Rakesh Jain who had his showroom, Sehjal Jewellers, at Zaveri Bazaar. \"Rajput attended to customers and helped Jain open the shop and shut it at night,\" the police said.On March 21, Jain lodged a complaint with the Pydhonie police saying on March 12, he found 2.5-kg diamond-studded gold ornaments missing. During the questioning of the employees, Rajput told the police that he was with Jain when he opened the shop on the day of the theft but just before that, he was in Navi Mumbai. \"But his mobile location showed he was in Mumbai all the time,\" said an officer. A few witnesses told the police that they had spotted Rajput near the shop early on the morning of the theft.Suspicious of his role, the police detained Rajput who, during thorough interrogation, broke down and confessed to the crime. He told the police that he managed to get hold of the store keys from Jain, made copies of them and later stole the ornaments from the shop. After the theft, he checked into a hotel in Sanpada, sold a part of the stolen booty and used the money to buy an LCD television set, a VCD player, a camera and a high-end mobile.Rajput worked for Jain as an artisan for two years till mid-2011, after which he quit as his salary was not hiked. After that, he worked with a mobile dealer but left that job soon after. Again, in November last year, he rejoined Jain's shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12409220", "title": "Woman ends life with daughter", "text": "AKOLA: A middle-aged woman ended life with her one-and-a-half years old daughter Shweta by jumping into a well in a field in Buldhana district on Saturday.The deceased woman, a resident of village Hatni, has been identified as Nanda Jadhav (35). She left the house on the pretext of answering the nature's call. The incident came to notice from the chappals found near the well. The bodies were fished out and sent to hospital for postmortem. The reason behind the suicide was yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407726", "title": "1 dead, 12 injured as bus runs into lorry in Vandalur", "text": "CHENNAI: A state government bus driver was killed and 12 passengers injured when he fell asleep at the wheel. The bus rammed into a parked lorry on Grand Southern Trunk Road near Vandalur zoo around 5.30am on Sunday.Traffic on the national highway (NH45) between Tambaram and Guduvanchery was affected for an hour, delaying many bus services from southern Tamil Nadu. A police team, led by Otteri police inspector S Venketachalam, shifted the injured passengers to the nearest hospital and with the help of residents.The State Express Transport Corporation (SETC) bus was had left Salem at 11.30pm on Saturday and was headed to Chennai. \"The bus was travelling at around 80kmph. The driver might have dozed off and by the time he saw the lorry, it was probably too late,\" said police sources, adding that the driver had died on the spot.Fire and rescue personnel from Guindy and Maraimalai Nagar fire stations took 45 minutes to retrieve the body of the driver, K Palaniswamy, 35, as he had got trapped when the bus crashed into the truck. A native of Anthiyur village of Bhavani taluk in Erode, Palaniswamy got married only a month ago. The body was sent to Chengalpet Medical College Hospital for postmortem.The injured passengers were initially admitted to Government Taluk Hospital at Chromepet but later shifted to Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital in Chennai. Otteri police filed a case under section 304A of IPC (negligence). \"Passengers at the back of the bus escaped with minor injuries while those in front were seriously injured,\" Venketachalam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412311", "title": "Aishwarya Sakhuja is on a brand-wave", "text": "Actress Aishwarya Sakhuja, is on a brand-wave and has now become the brand face for Enrich Salon to promote hair and beauty care among her fans, in the western belt of India.The bubbly actress who plays the role of Toasty in the TV series 'Saas Bina Sasural', was recently even signed by Cadbury, will represent the salon chain and spread its core value among people who are young at heart and high on aspirations.\"I am proud to represent Enrich for I trust the brand that provides the best for hair care &amp; beauty needs. I take this as an opportunity to communicate on the significance of a presentable look as confidence begins with it,\"says, Aishwarya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409349", "title": "Piano represents me in so many ways: Gurbani Bhatia", "text": "KOCHI: Gurbani Bhatia was 13 when she cut her first album with T-series. At 21, she has already represented India in international forums like 'Incredible India Fest' in Geneva in 2011, playing traditional Indian songs and Sufi songs using a typically western instrument like piano.Bhatia was in city for performing at the Jose Thomas Performing Arts Centre (JTPac) on Sunday.\"I didn't have a teacher; neither did I depend on internet for playing piano. I just connected with the instrument in a certain way and now it represents me in so many ways,\" said the graduate from Delhi University . This talented pianist just has to listen to a new song for ten minutes and she knows which keys to play in order to get it right.There was a grand piano at her house in Delhi, which had been a piece of decoration. But after she, at a tender age of 10, opened its flap and started playing the instrument, things changed. Now the piano has become the central object at her place.\"I was curious about this 'box' emitting sounds. Then I learnt the pattern by myself. Soon I was playing songs using it,\" she said.Her parents, both from families with no musical background, were thrilled to see their daughter reciting her first song in piano. It was the rendition of Kishore Kumar \"Aa chal ke tujhe main leke chala.\"In spite of all the talent and popularity, Gurbani is quite a normal girl. Like any college girl, she loves to flaunt the latest trends in fashion.But when it comes to the stage performances, she sticks to traditional salwar-kameez.\"People ask me why I wear such traditional attire for this western form of music. But I represent the music I play, that is usually fusion and experiments in traditional music,\" she said.At the performance at JTPac, she played traditional Punjabi folk songs like the romantic 'Lathe di chadar' making the Punjabi audience sing along as she played.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409811", "title": "Dulat elected vice-chairman of Defence Services Officers Institute", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Brigadier (retd) M S Dullat was elected as the new vice-chairman of Defence Services Officers Institute (DSOI), Sector 36, unopposed on Sunday. This was the first time in the history of the institute that an entire executive committee of the institute was elected unanimously.The post of the chairman is held by a serving Major General rank officer from the Western Command headquarters. It would be consecutive second term for Brigadier Dullat in DSOI as vice-chairman. Brig Dullat said he would continue to work for improving the institute. Improvements in the catering department would be the priority, he added.Group Captain (Retd) H S Chimni, who has been elected for sports , entertainment and library committee, said, Our focus would be to provide more recreational activities for the members at institute.Besides, vice-chairman other office bearers of various committees of the institute elected are Group Captain (Retd) H S Chimni for sports, entertainment and library sub committee, Lt Col (Retd) R S Gill for screening &amp; discipline sub committee, Lt Col (Retd) R S Mangat for catering, bar &amp; gen services sub-committee, Major (Retd) D P S Sandhu for housing area development and garden sub-committee and Brigadier (Retd) Khuswant for finance sub-committee. All these were elected unopposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12409373", "title": "\u2018Bhatkal is not a town of culprits\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: The Times of India had reported in its columns on March 23, 2012 that a police team was in Bhatkal in Uttara Kannada district to search for explosive material including RDX stored in an unidentified house in the town following revelations by arrested terror suspects that the same had been used in the serial Bangalore blasts of 2008 and the recent Delhi high court explosion.The report, headlined \"Bhatkal sits on massive RDX dump, say cops\", was based on police sources privy to investigations. TOI has no reason to brand Bhatkal as a town of culprits.If the report paints such a picture of the town, TOI would like to correct the wrong impression and assert it has no intention to hurt anybody's feelings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410038", "title": "Schol watch", "text": "ENTREPRENEURSHIP ALUMNI SCHOLARSHIPCambridge Judge Business School is offering scholarships for 2012 entry to the postgraduate diploma in entrepreneurship through the Entrepreneurship Alumni Scholarship Fund.ELIGIBILITY:Scholarships of up to \u00a33,000 may be awarded to candidates who meet the following criteria:Academic excellenceCandidates must meet and should exceed all academic entry requirements for the programmeEntrepreneurial potential and ambitionCandidates should clearly be able to demonstrate their entrepreneurial qualities and share future entrepreneurial plans highlighting the impact of these plansFinancial needCandidates should present a clear case for requiring financial support on the programmeHOW TO APPLY:Candidates wishing to apply for an 'Alumni Scholarship' should send a letter of no more than 1,000 words, which puts forward their case for support by highlighting their entrepreneurial potential and ambition and listing their financial need.The letter should be sent to Elizabeth King, programme and admissions manager for the postgraduate diploma in entrepreneurship, along with a full and completed application for the programme. Scholarships will only be awarded to candidates admitted to the postgraduate diploma in entrepreneurship and they will be notified of the outcome of their application for a scholarship alongside the outcome of admission to the programme, normally in June of the year of entry. Candidates are responsible for payment of the remainder of their programme fees and costs relating to their attendance at residential sessions. To accept both - a programme offer and a scholarship, candidates must pay the reservation fee in full by July 10. The value of the scholarship will be deducted from the final payment of fees.DEADLINE:April 30ESSEC BUSINESS SCHOOL PARIS SINGAPOREThe ESSEC advanced Master's in financial techniques programme at The ESSEC Business School Paris-Singapore will award excellence scholarships (euro 10,000 each) to three outstanding candidates admitted in the 2012 intake of the Asia track (Financial Engineering Asia)DEADLINE:April 13 For details, email to essecindia@gmail .com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12407550", "title": "Pak's deputy attorney gen works off Taliban's sins at Delhi gurdwaras", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man in a maroon kurta sits hunched on the floor on Sunday afternoon, polishing the shoes of devotees at a room in Delhi's Gurdwara Rakabganj. It's a common sight in gurdwaras, except that this man is Pakistan's deputy attorney general, Muhammad Khurshid Khan, who had requested he be allowed to perform seva ( community service) at the shrine.Khan, 62, is an eminent lawyer and a devout Muslim from Pakistan's Peshawar province. He is in Delhi for a judicial conference. \"I have been more keen on visiting various places of worship here to promote harmony between India and Pakistan,\" says Khan.Khan's tryst with temples and gurdwaras began in 2010 to \"heal the wounds of minorities in Pakistan by becoming their sevadar (performer of service)\". For him, it was a \"penance\" for crimes committed by the Taliban.In February that year, the Taliban had kidnapped three Sikhs from Peshawar and demanded a $235,000 ransom. Pakistan army rescued two of them, but the third, Jaspal Singh, was beheaded by the captors. After the killing, Khan performed service at a gurdwara in Peshawar.\"I seek harmony among all religions,\" says Khan, citing Pakistan's pluralistic heritage.\"I am a Muslim, not a terrorist; I am a Khan, not a terrorist; I am from Pakistan, but not a terrorist.\" This is Pakistani deputy attorney general Muhammad Khurshid Khan's humble submission as he visits gurdwaras across New Delhi and performs seva (community service).The Taliban, he says, has plundered Pakistan's pluralistic heritage. \"But I want to tell the world it's unfair to tarnish a whole community for the sins of a few,\" says the Pakhtoon who ran for Pakistan's National Assembly twice.In Delhi for a conference, Khan, accompanied by Surinder Singh, a Delhi based businessman whose father was a comrade of Subhas Chandra Bose, has polished shoes at Gurdwara Sisganj and visited Birla Temple and Hanuman Mandir.Khan told TOI that he turned to other faiths after the Taliban beheaded a Sikh, Jaspal Singh, in Peshawar in February 2010. \"When I visited the house of Jaspal, I was filled with remorse.\" The killing weighed on his conscience. He was perturbed that violence in the name of Islam brought a bad name not only to Muslims and Pakistan but also to his people, the Pakhtoons.The next day, he went to Gurudwara Bhai Joga Singh in Peshawar and sat on the steps. He could hear the chants wafting out of the shrine. \"I felt peace,\" he says.The lawyer started reading about Guru Nanak and approached a member of the gurdwara management committee to allow him the opportunity for seva. After discussions, the gurdwara management committee allowed to perform seva.\"For two months, I went to the gurdwara daily before the maghrib azaan (call to prayer at sunset) and polished shoes of devotees. \"Sevadari is ibaadat (worship),\" he says.In Delhi, Khan also went to Jantar Mantar in the hope of meeting Anna. He sent his visiting card and waited for close to an hour but could not meet Anna. But he left the place \"charmed\". \"It is amazing. This is democracy,\" he said.On his way back to Pakistan, he will visit the Golden Temple at Amritsar for the 'Jora Ghar Seva (polishing shoes of devotees). He had written to PM Manmohan Singh last year to allow him a chance to perform seva at Amritsar. \"I am yet to get a reply,\" he said.He has performed similar service at Hindu temples and joined church prayers every Sunday in Pakistan. \"I live in a rigid society. But the ulema have never criticized me. The Hadees says anything good must be spread all around,\" said Khan. His gesture has been appreciated by Muslims and minorities in Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412594", "title": "I felt like a caged animal: Madonna", "text": "Ever the culture chameleon, pop icon Madonna has defied norms and reinvented herself more often than folks can remember. At 53, she is all set to win over a new generation of fans with her never-say-die attitude. The Material Girl tells TOI how Gaga amuses her, why her latest album sets her free and why she'll be skipping India during an upcoming world tour.You're the biggest pop icon in the world. What inspires you to continue making music?As long as I have stories to tell and opinions to express, I will continue making music. For me, songwriting is all about simplicity. It's about having a melody, some words and singing that hopefully comes from your heart or different emotions.You are embarking on your world tour. Why isn't India on the list?I'm dying to come to India, as I've never been there! I'm not sure why India isn't on the list, but I will ask this question to my people.Ray of Light had influences of Indian music. Have you thought of collaborating with any Indian musicians?Nothing yet, but I'm very open to it and would love collaborate with Indian musicians in the future.What inspired you to make MDNA? How would you describe the vibe of the record?I felt like a caged animal. That's where I was coming from with this album. While I enjoyed the entire phase of filmmaking - and I am really proud of my film (W.E.) - I felt like I had to get back to the basics of chugging my guitar and the simplicity of raw emotions. I experienced a really good feeling when I was writing a song and playing the guitar or singing I'm A Sinner. Especially when I was doing totally improvised vocals for Gang Bang in a room, I felt like I had to just scream to let myself become possessed by this kind of Russ Meyers, Quentin Tarantino kind of character. It was all very tongue in cheek, but I just went off. Obviously, I had to get some things off my chest. I was like an animal being let out of a cage, and wanting to express all kinds of emotions. Most of the time, rhythm comes first. But if I'm playing my guitar, then the melody comes first. And then the melody or rhythm inspires the words.Are you a 'girl gone wild' like one of the tracks on MDNA? How do you deal with the constant attention on your public life?When it comes to the real me, I think I have great leadership qualities, but I don't think I'll ever be as in-control as people believe I am or want me to be. After all, I'm a human being. The nature of falling in love is that you have to compromise. I talked about this a lot when I was promoting my film. A part of you has to go. A part of you has to die. It's a valid sacrifice to make. I can always observe the world even when I'm being observed by the world - when I'm rehearsing, working with musicians and dancers, seeing the synergy or the connectivity or the chemistry that's created by people and the magic of art. It's true that I can't go out on the street the way I would if I was an anonymous person, but I have so many situations in my life where I'm allowed to do that.What do you make of the constant comparisons between Lady Gaga and you?Lady Gaga is a very talented artist and it amuses me to know that she references me in her work. It is very flattering.What's your take on the current music scenario?It's amazing! There's so much great music being put out, and because of the Internet it's easily accessible to anyone from any part of the world. I'm listening to music from different artistes from different parts of the world and it's all so easy.How do you stay so fit?There is no easy way to stay fit; it's all about hard work. It's all about the right diet, exercise and just being healthy all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409444", "title": "Highway construction target back on track", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's target to revive highway construction appears to be back on track. In the past 11 months of the current fiscal, the highways ministry has managed to build approximately 12km of road per day.Highways minister C P Joshi had told the Lok Sabha last week that his ministry will fulfill the promise of building 20 km highway by 2014 when it goes for general election.The latest compilation of road construction till end-February shows that all road construction wings put together built about 3,800 km. \"We expect another 500km-600 km to be completed in March. The per day completion could be somewhere close to 12.5km per day despite the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) likely to miss the target of building 2,500 km,\" said a ministry official.According sources, the NHAI has built 1,863 km highway between April, 2011, and February, 2012, while the annual target is 2,500km. The progress has been satisfactory in the case of construction of roads in Maoist-hit regions. In these regions, the highways ministry gets the road construction executed by the state public works departments.Till end-February, 750 km road in these regions were built against the target of 800 km during the current fiscal.The progress has been satisfactory in case of projects implemented by state agencies, though the Centre foots the entire bill. Records show that 1,175km has been built so far, and in the north-east the highway construction is about 100 km.Now, with the government successfully accelerating the awarding of projects in the past two financial years, there are indications of the ministry achieving its target. The ministry is hopeful of awarding 7,300 km by end-March. \"We have everything in place. You should wait for March 31,\" Joshi said.To push the awarding of projects further, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has set the target of 8,800 km in the next fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407913", "title": "Car sales zoom in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though the automobile industry was disappointed over the hike in excise duty on automobiles in the recent Union Budget, auto dealers are laughing their way to the bank with a spurt in sales. Customers, they say, are rushing to buy vehicles of their choice before the revised tax kicks in.Generally, on an average, 500 to 600 vehicles (both two-wheeler and four-wheeler) are sold in the city every day, but over the last few days the number has soared to 700 to 800 a day. Besides the price factor, dealers attribute the heavy bookings to the ongoing marriage and festive season.``On Ugadi day, we sold 100 cars against the average sale of 30 cars per day. Also, this month the bookings are more than the average due to the marriage season. We are expecting the trend to continue,'' RKS Motors' Vinay Saboo told TOI. Dealers, on an average, sell between 5,000 and 6,000 cars per month.Another reason for the spurt in auto sales is that the 2011-12 financial year ends in a week's time, prompting corporates to purchase new vehicles. Following the Union Budget, some car-makers had hiked price of their automobiles between Rs 5,000 and Rs 80,000. Despite that, customers are queuing up at showrooms with an intention to minimise the effect of post-Budget trends.\"Once the budget is passed, customers will have to pay revised excise duty. So, it is better to buy now rather than defer the plan to purchase a new vehicle,'' M Shashank, an architect, who intends to purchase a new car, told TOI.Some dealers have a different take on the issue. They claim auto sales were already down for the last few months and the impact of the revised excise duty could be ascertained only after April 1. However, they expect not much difference from the existing trend. \"Though some models are still being sold at the old price, there is not much difference in the sales. There are some customers who bought cars to avoid the excise duty, but the mood is not upbeat,'' Talwar Hyundai executive director Saral Talwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12408877", "title": "Anna Hazare storms Delhi, warns of August stir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pushing aside the December debacle activist Anna Hazare returned in full force to Jantar Mantar on Sunday, setting an August deadline for the government to file cases against its 14 \"corrupt'' Cabinet ministers. Energized by the surging crowd at his day-long fast, Team Anna also demanded investigation and trial against over 1,300 elected representatives (MPs and MLAs) who are facing criminal charges to be completed within the next six months.Hazare, who had been battling ill health for over two months, looked sharp and combined the attack against politicians of all hues, with his earthy wit that was met with much gusto and applause.\"FIRs must be registered against the corrupt (Union) ministers by August or there will be 'jail bharo' agitation across the country. We have to be ready for this. A date will be announced later. I will travel across the country after the session ends on May 15 and decide a date,\" Hazare said.The floundering Lokpal agitation was accompanied by a pincer attack on politicians irrespective of their ideology and set the agenda for a numerically weak government. Significantly, the activists also appeared to overlook reservations against Baba Ramdev's alleged Hindutva links to announce unconditional support for his black money campaign realizing that their appeal to the middle-class could be strengthened with the mass appeal that Ramdev commanded over north India.In their provocative speeches Team Anna members named nearly 25 politicians alleging that there were complaints of corruption against them and strong anti-corruption laws or protection could not be expected from such polity. Hazare also appeared to be sensitive to the charge that the group had ``insulted'' Parliament taking the opportunity to emphasis that it was the political representatives with dubious antecedents who had defamed the House.Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal, who is already battling three privilege notices for calling MPs ``murderers, rapists'' appeared defiant listing out 14 ``corrupt'' cabinet ministers. He argued that allegations against these ministers had been raised in newspapers and TV expose and he had no direct evidence of the wrong-doing but the allegations should be investigated nonetheless.Among those named included P Chidambaram, Ajit Singh, Farooz Abdullah, G K Vasan, Kamal Nath, Kapil Sibal, Sharad Pawar, Sriprakash Jaiswal, Sushil Kumar Shinde, Vilasrao Deshmukh, M K Alagiri, Virbhadra Singh, S M Krishna and Praful Patel. Naming MPs and CMs from across the political spectrum Kejriwal said that there were allegations of corruption against B S Yeddyuarappa, J Jayalalithaa, Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati. TOI does not subscribe to these charges.Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi attacked Team Anna for leveling baseless charges and said they were welcome to file cases if they had any proof.Hazare, whose last hunger strike in Mumbai in end-December flopped due to a low turn-out, also put the government on notice on Lokpal issue stressing that the agitation was by no means over. \"Bring Jan Lokpal or go out of power in 2014 general elections,\" Hazare said. \"We will show what is the power of Jan Lokpal Bill. I am a fakir (saint). I will show them how much strength a 'fakir' like me has,\" he said.Team Anna's new game plan was revealed through a series of speeches by Hazare, Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi and Shanti Bhushan towards the end of the fast.Bedi then talked about \"getting ready for the fight\" during Delhi polls next year followed by Bhushan who said the government fears passing of a strong Lokpal Bill as they don't want to have their own ministers in jail.Before starting his fast, Hazare, said many people have sacrificed their lives while fighting corruption and the government has not conducted any probe despite some incidents which happened three years ago. ``Their (whistleblowers') mothers, their children, their fathers, their wives are crying for justice. But this government has gone dumb and deaf. It is not listening to the cries of people. This government neither has any intention nor does it have any political will to bring a strong Lokpal Bill. We will not relent. We will have to keep struggling. I am confident that one day they will have to bring the Jan Lokpal Bill,\" said Hazare.Asking his supporters to keep up the pressure on the government, he said people of the country have woken up and they will not allow corrupt politicians to \"loot\" the resources anymore.\"We will have to bring real democracy in the country by ensuring rights of the common people who are supreme and send their representatives to Parliament and state legislatures,\" he said.Hazare said from now onwards his supporters will work in cooperation with Baba Ramdev's movement against black money to wipe out corruption in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407932", "title": "State\u2019s museums may be history soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from playing custodian to the 550 protected monuments of Andhra Pradesh, the state archaeology department, when formed, was entrusted with yet another job -- that of conserving the state's 25 magnificent museums. Over time, this role has been given a silent burial by the department. Little wonder that the official website of the department has only a fleeting mention of the museums. Barring the AP State Museum in Public Gardens that finds its fair share of display on the site, the remaining 24 are lost in the clutter of the few lines jotted under the head 'district museums'.That AP has the second highest collection of coins in the world, only next to the British Museum , dating between 2nd century BC and 20th century AD; is sitting on one of the richest piles of ancient manuscripts or flaunts an expansive collection of miniature paintings, statues, arms and ammunition are facts that are neither highlighted nor ever promoted by the department. Preservation, research or even verification of the collection at museums are a rarity, as is the regular appointment of much-needed senior officials. In fact, at least 13 of these museums are currently run by clerks as against qualified staffers from the archaeology department.The Nizamabad district museum, for instance, which has artifacts spanning three periods, the Chalukyas, Rashtrakutas and Kakatiyas (between 7 AD and 14 AD), is run by a Group 'D' employee (peon). This, coupled with the fact that the structure has not been renovated in years, has led to a steep drop in footfall of visitors. \"We have been asking the department to rope in schools to send students to the museums but so far the officials have not showed any interest in the proposal,\" said an archaeologist from the district stressing how such measures can uplift the morale of the dying sites.Similar is the case with the Andhra Sahitya Parishat (Kakinada), the Rallabandi Subbarao Government Museum (Rajahmundry), the Nellore District Archaeological Museum and the Kolanpak Museum (Nalgonda). If the one in Nalgonda has haphazardly stacked statues with little information about their historical significance, those in Kakinada and Rajahmundry have nothing more than heaps of ancient palm leaf manuscripts (dating back to the 400 BC) and old reference books buried under layers of dust. That restoration activities by official `caretakers' are seldom taken up here is not difficult to decipher for those setting foot in these once iconic buildings.\"The state government had released Rs 2 crore towards construction of a new building for Kakinada museum a year ago. In spite of several requests made to the department of archaeology, these funds have not been used so far. The museum still functions from a dilapidated building donated to the department decades ago,\" said L Sheshakumari, convener of Intach for East Godavari district.Excavated zones in the state too are in an appalling state. The Phanigiri museum in Nalgonda is awaiting a sanction to open its door for visitors. The Buddhist site recently discovered at Annavaram is crying for attention as its valuable findings remain scattered across places. Also in cold storage are four major projects sanctioned about five years ago. Though close to Rs 7 crore had been released for the `reorganisation' of the Kurnool museum, archaeological museum (Abids), state museum (Public Gardens) and Khazana building (Golconda fort), little has still been done to put the money in use.The physical structures apart, even the directory of museums, its fourth edition release slated this April contains bare details. \"I had written to the department and heads of museums in AP to provide information about their museums. They showed no interest and hence I gathered information from the state's heritage activists,\" said Usha Agarwal, a Lucknow-based heritage conservationist who compiled the directory.The consistent neglect has not just kept visitors away __ the Nellore museum, sources claim, was even closed down temporarily for the same __ but has even paved the way for thefts and other unscrupulous businesses. \"At the state museum in the city, instances of artifacts going missing has become a routine,\" said a Hyderabad-based heritage expert.Little perturbed by such concerns, P Chenna Reddy, director of the archaeology department, insists that the state's museums are in best of health. \"We are taking good care of our museums. The four (abovementioned) projects are already on track and will be completed in the next three months,\" he said.(This is the third in a series of reports that would explore all that the state archaeology department has ignored)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412948", "title": "CID producer is the oldest acting debutant", "text": "At age 62, B P Singh the producer of the record-breaking television series CID, has made his debut as an actor. Singh plays Saif Ali Khan's boss at the RAW(Research &amp; Analysis Wing) in \" Agent Vinod \".Shy to speak of venturing into an entirely known arena at this age Singh says, \"Sriram whom I've known for many years kept saying he'd cast me in his film. I didn't take him seriously. I was surprised when he actually called me for this role. I was in the US at that time. I rushed back to hear what Sriram had in mind.\"Singh thought it would just be a cameo. \"But I've a good 6-7 scenes with Saif. I was hesitant about how to approach the role. Everyone in the cast was more experienced than me. When I saw the film I though I could've done much better.\"Singh is open to other acting offers. \"Though I can't see myself being cast in anything conventional at my age.\"He is currently in the 15th year of producing CID, the most successful show of all time. \"I don't know how we did it for so long, In 15 years audiences' tastes have changed. Young people don't like to watch television any more. And still there's come connectivity with the changing profile of television audiences that's kept the show on air. I am lucky to have a team of actors, directors and writers who have kept CID going.\"Now the show is ready to go to another level. A feature film based on the longest-running serial is on the anvil. The film has been in the pipeline for nearly three years. But now it's ready to take off , thanks to certain concrete developments.Informs B .P. Singh, \"Sony who own the rights for the serial are now going to produce the film version of CID. That's a big step forward in the making of the film. If the copyright holders of the serial produce the feature we can go ahead with the film without any stumbling blocks.\"The film will feature the same cast of lead actors as the series. Singh wants to bring in a A-lister Bollywood star as the villain in the film version of CID.Apparently Sony has allocated a restricted budget for the feature film. Says Singh, \"We have to work our way around the budget allocated. That would include the fees of a big star who will play the antagonist. But we're going ahead with the film now.\"Singh's parting-shot, \"Someone suggested I should do a remake of the Guru Dutt film \"CID\". Why should we do someone else's \"CID\" when we we have our own?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12407927", "title": "Lecturer held for trying to molest woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 37-year-old lecturer was arrested on Saturday for allegedly entering into his neighbour woman's house and attempting to molest her at Masakkalipalayam near Singanallur.Police said A Senthilnathan is working as commerce department lecturer in a private college at Kalapatti. On Friday evening, he came to his house at Masakkalipalayam in a drunken mood and trespassed into his neighbour woman P Tamilselvi's house. She was alone at the home and he attempted to outrage her modesty. He also criminally intimated her. Later, Tamilselvi told this to her husband Prabhakaran , an AC mechanic, who advised her to lodge a complaint with the police.On Saturday evening, she lodged a complaint with Singanallur police station. The police have registered a case against the lecturer under section 354 (assault or criminal force to a woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code. Senthilnathan was arrested on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12409066", "title": "Waste treatment plant or shopping complex, Chalai awaits decision", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government move to zero in on Chalai as an alternative for Vilappilsala might ruin TRIDA's development plans for Chalai.Minister for urban affairs P K Kunjalikutty had announced in the assembly about the plans for setting up a modern waste treatment plant on the two acres of land owned by the Thiruvananthapuram development authority (TRIDA) at Chalai.The proposed site comes under the land already earmarked for the Rs 90-crore Chalai development project designed by TRIDA. If the government goes ahead with the waste plant at Chalai, TRIDA authorities will be forced to rethink about their project which is now awaiting administrative sanction.Sources say a letter from TRIDA has already been forwarded to the state government reminding the concerned officials about the Chalai development scheme in the same plot.The letter reportedly says that TRIDA is planning to acquire few more acres in Chalai and the government can opt for that land to set up the waste plant. \"The government has been requested to exclude the land meant for the development project. A final decision has not been made yet,\" sources said.A group of merchants in Chalai are irate over the government's new plan. \"We can't let anyone set up a waste plant here. We were promised a high-end shopping mall, not a waste treatment plant,\" said Mohammad Sidhique, a merchant in Chalai.Meanwhile TRIDA chairman P K Venugopal admitted that TRIDA will not oppose the government even if it would mean that its project will be affected. \"We can't act against the government. We are looking to integrate the shopping complex and waste treatment plant at Chalai,\" he said.The Chalai residents have termed the integration as ludicrous. \"The idea of a shopping mall near a waste treatment plant is unacceptable. It cannot be permitted,\" Sidhique said. TRIDA had proposed the construction of a commercial complex, vegetable market, rehabilitation block and link roads to give a facelift to the city's main trade centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "shashikant mahavarkar, superintendent of police of the anti-corruption bureau, nashik range, speaks about the functioning of his department and its definition of a bribe, corruption levels and what happens when the department faces a complaint against one of its own officers. excerpts of his interview with toi", "code": "12408671", "title": "Bribe givers and takers are letting India down: Police officer", "text": "Shashikant Mahavarkar, superintendent of police of the anti-corruption bureau, Nashik range, speaks about the functioning of his department and its definition of a bribe, corruption levels and what happens when the department faces a complaint against one of its own officers. Excerpts of his interview with TOI:Who comes under the ambit of the anti-corruption bureau's action for accepting bribes or favours?All public servants or any person in service or pay of the government or remunerated by the government by fees or commission for performance of public duty and those in service or pay of a local authority can face action from the anti-corruption bureau if someone lodges a complaint with us against them for accepting bribes for doing pubic work.Are people coming forward to lodge complaints against government officers and employees demanding bribes?Awareness about such cases has risen significantly during the past few years. Our department has also been spreading awareness at the tehsil level through special camps. We have issued a devoted mobile number and apart from that, we have also made the office number available 24x7. A member of our staff is always stationed at the office to receive calls or complaints on the phone. Meanwhile, we also advertise through local television cable networks, distribute pamphlets among people and organize seminars at colleges and bazaars. The drawing and essay competitions during the vigilance week held every year also help spread awareness about corruption among people.How many cases of bribery have been registered ever since you took charge of ACB Nashik?We have laid as many as 42 traps ever since I took charge of ACB Nashik on June 28, 2011. Further, we are also working on many discreet and open inquiries.Against which department have the maximum number of bribery cases been registered?The revenue department tops the list. Maximum traps have been laid for corrupt officials and employees from this department. The revenue department is followed by the police department and the land survey department in this regard. Officials and employees of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Ltd (MSEDCL), zilla parishad, regional transport office and excise department have also been caught red-handed accepting bribes.Is there any department that has seen action by the ACB after a very long period of time?Yes. We laid a trap for an excise officer recently. According to reports, this action on an official of the excise department had been taken after a gap of 17 years.Why do the revenue and police department always top the list when it comes to bribery cases?Money changes hands illegally in almost all the departments. However, the issue with the revenue and the police department is that the employees of these departments come in direct contact with the public. Hence officials of these departments are constantly in the public's eyes. There are many other departments where the bribe taker and bribe giver both benefit mutually and hence no one comes forward to lodge a complaint.Can you take action on your own against the corrupt?As long there is no demand of bribes from a government officer or employee and some work of the complainant is pending with the concerned officer or employee, we cannot take action. Nonetheless, we do have powers to conduct discreet inquiry into the work of a government servant if s/he has amassed wealth disproportionate to the sources of his/her income. In such cases, after an inquiry, we do file a case of disproportionate assets against the person concerned. As of this month, there are as many as 182 discreet and 101 open inquiries under way.Is there any scheme for giving commission to people who inform you about corrupt practises or persons?There is no such scheme from the government. However, we do felicitate people who help us in bringing corrupt government officers and employees to book.A couple of years back, Nashik was said to have topped the state as one of the most corrupt places in the state. What is the situation now?This was never the case. Corruption takes place where there are more government departments, public representatives and a large population. Considering this, Mumbai should top the list. However, in 2010, the maximum number of traps in the Nashik range office of the ACB was 124. According to me, this should cannot be the highest in the state. From the past few years, the average number of traps laid in Nashik has been around 75. In 2009, 78 traps were laid, in 2010 there were 124 traps and in 2011, 72 traps were laid. Meanwhile, this year, we have laid about 11 traps until now.Will the department be laying more traps this year?I don't believe in the numbers game and the department will not lay more traps just for the heck of it. My endeavour will always be to ensure that people are not harassed unnecessarily. There should never be wrong traps. All traps and complaints should be transparent.How much time does it take for convicting the accused in bribery cases?This generally takes about four to five years.Has it ever happened that complainants who give money for trapping corrupt employees didn't get their money back soon?That is not the case. Ever since I have joined the department, I have ensured that the money used in the traps is given to the complainant as soon as possible. A complainant gets the money back maximum within two to three months.What appeal would you like to issue to citizens at large on behalf of your department?For the good future of your nation, never give bribes to anyone. By doing this, you are only letting your nation and its development down. Everyone should understand this. If you dream of a developed India, stop giving bribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409906", "title": "Braindead techie gives life to five", "text": "BANGALORE: A 29-year-old techie will breathe life into at least five persons , after his family, including newly wed wife, decided to donate his organs on Sunday after he was declared braindead at a Bangalore hospital.Counselled by the zonal coordination committee, Karnataka (ZCCK), and doctors, the family decided to donate Sharath's organs. His cornea, liver, kidneys and heart valves were harvested , said an official. \"It is a courageous decision taken by the family. We wish more and more families come forward to donate organs in case of a braindeath,\" said Jeremy D'Souza , general manager, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12411360", "title": "With GTX 680, Nvidia takes back the graphics crown", "text": "NEW DELHI: This one is for video gamers among you.Nvidia has launched a new graphics card - GeForce GTX680 - based on its Kepler architecture to take back the performance crown from AMD. The company is claiming that GTX680 is the fastest graphics card for a desktop computer at the moment.Independent tests conducted by websites such as AnandTech and TechReport confirm that the new card is slightly faster than Radeon HD 7970, the top graphics card sold by AMD.There are only two companies - Nvidia and AMD - in the world that make high-end graphics cards for computer gamers. They usually bring out new high-end cards once every year. AMD had launched its new graphics card - HD 7970 - based on its Graphics Core Next architecture several months ago, taking the performance as well as time-to-market lead over Nvidia.GTX 680 has 2GB GDDR5 RAM running at 6000Mhz, 256-bit memory interface, 32 ROPs, 128 texture units and 1,536 CUDA cores. It has a TDP of 195W. Just like AMD's flagship card, GTX 680 is built using 28nm foundry process.\"The result of some 1.8 million man-hours of work over five years, the Kepler architecture's first offerings bring unprecedented technical capabilities to both gaming desktops and ultrabooks,\" Nvidia said in a press note.Apart from the lead in absolute performance, independent tests also show that with Kepler architecture, Nvidia has caught up with AMD in terms of performance-per-watt and performance-per-mm. This is a significant jolt to AMD's graphics unit. For the last few years even though Nvidia had fast cards, compared to AMD's offerings they were inefficient and consumed more electricity during gaming.Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang has reportedly hinted the company may use Kepler architecture to build its next graphics chip for smartphones and tablets.Nvidia said the new card would be available in India from Asus, Gainward, Galaxy, MSI, Palit, POV, Sparkle and Zotac. While prices are expected to differ from model to model, Zotac would sell GTX 680 with an MRP of Rs 32,999. In comparison, HD7970 costs around Rs 34,000 in India. In the US the reference price for GTX 680 is $499 while for HD 7970 it is $549.As far as cheaper (and less powerful) cards are concerned, AMD's partners are already selling HD7950 with a price of around Rs 28000. They are also likely to introduce HD7870 and HD7850 in a few weeks. Nvidia is expected to introduce cheaper cards based on Kepler architecture in a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407755", "title": "Menaced by neighbours, activist remains defiant", "text": "CHENNAI:Seventy-year-old Kalyanasundaram's face wears a permanent look of defiance. Popularly known as 'Thagaval Thaatha', a veteran of over 300 applications under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, he faces threats from close to home - his neighbours.Kalyanasundaram, who gathered with 50 other people from the city on Link Road in Egmore on Sunday morning in response to Anna Hazare's call for a day-long nationwide hunger fast, says his neighbours are upset that he refused to pay a bribe to officials for a water connection. He filed an RTI application in January on Metrowater connections to his locality instead of paying off officials of the utility.\"People in my area have an understanding with Metrowater officials who do not provide connections unless bribes are paid,\" Kalyanasundaram says. \"Since my petition exposed the fact that Metrowater officials were paid bribes by people in my neighbourhood, my neighbours have warned me not to leave my house or file any pleas without their knowledge.\"Kalyanasundaram filed his first RTI petition in 2006 immediately after the legislation was passed. However, the plea questioned the logic behind the law. \"The government was short of 1,50,000 people, so I asked on what basis the legislation was passed. How can overworked officials provide information and then be fined Rs 25,000 for delays?\" he had asked. The application led to a videoconference with national information commissioner Nithyanand Mishra and 15 others in the committee.Today every sub-registrar office has drinking water and bathroom facilities thanks to an RTI Kalyanasundaram filed five years ago. He is now campaigning for a bathroom to be built in the B4 Perambur Police station. \"It is atrocious that constables have to cross the road to relieve themselves,\" he says.Like Kalyanasundaram, others at the protest rally also face threats for using the RTI Act. Anvardheen faces a criminal complaint for threatening few metal scrap shop owners on Dr Natesan Road, whose commercial licences he had questioned through an RTI petition.\"The corporation admitted they did not have licences and sealed the shops. Three days later they reopened and when we filed another RTI petition, they lodged a false complaint with the police,\" he said. Demands for protection to be given to RTI activists have grown louder after S Bhuvaneshwaran was killed in the city two months ago for trying to reclaim 18 acres of land belonging to his family that had been grabbed by the land mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408913", "title": "Enrolment in govt schools declines: CAG", "text": "PANAJI: Over the last five years, while the enrolment in government schools decreased, the numbers in government-aided schools saw a significant rise, according to the Comptroller and Auditor General of India's (CAG) report. State officials attributed this trend to parents' preference for city schools.The report showed a decrease of 11.40% in the enrolment in government schools in the state and noted an increase of 13.77% registered in government-aided institutions.A review of enrolment in government and government-aided primary and upper primary schools was carried out by the CAG to ascertain the impact of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan of the central government for universalization of education upto Class 8.The number of students in government schools in North Goa declined from 31,675 in March 2007 to 28,061 in March 2011. But the enrolment in government-aided schools rose from 57,070 in March 2007 to 64,932 in March 2011.'The decrease in enrolment in government schools was due to the people's inclination towards English medium schools,' the CAG report stated. Insufficient infrastructure and lack of basic amenities in government schools have also been attributed to the decline in enrolment in these institutions.According to the report, the state project director of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan said that the decrease could be on account of parents' preference to enroll their wards in city schools and migration of labourers to other areas.The audit details show that the number of government schools in North Goa district went down from 651 in March 2007 to 644 in March 2011. On the other hand, the number of government-aided schools rose from 263 to 275 during the same period.'Audit test checked the enrolment of students in schools in 20 selected Cluster Resource Centres of three blocks (Bardez, Pernem and Sattari). It was observed that the enrolment in the primary section in Pernem and Sattari blocks showed a decreasing trend over the last five years,' the CAG report stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409025", "title": "\u2018Being a woman, I had to put in more effort than a man\u2019", "text": "In her 20 years of professional stint, Dr Devlina Chakravarty, a specialist in diagnostic radiology, has risen from a junior consultant to become the director and head of programme and finally the chief operating officer (COO) of Artemis Hospital, Gurgaon, but not without her share of hardships. She talks to Tanushree Roy Chowdhury of TOI.How many years have you been in the profession?It's 20 years now. I started as a junior consultant with Apollo Hospital to become a senior consultant in seven years. Then, I joined Max Healthcare as director and head of programme. I was also part of the operational council. I joined Artemis Hospital almost five years ago.Earning the position in so less time must be challenging?Being a woman, I had to put in a lot more handwork to reach this position. We have to think like a man but hold on to our integrity since being frivolous, on way up the corporate ladder, does not take one too far.What's the difference you still feel being a woman despite achieving a certain position?When you walk into a conference room, the gathering makes you feel out of place and looks at you from head to toe for the first 5-10 minutes. Once I start talking, they realize I have substance and mean business. The case is entirely different for a man at this position, he is generally taken seriously.What's your family's role in your success?It would have been tough without the support of my family members. They are all fiercely independent people and I never had to worry about running a household. Rather, when I'm back after a long trip, I'm the one taken care of.What initiatives have you taken to ensure the safety of women employees?We have a no-nonsense policy when it comes to our women staff. I give preference to women while hiring because they are more hardworking and have the ability to deliver. I ensure they are safe, both at workplace as well as hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12408996", "title": "CIC wants MP MLAs to reveal travel bills", "text": "BHOPAL: An order issued by P P Tewari, the chief information commissioner of Madhya Pradesh, barely an hour before his retirement has put the Vidhan Sabha in a fix. Tewari asked the speaker to issue orders to make public the travelling expenses of MLAs by uploading them on the assembly website.The CIC is to retire on March 25 and signed the order an hour before his last working day on March 22 as the three subsequent days were government holidays.In March 2010, the Vidhan Sabha secretariat had refused to provide information to an RTI applicant who sought details of the TA and DA claimed by legislators. The applicant, Ravindra Jain, had subsequently appealed to the CIC.The speaker denied the information saying it would be a breach of privilege of the MLAs, while the CIC disagreed. Jain told TOI that he sought the information to pin down alleged irregularities.Asked why he had made this recommendation on the verge of retirement, Tewari claimed it took time to study the issue. \"I wanted to study the issue of privilege. However, this is not codified anywhere and I could not perform my job\", said Tewari, who was earlier at loggerheads with the Lokayukta, since he wanted the ombudsman's office to come under RTI.The CIC's order said: \"The commitment and conduct of public servants should be beyond any doubt.\" The speaker however said he had no idea about the CIC's recommendation. \"I am in Jabalpur. I did hear about it (the recommendation), but let me return to Bhopal on Monday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408480", "title": "SP workers join the party at CM house", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly ten days after he was sworn in as youngest chief minister of the state, Akhilesh Yadav moved into his official residence at 5 Kalidas Marg with his family on Sunday. And he took along the `Kranti Rath', the customized bus which he rode through the election campaign to romp home with an absolute majority. According to the Samajwadi Party leaders, the rath will remain parked on the campus of the CM's official residence, as a symbol of change.Akhilesh was not only accompanied by his wife Dimple, three kids, relatives that included PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav and his family, but also hundreds of supporters who peddled their way to the CM's house. The crowd included four young men who had peddled all the way from Baghpat to meet their 'Akhilesh Bhaiyya', who was now the chief minister of India's biggest state.Later, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav also joined the celebration and gave his blessings to Akhilesh. It was a like a typical housewarming fiesta after which the 38-years-old addressed hundreds of supporters and other people coming from various places. The chief minister thanked all of them personally for spending days with him on the 'Kranti Rath' during his journey to nearly 300 assembly constituencies. Yadav told them that soon there would be prosperity all over the state and people would feel the change. At the same time, he requested the workers to maintain discipline and ensure that the party's image was not tarred by their 'overzealous' attitude.Obliging party workers with photo ops, accepting gifts ranging from toy bicycle to an earthern pot of fresh homemade curd brought by a party worker, Akhilesh obliged all. Thereafter, it was the time for the feast. The lavish spread had Indian vegetarian food -- chhole bhature, poori-sabzi and special dishes for those observing fast due to Navaratra. Then, there were chilled fruit lassi, kesar jalebi and rabri for all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409954", "title": "Tigress spotted with two cubs in Kerwa", "text": "BHOPAL: The tigress, which strayed into the Kerwa jungles from May last year, had given birth to two cubs, Forest department officials have confirmed on Sunday. The tigress was spotted twice in the premises of National Judicial Academy, here.\"Though the tigress remained elusive, pictures of the two cubs have been captured on cameras installed in the jungles to locate the tigress and a tiger that have frequently strayed in the area,\" they said.The cubs, are about two-and-half months old. Forest officials spotted pugmarks of the cubs apart from the tigress around a week ago in the forests near Kerwa. Subsequently, the officials on Friday got the picture of the two cubs.Meanwhile, the location of the tiger, which was roaming around in the region, has been traced to the forest of Ratapani.\"We have stepped up vigil in the area. We have written to the Bhopal district administration requesting to take steps to ensure that commuters stayed away from the region between 8 pm and 8 am,\" a forest department spokesman told TOI.The tigress was first spotted in Kerwa region in May last year, apparently straying from Ratapani wildlife sanctuary. A few months ago, a tiger was also spotted with the tigress.After the wild cat killed more than 5 dozen cattle in the area, the forest department had made desperate efforts to trap the tigress and the tiger, but in vain. Subsequently, the forest department put up warning boards in the region, informing general public about the presence of stripped animal in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409910", "title": "Dispute with contractor: FIR lodged against Chirayu trustees", "text": "BHOPAL: The city police have registered a criminal case on Sunday against Chirayu Charitable Foundation trustees on the charges of cheating, breach of trust, and criminal conspiracy following a direction from a court in the wake of an alleged dispute between the foundation and a civil construction firm.\"We have lodged an FIR against Dr Ajay Goenka, foundation secretary and managing director of Chirayu Health and Medicare Private Limited and six others on the directions of court,\" Talaiya police Town Inspector M R Khan told TOI.According to the complaint, M/s Raksha Buildcon Private Limited entered into a contract with Chirayu for construction of medical college and hospital in 2009. However, the contractors withdrew from work in 2010 following dispute over payments, but they kept their machinery worth about Rs 20 lakh at the site, which they alleged were sold off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409013", "title": "First war criminal executed in 1474", "text": "Since when are there rules governing the conduct of wars?Wars are as old as humanity and so are the rules. The Chinese, the Greeks and ancient Indian civilization have all mentioned crimes that violate laws of war. It's generally considered that the first war criminal convicted for his atrocities was Peter von Hagenbach, a Germanic Knight beheaded in 1474 after being tried and convicted by the first international criminal tribunal. In 1863, the American president Abraham Lincoln signed on the Lieber Code dealing with the conduct of the army during a war. In 1865, captain Henry Wirz of the Confederate army was executed for the breach of the code and violation of the laws and customs of war.When did the Geneva Convention come into being?The Geneva Convention is an umbrella term used for four treaties. The final treaty was ratified in 1949 in the aftermath of the World War II. The first convention was held in 1864 and its signatories agreed to give humane treatment to the wounded and sick in armed forces irrespective of the sides they represented. In the 1906 convention, shipwrecked members of armed forces were also included. The third convention held in 1929 was about the treatment of the prisoners of war and the 1949 convention laid the foundation of the ethics for protection of civilians during war. The formation of the UN after the World War II led to the adoption of all these conventions in 1949 and hence the Geneva Convention typically refers to the fourth treaty.Who is the guardian of these conventions and what are the cores?The International Committee of the Red Cross is considered the custodian of the Geneva Convention. The Red Cross however cannot act as police or judge as these duties are vested in governments. Starting with the dignity, moral and physical integrity of surrendered soldiers, the convention states that the wounded and sick should be collected and taken care of by the party which has them in its power. Medical personnel should be protected and the emblem of the Red Cross should be respected. Captured combatants have the right to correspond with their families and receive relief. Nobody should be sentenced without a judgement from a regularly constituted court. Parties of conflict can use weapons of their choice, but unnecessary losses and suffering are prohibited. Soldiers and the civilians should not be subject to physical, mental or corporal punishment. Civilian property should also be spared from destruction.Which are the best known war crime trials?The first major war crime trials took place after the World War I when Turkish soldiers were tried for their atrocities on British combatants and the genocide in Armenia and Greece. The Turkish court ordered court-martials but these orders were criticized by the Allied forces which demanded trial in a different country. In the second stage of the trial, some of the accused were relocated to Malta to be tried by international authorities. Although this was the first incident of international action on war criminals, it failed to have any major conviction as most of the accused were influential in the new Turkish government formed after the fall of the Ottoman Empire. The first large-scale convictions took place after the World War II when German and Japanese politicians and military personnel were prosecuted after the 1945 Nuremberg and the 1946 Tokyo trials for World War II atrocities. Yet, the Geneva Convention remains an utopian concept. All conflicts after the World War II, be it Vietnam, Iran-Iraq, Rwanda, Uganda, Yugoslavia, Bosnia, Kosovo, Iraq, Afghanistan or Lanka, have been marked by allegations of massive human rights violation, but only a handful of accused have got sentenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12408866", "title": "Lufthansa flies out of Kolkata skies", "text": "KOLKATA: German carrier Lufthansa bid goodbye to Kolkata on Sunday, opting for more lucrative sectors in China and other destinations. The last flight from Frankfurt to the city had 204 passengers while the return flight had 184 passengers.With the departure of Lufthansa, the city no longer has a direct connection to Europe. Passengers will now have to take either Emirates or Qatar Airways to fly out via Dubai or Doha.Dutch carrier KLM was the first European airline to fly away from the city followed by British Airways. Indian flag carrier that had a direct Kolkata-London service has also quit the city.Other carriers that have quit the shores in the past include Royal Nepal Airlines, Royal Jordanian, Royal Brunei, Gulf Air, Malaysia Airlines and JetStar Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12410276", "title": "Expert: Need for innovation in tech field", "text": "INDORE: Engineers can be engine for economic growth provided they are taught management subjects too, said N Ravichandran director of Indian Institute of Management (Indore).Ravichandran was addressing the valedictory session of the two-day national level seminar on 'Innovation, opportunities and challenges ahead in technical education' at Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science (SGSITS) here on Sunday.Ravichandran highlighted the need for innovation in the field of technical education. He expressed concerns over employing engineers as substitute of IT diploma holders.Speaking on issues of teaching management subject to the engineers and restricting the engineer flow, Ravichandran said, \"In coming two to three years permission should be restricted to start new branches or increase the batch size in engineering disciplines. Sub-segmentation of engineering branches should be brought under one umbrella.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12407907", "title": "Boney Kapoor\u2019s first wife, Mona, dies of cancer", "text": "MUMBAI: Producer Boney Kapoor's first wife Mona Kapoor passed away on Sunday morning. She was 42.A TV serial producer and the CEO of a film studio, Mona was undergoing treatment for cancer in multiple organs at Hinduja hospital. An industry source said, \"Mona was looking forward to the launch of her son Arjun's film Ishqzaade, which was slated for release.\" Mona had even tweeted her son's poster from the hospital bed.The source added: \"Her children had circulated messages, asking people to donate blood for a procedure she was supposed to go through on Monday. Unfortunately, she didn't survive.\"A pall of gloom descended over the film industry as the news of Mona's death reached it. Akshay Kumar tweeted, \"Extremely saddened to hear about the demise of Mona Kapoor, a very affectionate, supportive and positive human being. May God bless her soul and give strength to her family.\" Calling her as \"one of the most gracious, dignified and loving human beings\", Karan Johar tweeted, \"...she felt only positivity for one and all.\" While Madhur Bhandarkar tweeted: \"Shocked to hear the sad demise of Mona Kapoor, an extremely kind-hearted, down to earth lady\", Shekhar Kapur remembered her as \"a well-wisher to all...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409306", "title": "In 3 months, Ravipuram to get solar crematorium", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation is teaming up with the Rotary Club to build a crematorium that will work on biogas and solar energy in Ravipuram.The existing firewood-based crematorium would be dismantled once the new one becomes operational.Town Planning Committee chairman K J Sohan said it would take three months to finish the work. He added that the premises would be spruced up with landscaped surroundings.On Monday an MoU between the local body and Rotary Club would be signed in the presence of K Babu, minister for fisheries, excise and ports, during a function to be held at Rotary Balbhavan.The effort is part of the corporation's Kochi First initiative. The project, on a public-private participation (PPP) basis, would cost Rs 90 lakh. Rotary Club is contributing Rs 60 lakh. Plans to renovate the crematorium were dropped in June last year, faced with stiff opposition from councilors. It had an initial estimate of Rs 1.5 crore. The amount was revised later.The electric crematorium at Ravipuram was inaugurated in the late 90s. It stopped functioning in 2008.Later they decided to go for the traditional firewood-based crematorium as the electric furnace became outdated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408662", "title": "UP housing board to raise property rates", "text": "LUCKNOW: New houses and plots offered by the UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB) in Ghaziabad and Loni may cost nearly 20% more with the state government agency planning to jack up prices in the new financial year.An internal committee of the board has recommended a raise of 5%-25% in the land cost in various schemes across Uttar Pradesh. This will lead to an increase of 10%-16% in case of a majority of housing board properties. But for areas around Delhi, the rise could be more, sources said.A proposal for increase is ready and likely to be placed before the housing commissioner next week. Housing Board secretary J B Singh said it was a preliminary recommendation which was yet to get the government's final nod.\"The market prices have seen an upward trend in recent times. This called for a technical examination of the properties owned by the board,\" said a senior housing board official.The move comes a year after the last hike of 15%-16%. Private developers have jacked up rates manifold in this period. In Ghaziabad and Noida, residential property prices have nearly doubled in the last 12-18 months. The UP Housing Board had earlier sold properties in Vasundhara and Indirapuram. Siddharth Vihar in Loni is coming up now.Plots and the semi-finished houses directly offered by the board have already been sold out. So, the effect would largely be seen on apartments which are constructed and sold by private builders under the scheme.In Lucknow, the prices of plots and houses in the operational housing projects like Vrindavan housing scheme on Rae Bareli Road will escalate between 10% and 16%, JB Singh said.The prices of apartments in UPHDB schemes range between Rs 2,000 and Rs 2,500 per sq/ft. It is this segment which would see its prices spiraling when the hiked rates come into effect. Significantly, it was this segment alone which was hit by farmers stir which demanded higher compensation for their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408277", "title": "JANPA stages demonstration in Anna support", "text": "KANPUR: Activists of Jan Rajya Party (JANPA), floated by ex-IIT-ians, sat on a dharna and held a demonstration in Shastri Nagar on Sunday to support Anna Hazare's one-day fast at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi. Led by JANPA general secretary Omendra Bharat, over 200 supporters converged at a park in Shastri Nagar in Kanpur South and held protest in support of Anna. The protest started at around 10 am and continued till 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12412842", "title": "Bangladeshi miscreants torch house in border village", "text": "SILCHAR: Bangladeshi miscreants burned down a house in the border village of Lafasail in Assam's Karimganj district under Cachar and the Mizoram frontier of the Border Security Force (BSF) on Saturday night, a source said on Sunday.A senior BSF officer on Sunday said the miscreants entered Lafasail, which is outside the barbed wire fencing and along Biyanibazar sub-division in Sylhet division of Bangladesh at about 10 pm on Saturday. They torched a house belonging to Fakir Uddin, where fodder was stored. The villagers and the BSF troops rushed to the spot on hearing a commotion over the fire. This prevented the miscreants from torching more houses and they managed to flee into Bangladeshi territory in the darkness of the night.BSF sources said there is no report of any loss of life in the incident. However, following the torching, a flag meeting was held between the BSF and the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) on Sunday where BSF was represented by an assistant commander of the 115 battalion.The BGB officials assured the BSF that adequate care would be taken so that no such incidents take place in future. The suspected miscreants will be identified and action will be taken against them by concerned authorities, BGB officials said.Following the incident, tension prevails on both sides of the border. Reports said while the BSF has increased its deployment in its Sutarkandi BOP, the BGB has also done the same in its Gajukata BOP on the other side of the border. The BSF has intensified its vigil along the international border while an alert has been sounded along the 92-km international border in Karimganj, the source added.However, deputy commissioner (Karimganj) Jiten Borgoari said the situation is under control and there is no tension along the border. \"Bangladeshi miscreants often indulge in antisocial activities and since the house in question was outside the barbed fencing, it was easier for the miscreants to put it on fire. However, BSF has been maintaining constant vigil to prevent such incidents,\" the DC said.The source said 65 Indian families of Lafasail village, all Bengali-speaking Muslims, are living in the no man's land between India and Bangladesh. Bangladeshi miscreants often target these families so that they leave the place and it becomes convenient for the Bangladeshis to acquire and cultivate the land belonging to the Indian villagers, a villager complained.The Indo-Bangladesh border in this part of Assam has witnessed incidents of violence between the border troops of both countries over cultivation of Indian land by Bangladeshis in the past. On August 10, 2006 the Bangladesh Rifles (BDR), now BGB, fired at three Indian border outposts, killing two Indian women, injuring five others and displacing 10,000 persons, which created a war-like situation in Cachar district of Assam. The BDR targeted Harinagar, Kinnokhal and Tokargram border outposts of the BSF with heavy mortar when BSF jawans acted to prevent Bangladeshi farmers from cultivating paddy in the Indian land in question.A senior BSF officer said Bangladeshi miscreants entered Lafasail village, which is outside the barbed wire fencing and along Biyanibazar sub-division in Sylhet division of Bangladesh, at about 10 pm on Saturday. They torched a house belonging to Fakir Uddin and fled to Bangladesh under cover of dark", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409848", "title": "10,640 litres of adulterated milk seized", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Sunday confiscated some 10,640 litres of adulterated milk, seized four trucks and arrested seven persons in a predawn swoop in Bangalore. The milk consignment was meant for hotels and restaurants in Kalasipalya, City Market and surrounding areas . The milk was being shipped into the city from Tamil Nadu's Erode in 266 cans. Quoting the accused, a top police officer said harmful ingredients were used to adulterate milk, whose value was put at Rs 25 lakh. The ingredients have been sent for lab-testing .That cuppa of 'chai' or 'kaapi' that you relish in some eateries could come with a lot of risk. Busting a racket that allegedly supplied adulterated milk to hotels and restaurants in Kalasipalya, City Market and surrounding areas, the West division of city police seized 10,640 litres of adulterated milk being ferried in 266 cans and four trucks.Seven men were arrested early on Sunday. The consignment came from Erode in Tamil Nadu and was earmarked for hotels and restaurants in Kalasipalya and its neighbourhood , police said, quoting the accused. Cops said those with the consignment of milk failed to produce trade licence and valid invoices . They also claimed that the accused confessed to using harmful ingredients to adulterate milk and increase their profits. The seized milk was worth Rs 25 lakh in the market, police added.Deputy commissioner of police (west) SN Sidramappa was part of the raid that took place at 4.30am. The DCP said when he was on night patrol, he received a call that cans of milk were being unloaded near Topaiah junction on Siddaiah Road. \"I rushed to the spot with other officers and found there were four lorries from which they were unloading the milk cans. Four to five men had also come to pick up the stocks,\" Sidramappa said. Citing Karnataka Milk Federation officials, police said caustic soda and sugar had been used to adulterate the milk. \"Samples have been sent for further testing to know the kind of adulteration ,\" he said. While one lorry bore a Karnataka registration number , the others were of Tamil Nadu. Six of the arrested persons are from Tamil Nadu, while the other is from Karnataka , police said.Details about the rates for which the adulterated milk was sold, where it was procured from and what was used to adulterate it will be available only after further investigation , they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409280", "title": "Employment Guarantee Scheme work is not permanent employment, rules HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a significant verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that employment under employment guarantee scheme (EGS) cannot be defined as employment in an industry. Justice Ravi Deshpande set aside a judgment passed by Bhandara Industrial Court on July 13, 2005, directing the state forest department to regularize 13 workers earlier working under EGS as van majoors in Group D category.The industrial court had declared that the forest department had engaged in unfair labour practice as per the Maharashtra Recognition of Trade Unions and Prevention of Unfair Labour Practices Act (MRTU&PULP;) Act by issuing an order on September 14, 2001, directing these 13 workers to work under EGS. However, justice Deshpande rejected the industrial court's finding that by transferring the services of workers to EGS, the department has committed an unfair labour practice under the act.\"To transfer employees to work under EGS is not an unfair labour practice under MRTU&PULP; Act. There is neither any award, settlement, agreement or statutory provision that confers any right upon the respondent workers to get the job other than one under EGS. There is no prohibition on the department to provide the work to them under EGS,\" the court observed.\"The industrial court has therefore committed an error in holding that the work performed by respondents under EGS has to be treated as a normal one performed in the industry,\" the judge added.The 13 respondents who were working with the forest department had filed a complaint in the industrial court under MRTU&PULP; Act, alleging that they had been continuously working on daily basis as majoors since 1987-88 and were being paid a salary on nominal muster roll (NMR).Citing various Supreme Court and high court judgments, Justice Deshpande quashed the industrial court orders, observing that the appointment of a daily wager is not an appointment to any post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408748", "title": "Police release sketch of suspect in KTC bus stand theft", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Saturday issued sketch of one suspect in 30 lakh theft case at KTC bus stand in Panaji.Three men, posing as policemen, robbed a scrap dealer's employee of 30 lakh on the pretext of frisking him. The employee had arrived in Goa on Thursday to hand over the money to a scrap dealer.Police had launched a search for the culprits who, posing as police officers, approached Ravikumar Prajapati from Belgaum and then robbed him of the money.Police have registered a complaint of impersonation and theft and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410020", "title": "Job creators, not job seekers", "text": "The world needs new ideas, innovative solutions , and visionary leaders who can make it happen are entrepreneurs. Today's most successful entrepreneurs are those who pursue both economic and social value - who create not only wealth, but also a wealth of opportunities for others.According to Len A Schlesinger, president, Babson College, entrepreneurship education in India, where a lot of people from the middle class are becoming entrepreneurs, can be a game-changer . Founded in 1919, Babson College's key focus is to be the educator, convener and thought leader for entrepreneurship of all kinds and educate leaders who create economic and social value - everywhere.Schlesinger feels entrepreneurial activity is the most powerful tool to bring about social and economic change, and, hence, its relevance in the present world. \"However, what is important is how we support and sustain the growth of budding entrepreneurs. We are actively involved in various parts of the world from the Middle East to India, in building a robust environment for supporting the new creed of job creators by providing them the basic education of creating their own ventures despite factors like limited capital, the prevailing market and tax conditions, etc,\" he adds.Job creation is a problem everywhere in the world, including the West. Says Schlesinger, \"India has a huge potential for entrepreneurial activity given its sheer demography . Entrepreneurship education here can be used as a tool to channel the untapped human resources and produce a large number of job creators rather than job seekers.\"In India there is a lot of emphasis on building family enterprise . \"New jobs can be created through growing family businesses . This will be a solution for some of the problems being faced by society.\" While we can offer support through academic shaping and training, external factors like local community leaders and the government have to play a major role in fostering entrepreneurial activity, he further adds.Babson College is partnering with Noida-based Shiv Nadar University (SNU) to provide three entrepreneurship-focused management programmes so that students are trained to start their own ventures right at the stage of learning.The three programmes include a four-year undergraduate programme in business administration (BBA), a two-year MBA programme and a oneyear MS programme. Students pursuing BBA and MBA will get an option to study one of the semesters at Babson College , while those pursuing MS will spend the summer semester at Babson College.Babson College will help SNU with curriculum design, selection of students, faculty training and student exchanges.The entrepreneurship programmes at SNU will begin from the new academic year in 2013. Students completing the programmes will get a degree issued by the university and a certificate from Babson College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409389", "title": "Man jailed for slapping false case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been sentenced to one month jail term by a trail court for falsely implicating his daughter's lover in an abduction case as he did not approve of their inter-caste union and forcibly got his daughter married for a second time.The case pertains to a recent incident of a runaway girl who went missing from a remand home and it was later discovered that she was remarried at the behest of her father, Kaushal. Kaushal had deposed before the court that his daughter was a minor and had been kidnapped by her lover, Prem Raj. However, the girl surfaced along with her lover and told the court that she was 20-years-old.Holding Kaushal guilty of filing a false case, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said, \"This is a classic case exhibiting the manner in which the existing law and rules of procedure have been abused, misused and twisted by Kaushal (complainant/ father of the girl) only to frustrate her marriage with Prem Raj for the sole reason that he belonged to a low caste while she belonged to a high caste.\"\"...The entire system was used and abused by Kaushal to achieve his object of frustrating the marriage of his daughter with the accused... where on the one hand she continues to be the legally wedded wife of Prem Raj and on the other hand now resides with Son Pal Singh (the person with whom Kaushal had married her) as his wife,\" the court stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12408307", "title": "Ganesh Shanker paid rich tributes on his death anniversary", "text": "KANPUR: Several events marked the death anniversary of the great Indian revolutionary, Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi, on Sunday.Members of Amar Shaheed Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Smarak Samiti organised a 'Shradhanjali Samaroh' to pay tributes to the great Indian writer, leader and revolutionary. Members of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Smarika Samiti organised cultural events at Vidyarthi Temple in Chaubegola. The event was inaugurated by Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal. Members of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Smarak Shiksha Samiti also paid tributes to the great revolutionary at Ganesh Udyan, Phoolbagh.Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi died in Kanpur at a place known as Chaubegola near his presently dilapidated printing press 'Pratap Press'. The locals of that area constructed a temple in the memory of Vidyarthi. It is one of the historical landmarks of the city till date.However, one of the biggest creations of this great revolutionary, the historic Pratap Press Building is facing tough times. This archaeological monument is lying in utter neglect and needs immediate attention.The building is presently being encroached by more than 100 families, who are living there for more than five decades.This ancient monument, with ancient printing machine, old style of writing and above all the articles written by great revolutionaries like Bhagat Singh, Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi, Chandra Shekhar Azad and many more, is lying in a shambles. It has become a mute spectator to all the malpractices and meeting point of the anti-social elements. Though, all the printing machines and gadgets have been stolen but Pratap Press is now waiting for court's verdict on who would be declared its real owner.Professor SP Singh of Christ Church College said: \"Martyrs are born and seldom made. Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi was one of them. He was born on October 26, (117 years ago) in 1890 in Allahabad.\" He added that Vidyarthi was closely associated with Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru, Bhagat Singh, Chandra Shekhar and had become an active member of the Indian National Congress and the Home Rule Movement. In 1920, through his paper, Vidyarthi vehemently criticised the government and the zamindars for which he was arrested on charges of spreading unrest.\"\"Ganesh Shanker was a journalist with a forceful, clear and simple style. He deplored social and moral degradation of the Indian people and wanted laws to be passed to check social evils. He wanted to check beggary, rehabilitate the prostitutes, prevent young boys from being trained as ascetics and improve the condition of women.He was opposed to the powerful impact of western civilisation which made Indian intellectuals slaves of foreign culture,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414406", "title": "Simbu and Nayanthara back together again!", "text": "There are strong rumors in the winds that Simbu has approached Nayanthara to appear in the Love Anthem that he is working on. Since Nayan has decided to don the greasepaint once again, Simbu is said to have offered her the chance.Nayan, sources say, is contemplating on joining the star as she feels the Love Anthem would give her a lot more publicity than a movie.However, this news has not been confirmed either by Simbu or by Nayan. It is worth mentioning here that there were rumors that Simbu wanted the actress for an item number in Osthe, but this was denied by both of them later. Eventually, Mallika Sherawat was seen gyrating for that song along with Simbu.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12408521", "title": "Will VMC\u2019s plan to beautify Sursagar remain on paper?", "text": "VADODARA: After the ruckus created by city unit Congress over pollution in Sursagar Lake, the BJP-ruled Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has made yet another ambitious announcement of beautifying the lake. The civic body that has failed to even keep the lake stink-free is now promising to install illuminated fountains, make a food court, a garden and a hanging pool on the lake. Mayor Jyoti Pandya said project has been initiated as a part of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad's 150th birth anniversary that is being celebrated this year.While many may find it as the ruling party's desperate act to save its face in the wake of the recent GPCB report that revealed Sursagar Lake as being most polluted lake in the state. Congress leaders have been staging protests and putting pressure on VMC over last couple of weeks to initiate corrective measures.However, considering that VMC's all past Sursagar beautification plans have remained on paper, this time around too the civic body may end up just making plain promises. Way back in 2006, the civic body had prepared an ambitious plan to beautify Sursagar Lake and its surroundings to promote it as a tourist place.The then municipal commissioner Rohit Pathak was overseeing the project wherein the lake was to be cleaned up, a bed of flora was to be planted around it and recreation area was to be prepared for children and adults. An Ahmedabad-based consultant was also hired to prepare the designs but the project never took off.In 2009, the civic body again made grand promises to beautify the lake after a proposal to re-introduce boating in Sursagar was made. VMC officials had claimed that they would beautify and maintain the lake in such way that it doesn't affect its heritage looks. However, this too remained on paper. The boating facility did start in 2010 but closed down within a few months after a rift between the operator and VMC.In 2010, the civic body had itself admitted that the aquatic life in Sursagar Lake had become almost extinct. The civic body had taken samples of water from all lakes including Sursagar and tests had shown that the dissolvable oxygen was nil in the water. But all that the VMC officials did in the name of cleaning up was pick up garbage floating on the surface of the lake. A fountain was also installed in the lake to help clean up the water but it didn't help much. In 2011, a committee was formed to hire an agency that would install aeration system in the lake to purify the water. This project too didn't materialize.\"Recently, the VMC and BJP leaders took part in 150th birth anniversary of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III stating that he gave Vadodara its true identity. Then why aren't they interested in reviving the lake that was maintained and beautified by the royal family. The BJP-ruled VMC is again misleading people by making empty promises of Sursagar Lake beautification. In the past too such projects were announced but nothing concrete happened,\" said city unit Congress president Narendra Rawat.On Sunday, a release from Pandya's office made tall promises like running a toy train around the lake, creating a jogging track and re-starting the boating facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "supaul", "code": "12407978", "title": "Villagers hold Jadia SHO \u2018hostage\u2019", "text": "SUPAUL: Angry villagers held the Jadia SHO and about 30 workers of a road construction company hostage at Baghaili village under the Jadia police station in Supaul district following the death of a boy in road mishap on Saturday.The SHO and the workers were rescued when a police force from the adjoining police stations reached the spot and bargained peace with the angry protestors, police said.Piqued at the manner in which the body of a 12-year-old boy was abandoned alongside a road after he was crushed to death by a vehicle belonging to a road construction company, the villagers vent their anger. They raised slogans against the police and the road construction agency, police said.The 12-year-old Osama, son of a local resident, Mohammad Saifuddin, was allegedly crushed to death by a vehicle belonging to a road construction agency on Friday night. Instead of either going to the police or informing the villagers, they rather tried to get rid of it by throwing the boy's body on the road, police said.The boy's father, Mohammad Saifuddin, aghast at his missing son, ran helter skelter for the whole night. However, some passers-by came across the body of the boy near the village late Saturday night, the SDPO said.Flabbergasted at this, the villagers jammed the road and created a huge ruckus. Jadia SHO Aarti Jaiswal promptly rushed to the spot and tried to engage them in a dialogue. She had, in the process, a wordy spat with the angry protestors during which she allegedly used some harsh and intemperate words against them. It only added fuel to the fire, a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12409803", "title": "Government steps in to defuse LPG \u2018crisis\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: With fears of a possible LPG cylinder crisis in Mumbai and the rest of Maharashtra, the state government has intervened in the indefinite strike by tankers supplying LPG and called the transporters as well as oil company officials for discussions on Monday.\"The government has realized that the situation could worsen if our tankers continue to be off the roads for a few more days. There could be a shortage in supply of LPG cylinders to households and citizens will be majorly inconvenienced,\" said Western India Bulk LPG Transporters' Association president Vijay Khosla. He told TOI on Sunday that his association members have been invited for discussions at Mantralaya at 10.30am on Monday. \"It will be a tripartite discussion between us, the representatives from oil companies and government officials. We are ready for talks and negotiations and hope our issues are resolved on Monday.\" The transporters are demanding renewal of contracts with revised rates for gas transportation.Nearly 3,400 tankers supplying LPG continued to be off the roads for the fourth day on Sunday. Besides Maharashtra, the strike had been successful in Gujarat, Goa, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. According to an expert from the industry, if there is a cut-off in transportation of LPG from Bombay High and the refineries to the bottling plants for at least three days, it could create a shortage of LPG cylinders.Officials from oil companies allayed any such fears. Sources said it was too early to \"jump to a conclusion\". \"We will assess the situation on Monday morning, when it will be clear whether there is actually a crisis or it is just a pressure tactic by the transporters association. We will also make alternate arrangements for transportation, if need be,\" an official said.The transporters' stir has affected supply of LPG to the public sector undertakings-Indian Oil Corporation Ltd, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited.Said Khosla, \"In Maharashtra, we pay the highest toll, the cost of living is high, salaries of drivers are more than that of other states and diesel is also expensive. But we (west zone) are being offered transportation charges lower than the east and southern zones.\" He said that the new contracts for transporting LPG in the west zone have not been finalized for the past five months as there is a dispute between the association and oil firms over the rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12409263", "title": "Rich-poor divide in police probes", "text": "The mood at Dhantoli police station was sombre the day after the accident that claimed the lives of two students of an Industrial Training Institute (ITI) and left three more injured on March 17. Most officers had a dejected expression, and their body language suggested extreme frustration.One assumed the downcast expressions on most faces were due to the sad mishap that took away the promising lives of two ITI students. But the truth was far removed from this simplistic notion. Upon enquiry, it came to fore that the real reason for the sad faces was the case diary of the accident.Such an accident case, where a rich man's teenaged son mowed down some people while three of his friends from similar family backgrounds were enjoying the ride, is the dream investigation for most officers, for not always noble reasons. And officers at the Dhantoli police station were no different; while every officer dreamt of getting the case for investigation, only one lucky person could get it.While the zeal and eagerness to accept cases of rich people is common among officers, many of these personnel complain of being overburdened and stressed out when asked to handle crimes by the weaker section of the society.When the senior officer handed over the case diary of the accident to a sub-inspector, he left almost half-a-dozen others shattered, and nearly triggered a revolt, as a palpable wave of resentment swept across the Dhantoli police station.One of the officers of Dhantoli police station, who had toiled hard a day before while registering the accident offence, was so dejected that he walked out of the police station. The officer was said to have been livid at not being given the case to investigate , since it could prove to be the most 'enriching' experience in his career.A couple of other officers too accused the senior of abject nepotism for handing over the case to the particular police sub inspector.\"Every time there is an important case this PSI gets it because the senior backs him. I get only cases of people residing in the slums,\" said a visibly upset officer.Another officer claimed that his upright and honest approach always went against him while officers were being chosen to probe 'sensitive' cases. \"I am so non-corrupt that I don't get any good cases,\" he said. Around a year ago, such an upheaval was also seen at Jaripatka police station following the incident where the Kalyani brothers had sprayed bullets in the market as an act of self-defence against some businessmen.The Kalyanis, who own several businesses in the city and elsewhere, had attracted the attention of many cops, who wanted to probe the case in which the brothers were the accused. However, the senior police officers handled the case for long before handing over the diary to a sub-inspector after all the important work of investigation had been completed.Most cases pertaining to builders, businessmen and racketeers of the big leagues are known to spark a competition among officers for the investigation. \"In some police stations, there is an understanding among the officers and case diaries are evenly distributed, so as to not leave any ruffled feathers.However, in many police stations, the senior officers keep most such cases for themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409517", "title": "Noida homebuyers join Anna brigade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Homebuyers of Noida Extension joined Anna Hazare in his one-day fast at Jantar Mantar in large numbers. The buyers, who had gathered under the banner of Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA), demanded that Anna also pay attention to the plight of thousands of middle-class families who have not been able to gain possession of the flats booked by them in the area. This is due to the ongoing land row as well as corruption and red tape.Buyers wanted that corrupt officials responsible for the precipitation of the housing crisis in Noida Extension be punished. They also asked for the formation of a regulatory authority for the real estate sector at the earliest, so that builders are required to follow guidelines that will ensure protection of all homebuyers.\"We had invested our life's savings in booking houses but were not informed that these projects had a number of cases against them, but the truth has tumbled out. People's ire should not be directed at government employees alone, as the builder-politician nexus is equally inimical to public interest,\" said Manoj Sachdeva, a senior bank employee in Mayur Vihar III, who has booked a 3 BHK flat in Eco Village - I project. .After the Noida Extension crisis deepened in July last year, making the fate of hundreds of housing projects uncertain, this is the first time that homebuyers have taken to the streets in Delhi.Homebuyers, who had come to Jantar Mantar from several parts of the NCR, including Ghaziabad and Noida, waved the Tricolour as they chanted with Team Anna. Many of them had painted the Tricolour on their cheeks, while others sported Anna caps. Many homebuyers had brought their families with them.Even as hopes of getting their dream homes were rekindled after there were positive developments at the NCR planning board meeting last week, homebuyers were worried after news came in that Team Anna would soon be camping in Greater Noida to support farmers.\"After a year of waiting, we had some hope of getting our dream homes. We fear that Team Anna's visit might give rise to a potentially dangerous situation,\" said founder of NEFOMA, Devender Kumar.Buyers fear that such a step by Team Anna might further politicize the land issue in Noida Extension and delay construction work. They presented a memorandum of their demands to Team Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409425", "title": "Man shot over \u2018blaring music\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chaos prevailed in Jehangirpuri, northwest Delhi on Saturday night after two groups clashed and gunshots were fired after some people objected to loud music being played in a pre-wedding bash. One person died and two others were critically injured in the altercation.The deceased, Sajan (26), was a resident of H block and his father, Dilshad (50), has been injured in the incident. Prime accused, Sahibul (25) was nabbed along with his accomplices, Kochi and Haibul. Sahibul also sustained bullet injuries and will be taken into custody once he is discharged from the hospital. Police suspect that few more people might also be involved.Sajid, the groom, had thrown a pre-wedding bash for his friends and neighbours on Saturday. DJ was playing blaring music till around 12am. The accused entered the party and ordered the music to be stopped. The argument turned violent, and Sahibul and his friends took out their guns and opened fire.One of the bullets hit Sajan and the other hit his father, police said. Personal enmity is suspected behind the incident, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gancim (batim)", "code": "12408755", "title": "Mystic claims that Mary appeared at Batim apparition", "text": "GANCIM (BATIM): Hundreds of faithful from different parts of Goa and a few from abroad flocked to Gancim hill and spent several hours in prayer and penance in the church and compound of St Simon and St Jude.The secluded church premises was buzzing with activity on Sunday, as the pilgrims had gathered there after receiving news that Mary, whom Christians venerate as the mother of God would appear to some on the hill on March 25, 2012.Gancim hill has turned into a pilgrimage place for many after Iveta Fernandes had claimed of witnessing a Marian apparition here on September 24, 1994. Though this Marian apparition has no Episcopal approval, the church has also not raised any issue about the gathering of people at the site for expression of their faith. The prayers began at noon and Iveta was present throughout the session, which lasted for almost four hours. \"We were informed about a month back that Mother Mary had given a message to Iveta that she would bless everyone who gathers at Gancim on March 25, 2012,\" said Fr Michael Fernandes, parish priest of Our Lady of Guadalupe church, Batim.The prayers commenced with a 'Way of the Cross' at 12.30pm from Maina. The pilgrims trudged up the hill on a pilgrimage, pondering over Christ's suffering and death. Other pilgrims also reached the place and kept pouring in till almost 3pm. After reaching, they assembled in the small chapel, but most of them spilled out in the open, braving the intense heat while some stood in the shade of trees in the chapel compound. The parish priest then led the prayer session, including adoration of the Blessed Sacrament as the large gathering comprising men, women , youth and children participated, paying no heed to the blazing sun. The scene later shifted to the chapel compound for recitation of the prayer of Divine Mercy and sorrowful mysteries of the rosary at 3pm. Iveta, who was accompanied by her husband Felix, was escorted into an enclosure around a cross that was erected at the site of the first apparition.As Gomes and her husband knelt before the cross facing the overhead sun, hundreds of others also joined them in prayer. The pilgrims meditated over Christ's sufferings and many cried and wept. Occasionally, some pilgrims looked up towards the sun, hoping to see a Marian apparition.Iveta, who spoke after rosary, said that during the third mystery, Mother Mary had told her that she had blessed everyone who had gathered at Gancim. \"She appeared only to her, but there were no other claims,\" a source said. The pilgrims started to disperse while only a few remained behind for the Eucharistic service in Gancim church at 4pm.Sources said that Iveta has received another message that Mother Mary will again bless the faithful on the feast day of Divine Mercy on April 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410080", "title": "At a higher cost", "text": "The six new All India Institutes of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), being established by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, government of India, under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna, will admit students for its MBBS course on a higher fee as compared to AIIMS, Delhi.The ministry has already finalised the fee structure for the six new centres to be set up at Bhopal, Patna, Jodhpur, Rishikesh, Raipur and Bhubaneswar, respectively. Apart from registration fees and caution money, fees across other heads like tuition fees, hostel fees, etc, have been increased.While the annual fee in AIIMS, Delhi is Rs 970, students studying at the new AIIMS will have to shell out Rs 4,228 for the same.According to Rani Kumar, dean, AIIMS, Delhi , the increase in the fees at all the new institutes is a reasonable increase.She says, \"AIIMS, Delhi is offering education to students since the last 56 years without having increased a single rupee. Ideally, the administration should have reviewed the fees every five years, which has not happened . Now, if the fee is suddenly increased at AIIMS, Delhi, there will be opposition from students. Hence, while the fee structure here remains the same, fees in the new institutes are higher.\"The academic session at these centres will begin from August. All admission-related work has been completed at the new centres and admission forms will be available till April 2. The entrance examination will be conducted by AIIMS, Delhi at 17 centres across the country on June 2. Candidates who want to be considered for admission to any of these six institutions apart from AIIMS, Delhi should indicate their preference in the application itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12414152", "title": "16 arrested for illegal mining in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police have arrested 16 people for illegal iron ore mining. Six persons were arrested at Morlem village, 40 km from Panaji, on Saturday, and 12 more were arrested yesterday.Police Inspector Siddhanth Shirodkar said the ore was stored at Cotombi, a village on the banks of Mandovi river, from where it was exported by ships.Officials said the plot where the iron ore was being mined illegally had been given to the some locals after their villages got inundated in floods. Kamlesh Bandekar, an activist of Bharat Swabhiman Trust of Baba Ramdev, had complained to the police in this regard.Several trucks ferrying the ore, driven by migrants from Jharkhand and Bihar, were confiscated during the police action. The plot owner too was arrested, police said. Leader of Opposition Pratapsingh Rane, who represents the area in the Assembly, demanded in the house today that the company which bought this ore needed to be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408372", "title": "Malad woman takes on insurance firm, gets Rs 5.5 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ordered New India Assurance Co Ltd to pay Rs 3 lakh to a Malad resident, 14 years after she underwent a bypass surgery and the company repudiated her claim. The insurance company will also pay the victim, Rama Shetty, a reimbursement amount of Rs 2.56 lakh.Shetty said she developed chest pains for the first time in November 1998 and on the family doctor's advice, she was referred to an expert for examination. On November 16, 1998, she underwent a coronary angiography. She contended that she had subscribed to a mediclaim policy jointly with her husband and the sum assured was Rs 3 lakh.On December 7, 1998, Shetty was hospitalized and underwent a coronary bypass surgery to remove a clot. She was discharged on December 18, 1998, and later filed a claim for reimbursement of hospital expenses amounting to Rs 2.56 lakh.The insurance company repudiated the claim on the grounds that Shetty had a pre-existing disease for two years prior to hospitalization. This repudiation, they said, was based on the expert opinion of the panel doctor of the insurance company. Shetty then filed a compliant in the forum.The insurance firm denied the contention by filing an affidavit of evidence and relied on medical summary obtained through its investigator. The company reiterated that the repudiation is justified as the panel doctor's opinion is on record to show that Shetty had pre-existing chest pain. The forum, in its order, said that the insurance company remained absent at the time of hearing and the order was passed in its absence.Shetty, however, told the forum that when she underwent a medical examination on December 2, 1997, no abnormality was noticed with respect to chest pain.The forum stated that the insurance company had not filed the documentary evidence, including the report of the panel doctor as required under a section of the Consumer Protection Act. \"Therefore, the decision of repudiating the claim based on these experts' opinion cannot be taken as validly acted upon,\" the forum held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12408787", "title": "Every evening, Ponda cops defy Bombay High Court orders", "text": "PONDA: Despite a clear-cut verdict of the Bombay High Court regarding implementing restrictions on mining traffic in busy areas, the court order was found being violated along the Usgao-Dharbandora stretch.In a writ petition, the court had directed the authorities that no mining traffic would be allowed on the road from 6pm to 8am the next morning and from 1pm to 2pm. However, mining trucks were still found recklessly plying on Usgao's roads. Observers found many trucks overtaking, and their drivers cocked a snook at keeping a safe distance between two vehicles, as directed by the Court.The authorities apparently have yet to learn from the March 5 tragedy which accounted for three lives including that of a 15-year old girl at Usgao, as blatant violations of the high court order continue unabated. When the media camped at Usgao (where the fateful accident took place on a road highly prone to accidents) to get first-hand information on the happenings in the mining corridor, the findings were shocking and perhaps it would take another major mishap for the authorities to wake up from their slumber and act against erring truckers.Interestingly, the single police personnel deputed to keep a watch on possible movement of trucks, stops working after 6pm. However, the trucks were seen plying at breakneck speeds as there were no sufficient cops deployed to regulate the traffic.About 2,000 trucks ply from various mines through the Usgao-Palwada road stretch every day. Following the March 5 accident, the authorities had assured the villagers that they'd erect speed breakers and permanent road dividers to streamline the traffic. However, nearly a month after the accident, authorities are yet to begin with the work. Instead, a few plastic cones had been put up at the site.Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes said the works of erecting the road dividers and other corrective measures will commence from April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12401299", "title": "Rajat, Vivaan to share screen space with pig!", "text": "Rajat Bharmecha who won raves for himself for his performance as an abused son in Vikramaditya Motwane's \" Udaan\" will now get together with Naseeruddin Shah's younger son Vivaan for a buddy flick called \" Disco Valley\" that its makers describe as \"Dil Chahta Hai\" meets \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\" meets \"American Pie\" meets \"Hangover\".The film will have the usual 3-buddies-on-road-trip format. While Farhan, Hrithik and Abhay went to Spain, Rajat and Vivaan and their friend will be taking off to funky Fiji for a fun-filled fiesta .Oh, and didn't we tell you? Rajat and Vivaan's third collaborator in the Fijian fun-fest is a pig!The specially trained pig in \"Disco Valley\" would not only share screen space with the two young actors, the animal would also be part of all the masti that would unfold on screen.Confirming that a pig would be the third lead in \"Disco Valley\",producer Siddharth Jain of \"I Rock\" said, \"We are flying down a specially-trained pig from Australia to join the other two actors in the film in Fiji. The pig would as central to the comedy as the human characters.\"This kinky film will be directed by Sajit Warrier who directed an unreleased thriller \"Fired\" in 2010 with Rahul Bose in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408333", "title": "Cops seek sim details from telecos", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police investigating the 2,500 illegal sim cards case are awaiting reply from service providers about 1,000 mobile phone numbers that they fear are already in circulation.On March 12, a team of Vastrapur cops caught three youths selling SIM cards without any identity documents near Himalaya Mall and seized 100 sim cards. Ravindra Panchal emerged as supplier of the sim cards and was arrested. While searching his shop in Chandlodia, cops found 2,500 sim cards.Such a huge stock of pre-activated sim cards worried police as it could have been used for anti-social or terror activities. The state intelligence bureau (IB) also joined in the investigation.Police had earlier found that the sim cards were procured on the name of customers from the database of telecom companies and were activated by Panchal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12409887", "title": "Gilani wants N-tech to match India", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan PM Yousaf Raza Gilani on Sunday said that his country needs civil nuclear technology to meet its energy requirements besides maintaining balance with India in the region.\"Pakistan needs civil nuclear technology and wants to obtain it. The technology is important for Pakistan to maintain balance with India and to promote regional stability,\" Gilani said before departing for Seoul to attend a 53-nation nuclear security summit. \"If we don't have balance with India, there will be lack of stability in the area.''A Pakistani parliamentary committee on national security report had made a similar demand recently. \"The US-Indo civil nuclear agreement has altered the security balance in the region. Therefore, Pakistan should seek similar treatment.\" Gilani said he would meet US president Barack Obama and discuss the Afghan situation with him at the summit. Foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar and Pakistan's ambassador to US Sherry Rehman are accompanying Gilani.Jindal, who in the initial phase of the primaries had endorsed Texas governor Rick Perry did not support any of the candidates so far. Perry has withdrawn from the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407662", "title": "GoAir to take off again from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: After a gap of four years, low-fare airline GoAir is planning to restart its services in the city from the end of next month or early May. The airline had wound up its operations here in 2008.The move is part of the airline's strategy to tap a growing domestic market in Chennai and Hyderabad, the two metros where they didn't have a presence for a while. It is also trying to cash in on the slots vacated by Kingfisher airlines, which is now operating a truncated schedule.GoAir will start services to Mumbai, Port Blair and Pune from Chennai. Six services will be operated using an aircraft that will be parked overnight at the airport here.\"GoAir officials have started a feasibility study to the gauge the market. They are looking at the number of passengers and business on the routes they plan to fly. The airline has also asked for a bay to park an aircraft overnight to operate early morning service from the city,\" airport sources said.Airport director E P Hareendranathan said \"GoAir is planning to tap the growing domestic air traffic in Chennai. The market is good and there is scope for more domestic flights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413387", "title": "Assam police on high alert on Ulfa raising day", "text": "GUWAHATI, A high alert has been sounded in Assam in view of the banned Ulfa's foundation day on April 7.\"A high alert has been sounded to thwart possible attacks by the Ulfa in the run up to the foundation day\", the police said here today.Security has been tightened throughout the state, particulary vulnerable Ulfa-dominated areas of upper Assam and lower Assam's Dhubri district and entry and exit points of important towns have been sealed, they said.The police said that as per intelligence inputs, the Ulfa cadres were planning to indulge in subversive activities prior to the foundation day to make its presence felt.The oufit has also embarked on a \"massive recruitment\" drive and some of them are on way to the state after receving arms training in Myanmar , the police said.There are also reports of the ultras planning attacks on informers of police for which extra precaution has been taken.State police DGP Jayanta Narayan Choudhury has appealed to the people to inform the authorities about any extortion threats and said growing opposition to the outfit by the common man was a \"positive trend\".Incidentally, Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh is scheduled to visit Guwahati on April seven to inaugurate the platinum jubilee celebration of the state Assembly.The ULFA was formed on April seven 1989 in Ronghar in Sibsagar district of Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409709", "title": "Archo fest leaves memories to cherish", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A unique feature of this years Archo fest of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) has been the unique themes attached with all the events. The theme for dramatics event was innovative ways of presenting fairy tales. The four teams were given a fairy tale each, which they had to present in an innovative way, using props and musical instruments. The dance teams had their theme as tapori style. On the second last day of the 19-day-long cultural fest, the campus was abuzz with preparations of the much awaited cultural night, which started at 6:30pm.I am glad to be associated with Archo as it was an extremely enjoyable experience, said Disha Grover, vice-president of the student body. Raman Sharma, a BArch student said,We clicked many pictures to keep the memories intact with us .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12407762", "title": "College courtroom shows mercy to bereaved man", "text": "CHENNAI:In a rare gesture, two judges of the Madras high court constituted a division bench at the Pachaiyappa's College - where they were overseeing an ongoing examination for civil judges - and passed an order permitting a Goondas Act detenue to attend his father's funeral on Sunday.Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice D Hariparanthaman converted the college principal's room into a constitutional court and heard the matter for more than 30 minutes before permitting Palani alias Prabakaran to attend his father Chandrasekaran's funeral at Vyasarpadi on Sunday evening.He shall be taken to his home with escort and brought back to the prison by 9pm after completing the funeral rites, the judges said. The case is special for more than one reason. Prabakaran was detained under Goondas Act on February 23, on the ground that he had three cases against him in the Vyasarpadi police. The matter has now been referred to the statutory advisory board.On Saturday, Chandrasekaran committed self-immolation after a quarrel at home. Advocate P Vijendran informed the jail authorities and requested them to invoke the parole power vested with them by Section 15 of the Act. The authorities, however, rejected the plea.Since no habeas corpus petition had been filed against the detention of Prabakaran, advocates and his relatives were in a quandary as there was no other way to get him out of the jail to attend the funeral rites of his father.Vijendran went to Justice K Mohan Ram's home at 8pm on Saturday requesting his intervention in his capacity as the portfolio judge. Since the portfolio judge could not take up a case at residence without the permission of the chief justice, the advocate then went to the chief justice's residence, only to be informed that the chief as well as Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, who is the second seniormost judge in the high court, were not available.Vijendran then approached Justice D Murugesan, who is third in seniority list, at 10pm. He again met the judge at 7.30am on Sunday, and was told that the registry officials had been directed to number the matter and post it before Justice Mohan Ram. As the written examination for selection of 185 civil judges in the state was going on at Pachaiyappa's College on Sunday, Justice Mohan Ram was overseeing the exercise there.Once Vijendran reached the college, Justice Mohan Ram and Justice Hariparanthaman constituted a division bench and heard the plight of Prabakaran. \"This is a fine example of timely judicial intervention. Unmindful of the procedural requirements, the judges came to the rescue of a detainee who lost his father,\" said Vijendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12410145", "title": "Another leopard attack, 7-year-old boy killed", "text": "RAJKOT: A seven-year-old boy was killed by a wild cat at Savani village of Veraval taluka of Junagadh on Saturday night. This was fourth incident of a human falling prey to a leopard in the last two months in this district. In the past one week alone, three children have been killed by a leopard in Veraval. However, forest department officials are not sure if the victims had been mauled by a man-eater on the prowl or were killed by different leopards in the area that is their habitat.The deceased has been identified as Kano Dalsukhbhai, son of migrant workers.Aradhana Sahu, deputy conservator of forests, (Junagadh), said the incident occurred on Saturday night when Kano was asleep with his family. \"His body was found from a nearby sugarcane farm. We have placed cages to nab the leopard,'' she said.\"Labourers are vulnerable to leopard attack because they sleep in the open. Besides, most of the migrant labourers eat non-vegetarian food and it too attracts leopard in the area,\" she added.Forest officials said labour department should force contractors to provide safe shelters to the migrant workers. It is estimated that there are over 3,000 migrant workers in and around Veraval taluka. Most of them work in sugarcane fields.Earlier on Wednesday, a leopard had killed an eight-year-old boy in Savani village. Eight-year-old Asmita Bharad was killed by a leopard in Inaj village, some 2 km away from Savani village, on Tuesday night. They, too, were children of migrant workers hailing from Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12410224", "title": "Tribute paid to martyrs", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Nationalism has not died down in the Naxalite-hit Palamu district. A three-day Shahadat Diwas-cum-Akhil Bharatiya Sanskrit Samaroh began here on Friday where children rubbed shoulders with elders and promised to protect the ideals of martyrs Bhagat singh , Sukhdev and Rajguru.Organizing committee member Arun Shukla said the 81st Martyr's Day was observed here in all solemnity to inculcate a feeling of patriotism in the youth. The youngsters, these days, are enthusiastic about cricket but lack knowledge about the nation's freedom movement. Shukla, a noted orthopedic surgeon, believes that Indian culture and ethos is facing resistance from crass commercialism. \"The martyrdom celebration reminds us of our glorious past,\" said Shukla. Cultural troupes from Punjab, Indore and Assam will also perform on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412342", "title": "Arulnithi's a busy bee", "text": "Riding high on the success of his last movie, Mouna Guru, Arulnithi is gearing up for his next as well as scouting for good projects.The actor who started his K-wood career with the much appreciated Vamsam, then went on to do Udhayam which didn't really fare well at the BO. His next, however, put him back on the circuit bringing him appreciation and tons of scripts as well. \"Mouna Guru was a really different film and it helped me get a lot of recognition with regard to my acting,\" says Arulnithi.The actor is in discussion with his brother's production house for his next and hopes to bag a plum role in it which has a new director, Ganesh. He has also been working out quite a bit, we hear. Quiz him on whether he's trying to get a new look and he questions back, \"Why? Don't I look okay now?\" grins Arulnithi.\"I am just trying to tone my body and get rid of all that fat! I've regained my colour and I feel great!\" says Arul. The actor doesn't believe in changing his look until the director calls for it. \"I'd change myself physically to fit into any kind of character the director demands,\" says he.Currently, the actor is gearing up for Karu Pazhaniappan's Asokamitran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12413646", "title": "Contempt case: 'Pak PM to quit if SC decision is unfavourable'", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Facing immense pressure to reopen graft cases against the President, Pakistan's embattled Premier Yousuf Raza Gilani has decided to quit if an \"unfavourable decision\" is made by the Supreme Court in the contempt case against him, a media report said on Monday.Gilani made up his mind after consulting the leadership of the Pakistan People's Party and its allies in the ruling coalition, the Daily Times newspaper quoted its sources in the PPP as saying.The PPP's leadership decided that Gilani would tender his resignation before the Supreme Court in person if he faced any \"situation\" in the contempt case.The premier will tell the court about the government's Constitutional stance on the issue of presidential immunity.Gilani assured the PPP's top leadership that he was ready to quit as chief executive of the country but would not take any step that violated his loyalty to the party and its leaders.The report quoted Gilani as telling PPP leaders that he was a \"man of loyalty and prestige,\" and that he would personally appear in the apex court and offer his resignation for \"pre-eminence of the Constitution of Pakistan and continuity of democracy.\"The PPP sources said the party's top leadership has decided to accommodate Gilani's son Moosa Ali Gilani in the federal Cabinet in an upcoming reshuffle in view of the Premier's sacrifices and loyalty.The PPP's leadership has taken its allies, especially Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain and Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi of the PML-Q, Altaf Hussain of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement and Asfandyar Wali Khan of the Awami National Party , into confidence on the Premier's decision, the report said.All of the PPP's allies consented to the decision to avoid friction with the Supreme Court.At the same time, the PPP's partners backed its decision not to approach Swiss authorities to reopen cases of alleged money laundering against President Asif Ali Zardari , saying it would be a violation of the Constitution.The apex court has been pushing the PPP-led government to revive the cases against Zardari since December 2009, when it annulled the National Reconciliation Ordinance, a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .The government has refused to act, saying the Constitution gives the President immunity in Pakistan and abroad.Gilani has said he would prefer to be jailed in a contempt case launched against him by the apex court for not reopening the graft cases.However, the PPP's allies have suggested the ruling party should avoid friction with the apex court, arguing it could provide ammunition to the government's opponents, the report said.The PPP and its partners expressed their belief in supremacy of Parliament on constitutional issues and asserted that any President would have constitutional immunity and that Parliament was the only forum to address this issue.They said that since President Zardari had clear immunity under the Constitution, writing a letter to Swiss authorities to reopen the cases would be a violation of the Constitution.The Daily Times further quoted its sources as saying that Zardari was happy with the performance and loyalty of Gilani.Zardari also agreed to adjust the Premier's son in the Cabinet.Gilani's son was recently elected a member of the National Assembly in bye-polls in Multan on the seat that was vacated by former Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412296", "title": "For a greater experience", "text": "Instead of looking at American colleges and universities in isolation, Indian students can explore the benefits of the consortia of American colleges, says Renuka Raja Rao, country co-ordinator, EducationUSA Advising Services, United States-India Educational Foundation (USIEF)A little known facet of American higher education is the way the consortia of American colleges and universities have cooperated and collaborated to enhance the learning experience, lower costs, increase quality and multiply the options for students enrolled at such institutions. Consortia of colleges and universities have formed their own body, The Association for Consortium Leadership (www.national-acl.com).The Claremont CollegesThe Claremont Colleges (www.claremont.edu) is a group of seven prestigious institutions of higher education in Claremont, California. The consortium includes two graduate schools (Keck Graduate Institute and Claremont Graduate University) and five Liberal Arts Colleges ( Pomona College , Harvey Mudd College , Scripps College, Claremont McKenna College , Pitzer College).The resources that Claremont Colleges offer as a consortium include expensive physical infrastructure resources such as the healthcare system, dining facilities, sports facilities, electronic mail, real estate services and maintenance, telecommunications, physical plant maintenance, among others.Academic resources that are shared include libraries (on its own, each of the members of the consortium could not afford such vast libraries, but together they claim the third position in private library collections and services in California), the Women's Studies Center, Chicano Center, Media Studies, Theater Studies, Asian American Studies, to name a few. The members of the consortium allow cross registration on each other's courses and coordinate them for students.According to Sheldon Schuster, President of Keck Graduate Institute, \"The consortium adds great value to our educational mission. Since we are an interdisciplinary graduate programme that focuses on bioscience as well as business, we can draw guest faculty from Claremont Graduate University's Drucker &amp; Ito School of Management. We can also share our laboratory facilities with undergraduate students at the other Claremont colleges who would not have access to such state-of-the-art equipment at another comparably-sized liberal arts college.\"Claremont McKenna College, Scripps and Pitzer College together offer a single science programme. By pooling their resources, the colleges are able to offer students a vast array of options, unmatched by most liberal arts colleges, and even most large universities.A student enrolled at Scripps, the women's college could therefore take engineering classes offered at Harvey Mudd College, or a student of Pomona could be taking classes at Claremont McKenna College, while yet others could be working with professors and faculty at the grad schools of Keck and Claremont Grad UniversityAthletics is another area that benefits from the consortium. Teams from Harvey Mudd College, Claremont McKenna and Scripps compete as one team, while in hockey, lacrosse and rugby, various members of the consortium compete in cooperation.Also, the fact that the college campuses practically abut each other makes it easier for students to go from one campus to the other, and adds to the sense of belonging to a single system. Apart from common resources, students are able to enjoy and take part in social, cultural and entertainment events at member campuses. This can be a huge draw for students who imagine that they are going to be isolated on a liberal arts campus, or at a single-sex college.As Jenny Darroch, Associate Professor of Marketing and MBA Academic Director, The Peter F Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management, Claremont, points out, \"By joining the Claremont Colleges community, you have access to a wide range of courses from one of the seven colleges in our consortium and therefore have the opportunity to mix with a diverse student body. For example, a student at Keck Graduate Institute might come to the Drucker School of Management and take courses in marketing strategy, connective leadership or real options theory alongside students specialising in marketing, leadership, finance, politics and economics, religion or arts management. This makes for a rich learning environment. As a professor, I find it stimulating to work with such a heterogeneous student population and engage students from a range of backgrounds and with different experiences and points of view. Classroom discussions are fascinating and I am never quite sure quite how the conversation will evolve. The Claremont Colleges are a very unique and special place.\"Five Colleges Consortium", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12408377", "title": "NRG netas of US", "text": "Indians seem to be gaining clout in US politics with over 50 Indian Americans contesting elections this year. From only two names - Bobby Jindal and Nikki Haley - in the early 2000s to at least 12 candidates winning various elections in 2010, Indian Americans have a marked presence today on the national and local political arena of the US.Ahmedabad's Niranjan Patel is all set to contest for state elections in 2014. \"The name Barack Hussein Obama inspired a lot of us and it made us feel that we could also contest,\" he said. Patel had also contested for Ohio state senate elections in 2010 in which he got 33% votes; it was his first electoral run.Gujaratis in the US, who so far kept a low profile despite being powerful fund-raisers for politicians, have started contesting polls. \"The secondgeneration Indian Americans have the luxury to pursue and participate in politics,\" said Vivek Bavda, an attorney in Chicago and a resident of Mundelein. He is the third candidate seeking the Democratic nomination for the revamped 10th Congressional district seat in the November 2012 general election.Sanjay Puri, the chairman and founder of the US India Political Action Committee (USINPAC), said, \"There is a strong rise in the number of Indian Americans joining politics, mainly from second generation of Indian American families.\" He said that currently two Indian Americans were serving as governors. \"Several members of the state assemblies as well as local political leaders are Indian Americans. And the number is growing,\" he said.A l a r g e number of Indian Americans are now contesting elections with the support of community networks across the US, which provide necessary infrastructure to run elect i o n campaigns. USINPAC, o n e such network, is a 10-year-old bipartisan political action committee that serves as a catalyst for the entry of Indian Americans into the political process.Chandu Patel, the chairman of National Federations of Indian-American Associations (NFIA), said: \"We provide bipartisan support to candidates for federal, state and local office and this time, the network has a long list of 33 candidates running for various elections in 2012.\"Recently, 29-year-old Ohio state representative Jay Goyal was honoured for being among the '40-Under 40' rising political leaders by a leading magazine. Also on that list were Republican governor Bobby Jindal, 39, of Louisiana; and Nikki Haley, 38, South Carolina's first South Asian and first woman governor. The new names added to the lengthy list of Indian American House contenders are Amerish Bera, a physician and medical school administrator whose California district includes Sacramento . Others are lawyer and state Representative Raj Goyle, of Wichita, Kansas; and attorney Ravi Sangisetty (28) of Houma, Louisiana, whose rural district takes in 13 south-eastern parishes. And the list goes on. Gujarati-origin Manan Trivedi, 36, a doctor, is the Democratic candidate for the 6th Congressional district of Pennsylvania. These candidates co-ordinate across parties to jointly shape policies that affect the Indian American community and the US-India relations.Expats taking poll positions Currently, of the three candidates running for US Congress seats - Dr Ami Bera , Manan Trivedi and Raja Krishnamoorthi - Bera and Trivedi are of Gujarat-origin. Niranjan Patel (Democrat), who was a candidate for the House of Representatives from Ohio's 12th district in 2010, is to again run for the same seat in 2014. \"Indians in the US are following the example of Jewish community's co-ordination methods,\" he said. \"They have also learnt to affirm their political connections, and thus are coming out more freely to contest elections than before.\" Ashvin Lad (Republican) ran for the US House of Representatives from Illinois's 5th district in 2010. \"Running a campaign for a fresh candidate can be daunting at times but with community support, many like me are gearing up,\" he said. Manan Trivedi is a physician and war veteran who is the Democratic candidate for Pennsylvania's 6th congressional district. \"I am running a strong local campaign,\" he said. \"USINPAC is an important ally in my campaign for the Congress as it gives me the ability to generate a national reach across the Indian American community.\" Tony Patel, an architect, is the Republican candidate running for State House of Representatives, district 47, Georgia. \"I entered politics as I felt the need to give the Indian American community a unified voice in our political process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12408033", "title": "Prayers disrupted in Ahmediya mosque", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at an Ahmediya mosque in Saidabad when a group of people belonging to a dominant sect of a community tried to disrupt afternoon prayers on Sunday.At about 2.30 pm, about 200 activists belonging to Majlis Tahaffuz Khatm-e-Nubuwwat group led by their city leader Mohammed Ali Ansar Khatim went to Masjid-ul- Hamd Ahmadiyya mosque in Saidabad and asked the faithful to stop prayers, the Saidabad police said. Nearly 500 Ahmadis were inside the mosque celebrating their sect's formation day.\"The miscreants abused the people saying that they were not Muslims and told them to immediately stop the prayers. After that, they staged a rasta roko in front of the mosque,\" Saidabad inspector K Narsing Yadaiah informed.Some miscreants even hurled stones at the mosque, but police claimed no one suffered any injuries. A special police team was rushed to the spot. The mob was quickly dispersed by the police and the Ahmadis were escorted out of the place. \"We will register cases under the relevant sections of the law,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12410103", "title": "Students\u2019 demands", "text": "Delhi University Students Union (DUSU) has sent a seven-point memorandum to Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor , DU, after receiving a number of complaints from students . It also organised a protest march on the campus to highlight the issues.The demands of the DUSU include regulating the fee hike in examinations and in hostels, setting up of an enquiry committee into fake admissions, creating a 24-hour open reading room, regulating rickshaw fares and traffic on campus and ensuring that the railway reservation counter caters exclusively to students.According to Ajay Chhikara, president, DUSU, they had been receiving repeated complaints from students on the above issues. \"Also, the re-evaluation fee was recently increased from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000,\" says Chhikara. He adds, \"Besides, many outstation womenstudents had complained of misbehaviour and of increased charges at the university's railway reservation counter. The university must take steps to make the counter safe, viable and student-friendly . Also, they can keep 24x7 security guards at the counter or install CCTV cameras for surveillance.\"Student-leaders claim that there are other pending issues like the demand for creation of a 24-hour reading room for students, which was abandoned three years ago. Regarding the fluctuating rickshaw fares and the traffic congestion , earlier measures like e-rickshaws that used to run on a fixed price are being seen as viable alternatives.As per Chhikara, the memorandum has been submitted to the proctor as well as the vice-chancellor of DU.Usha Rao, proctor, DU says, \"I have just received the letter. I need some time to look into the issues and verify the complaints. I will speak to the students union about their issues and also discuss possible solutions. The problem of rickshaw fares and unnecessary traffic on campus are issues that need to be addressed . I think we will go green soon and will just have cycles plying on campus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409083", "title": "Women learn vital moves in self-defence session", "text": "GURGAON: Around 100 women were took part in a self-defence session organized by the Times of India at Epicentre on Sunday evening. From teenagers to 50 plus women, participants came from different age groups and they were given quick tips on some basic karate moves, which are easy to learn but highly effective when it comes to dealing with any untoward situation and ward off a potential attacker.The instructor, Rahul Agarwal, management consultant and karate expert, did a commendable job in the one and half hour long session. Agarwal said that more and more women should come forward and learn the self-defence techniques which are very critical in today's time. \"It is important to be fully prepared to deal with situations like these,\" he added.During the session, Agarwal explained to the women how to remain confident, how to turn things in their favour and the various do's and don'ts in the face of adversity.The need to think clearly, breathe deeply, to be able to yell as loudly as possible, when to run and if that is not possible, how to fight - these were some of the things that the group of women were taught.\"Everyone got a chance to practice some of the moves on a punchboard, and this definitely made the session worthwhile,\" said one of the participants in the programme. \"It is definitely something that every female can benefit from learning and it will help them in difficult times,\" said Odette Katrak, a participant. Sandhya Gambir, another participant, said that the session was quite informative and hoped that it could be taught in schools and colleges to build up a young girl's morale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409918", "title": "Asia MotorWorks Limited plans to set up state of art workshop", "text": "BHOPAL: India's third largest and one of the Asia's fastest growing heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) manufacturer, Asia MotorWorks Limited (AMW) opened their new city marketing office here and also plans to set up a full-fledged state of the art workshop at Mandieep in the next couple of months.According to Gagan Gupta, managing director of Ananya Automobile Private Limited, AMW's authorised dealer in Bhopal , currently AMW has more than 30 per cent market share in 10 wheeler tipper segments and he expects to double the volume in next fiscal.The marketing office was inaugurated by Neeraj Sabhlok, regional manager (central).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "haripal (hooghly)", "code": "12407703", "title": "TMC rebels attack Bengal tourism minister's car", "text": "HARIPAL (HOOGHLY): State tourism minister Rachpal Singh's car was attacked and damaged at Kinkarbati Krishi Vidyalaya ground, allegedly by Trinamool Congress supporters.Singh had a narrow escape after police intervened and escorted the minister to safety. The incident left 12 Trinamool Congress supporters injured. Eight of them had to be hospitalized later.The incident took place at a Trinamool Panchayati Raj Sammelan. Becharam Manna, Haripal MLA and Tapan Dasgupta, Trinamool's Hooghly president and MLA, were on the dais when a group of over 1000 party workers with Trinamool badges and flags forced their way in to the meeting with slogans that genuine delegates were left out of the meet. The protesters were reportedly led by a local Trinamool leader Muzaffar Ali and their target was the meeting's convener Safiul Islam. This led to sporadic clashes.Rachpal's convoy arrived there around the same time and got stuck in the melee. The protesters also trained guns at him and alleged that people like him and others have been made ministers and true Trinamool workers were left out. The mob attacked the car with stones and lathis and smashed its rear windshield. Later police reached the spot and escorted the minister to safety. Infighting ripples were also felt later in the evening, when some Trinamool activists reportedly damaged their own party offices.\"It is difficult to find the culprits since there were many people. Timely intervention from the police averted major consequences. Many people have joined Trinamool these days and the clashes are fallout of this. The party will deal with it,\" Singh said. According to Dasgupta, some CPM men in touch with TMC people are behind this. \"Indiscipline in the ranks will not be tolerated and action will be taken,\" he said.Meanwhile, minister Partha Chatterjee said his party has no links to Muzaffar and his men.Among 12 injured, eight were admitted to the Haripal Rural Health Centre. Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said, \"Due to the presence of a large number of people there were reports of clashes which, though, didn't last long.\" Locals refused to speak on the matter.Most of the Kinkarbati locals claimed that they had rushed to their homes when the trouble broke out.Only a day before, another clash - due to reported internal feud - in Bhadreswar left four Trinamool workers injured. The incident took place after a Trinamool councillor at Bhadreswar Municipality M P Singh moved a no-confidence motion against municipality chairman and a member of his own party Deepak Chakraborty. Chakraborty's supporters attacked Singh's men after the latter claimed that they had won the no-confidence vote. Later, Hooghly district magistrate Sripriya Rangarajan ordered that Chakraborty would continue as the municipality chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "12408848", "title": "Quran in hand, Sanskrit on lips", "text": "BASIRHAT: Abdul Pandit. The name sounds strange, doesn't it? But in the areas near Makhalgacha, off Taki Road, around 80km from Kolkata, no one raises an eyebrow if you ask for him. For, he is a celebrity here, a pioneer of sorts - a devout Muslim whose life revolves around learning and teaching Sanskrit.Swerving off Taki Road near the Makhalgacha panchayat office, the road turns into a narrow brick-laden lane that is certainly not for cars. A bumpy ride leads to the otherwise sleepy village of Dhalipara, where Abdul Pandit runs his 'tol', Panini Lokobhasha Prachar Niketan. It turns out to be a small open air school with around 30 students chorusing away in earnest with their teacher.The journey wasn't a cakewalk for Abdul Mannan Gazi, 35, or Abdul Pandit as he's better known as. He had stunned his teachers at Kumarpukur High School when he had opted to learn Sanskrit in Class VII. He was the first Muslim student to do so.\"There was a lot of resistance at home and in my village. They thought I was mad,\" laughs Abdul. \"I was even punished and counselled. But I stuck to my ground that since Sanskrit is the source of all Indian languages, I have to study Sanskrit if I have to learn my mother tongue Bengali properly,\" he adds with a smile. Abdul is otherwise a devout Muslim and follows the Holy Quran to the hilt.His perseverance paid off and the assistant headmaster of his school, Balaram De, who taught Sanskrit, took Abdul under his wings. \"Sadly, most people associate Sanskrit with Hinduism because the ancient religious Hindu scriptures are written in Sanskrit. What they miss is that the Vedantas and other Sanskrit literature are great scholarly works of our country,\" Abdul points out.When he took admission in Plus-Two at Taki Government College, Abdul was again the first Muslim student to opt for Sanskrit as a subject. The trend continued as he went on to do the undergraduate course in the same college. Since the college did not have a Sanskrit honours department at the time, Abdul enrolled as a special honours student at Burdwan University after graduation. By now, he was in touch with the top Sanskrit teachers in several colleges and universities.\"He came from a humble background and could not afford books, reference materials and private tuitions. Yet his zeal to acquire knowledge in both Sanskrit Vyakaran (grammar) and Sahitya (literature) was so great that many of us were inspired to help him,\" reminisces Tanmoy Bhattacharya, a senior professor at Sanskrit College.It is with the help of these guides that Abdul finally registered himself at the Rashtriya Sanskrit Sansthan -- a central university for Sanskrit in Delhi - as a student of Nyay Darshan. Needless to say that he earned a first class MA degree. The Sansthan has also hand-picked him for its mission to revive Sanskrit by setting up the Panini Lokobhasha Prachar Niketan. These are non-formal Sanskrit centres in villages, funded by the ministry of human resources development and affiliated to the Sansthan, to teach schoolchildren and other interested people the levels of Pratham and Dwitiya Deekshas - or elementary and functional knowledge of Sanskrit.Today, Abdul finds support in Muslim intellectuals like Atiya Mustaque. \"Islam encourages the study of languages. I am happy that Abdul is trying to revive Sanskrit,\" she said.In fact, what is most interesting is the fact that most of Abdul Pandit's students are Muslims. \"Initially we were hesitant but Abdul Mian made us realize that if our children opt for Sanskrit as their additional subject and can get additional coaching in his centre free of cost, they can score high in both Madhyamik and Higher Secondary. So we agreed,\" smiled one of the guardians. Everyone else, who bring their children to Abdul Pandit's evening classes, agreed.Abdul teaches them not only how to read and write Sanskrit, but also how to speak in Sanskrit. \"You cannot be a scholar of Sanskrit unless you learn to hear and speak the language. It is traditionally learnt through shruti,\" he explained. So you hear 14-year-old Yasmina Khatoun, a Class IX student, rattling off: \"Mamah namah Yasmina Khatoun, mamah pitu namah Illahi Bux Gazi, mamah matu namah Fatema Bibi ...\"Unusual as the words may sound to the average ear, what surely cannot be missed is the spirit of communal harmony that silently prevails in this obscure corner of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12412737", "title": "Emraan Hashmi shoots inside Tihar jail", "text": "To add authenticity to his film Jannat 2, the makers shot a scene inside the prison.Emraan Hashmi's Jannat 2 deals with the issue of illegal arms-trading and is primarily set in Delhi. The makers seem to have left no stone unturned to add a realistic touch to their film. So when the script demanded a jail sequence, they actually took efforts to shoot inside the Tihar jail.Director Kunal Deshmukh got permission to shoot within the jail premises but only for three hours. \"They took a limited team inside so that they could wrap up the work fast\", says a unit-hand. \"And when they needed some junior artists at the last moment, the jail security people were only glad to be a part of the scene\".Apparently actor Emraan Hashmi who plays the male lead of the film is so happy with the cooperation of the jail authorities that he is also planning a special screening for them close to the release of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12410261", "title": "BCCI raises match hope in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A top functionary of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on Sunday said the International Cricket Stadium in Dhurva here could be allotted a few matches in the current season, raising hopes of Mahendra Singh Dhoni's fans to see him play on home turf soon.\"During 2012-13, India is going to play 10 Test matches, five ODI series and four T20 matches and we hope some of the matches will be allotted to this stadium,\" said Suru Nayak, the BCCI manager of cricket operations. However, for a final decision, a team of experts from the BCCI and International Cricket Council (ICC) are likely to visit Ranchi before September.Nayak, who supervised a bowlers' selection camp at the stadium in February, praised the quality of pitch and the dressing room. \"The pitch has been made perfectly to suit fast cricket and one can expect good runs in a match,\" he said adding that not only for ODIs and T20 matches, the stadium can host Test matches as well. The BCCI manager was here to take stock of the infrastructure of the stadium. A report based on the observations is to be submitted to the BCCI. Asked about the probability of IPL matches at the stadium, Nayak said since the IPL season begins on April 4 and he would not comment. \"I am going to submit report to the BCCI which in turn will hold talks with IPL franchisee for the region, Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR). I was told that JSCA officials are in touch with KKR chief Shahrukh Khan .\"JSCA president Amitabh Choudhary said the talks were in progress with the KKR. \"The JSCA is hopeful of bagging at last one match in the coming IPL series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12408804", "title": "Six more held in Morlem illegal mining", "text": "KERI: Valpoi police arrested six more persons in the case of illegal extraction, transportation and stacking of mineral ore at Morlem.On March 24, 12 persons were arrested for extraction of mineral ore and its transportation from Morlem.The extraction commenced on March 23 in the area allotted by the water resources department for rehabilitated families without obtaining permission from the directorate of mines and geology or from any department concerned.Affected villagers along with members of Bharat Swabhiman blocked the trucks involved in transportation of mineral ore and informed the police department to take action.As per the complaint filed by Santosh Joshi and others, Valpoi police arrested 12 persons on Saturday. At 10pm on March 24, the officials of the directorate of mines and geology visited Morlem and inspected the site where excavation and transportation of mineral ore was undertaken.The officials then lodged a complaint regarding illegal extraction of mineral ore at Valpoi police station.Siddhant Shirodkar, the When contacted, the Valpoi PI said, \"Police have carried out investigation and found that 24 trips carrying mineral ore were made and this ore was dumped at Cotombi. We have attached the dumped ore and guards are posted at the site. We have arrested six more persons involved in stacking of mineral ore without obtaining any required permissions.\"Kamlesh Bandekar of Bharat Swabhiman, Bicholim, said, \"There are many persons involved in illegal dumping of mineral ore in Bicholim and Sattari areas. They are illegally purchasing and stacking this ore and exporting it. Goa government should take stringent action against those who are involved in business of illegal mining.\"Shivaji Desai, a social activist and advocate from Valpoi, said, \"Goa government has taken action quickly against the persons involved in illegal mining only because of a vigilant pressure group. Taking advantage of holidays, over the last five years, illegal mining activities were encouraged in Sattari with political backing. Government has to initiate action against illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409496", "title": "Starbus kills Std XII student", "text": "NAGPUR: An aspiring chartered accountant was killed while her friend, riding pillion, is critical after their scooty was dashed by a Starbus on Sunday morning at Maharajbagh Chowk. Tension prevailed at the spot, after agitated mob pelted stones at the bus and damaged it.This is the second accident by Starbus in a fortnight. Earlier this month, starbus had mowed down two near Agyaram Devi Chowk.Poonam Belani and Geeta Nanwani, of Jaripatka, were going to class in Ramdaspeth when the mishap took place. Police said, the rashly driven Starbus, heading towards Hingna, hit their scooty near the traffic signal. Both were riding without helmets.The girls had tried to gesture the bus to slow down but were rammed hard from behind. The two-wheeler was dragged as Poonam failed to avoid the hit. The girls lay on the road for a while before they were rushed to Government Medical College And Hospital. Poonam was soon declared dead while Geeta is stated to be critical.Poonam, elder of two sisters, had just given her Std XII exams. Aggrieved father Sureshkumar said, \"She was studious and wanted to do something in life. She helped the neighbouring students.\"The driver of the bus Anil Bhosekar surrendered at Sitabuldi police station couple of hours after the accident.Vansh Nimay manager Mahesh Khandalkar said that Star Bus generally suspends the drivers involved in accidents and also institute an enquiry against him. \"It was the first run of the day for the bus when the mishap took place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12409082", "title": "STF probing 15 encounters in Gujarat seeks more manpower", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The chairman of the Supreme Court appointed Special Task Force (STF), retired SC judge, justice H S Bedi, has sought for an increase in manpower to the team probing 15 police encounters of Gujarat .Bedi held a meeting on Saturday with the DGP and other senior police officials of Gujarat.At present, five IPS officers are part of the STF, but citing the large number of cases being probed Bedi has asked for four DSPs and eight police inspectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409307", "title": "Education in real earnest at Traffic Park from April 1", "text": "NAGPUR: After a wait of three years, the purpose of starting the Children's Traffic Park at Dharampeth will be finally fulfilled. With accidents on the rise, and increasing cases of rash driving and violation of traffic rules by youngsters, the traffic park operator, traffic police and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have finally decided to act. They will educate schoolchildren and youngsters about traffic rules and regulations and principles of safe driving at the traffic park from April 1 between 5 and 9pm.The park was set up here with the initiative of then corporator Vikas alias Baba Maind to educate students and children about traffic rules. It was inaugurated on February 27, 2009. Every evening, the park has hundreds of visitors including schoolchildren, college students, youngsters and senior citizens too. But in three years, the main objective of educating people about traffic rules and safety measures has never been implemented. The park had been reduced to an ordinary garden and place to enjoy, with the private contractor generating huge revenue.Baba Maind said a traffic cop will now be on duty at the main square inside the park from 5pm to 9pm, to teach children traffic rules. The cop will also guide parents about stop lines, zebra crossings, yellow border line, and other rules.\"From April 15, a power point presentation on traffic awareness will also be shown at the auditorium-cum-cinema hall, that can accommodate at least 50 people, and on a large screen in the garden,\" Maind added.The cop and a few traffic wardens to be posted at the park will use the artificial roads and squares already created in the park to teach children guidelines on driving or walking on the road. Two large hoardings showing all traffic signs will also be on display at the garden.City traffic police have also agreed to share the responsibility of regulating traffic outside the park. The road outside the park has become a place for youngsters to hang out, with two-wheelers parked on the road haphazardly, leading to traffic blockages.Cops have decided to initiate action against such youngsters. Maind claimed NMC and traffic police will now together remove encroachments and create a perfect traffic education park.Maind said that residents have since long been demanding deployment of traffic police personnel near the park. With the traffic park operator, police and municipal corporation joining hands, the traffic in the area would now be regulated, he said.Entry fee to park hiked to Rs 5 from April 1NMC has allowed the private contractor operating the traffic park to charge 5 as entry fee from April 1 from every person, instead of the present fee of 2. Parents will also be charged 3 each while accompanying children in the play zone. The park contractor said NMC has asked him to start paying the electricity and water bill and maintenance cost for the park. So, he has been allowed to increase the entrance fee to 5 and playing zone fee to 3 per person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12407783", "title": "Man commits suicide as wife fails to conceive", "text": "NAGPUR: A 30-year-old man ended his life due to his childless marriage. Kartik Dongre, employed with a private company, hanged himself from the ceiling of his residence at Dawlamethi on the outskirts of the city on Saturday. Police said Dongre had been disturbed since couple of years since his wife was not able to conceive. He had tried to get her treated too but failed. Dongre used a nylon rope to end his life.In another incident, a 30-year-old man hanged himself from a branch of a tree at a desolate place in MIDC. Omprakash Uke, undergoing treatment for psychological issues, reached the high tree branch using his cycle, before kicking it away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12408850", "title": "Decrease Value Added Tax: Hoteliers to CM", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa hotel and restaurant owners association (SGHROA) has, in a memorandum addressed to the chief minister, has highlighted the grievances of the hotels and restaurants and urged him to redress them.Demanding exemption of composition tax from items like pav, tea, coffee, cold drinks, etc \"where profit margin is minimum\", the SGHROA has also urged the chief minister to lower the VAT on LPG from the current 12.5% to 5 %.The increase in the number of handcarts and kiosks (gaddas) selling eatables has also irked the SGHROA which has demanded that the government act against \"unlicensed\" gaddas.\"These gaddas operate by throwing to the winds the basic need such as cleanliness, thereby putting to risk the lives of the public at large. Further, as hotel and restaurant owners, we have to pay sales tax, VAT and other taxes that these gaddas don't pay,\" says the letter signed by SGHROA president C P Jaggi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12409868", "title": "A potholed ride: Whitefield sinks, while contractor sulks", "text": "BANGALORE: Deadlines to fill potholes have lapsed by but the craters that pockmark our city roads are only getting deeper and larger by the day. The last deadline to fill the potholes issued by BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda ended on December 30, 2011. But nearly three months on, a drive from MG Road to Whitefield is still a nightmare with at least 500 potholes dotting the 14.7-km stretch: roughly, a pothole for every 30 metres.But there is more than what meets the eye. \"Six wards for one contractor is not the norm followed by BBMP. We have not seen any improvement in the condition of the road in the last three months after the work supposedly began. We have learnt that the contractor has issues of dues to be paid to him from BBMP and thus no work has happened on the ground,\" R K Misra, ABIDe member and chairperson of the Mahadevapura development taskforce, told TOI. GA Sreenivasa, president of BBMP contractors' association, said that BBMP's outlying dues to the contractors total up to Rs800 crore.\"The situation is better now, compared to that of last year. Usually pothole-filling work for two or three wards is entrusted to one contractor and not for an entire assembly constituency . But many officials and corporators have their kin functioning as contractors and given this nexus, there is favouritism at play. Anyone who is eligible can become a contractor and we are not against it. But it is not ethical for politicians and officials to promote their relatives in awarding contracts. This reflects on the quality of work,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12410766", "title": "Bank of India ties up with TimesofMoney for online remittances", "text": "MUMBAI: Bank of India has tied up with TimesofMoney to offer remittance solutions to NRIs in the UK. The partnership will enable NRIs send remittances in Great Britain Pounds (GBP), seamlessly and securely.The online remittance service will offer all users competitive pricing, both in terms of exchange rates and transaction costs.Speaking on the occasion, Alok K Misra, CMD, Bank of India said: ''NRIs are a strong focus for our bank, and our global reach makes us uniquely positioned to serve them. We are happy to offer a technology-driven service to UK-based NRIs. The main concern for all NRIs is to have a fast, secure and cost-effective way to send money to India. The product will ensure that the users can now transfer money 24x7 in an affordable and secure manner.\"Commenting on the occasion, Avijit Nanda, president, TimesofMoney, said: \"India is the highest remittance receiving country in the world, estimated at over $58 billion. TimesofMoney's proprietary platform, 'Remittance in a Box', provides banks with a unique plug-and-play solution to power their online remittance service. This platform offers user interface &amp; design, risk management, technology, operations and customer service. This alliance with Bank of India gives us a great sense of pride and we look forward to growing this relationship.\"Bank of India has an overseas presence of over 65 years. It has offices in 19 foreign centres spread over 5 continents, where its services are extended through 49 outlets, including 7 in the UK. TimesofMoney is India's leading digital payment service provider and serves a varied client base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12408146", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan happy to resume work", "text": "MUMBAI: Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan was back in action. The superstar who had been recuperating after surgery was happy to be back at work.He tweeted on Sunday night, \"So back in front of the cameras for the promo shoot of IPL .. a bit strange, but never too strange .. a spring in the step and mind Familiar surroundings, vanity van, ever faithful Deepak my make up, lights, cameras, busy assistants, hushed silences an 'action' !!\"Bachchan had undergone two abdominal surgeries in February and was discharged after 12 days of stay in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12413368", "title": "Allu Sirish thrilled with \u201cEe Rojullo\u201d success", "text": "Allu Sirish is all praise for his buddies, and understandably so. His good friends, Maruthi Dasari and Sreenivas Kumar's (aka SNK) film \" Ee Rojullo\", has struck gold at the Box Office.The rom-com marks Maruthi's debut as a director and SNK's debut as a producer. Sirish couldn't be happier for the duo's success and expressed his joy on his micro-blogging page by posting, \"I am extremely happy about the success of Ee Rozullo. Dir Maruthi Dasari &amp; Exec prod @SKNOnline are ppl I want to see succeed (sic).\"Via his posts, Sirish went on to inform that he relies on Bunny Vasu (producer of \"100% Love\"), Sreenivas Kumar (producer of \"100% Love\") and Maruthi for career advice. He also attributed the trio to be his \"think tank\".It is a little known fact that Maruthi Dasari and Bunny Vasu were animation colleagues when the duo worked for Sriven Multitech over a decade back. In fact, it was none other than director Maruthi who designed the Praja Rajyam Party logo that Chiranjeevi founded back in the day.Sirish wished both Maruthi and Sreenivas Kumar, on the site by posting, \"Maruthi made a very nice film with such budget &amp; resource constraints. Congrats guru! And @sknonline welcome 2 the Producer's Club ;)\".\"Ee Rojullo\" was made a budget of Rs 60 lakhs. Following the film's success, Sirish's posts sure are the icing on the cake for the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12409629", "title": "Relatives of slain crusaders cry for justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Narendra Kumar, Sola Ranga Rao, Sathish Kumar and nine others who were killed allegedly due to their anti-corruption work were the heroes of Anna Hazare's protest at Jantar Mantar on Sunday.The families of the 12 slain activists shared the dais with Hazare and spoke in one voice for a strong Lokpal Bill that, they claim, should also have provisions to protect whistleblowers. The lives of the slain activists were showcased through specially prepared video montages set to patriotic tunes and the sound of a rhythmic hear beat highlighting the tortuous lives led by the families of the activists following their death.\"My brother has lost his life while fighting against corruption. We support Hazare's anti-corruption movement so that no more whistleblowers meet such a fate,\" said Raj Kumar Singh, brother of IPS officer Narendra Kumar who was killed on March 8 allegedly by the mining mafia in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh for trying to stop illegal mining of stones and sand.While political analysts argued that the recent murder of the IPS officer prompted Team Anna to pick up the issue of whistleblowers to regroup its forces after receiving a lukewarm response in Mumbai in December, the utilization of the video montages struck an emotional chord with the crowd. \"Many of us have seen news shows about these slain activists, but to come here and see the extent of their pain has made me realize how privileged my own life is,\" said Tanmayta Singh, a student.Sughuna, wife of Sola Ranga Rao, had come with her two-year-old daughter. Tears welled up in her eyes as she narrated the killing of her husband who had died fighting against the district authority that was allegedly misusing funds sanctioned for the drainage system in their village in Andhra. \"He was beaten to death. Two years have passed but no one has been arrested. I have taken up work in the fields to feed my children and there is no support from the government.\"Hazare's fast demanding that Parliament adopt the Jan Lokpal Bill with a stronger whistleblower protection provision was also joined by Bhagwandas Dhakan, a friend of RTI activist Amit Jethwa who was shot dead outside the Gujarat high court in July 2010 for going to court over illegal mining in reserve forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409844", "title": "Promises not a binding on government, says Bisen", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Cooperatives Minister Gauri Shankar Bisen has kicked off yet another controversy.Last week, the minister said in the assembly that state government was not liable to keep the promises made by BJP, the party in power.\"The promises made in the BJP manifesto for 2008 assembly election in Madhya Pradesh were not made by the government, hence there was no need for the government to fulfill them,\" he said.Bisen made the statement when leader of opposition Ajay Singh wanted to know about implementation of BJP's election-time assurance to waive agricultural loans. Bisen added that the promise could have been fulfilled had BJP leader L K Advani become the country's Prime Minister.Eventually, industries minister Kailash Vijayawargiya intervened to say that he did not remember whether BJP had really made such a promise in 2008 manifesto.He added that if the promise had been made, there was still some time to fulfill it.Bisen has been caught up in a couple of controversies in the recent past. He faced a barrage of criticism a few months ago when newspaper photographs showed a minor boy tying the lace of his shoes at a public function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12409259", "title": "Beat this summer with some fluids!", "text": "KOCHI: Rising mercury has prompted city doctors to issue heat stroke warnings. Their prescription is beat the heat with fluids this summer. \"One has to keep on drinking a lot of water to prevent dehydration,\" warned additional district medical officer of Ernakulam, Dr Haseena Muhammed. She added that though one may not feel the heat, but the symptoms will appear soon. \"People should stay out of the sun during noon, if possible. Direct exposure to sunlight during mid-afternoon could turn out to be dangerous,\" she said.Doctors say the first sign of a dangerous heat stroke can be the absence of sweat. As the temperature rises, your body's natural cooling mechanism - sweat (or perspiration) - evaporates and cools your body. But on hot days, evaporation slows down and your body may not be able to keep itself cool.So doctors say the best defense is prevention and the solution is to drink plenty of water when the heat indicators are high. If you are outdoors, try to stay in a shaded area.Fluid intake is a must emphasize medical experts, drink juices with salt and sugar and avoid caffeine and alcohol. Some of the symptoms for heat stroke are hot and dry skin, no sweat, loss of consciousness, throbbing headache, frequent vomiting and shortness of breath. If you feel any of these symptoms, contact a doctor. Heat stroke is much more serious than heat exhaustion - it can kill you. \"We haven't come across any heat stroke cases in Kerala. It is common in places that have extreme temperatures like northern part of India. We have treated cases where people have fainted due to heat and exhaustion. However, fluid intake is the best way to combat this summer heat,\" said superintendent of Welcare Hospital Dr Sachidananda Kamath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12408462", "title": "Panchmahals cops seize 59 cows, arrest two", "text": "VADODARA: Panchmahals police seized 59 cows and arrested two persons from Shahera-Lunavada Road on Sunday morning. The duo was taking the cattle from Bhilwada to Godhra for slaughtering.The cops had received a tip-off following which they kept an eye on the road. According to police, Farooq Myargar and Rafiq Myargar, both residents of Madhya Pradesh, were asked to deliver the cattle at Godhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12409825", "title": "Man shoots at daughter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An inebriated father shot at his daughter from point blank range with his licenced revolver at their house in Sector 41 on Sunday evening when she objected to his drinking. The accused has been identified as Ram Phal, 52, a senior audit officer with AG office, Haryana. His daughter, Poonam, 24 was rushed to the PGI, where her condition is stated to be critical.The incident took place around 5.45pm when Ram Phal engaged in a heated argument with his family members over his drinking. Police sources said Poonam was livid because of her father's drinking habit and this provoked him to pull out his revolver and open fire.Poonam is a computer teacher with a private institute in Sector 38. In his statement to the police, Manjeet Singh, Poonama??s younger brother, said that she was in the drawing room, while his father came from another room carrying a revolver in his hand and opened fire. Manjeet told the police that his father owned a.32 bore revolver.Kanta Devi, mother of the injured girl and Manjeet both were present in the house when the incident took place. They, however had not imagined that the arguments will lead to a shooting.Police officials said Ram Phal had been on leave from his office for the last three days and he was drinking at his house when angry words were exchanged between him and his family. Poonam was rushed to the PGI by her family members including father Ram Phal, police sources said. Somebody else from their locality informed the police control room about the incident. When a patrolling gypsy reached their house in Sector 41, it was locked, sources added.DSP (south) B S Negi said prima facie the bullet hit the right side of Poonama??s chest and it is yet to be ascertained whether it is still lodged in the body.The family belongs to district Panipat in Haryana. Though senior officials refused to comment on Ram Phal's arrest, police sources said he was nabbed from PGI.He was drunk earlier in the dayRam Phal had been spotted roaming around in a drunk condition in the Sector 41 market around 2pm on Sunday. Police sources said a head constable Karam Singh advised him to go to his house instead of roaming around in the market. A police probe revealed that the accused has a valid arm licence since 1996.Another Poonam was shot tooIn a similar incident, Karamjit Singh, 52, had committed suicide after shooting at his 18-year-old daughter in Sector 23 in March, 2008. Karamjit was the owner of Kasuli broiler chicken shop. His daughter, whose name ironically too was Poonam succumbed to her injuries on February 2, 2011 after battling for life for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12412920", "title": "Rhino operated on by forest dept found dead in Majuli", "text": "JORHAT: A rhino, whose horn had been cut off by forest officials to prevent it from being targeted by poachers, was found dead at Majuli island in Jorhat district late on Saturday. The animal had strayed out of the Kaziranga National Park last week and forest officials had operated upon the animal on Thursday to remove its horn before releasing it. An official said the operation wound had turned septic and the rhino had become weak being chased by people for over the 100-km distance between Kaziranga and Majuli.The forest officials said carcass of the adult male rhino was found at Silakola area in Majuli. \"We found the body on Saturday night and veterinarians from the Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation conducted the autopsy on Sunday,\" said Naba Kumar Malakar, divisional forest officer (Jorhat). He added: \"Veterinarians had taken all measures to protect the operation wound from germs, but all our efforts were in vain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12408401", "title": "NRHM rip-off: Trader with no contract worked as middleman", "text": "LUCKNOW: Investigators probing anomalies in the National Rural Health Mission have now started focussing on the expenditure of NRHM funds before Babu Singh Kushwaha took charge as the minister for family welfare during Mayawati's regime. Sleuths are also checking records of the Samajwadi Party regime, which ended in 2007.One of the possible vital links and a major source of information regarding irregularities in NRHM before 2009 is believed to be a businessman, who has been associated with supply of equipment and medicines to the health department for almost a decade now. His business is believed to have grown by leaps and bounds during the past six years. The businessman has his office near the main Kaiserbagh intersection.Interestingly, the businessman does not own any manufacturing unit for supply of equipment or medicines that he supplies. \"If there is a demand for particular equipment, this businessman who already had contacts in the health department would come to know about it in advance. He would then tap a manufacturing unit producing the required equipment and offer him a partnership deal,\" said a CBI official associated with the NRHM probe. In terms of his investments in the partnership, he would ensure that the tender is bagged, the supply is made and the payments received without any hassles. The second partner who is involved in production of the required equipment will only manufacture the piece and forward it to him.An important part of this partnership would be some flawless paper work to establish the partnership business and the transactions with the health department. At the same time, he would know everything that is happening around him.Another reason why this businessman may prove to be a blessing in disguise for the investigators is that he happens to be aware of quite a few important things with which he was not associated directly, but was aware of how the \"deals\" were struck.The businessman in question is said to be very close to the senior bureaucrat who has surfaced as an accused in the NRHM case.Sources said this businessman has shed some light on the NRHM related transactions prior to Kushwaha being appointed as the minister for family welfare. He has reportedly provided details of some purchases and supplies that were finalised before Kushwaha's tenure. However, the paper work began only after Kushwaha took oath. Sources said most of the funds issued before Kushwaha became the minister in mid 2009, were carried forward to the next year as unspent funds.Meanwhile, a senior officer associated with the probe ruled out possibilities of any of the accused turning into approvers, as investigations into the cases lodged with the CBI are yet to reach a stage, where approvers can be accepted by the court.\"It is usually just before the final chargesheet stage that accused offer to become approvers. Their requests are then forwarded to the designated court and only after the latter's sanction, an accused can turn into an approver,\" the officer said.\"As on date, an accused can only offer to help the investigators on the assurance that he will be turned into an approver,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408933", "title": "Chief minister all set to present state budget today", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar will present the state budget in the Goa legislative assembly at 2.30pm on Monday.A vote on account for about four months will be passed in the ongoing session, while detailed discussions on the various demands and the entire budget will be held and passed during the full-fledged session likely to be held in July.Parrikar was originally scheduled to present the budget on March 21, but the untimely demise of tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha forced the government to postpone the business of the house, including the budget presentation, to Monday.Monday's assembly session will begin at 11.30am when the election of the deputy speaker will be held. BJP Mayem MLA Anant Shet is expected to be the automatic choice as his is the only nomination filed for the post of deputy speaker.The morning session is also expected to include obituary references to Saldanha and some other eminent personalities.The budget preparation is a crucial exercise for the chief minister whose BJP government took over the reins of the state earlier this month. Parrikar has admitted that many of the assurances of the BJP in its election manifesto will have to be supported through budgetary provisions for their fulfillment.Some assurances that are expected to reflect in the budget are the allowance of between 3000 to 4500 per month under the minimum employment assurance scheme, the promised hike in the Suvarna Jayanti Bima Yojana (mediclaim) from 60,000 to 2 lakh, the abolition of house tax on dwelling units in Goa, the allowance of 1000 per month to housewives and a long list of infrastructural projects including at least 10 new bridges in the state.Parrikar has assured that he will mobilize additional resources to mop up the revenue by plugging leakages and wasteful expenditure and without taxing the common man.Monday's session will also feature two calling attention motions moved by MGP Ponda MLA Lavu Mamledar, sources in the legislature department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409948", "title": "Shop owner attacked, 6 mobiles looted", "text": "BHOPAL: A shop owner was allegedly attacked, mobile phones and cash were looted from his shop in the city on Saturday evening.Rajesh Sahu, who has a mobile shop near Ambedkar Nagar locality, was allegedly attacked by a person identified as Monty, when the former refused to give him money. The accused damaged the shop and also looted 6 mobile phones and Rs 3,000 cash, the police said.The police said two of the accused accomplices were waiting outside the shop. The incident was later reported to the police and subsequently, a case was registered against the three, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12409370", "title": "Authorities get a wake up call on the state of roads", "text": "MANGALORE: A call by Jaago Mangalore Association in protest against bad roads evoked widespread response from people. Protests were staged at various venues in the city in addition to the planned protest march and road blockade at Yedapadav junction. Protestors all over the city expressed their frustration over poor road maintenance, unorganized digging for pipelines, and indifference to traffic problems on the part of the authorities concerned.In the city, protests were staged opposite Bharath Mall, Lighthouse Hill, opposite Ram Bhavan Complex (Kodialbail Circle), Hampankatta, State Bank of India Circle, outside Circuit House (Kadri Hills) and also at various autorickshaw stands and bus stops.The protest was in the form of continuous honking of their vehicle horns for about five minutes. There was no disruption of traffic or any other form of disturbance to the public and road users.The protest was supported by organizations such as DK Bus Operators Association, DK AutoRickshaw Drivers' Union, the Canara Bus Owners' Association, Quarry and Stone Crushers' Association, Lions Club, Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Jaycees, and Karnataka Rakshana Vedike. The members of the Malnad Youth Association too joined the protest.A separate protest organized at Yedapadav, Mijar attracted nearly 3,000 protestors. As planned, a protest march began at 5 pm at the dilapidated Bolechar bridge and moved towards Yedapadav Junction, where the protesters blocked the road for about half an hour from 6 pm. The road block was lifted at 6.30 pm and free movement of traffic was allowed. The line of vehicles during the blockade was over 1km long on either side. Music and bhajans formed the part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12409988", "title": "Hindi varsity to be opened soon:Sharma", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh higher education minister Laxmikant Sharma said that effective steps are being taken for the promotion of Hindi and its literature and the state also plans to host an international Hindi Conference.Inaugurating a two-day international literary symposium in Indore on Saturday, he said guidance of scholars would be sought in taking more effective steps.The process for establishment of Hindi University is almost complete and it will be inaugurated soon.Litterateurs and scholars from Mauritius , Canada , Toronto , Nepal , Tibet and other parts of the world are also taking part in the symposium organised by Sahitya Akademi of Madhya Pradesh Sanskriti Parishad with the cooperation of Madhya Pradesh Hindi Granth Academy and Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya, Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12411720", "title": "Ra.One animator hit by speeding car, battling for life", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old animator, who led the team that recently won the national award for special effects in Shahrukh Khan's Ra.One, is battling for life, after an auto rickshaw in which she was travelling, was hit by a speeding car in suburban Oshiwara here, leaving her seriously injured, police said today.The mishap took place in the early hours of Sunday around 1 am, when the victim, Charu Khandal was returning home in the auto with her sister Ritu and friend Vikrant Goyal, after a party that she had thrown for close family and friends on Saturday night, they said.The young animator has suffered multiple fractures in her leg and spine besides grave injuries on her head after the black Honda City rammed into the autorickshaw, which turned turtle near Sriji restaurant. Ritu and Goyal also received severe injuries in the accident, police said.The trio was immediately rushed to a nearby private hospital where Charu is battling for life and two others are undergoing treatment. Manoj Gautam, who was behind the wheels of the car was arrested yesterday for rash and negligent driving. He was subsequently granted bail, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12409501", "title": "Will city develop with five MPs?", "text": "NAGPUR: A member of parliament plays vital role in a constituency's development. Now, the city is fortunate to have five MPs with addition of renowned businessman Ajay Sancheti to the list. If united, the city as well as Vidarbha may see a sea of change. What is needed is their unity for the development of city and ambitious projects like MIHAN.The urban part of the city constitutes a Lok Sabha constituency and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar is the elected MP for last six terms from here and one term from Chimur in Chandrapur district.Fortunately, chairman of Lokmat Group of Newspapers Vijay Darda was elected as Rajya Sabha MP for the first time in July 1998 and is in continuation for third term. Union minister for social justice and empowerment Mukul Wasnik who is also from the city was elected as MP from adjoining Ramtek constituency in 2009. Adding to the number, senior Congress leader Avinash Pande was elected as Rajya Sabha MP in July 2010.Now, Sancheti has been elected unanimously as Rajya Sabha MP and become the fifth from the city. Sancheti is the only MP from BJP while the other four are from the ruling Congress. Such a providential scenario may be witnessed only in few metro cities.Unfortunately, big projects like MIHAN, Gosikhurd, Metro Rail etc have failed to get proper momentum. Besides, the city is losing its name as orange city due to dwindling orange production. Projects of JNNURM are delayed and not monitored properly. The proposal of rejuvenation of Nag river is too pending for last couple of years. All these could be accomplished in the city if all five MPs get together. Each MP gets Rs5 crore every year which collectively is a good amount for the city.Muttemwar told TOI, Sancheti as Rajya Sabha MP is a welcome move for the city. \"I am committed for city's development. I have taken efforts for MIHAN, Gosikhurd, metro rail, Tiger Capital, railway station's development and Duronto. I am ready to stand on one platform with anyone for the city's development,\" he said.Darda said, Sancheti is a very positive thinking person and also experienced in infrastructure and irrigation development.\"When one person can make Singapore a commercial hub in the world, five MPs united can make much difference. Number does not matter but development is an agenda. Leaving caste and politics aside, focus should be on changing the face of the city. We can do much better in defence apart from MIHAN. We can use bigwigs like BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and Wasnik who are from city and union ministers Kamal Nath and Praful Patel who are committed to city. There should be a 'credit card formula' to evaluate the performance of MPs,\" he said.Sancheti said, development is the only agenda for him. \"I am always ready to work on development issues irrespective of party. I am committed to work beyond the limits,\" he said.Noted industrialist Padmesh Gupta too sees five MPs as a ray of hope not only for the city but also for Vidarbha. \"All five of them are genius in their respective fields. Sancheti is a visionary and can bring everyone together. Tourism needs to be developed as Vidarbha has much potential for it,\" he said.Mayor Anil Sole said, Sancheti becoming MP is yet another boost for the city. \"Of course as a mayor I feel that they all will work for city's development and together can make much difference,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12410060", "title": "Three die in water tank explosion at brick kiln", "text": "VARANASI: Three brick kiln labourers including women were killed while a little girl sustained serious injuries when a water tank exploded and they were buried under its debris in Madnahi village under Nandganj police station in Ghazipur district on Sunday.According to reports, one Ishwardev Yadav of Madnahi village owns a brick kiln in his village. Two years back, a cemented water tank was constructed at the brick kiln for drinking water and other uses. As per their routine, the labourers of brick kiln assembled under the same tank in afternoon to collect drinking water. In the meantime, the water tank exploded and they all were buried under its debris.On hearing the sound of explosion, other labourers of kiln ran towards the incident site to save their colleagues. But before they could succeed, Mahavir (55) of Ranchi in Jhrakhand, Savita (35) of Dhamupur and Manju (32) of Alipur Bangava died on the spot while Savita's one-year-old daughter Lalta was rescued. She was rushed to district hospital where her condition was stated to be critical.The labourers lodged a named FIR against brick kiln owner in this connection. Police were investigating the matter after sending the bodies for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12407908", "title": "Birla Institute of Technology and Science seeks way out of garbage muddle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Demands for shifting garbage transfer stations and dumpyards continue to haunt the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). After walkers of Imlibun park approached the AP High Court, which directed the GHMC to shift the garbage transfer station, now it is the turn of Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS)-Pilani, Hyderabad campus to make a similar plea.BITS dean (Administration) Prof M B Srinivas has dashed off a letter to the GHMC commissioner to shift the existing dumpyard from Jawaharnagar, which is located about 1.5 kilometres from the campus. The dean said Jawaharnagar dumpyard has been affecting the health of students and residents of the campus. He said stench and pollution from the site was unbearable. \"Nearly 2,600 students, over 200 academics and staff stay on the campus. Due to the garbage dumpyard at Jawaharnagar, our campus gets engulfed in smoke and burning garbage poses a health hazard to the campus population. Our students frequently complain about health problems,\" he said in the letter.He asked the municipal authorities to take corrective steps to prevent pollution from the yard and explore the possibility of shifting it from Jawaharnagar. \"Shifting the dumpyard is not only helpful to our students but also to residents of surrounding villages,\" Srinivas said in the petition.However, GHMC officials said the Jawaharnagar dumpyard was started in 1987, whereas BITS had set up its campus in 2008. Over 700 acres of land in Jawaharnagar was declared a dumpyard in 1987. The state government had permitted garbage generated in the erstwhile Alwal, Uppal and Malkajgiri municipality to be dumped there. Now, the entire city's garbage (about 4,000 MTs) is being dumped daily in Jawaharnagar for the past seven years after closure of yards in Autonagar and Adhibatla.\"Shifting the Jawaharnagar dumpyard is not possible at this juncture. However, the Corporation is taking all steps to prevent pollution with disposal of waste in a scientific manner by taking it up under Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode,\" GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation) L Vandan Kumar told TOI.Incidentally, apart from the demand for shifting garbage transfer station at Imlibun park, there is a similar demand from the tourism department to shift Kavadiguda (Indira Park) garbage transfer station, where a three-star hotel was constructed. The AP Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) project officer had first written to the corporation when the project commenced. As there was no response from the corporation, the then principal secretary of Youth Advancement, Tourism and Culture wrote another letter requesting the GHMC to shift the transfer station. The corporation rejected the request to relocate the yard as there was no alternative land in the vicinity.Meanwhile, the GHMC has decided to start modernization of the Imlibun garbage transfer station works in a couple of days on the directions of the High Court. On Saturday, the GHMC officials inspected a location close to the existing station to dump garbage till modernisation is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12412891", "title": "Jewellers demonstrate against 1% excise duty", "text": "Allahabad: Traders of the city organised a protest meeting in Chowk against the imposition of 1% excise duty on jewellery items. They closed their establishments and shouted slogans against the Central government.Addressing the traders, president, Prayag Sarrafa Mandal, Kuldeep Soni observed that unless the excise duty is withdrawn, jewellery shops of the city would remain closed indefinitely and the protest would continue. He also said that every jeweller of the city is ready to sacrifice the daily business till the excise duty is withdrawn.Speaking at the protesting venue, general secretary of the organisation, Sanjay Verma flayed Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for being harsh on the jewellers in this budget.He said that the decision of imposition of 1% excise duty on non-branded jewellery is detrimental to the interests of jewellers and till the Central government withdraws the excise duty, the protest would continue. Vimlesh Chaddha said, \"If needed, the jewellers are also ready to fill the jails to get their rights.Central government is not bothered about small jewellers and craftsmen associated with the industry. The imposition of 1% excise duty on non-branded jewellery is aimed at exploiting small jewellers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12408483", "title": "Encounters investigator seeks larger team", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The chairman of the Supreme Court-appointed Special Task Force (STF), retired Supreme Court justice H S Bedi, has sought an increase in manpower allocated to the team probing 15 police encounters of Gujarat.Bedi held a meeting on Saturday with the DGP and other senior police officials of Gujarat. At present, five IPS officers are part of the STF. But citing the large number of cases being probed, Bedi asked for four deputy superintendents of police and eight police inspectors. The fresh appointments are likely to be made under the supervision of a senior member of the team, inspector general of police A K Sharma. Sharma is in charge of the state intelligent bureau and also of the Gandhinagar range.This was Bedi's first visit to Gandhinagar after being appointed as the chairman of the STF. He left the city on Sunday.Sources said that the retired justice will pay his second visit to the state on April 18. \"Then he will interact with all the STF members individually,\" said a member of the STF. Saturday's meeting was attended by in-charge DGP Chittranjan Singh, Sharma, and home department officials.During the meeting, Bedi issued a directive that all case papers concerning the encounters be translated into English. A source familiar with the development said: \"This exercise will take at least four months because of the huge number of documents concerning the 15 encounters.\" According to the SC order, Bedi has to submit the first progress report within the next three months.The STF was formed after two PILs were filed by journalist B G Verghese and lyricist Javed Akhtar. The petitions were filed in 2007 after three IPS officers were arrested in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Samirkhan case uncertaintyIt remains uncertain if the Samirkhan Pathan encounter of 2002 will be probed by the STF. The reason behind this apparent ambiguity is that Pathan's case is already facing a court inquiry, though no fresh offence has been registered. Pathan's family members are, however, readying to approach the chairman with a request to include the encounter in the purview of the probe.Victims' profile: Religion no barSome senior members of the STF were taken aback to note that the list of encounters under the scanner has 13 Hindus and 3 Muslim victims - Rajkot's Salim Miyana and Rafiq Bapudi, apart from Haji Haji Ismail from Valsad. Haji's family had filed a petition before the HC alleging that this was a contract killing carried out by Gujarat police officials. The petitioners had alleged that Haji was picked up from Lonavala in Mahrashtra and killed in a fake encounter. Salim's wife too had made a similar allegation in a letter to the Gujarat police authorities.Amit Shah connectionSome controversial fake encounters are missing from the list of incidents under the scanner. Sohrabuddin Sheikh was killed in 2005, Tulsiram Prajapati in 2006, and four alleged Kashmiri terrorists were killed in Vatva in 2006. According to the SC order, the STF shall look into cases other than those already being probed by the order of SC. The status of the Vatva encounter though remains unclear. \"Another reason for this omission is that the 18 encounters considered by the petitioners are those tabled in the Gujarat assembly in 2007 by the then minister of state for home Amit Shah,\" said an STF member. The petitioners have also mentioned before the SC that these encounters were mentioned in the Gujarat assembly. Shah was later arrested by the CBI in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12408169", "title": "'Delivery boys' take consumers for a ride", "text": "COIMBATORE: For the past few weeks, Indane gas distributors in the city have been bogged down by cheating complaints filed by customers. Men dressed as delivery boys from gas agencies have been collecting money and at times, cylinders, from customers across the city on the pretext of delivering refills.N Nisha, a resident of Periyar Nagar near Puliyakulam, was one of the victims when two men dressed like the regular delivery boys arrived at her house. \"They entered the house, kept talking over the phone, checked my booking details and took away the money saying that the refill will be delivered in a few minutes as the vehicle was delivering the cylinder in the next lane,\" said Nisha. However, Nisha on her part did enquire about the identity of the boy since he was not the regular one. The boy very convincingly said that from now on he would be delivering the cylinder. It was only when Nisha contacted the distributor later after waiting long for the cylinder that she realized the fraud.However, P Kousalaya, a resident of Peelamedu, was not as lucky as Nisha since the culprit took her cylinder along with the money. \"I was not at home when the person came. My relatives were home and they mistook him to for the delivery boy as he gave away all the details clearly. Thinking he would return with a new cylinder, they handed over the cylinder with the money. However, he never returned. When they came out looking for the boy, he was no were to be seen,\" she complained.When Kousalya contacted the distributor, they told her that they had received several such calls from the customers. Later, a complaint was registered at the police station.Sarvana Kumar, a distributor of Indane Gas near Singanallur, confirmed that they have received several complaints from customers across the city. \"Due to LPG transporters strike in the state, there was a shortage in the number of gas cylinders and this created a backlog. Cashing in on the opportunity, the culprits contacted customers and got away with the money,\" Kumar added.B Rajendra, president of Coimbatore LPG Gas Distributors Association, said people have to be careful before giving money and empty cylinders to unknown delivery persons. \"They should check the identity cards. In case they feel suspicious, they should call the distributors and verify,\" he said.Peelamedu police sub-inspector Hemalatha said many complaints of gas cylinder theft have been recorded and non-traceable certificates issued to the complainants so that they could book again. The complainants said the culprits knew all about the customers. Investigations are on, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12409021", "title": "Traffic police issue 138 challans for drunk driving", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon traffic police have issued 138 challans for drunken driving over the last two days, starting Friday. While 65 drunk drivers were challaned on Friday late night, 73 were fined on Saturday.Poilce had set up check posts on all the prominent places including the MG Road which has high density of pubs and bars. Cops said the anti-drunken driving campaign was being carried out with the help of local police and citizen volunteers or road safety officers.On Saturday, a special check post was erected at IFFCO Chowk where seven RSOs were deputed along with over a dozen cops. Of 73 challans issued that night, 37 were alone issued from this spot. Besides challans, five vehicles were also impounded including that of one central government employee, whose car was being driven by his son. The drive was carried out between 11 pm and 4 am. Two interceptors were also brought at the spot to chase and challan violators. A team of women cops were also present at the spot.Cops said that such intensive drive would continue in the coming weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12408090", "title": "Protest staged in Anna\u2019s support", "text": "PATNA: Several people staged a day-long dharna at the Kargil roundabout in support of Anna Hazare who was on fast in Delhi on Sunday. They assembled there under the banner of India Against Corruption (IAC) to support Anna's cause and protest against the Union government for its failure to bring a powerful Lokpal Bill.Speakers were demanding an effective legislation for Lokpal and protection of whistle-blowers. Sanjay Dutt of IAC demanded that whistle-blower be brought within the ambit of the central law on corruption. RSP Singh stressed on the need for character-building while Kuldip Chowdhary said there were already several laws. Effective implementation of those laws was the need of the hour, he said. Ram Udai Singh remembered the IPS officer, Narendra Kumar, who was killed in Madhya Pradesh recently. Narendra has inspired hundreds of people across the country to emulate him, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12408616", "title": "Government institutes 'Dalit Mitra Puraskar'", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has instituted a new scheme titled 'Dalit Mitra Puraskar', under which the government will award 25,000 cash, a shawl, a shrifal and a certificate on the occasion of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Jayanti on April 14 to a dalit or non-dalit who has worked for the welfare of dalits for 25 years or more.According to an official press release, the objective of the scheme is to encourage individuals to create social awareness and to encourage the society, in general, to work for the upliftment and welfare of dalits which will improve their socio-economic condition, education, standard of living, etc.To be eligible for the award, the individual will have to be a Goan who has rendered at least 25 years of remarkable service for the upliftment of dalits in Goa. The age of the individual awardee should be 60 years and above.Interested persons may obtain a prescribed application form from the directorate of social welfare. The last date for submission of duly filled application is March 30 along with all the relevant documentary evidences, the press note said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12412908", "title": "Experts inform villagers about sustainable farming", "text": "Allahabad: A farmers' training workshop on bio-fertilizers was organised at Iswar Saran Degree College on Sunday. Farmers were informed about sustainable agriculture, microbial diversity and recent advances made in the farming sector. Principal of the college, Anand Shankar Singh said, \"Bio-fertilizers are more beneficial in our agriculture production system. Vast natural reservoir of nitrogen in the atmosphere and unavailable phosphorus sources can be trapped as additional sources to meet our requirement along with production of growth promoting substances and soil conditioners.\"Richa Tandon, head, department of botany, ISDC; and Yogesh Pratap Singh, resource person, Iyengar Phycology Laboratory, department of botany, AU, were present on the occasion. Meanwhile, a two day national workshop on 'capacity building: needs of trainers in the field of textile and apparel design' was concluded at the department of home science at Allahabad University.Informing about the proceedings of two days, department head Sangita Srivastava said that the varsity's vice-chancellor had inaugurated the workshop and also gave valuable suggestions on entrepreneurship and innovation. The keynote address was given by professor Sarita Shiekh who laid emphasis on scope of home science in entrepreneurship. During the technical session, participants learnt the art of making fish-cut lengha, knitting socks and screen printing, said Srivastava. The valedictory function was graced by Justice Sunita Agarwal of Allahabad High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-26"}
