{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091982", "title": "Telgi gets life imprisonment in fake stamp paper case", "text": "MUMBAI: A special CBI court on Wednesday convicted Abdul Karim Telgi and 11 others in one of the fake stamp paper scam-related cases but rejected an application seeking to make former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh an accused.Ram Ratan Soni, one of the accused, had alleged that it was during Deshmukh's tenure as state revenue minister that Telgi was granted the stamp vending license, so he be impleaded in the case.But the court rejected the plea. The court, however, sentenced Telgi to life imprisonment in cases registered at Colaba and Cuff Parade police stations here, and at Economic Offence Wing. The cases were later taken over by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091121", "title": "2.7L students from Pune divn to face SSC test", "text": "PUNE: Over 2.70 lakh students from the Pune division will appear for the Secondary School Certificate (SSC, Std X) examination of the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, which begins on Thursday.Marathi first language and Hindi first language exams would be held on Thursday.The examination marks the first instance of students writing their papers for the new upgraded syllabus of mathematics and science subjects, which was introduced at the SSC level from academic year 2011-12. However, the repeater candidates will have to write their papers for the old course.Divisional board secretary M V Gosavi said here in a release that the education board has made elaborate arrangements to ensure smooth conduct of the examination. \"The board has also hired professional counsellors for guiding students during the course of the examination as a measure to reduce the exam stress,\" he said.Of the total 486 examination centres across the Pune division area of Pune, Ahmednagar and Solapur districts, 32 centres have been identified as sensitive. Steps like bar coding of answer sheets, hologram stickers for establishing authenticity of answer sheets, videographing of sensitive centres and surprise visits to exam centres by vigilance and sitting squads, have been put in place, said Gosavi.Out of the total 2,70,230 students enrolled from Pune division, 1,51,737 are boys and 1,18,493 girls. Together, these candidates represent 3,144 secondary schools, the district-wise break up of schools being 1,318 from Pune, 932 from Ahmednagar and 894 from Solapur.In all, 2,22,317 students will appear for the new upgraded syllabus while 15,007 students will write the old course papers.A total of 1,22,268 new course students and 9,896 old course candidates are from Pune city, Pimpri-Chinchwad and adjoining rural areas.Adequate gap between two papers has been ensured to reduce exam stress. As has been the tradition, English and mathematics papers will have multiple set question papers to ensure that candidates seated in front and back and to the right and the left of a student get different question papers.The board has allowed certain concessions for the physically challenged and special kids i.e. those suffering from dyslexia; dysgraphia and dyscalculia; blindness or visual impairment; cerebral palsy and physical handicap and autistic students, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090320", "title": "Mayo hospital draws 3-phase plan to oust squatters", "text": "NAGPUR: The staff quarters at the Mayo hospital have been home to many unofficial and illegal residents for many years. Some of these occupants, other than using the hospital's property without paying for it, also create nuisance for the other residents.The hospital authorities have taken it upon themselves after all these decades to weed out the mischief mongers and straighten up the situation of the quarters.The process has already been set rolling with a primary survey to identify the authenticity of all the occupants of the six buildings, each with sixteen flats. The hospital authorities say that most of these residents are their employees, with a minority of them being 'outsiders'. The residents, however, believe that about half of the occupants lodged in these buildings are unauthorized. The problems aggravated due to the presence of some antisocial elements in the residency.\"Our main problem is that we pay the bills for water, electricity and other amenities from our salaries. The others, some of whom are employees living without notifying the authorities and those who have been given the flats by their kin who work for the hospitals do not share the financial burden,\" revealed a resident. He also said that some flats have been illegally taken over by people who are in no manner related to the hospital or any of the staffers.Dean Dr Prakash Wakode informed that the work has already begun to drive out the illegal occupants and regularize the staffers. \"We have decided to work in three phases. In the first phase, the families of the workers still on our rolls would be included. Next, we would do something about those occupants who are still in the quarters despite their kin having retired from the hospital. The others would be dealt with in the end,\" he informed.\"We have already issued the notices to the first group, 80 per cent of whom have replied. They have been asked the extent of their occupancy and accordingly the overdue amount that they should have paid as rent would be deducted from their salaries,\" said Dr Mohan Khamgaonkar, superintendent of the hospital. He also said that notices would be issued if people are found to live in the premises illegally.Another major problem according to the residents is a broken wall that makes it easy for anyone to enter the hospital premises unnoticed. \"A lot of goons and hooligans make the premises their own, especially during the nights because of this broken wall. It is especially harrowing to have our children privy to the kind of language used by them. It doesn't make this a good place to raise children,\" said a concerned staffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12096118", "title": "Infosys: Deal in Europe will be small", "text": "MUMBAI: Infosys Ltd , hoarder of the biggest cash pile in India's computer-services industry, said the number of European companies with \"broken\" economic models has risen, increasing opportunities for acquiring them.India's second-biggest software exporter is looking to buy companies that own intellectual property as well as niche consulting firms and corporations that will boost its interaction with clients in France and Germany, Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan said in an interview in Bangalore, where the company is based. Any deal in Europe would be small, he said without elaborating.Infosys had a war chest of $4 billion as of Dec. 31, double that of larger rival Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS). Indian software companies, after a decade of growth fueled mostly by the outsourcing of jobs from the US, are turning to acquisitions as a strategy to expand into Europe, currently the second-largest source of their revenues.\"Valuations of possible target companies in Europe were as low in 2008,\" said Pralay Kumar Das, an analyst at Elara Securities India Pvt in Mumbai. \"Their economic models have been broken for a good three years now, and Infosys hasn't been able to make a meaningfully large acquisition. The problem with Infosys is that they haven't been aggressive enough with acquisitions, because of their focus on margins.\"'Broken model'The company declined 1.5 per cent to Rs 2,840.1 as of 12:54 p.m. in Mumbai trading, trimming the year-to-date gain to 2.6 per cent. Tata Consultancy fell 0.6 per cent and Wipro slumped 2.5 per cent. India's benchmark Sensex Index dropped 1.1 per cent.Companies and governments in France and Germany spent a combined $178 billion on information-technology goods and services last year, according to Forrester Research Inc. Together, that made them the world's third-largest technology market.\"Today we get more M&A; opportunities from Europe than in the past,\" Balakrishnan said. \"That means the local companies are in trouble -- their cost model is broken. It is not tuned for the environment. If customers don't use the local service providers more, they will have to outsource.\" While Forrester forecasts that western and central Europe will have the world's slowest growth in technology spending in 2012, Infosys believes Indian outsourcing companies could benefit as businesses in Europe look to cut costs, Balakrishnan said.Offshore\"With all the problems in Europe, there's greater focus on offshoring,\" or the movement of some technology processes to lower-cost locations, he said. Indian outsourcing companies can provide IT services at prices that are 30 per cent to 40 per cent lower than US and European service vendors, he said.Infosys Co-Chairman S Gopalakrishnan said in November the company would spend $700 million acquiring firms, and its mergers-and-acquisitions team looks at three to four targets at a time. Tata Consultancy is also seeking acquisitions and is willing to spend $500 million, Chief Executive Officer N Chandrasekaran said last year.Infosys's cash and near-cash of $4 billion compares with $2 billion in cash each for Mumbai-based Tata Consultancy and Bangalore-based Wipro, according to the companies and data compiled by Bloomberg .\"Our focus is on getting some good front-end in Germany or France because those markets are opening up,\" Balakrishnan said. \"Today, if you look at European revenues, they're mostly coming from the UK, but France and Germany are two large IT spenders within Europe. If you really want to grow bigger there, you need a very good front end.\"North AmericaIn the year ended in March, about 65 per cent of Infosys's revenue came from customers based in North America, while about 22 per cent came from customers based in Europe, according to the company's annual report. In 2008, Infosys walked away from a plan to acquire UK- based Axon Group Plc after its 407.1 million-pound ($645 million) bid was trumped by New Delhi-based HCL Technologies Ltd. In 2006, Infosys spent $115 million to buy Citigroup Inc's stake in Progeon Ltd, a back-office service provider controlled by Infosys.Infosys, which builds software programs and provides back- office support to clients including BT Group Plc , was founded by seven engineers in 1981 with $250 they borrowed from their wives. In 1999, Infosys became the first Indian company to sell American Depositary receipts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089801", "title": "Tempers flare as SpiceJet Jaipur flight is grounded", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 100 passengers on the Jaipur-Ahmedabad-Pune SpiceJet flight had a harrowing time at Ahmedabad airport late Tuesday evening. The flyers were asked to deplane at Ahmedabad airport due to a technical snag.However, the matter got heated when several passengers alleged of being manhandled and started protesting at the domestic terminal. The flyers complained of ill treatment and approached the terminal manager to lodge a complaint. However, no complaint was filed later.The flight from Ahmedabad to Pune was delayed by more than two hours as the aircraft was sent to Delhi for technical check-up of engines. The airline officials admitted that the flight to Pune from Ahmedabad was delayed by about an hour due to technical glitches.\"The flight arrived on time from Jaipur but upon inspection, engineers at Ahmedabad airport found maintenance issues for which a critical part needed to be replaced. This could be done only in Delhi and the passengers were accommodated in another aircraft,\" said an airline official.However, the scene turned stormy when allegedly a heated argument took place between a flight official and a flyer, with the later alleging ill treatment.\"Passengers stormed the terminal manager's office at domestic terminal and asked him to take a complaint against the airline staff. The flyers voiced anger against being kept in the dark about the maintenance work and alleged manhandling upon taking up the issue,\" said an airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090673", "title": "'Gram sabhas need more powers'", "text": "PANAJI: Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said that representative democracy has failed in the country. \"What we have in the country in the name of democracy is not true democracy,\" lamented Kejriwal.Elaborating, the anti-corruption crusader said, \"Legislators do not consult voters but follow party high command whips while voting on different issues.\"Kejriwal called for powers to be given to gram sabhas in rural areas and mauhalla sabhas in urban areas to decide on issues.He termed gram sabhas superior to both Parliament and state assemblies as the representatives to these are elected by the people while the gram sabhas consist of the people.\"The ritual of elections does not result in drastic change or reduction in corruption,\" he said while adding \"the system has failed us\".Kejriwal urged people to resort to the 49-O option and ask for the 17A register. \"Till we get the full-fledged right to reject, people can go and register their disapproval,\" Kejriwal observed.Election Commission voter icon Remo Fernandes said \"either you are for or against corruption. You can't sit on the shelf\".\"I think section 49-O is something extremely important and all governments have kept us in the dark about it,\" Remo added. He urged people to register their protest.On the issue of tickets to political families, Kejriwal said there is no inner party democracy.\"Ever since Independence, India has been ruled by one family,\" observed Remo.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090699", "title": "It\u2019s tough to nail Jigna, say lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts believe the police, probing the murder of journalist J Dey, will find it tough to prove its case against scribe Jigna Vora if they fail to obtain email exchanges and transcripts of her conversation with fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan.Last week, the crime branch submitted its supplementary chargesheet against Jigna in the Dey murder case. They alleged that Jigna instigated Rajan to order the hit on Dey. She is accused of sending Dey's motorcycle number, his office and residential addresses and articles written by him to Rajan through emails. However, Google refused to provide information on Jigna's two email accounts.Police are relying on Rajan's interviews to journalists stating that he regretted killing Dey and that Jigna instigated him. \"Rajan's claim (that Jigna instigated him) can be proved only if the transcripts of his conversation with Jigna is available. Moreover, how can the police rely on Rajan's version without corroborating it,\" a criminal lawyer said. According to the police, Jigna spoke to Rajan 36 times before the murder but did not call him after the killing.In the supplementary chargesheet, the police have said Jigna used seven cellphone handsets since March with different SIM cards. Police claim that she knew about the murder and therefore left for Sikkim three days before the hit.Police are relying on the statement of an accused, Paulson Joseph, before the magistrate that he had informed Jigna about the plan to murder Dey. However, lawyers said that a single statement of a co-accused is not enough to establish that Jigna is a conspirator.\"We have adequate electronic, technical, circumstantial and corroborating evidence in the case, including confessional statements,\" said joint police commissioner (crime) Himanshu Roy.\"We have built a case (against Jigna) carefully after going through all the legal procedures. Our deduction is based on the logistical sequence of events and evidence,\" he added. Jigna also tried to mislead the police by mentioning that drug lord Iqbal Mirchi was behind the killing, a senior official said.J Dey was shot dead on June 11 last year near his house in Powai. Jigna is the 11th person to be arrested in the case. She has been charged under various sections of the IPC, including murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence, as well as MCOCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12092156", "title": "North Korea agrees to curb N-work", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States said on Wednesday that North Korea has agreed to suspend nuclear activities and a moratorium on nuclear, and long-range missile tests in a breakthrough in negotiations with the secretive communist nation.The announcement comes little more than two months after the death of longtime ruler Kim Jong-il , and suggests North Korea has met the key US preconditions for restarting multination disarmament-for-aid talks that the North withdrew from in 2009.State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said the North has agreed to alllow International Atomic Energy inspectors to verify and monitor the moratorium on uranium enrichment and confirm disablement of its nuclear reactor at Yongbyon. Her statement says the US will meet with North Korea to finalize details for a proposed package of 240,000 metric tons of food aid. North Korea issued a similar, although differently worded statement released simultaneously in Pyongyang .An unidentified spokesman from North Korea's foreign ministry said in its statement carried by the state-run news agency that the North agreed to the nuclear moratoriums and the allowance of UN inspectors \"with a view to maintaining positive atmosphere'' for the US-North Korea talks.The announcement follows talks in Beijing last week between US and North Korean negotiators.Before his death, the US and North Korea were close to such an agreement, which appears to meets US preconditions for restarting the sixnation talks suspended three years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091360", "title": "Expired medicines on streets pose health hazards", "text": "RANCHI: Medicines can save lives but if they are not expired. After expiry of its life, the drugs can be lethal not just to human beings but to the environment as well. But medicine stores in town are little bothered as they dispose of the expired medicines and used syringes in the open or in drains.Loads of tablets and medicinal syrups, which have been expired, have been dumped in an open space behind Jaipal Singh stadium, giving an easy access to garbage pickers and animals who can consume the medicines which may prove fatal. Strips of a range of tablets are littered everywhere here and this is likely to attract people who may sell these for a few fast bucks. Almost every medicine store in the town is either dumping the expired strips and bottles in the drains or throwing them anywhere they like. Surprisingly, this does not attract the attention of the authorities.Narayan Singh, who lives near the stadium, said, \"Employees of the medicine shops always dump the expired medicines here. Many times poor children go to the garbage heap and pick up the bottles of syrups and drink them. This is very irresponsible on the part of medical store owners.\"According to rules, medical stores should send the medicines to the whole-sellers three months before the expiry date and the whole-sellers have to send them to the companies within a month. If the medical stores want to dispose of the medicines, they should dig a hole of two-metre and bury them there.Civil surgeon A K Chaudhary said, \"These (expired) medicines should be disposed of at a place where there is less population and no source of ground water. If the medicines are dumped near a ground water source, the harmful chemicals may get mixed with water and can harm anybody who uses the water.\"The Ranchi Municipal Corporation has assigned Biogenetics, a company from Ramgarh, to collect and dispose of the bio-medical wastes of hospitals and nursing homes but the medicine stores do not come in its operation area.Asked about the medicines thrown behind the stadium, RMC health officer Dr Rajan Singh said, \"The civil surgeon issues drug license to medical stores, so it should be his responsibility to keep tabs on their waste disposal. We do not know who disposed of the medicines there but we will get them removed. We will also send a notice to all medical stores and think over bringing the medical stores under the operation area of Biogenetics.\"Chaudhary denied his involvement. \"Any illegal thing in the RMC area is its responsibility. When they can impose fine on people throwing garbage on road, why don't they take action against them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090733", "title": "Inspect Baga stretch shacks: HC to govt", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday directed the director of tourism to carry out an inspection along the0 Calangute-Baga beach stretch to check if illegal shacks have been erected and whether excess deck beds have be put up by shack owners. The court said that the exercise should be carried out after three weeks.A division bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre passed the order on an application filed by J W D'Souza. The applicant pointed out that the shack owners blatantly defy restrictions imposed by the department of tourism. During the hearing, amicus curiae Norma Alvares argued that despite earlier directions from the high court, illegalities continue along the Calangute-Baga beach stretch. Government advocate Vivek Rodrigues stated that the demolition squad had started operations on December 21, 2011, from Sauntavaddo in Calangute, to demolish illegal shacks and illegal deck beds on the beach. The operations would continue in the area, he said.The high court bench, thereafter, directed the director of tourism to carry out the inspection of beach stretch after three weeks and file a compliance report. The court also directed that if any illegalities were found during the inspection, the department should take steps for complying with the court's earlier order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12092302", "title": "Twin wins boost Romney\u2019s chances for Super Tuesday", "text": "WASHINGTON: Consolidating his front-runner status, Mitt Romney has won two crucial Republican primaries against Rick Santorum in Arizona and Michigan ahead of the March 6 'Super Tuesday' contests in the keenlyfought US presidential nomination race within the party.With 99% of Michigan's precincts reporting, former Massachusetts governor Romney had secured 41% against Santorum's 38%. In Arizona, with 88% of precincts reporting, 64-year-old Romney had bagged 47% against Santorum's 27%.Romney needed to win both states, but especially Michigan , his native state, to assert his ability to overcome the conservative challenge posed by former Pennsylvania senator Santorum.\"I stand ready to lead our party to victory and our nation back to prosperity,\" Romney told a jubilant crowd of supporters. \"It's a critical time in America. We didn't win by a lot, but we won by enough. And that's all that counts,\" Romney said.A Santorum victory in Michigan would have raised questions about how strong a candidate Romney is within his own party. A major victory next week would almost seal Romney's nomination, experts say. Romney has so far won contests in six states - New Hampshire, Florida, Nevada, Maine, Michigan and Arizona - in the race to secure Republican nomination for the November presidential polls. Running close second to Romney in Michigan, Santorum called it a sign of success . A month ago, they didn't know who we are, but they do now,\" Santorum said.\"We all have that responsibility , to make both work and work as well as we can, and it's getting harder out here in America. It's getting harder for people to make ends meet, because we have a government that is crushing us every single day with more taxes, more regulations, and the idea that they know better than you how to run your life,\" he said.\"We need a president who's on the side of rural America, who's on the side of small-town America, and opens up those energy resources for America.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092112", "title": "Foreign firms strike chord with Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Global economies appear to be eyeing for their share of the Madurai pie. In the last three months alone, senior delegates from the US, Australia and China have visited the temple city and urged entrepreneurs here to invest in their countries.All the three delegates - Chinese consul general, Niu Qingbao, US consul general at Chennai, Jennifer A McIntyre and Australian consul general to South India, David Holly visited the city in quick succession, met the entrepreneurial community here and urged them to expand their operations to their countries.During his visit to Madurai in December last, Niu Qingbao said that India has invested more than $400 million in China, but it was very small portion when considered to the overall $105 billion FDI in China. \"Hence, more number of industries should come forward to invest in China,\" Qingbao had told a gathering of the members of Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI).In January, Jennifer A McIntyre made a visit to the city and even opened an 'American Business Corner' ( ABC ) in the city, where the economic policies, business prospects and related information would be made available to the entrepreneurial community in South Tamil Nadu. James Golsen, principal commercial officer at the consulate, who accompanied McIntyre, said that Madurai was chosen for American Business Corner, because, among the tier-II cities, a lot of growth was happening here. \"Madurai is the first city to get such a centre in the country among tier-II cities,\" he said.The Australians, meanwhile, went a step ahead and have already embarked on a goodwill gesture to convert the house of late chief minister Kamaraj into a memorial.But is Madurai ready for the big leap? A Kathir Kamanathan, CEO of Chella Software, exporting IT components from Madurai, says, \"Madurai entrepreneurs are ready and prepared to fight with international players. The confidence level is high.\" For instance, he cites the case of his friend Radhakrishnan, who recently started an IT firm, in Melbourne .Industrialists here estimate that the total overseas investment by business community in Madurai would be just around Rs 100 crore. \"People from Madurai have invested in countries like Indonesia, Vietnam and Sri Lanka in sectors like edible oil and chemicals,\" says N Jegatheesan, president, TNCCI. However, so far, no big players have invested abroad, he said.\"These countries feel that economic growth is fast in cities like Madurai. The export and import data also indicates that the tier-II cities have a better growth rate. Madurai right now has a foothold in export of granite, textile and jasmine and IT components. It is to explore the possibilities of attracting investment and inform us about the opportunities there that the delegates visited here,\" he said. They were also looking for joint venture possibilities, he said. Kathir Kamanathan, who attended one of the meetings, said that the foreign delegates were keen on attracting investments in real estate and stocks. \"They are not just looking to attract investments but are also exploring opportunities for making a foothold in Madurai,\" he said.V Neethi Mohan, chairman of Young Entrepreneurs School, whose Vaigai Agro-Products has invested in countries like Sri Lanka, Indonesia, shares the same view and states that the developed nations want to expand their market deep south. \"In any case, Madurai is rich with talent and entrepreneurial skills,\" he says.Another industrialist however, noted that though the climate was conducive for overseas investment, there are no enough reasons to go abroad. \"If firecracker unit owners from Sivakasi have invested in China, it is because the Chinese laws are liberal than India. But there is no reason why other industries should follow that when we have lot of room for expansion here itself,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091435", "title": "Auto driver, two others assault city bus driver", "text": "NASHIK: An autorickshaw driver and two others assaulted a city bus driver in the Nashik Road area on Thursday morning. The police have arrested the auto driver, Sitaram Gopal, but the other two are still missing.According to the Nashik Road police, bus driver Subhash Devkar (43), a resident of Panchavati, accidentally hit Gopal's autorickshaw that was passing in front of the bus around 11am. The auto was pushed onto the road divider.Gopal started arguing with Devkar and dragged him out of the bus. Two others, who were with the auto driver, also started beating up Devkar. The passengers in the bus, mostly schoolchildren and teachers, contacted the police and informed them about the incident.By the time the police reached, Gopal and the other two fled the scene. Devkar lodged a complaint at the Nashik Road police station. The police later picked up Gopal.A similar incident had happened on February 10, when an auto driver, Ravindra Pawar (23), got into an argument with traffic constable Prabhakar Sonawane when he was asked to move his vehicle from a no-parking zone. Pawar started beating up the constable and poured petrol on himself and the cop. He threatened to immolate both of them, but was overpowered and arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12094662", "title": "Intel launches Future Scientist Programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global chip giant Intel launched the Future Scientist Programme, which aims to train science teachers in delivering the curriculum in an enquiry-based manner to the students.\"Today, what is required is a more engaging way of teaching rather than just teaching what is there in the course. Kindling the spirit of enquiry will be very crucial for India's continued growth as a knowledge economy,\" Intel President India and Vice President (Technology, Manufacturing and Enterprise Services Group) Praveen Vishakantaiah said here.Under the programme, Intel will work with NGOs, social organisations and state governments to execute the roll out of the programme, helping students develop scientific skills and expertise.The programme consists of seven modules that are delivered over two days of training comprising enquiry-based learning, facilitating scientific inquiry from the classroom to the science fair.\"Technology is amongst the greatest tools to advance education and we need innovative programs that have challenging curricula to prepare our students for the careers of the future,\" he said.Intel already runs various education initiatives in the country. It has been working with government and other decision making bodies since 1999 to improve teaching and learning in both formal and informal educational environments through the effective use of technology.Its programmes include Intel Teach, Intel Learn, Initiative for Research and Innovation in Science (IRIS), Intel Higher Education programme, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095245", "title": "Dia Mirza targets cruelty of exotic skins in punchy new peta ad", "text": "Dressed as a Snake, Bollywood Star Declares, 'Wild Animals Belong in the Wild, Not in Your Wardrobe'.Wearing a fake snakeskin, Bollywood actor and Miss Asia Pacific 2000 Dia Mirza appears in a new ad for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India just in time for Lakme Fashion Week which takes place 2nd to 6th March in Mumbai. The caption reads, \"\"Face It: Exotic Skins Kill. Wild Animals Belong in the Wild, Not in Your Wardrobe\"\". The attention-grabbing ad, in which Mirza is \"\"bloodied\"\" to make it look as if she skinned alive - which is the case for many of the snakes used in the skin trade - was shot by ace photographer and longtime PETA friend Jatin Kampani. Nahush Pise applied the stunning make-up, and credit for the costume and styling goes to Theia Tekchandaney.\"Skinning animals alive or beating them to death for a pair of boots or a purse cannot be justified\", says Mirza, an ardent PETA India supporter. \"\"By choosing widely available fake snake and mock croc, you can pay tribute to these animals' beauty without stealing their skins and killing them.\"Snakes, alligators and other exotic animals suffer greatly before their skins are turned into shoes, bags and other products. Snakes are often nailed to trees or posts and skinned alive. After the animals' peeled and mutilated bodies are discarded, it can take hours for them to die - usually from shock or dehydration. Alligators are often crammed into small spaces on factory farms and then beaten to death with hammers or axes. An undercover video narrated by Joaquin Phoenix - available to view on PETAIndia.com - shows how snakes are skinned alive and how lizards are snared in the wild before they, too, are skinned.Mirza joins fellow actor Raveena Tandon-Thadani, who also posed for a PETA India ad against the cruel exotic-skins trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091365", "title": "Cigarettes worth Rs 6.94 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: Seven bags with 14 cartons of cigarettes, worth Rs 6.94 lakh, were stolen from the premises of a transport company situated near Jehangir hospital on Sunday.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Girish Hemant Phadkar (40) of Dehu road with the Bund Garden police station.The police said that an agency in the city wanted to send 40 cartons of cigarettes to Hyderabad. The consignment was given to the transport company on February 24. \"The company was going to send the cartons to Hyderabad early on Sunday,\" said assistant police inspector S L Dubal, of the Bund Garden police station.When employees of the transport company started loading the truck, they found that seven of the 20 cartons were missing. \"They immediately informed the police control room. We too searched in the area, but found nothing,\" Dubal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092181", "title": "She lay in water for 15-20 mins: schoolmates", "text": "BANGALORE: Monday's tragic drowning of 12-year-old Shabarin Taj at an amusement park in Bidadi has taken a new twist with four of the girl's schoolmates telling police that she was lying motionless in the water anywhere between 15 and 20 minutes.Authorities in WonderLa had claimed that their lifeguards had pulled out Shabarin within 15 seconds of the girl falling into the park pool around 3.30pm.The four children also told Bidadi police that there were no lifeguards around when Shabarin drowned between 1.30pm and 2pm.The four children were among 140 students of Matha English School, RT Nagar, who were taken on the fateful picnic to WonderLa theme park. On Wednesday, they were taken to the theme park where they narrated to police the sequence of events. The children later recorded their statements in the Bidadi police station.Asked how they are sure of the time, the children told the cops: \"We first heard a guard saying a girl is lying facedown for nearly 20 minutes and the school authorities were unaware of it. We then looked into the pool and found that it was none other than Shabarin. She was lying motionless, facedown. A teacher then rushed and pulled out the girl with help from the guards.\"\"The incident happened between 1.30pm and 2pm. We finished our lunch around 1pm and immediately went to the pool. A little later, we saw Shabarin fighting for rubber tube with others,\" the eyewitnesses said.The children also said that their friend died in WonderLa itself, not at hospital, as had been claimed. \"Around 3pm, we were asked to go back to the bus and all of us rushed out of WonderLa,\" they revealed.However, Bidadi police refused to divulge details of the statement, saying \"it is subjudice\". \"We will give details once inquiry is over,\" said inspector B Bhaskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090681", "title": "Government suspends 4 civil surgeons", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said in the legislative council on Wednesday that the state government had suspended four civil surgeons and taken action against other medical officers in connection with irregularities detected under their jurisdiction or for laxity on their part.Replying to the call attention notice of Satish Kumar , Choubey said that civil surgeons of East Champaran, Saran and Rohtas districts had been suspended for irregularities committed in the appointment of dentists. With respect to Saran district, this irregularity had been committed in July last year, he added.On the adjournment motion of Basudeo Singh, Choubey said he had also issued orders for the suspension of civil surgeon and drug inspector of Gaya for their lapses. FIRs had also been lodged against the guilty in connection with distribution of expired medicine at Purnia, Munger, Samastipur and Begusarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12096399", "title": "Pakistan moves Interpol for Musharraf's arrest", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities have sent a formal request to Interpol to issue a Red Corner Notice for former military ruler Pervez Musharraf , currently living outside the country in self-exile.The move was taken so that he can be arrested and brought back to the country to face trial in connection with the assassination of Benazir Bhutto.The Federal Investigation Agency yesterday sent the request to the Director of Interpol in Pakistan, official sources said today.FIA Special Prosecutor Mohammad Azhar Chaudhry confirmed to the media that the process to bring Musharraf back to Pakistan had begun.Interior minister Rehman Malik last week announced that the government would bring Musharraf back to face trial for his alleged failure to provide security to former premier Benazir Bhutto at the time of her assassination in 2007 despite being aware of threats to her life.Musharraf has been declared a \"proclaimed offender\" or fugitive by an anti-terrorism court conducting the trial of seven persons accused of involvement in the assassination.The court also directed authorities to seize Musharraf's assets and to freeze his bank accounts.Special Prosecutor Chaudhry said an officer of the FIA's joint investigation team probing the assassination had handed over an application for the Red Corner Notice to Interpol's representative in Pakistan.After scrutinising the application, the Interpol representative will forward it to Interpol headquarters in France, he said.Once the Red Corner Notice is issued, Musharraf can be detained anywhere in the world and brought back to Pakistan so that he can be produced in court, official sources said.Musharraf has been living in London and Dubai since he left Pakistan in early 2009 after several criminal and civil cases were filed against him across the country.Meanwhile, a media report today said the British government may not extradite Musharraf even if Pakistan obtains a Red Corner Notice against him as the two countries do not have an extradition treaty.The News daily, quoting a senior unnamed British diplomatic source said that not only Musharraf but a number of people from various countries living in Britain are wanted by their governments on different counts.As long as they obey the law in Britain, they are not deported, the source claimed.Musharraf has not sought asylum in Britain but is staying as a guest who respects \"British laws faithfully\", the daily quoted its sources as saying.\"We have no problem with his staying in the United Kingdom,\" a source said.Musharraf recently put off his plans to return to Pakistan in March after the government warned that he would be arrested on arrival.The former dictator had planned to return to the country to lead his All Pakistan Muslim League party in the next general election.He has denied allegations that he was in any way involved in Bhutto's assassination and said he is willing to face Pakistani courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091711", "title": "Unnecessary hurdles due to apathy: Doctors", "text": "From early diagnosis and lack of educational facilities to a society that experts say does not have the emotional quotient to accept differently-abled children-all make life a lonely struggle for children that their parents. Doctors and organizations that work with special children blame the \"sorry state of affairs\" on lack of awareness and apathy. \"It starts from the very beginning ; simply getting a correct diagnosis and following up on subsequent treatment is a problem,\" said Chitra Iyer, president of Forum for Autism. While lack of early diagnosis is a problem, it is especially true for mental and learning disabilities.\"There is no particular protocol for the treatment even if a disability is diagnosed. Parents have to follow the trialand-error method. They have to try everything under the sun to find out what works for their child,\" said Iyer, who is a mother of a 13-year-old suffering from autism, cerebral palsy and seizures. Nursing care, too, is very expensive. It doesn't help that even basic infrastructure in Mumbai barely acknowledges differently-abled people. Dr Ketna Mehta, founder of Nina Foundation-an NGO that works with people suffering from spinal injuries-says that rehabilitation is as important as medical intervention.\"There are a few half-way homes in the city where disabled children can learn according to their capabilities. And when they turn 16, more often than not they are left to fend for themselves. As soon as an individual starts working and earning , even society starts looking at them differently. So it is important for us to help them become independent,\" she said. Citing the example of an autistic child who was not allowed to board an international flight because of his condition, developmental paediatric Dr Vibha Krishnamurty says that the public domain needs to be more sensitized .\"Between 0-6 years, when the disability can be picked up and treated well, nobody thinks that there may be a disability in the child-not unless it is glaringly visible. Even paediatricians and teachers tend to wait for the child to grow up and expect the disability to correct itself,\" she said. Schools are becoming more inclusive , but other parents, children and faculty also need to be sensitized. \"Other children and their parents can make it very difficult for a differently-abled child Even if there is inclusion in the mainstream, there is lack of compassion . For example, students end up teasing those with learning disabilities by calling them 'stupid' , 'idiot' or 'dumb' -seemingly tame words, but they may really affect the child's psyche,\" said Krishnamurty. According to Manju Chatterji, deputy director at Abled Disabled All People Together (Adapt), what the society lacks is the patience to listen and understand. \"We talk about acceptance in schools, but more often than not, the disabled child does not have friends.Young adults do not have anywhere to go to socialize. And most of all, society doesn't care enough to make friends with the differently abled because it takes time and effort to understand them and befriend them,\" said Chatterji. Dr Hetal Marfatia Patel, associate professor of ENT at KEM Hospital says that it is difficult for the differently-abled-especially those with limited financial means-to gain acceptance. \"For instance, most hearing disabilities can be cured. But instead of doing something to help patients , society just shuns them,\" said Patel. In most developed nations , children with hearing disabilities lead lives no different from other members of society.They enjoy the same opportunities be they in the classroom or the playground. But here, the government and society is doing little to help people with disabilities that can be overcome with the help of technology. There are, however, happy exceptions . KEM Hospital along with actor Salman Khan started a 'hEAR FOR ALL club' , where patients can get hearing aids and implants that usually cost anywhere between Rs 1-5 lakh. Experts and doctors say that a lot more needs to be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090275", "title": "Nagpur-born NRI scaling political heights in US", "text": "NAGPUR: The American dream may be conceived by a million Indians. Few, however, can scale the heights that city-born NRI Ashok Khare could. Rubbing shoulders with the political bigwigs in USA, Khare himself holds several positions of responsibility in the state of Pennsylvania. This sure is a long way from the late 60s when he entered the American coast with only eight dollars in his pocket.He was in the city earlier this week to visit his cousin and well-known architect Virendra Khare. The alumnus of Indian Institute of technology, Kanpur has also established himself as a renowned businessman and engineer too. Having worked with some of the best companies of the country, he went on to establish a consultancy of his own. Armed with more than 20 American and Indian patents, Khare even got his bachelor's thesis an Indian patent. In fact, he even went on to become the president of the American Society for Metals (ASM) at the turn of the century, the first non-white to rise to the position.While most American-Indians cry hoarse in support of Democrats, he is among the few who support the ideologies of the Grand Old Party of American politics. \"While Republicans believe in creating an atmosphere where people can get the best they can, the Democrats believe in doing the best for the people,\" he said. His unfaltering support of the party has earned him a place of respect among the political commentators of US, too who call him the kingmaker. \"Anybody running in the elections in the state has to talk to me,\" simplified Khare.Currently, he is the special assistant to the secretary of the state's department of community and economic development. \"Our job is to create job opportunities for the youngsters in the state. My position is at par with that of a minister's,\" he explained. Does he not get odd looks given his Indian background and the belief among his countrymen that all their opportunities have been Bangalored? \"I prefer looking at the big picture. If not for India, those outsourcing jobs would have gone elsewhere. We would rather work on our strength which is manufacturing goods to be sold all over the world,\" said Khare.Khare is optimistic about the future in spite of global downturn. A prospect that excites him about Pennsylvania is the prediction that the state may take over Saudi Arabia in gas production in a couple of decades. \"Any government cannot claim to create jobs. It can only create an environment suited for the survival of businesses,\" he said. Visiting India after twelve years, the differences startled Khare for sure. \"People here are richer now; there are too many cars on the roads. They have also become more knowledgeable,\" he exclaimed. He believes that the Indian students have a phenomenal future in the US provided they are bright and hard-working. \"They would definitely have more opportunities than us as Brand India has been established in all industries,\" remarked Khare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091671", "title": "Discovery, beyond channels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi has become a more environmentally sensitive city than it ever was. And it is the city's children who have taken the lead in going green. Over 2,000 eco-clubs in various schools have not only trained them in sustainable practices like paper recycling and water conservation but made them aware individuals.The city offers a wide variety of programmes that can help children get closer to nature and appreciate our eco-heritage. The government-sponsored eco-clubs at the school level are a fantastic way of participating in environment programmes. Students are encouraged to adopt green practices at home and community with help from trained teachers.\"We have involved several NGOs to help out the schools. They organize sessions on paper recycling, compost-making, mushroom culture and waste recycling among others. Tree plantation is another activity that the children are involved in,\" says a Delhi government official involved with the eco-club programme.Schools have tie-ups with other agencies like the WWF, Centre for Science and Environment and the Intach as well. The WWF is even open to organizing nature trails with children even if these are not sponsored by their schools. \"Normally we prefer to hold our nature walks and sensitization programmes with schools but if a sizable group of youngsters approaches us, we do take them on as well. Trips to Sanjay Van and Lodhi Garden are common where one can learn about the native tree species, butterflies and birds,\" says an WWF official.Youngsters interested specifically in bird watching have a huge pool of experience to draw from. The Delhi Birders, a group of dedicated bird lovers in the city, organizes regular weekly walks to birding destinations across the city, including the Bhatti mines, Aravalli and Yamuna bio-diversity parks, Okhla Bird Sanctuary and Sultanpur.Surya Prakash, a member of the Delhi Bird Club, is involved in several initiation programmes for children. \"Usually I conduct my nature walks in co-ordination with schools but if there are children serious about taking this up as a hobby, they are more than welcome to join us. They can start by applying to the birding group that only requires an online registration,\" he says.The two bio-diversity parks in the city are also open to public and welcome children keen to learn more. Faiyaz Khudsar, director of the Yamuna bio-diversity park, says: \"Schools often bring students to us but even families come here very often. The bio-diversity park has a lot to offer in terms of great birding, a butterfly park, local species of trees etc. If we are informed of visits in advance, we can make suitable arrangements.\"Rakesh Khatri, executive director of the Nature Foundation India, has come up with another novel environment training programme for children. Khatri teaches school children how to make sparrow nests. \"Sparrow numbers are declining in the city largely due to shortage of nesting space. I teach children how to make sparrow nests using coconuts. We also organize environment summer camps where we take children closer to nature, focusing on sustainability and conservation,\" he says.What is great about being involved with the environment is that one doesn't need to attend classes for it. In Vasant Kunj, a group of youngsters came together to stop people in the colony from wasting water. The team goes around the colony each day, asking people to switch off their water pumps if their tanks are overflowing.Vaishnavi Varadrajan was in Class X when she and her friends started touring their colony to stop people from wasting water. \"We used to see overflowing tanks in the morning when going to school. My friends and I, including some other children from junior classes, started visiting homes and asked residents to turn off their motors so that tanks would not overflow. Some of them were of course not happy and used to set their dogs at us,\" she says.In Asiad Village, another group of friends in the age group of 10-14 years took up the maintenance of a neighbourhood park. They painted the fence, planted trees and watered the plants. Next on their agenda is to ensure that waste in the colony is disposed of properly.Aditya Gupta, a student of an east Delhi school, says, \"Environment is an important subject in school and we are encouraged to take up green activities at home or in the colony. In my area, my friends and I have adopted a park and each Sunday we teach younger children in the colony about ways to save water and electricity. Sometimes a neighbour joins in to talk about plants and animals.\"\"It is extremely encouraging to know that when elders seem to be unconcerned, Delhi's children are taking a lead in saving the environment.The city offers a wide variety of nature-related activities that do not require too much school time or money. Even if it is something as simple as adopting a park, children learn a huge amount about their surrounding environment while becoming responsible citizens,\" said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12091970", "title": "Media outcry led to arrest of CM kin", "text": "KOLKATA: The four youths accused in the alleged assault on policemen at Kidderpore on Tuesday morning were initially let off although the Vidyasagar Setu traffic guard OC insisted on filing a complaint. They were arrested four hours after the incident - only after chief minister Mamata Banerjee asked the city police top brass to act. Why did police let off the four suspects when they were accused in such a serious charge as manhandling policemen ?Special commissioner of Kolkata Police Sivaji Ghosh said they will probe why the accused were let off and by whom. \"There is a complaint. We will be inquiring into it,\" he said. In fact, police acted only after news of the manhandling of policemen erupted in the media.The fact that the arrest was made only after the chief minister Mamata Banerjee gave the green signal became evident in the press conference of the special commissioner of police . Ghosh said, \"The arrests were made after the chief minister and senior officers ordered to do so.\"Here, too, the accused might have driven away but for a band of locals who had seen the incident and gheraoed the SUV. Stunned by the arrogance and audacity of the youths, the crowd insisted that they be taken to the police station.But the attempt of hushing up the case was evident when the officer-in-charge Kafil Ahmed Hasmi initially refused to acknowledge that anyone had been detained for manhandling police personnel. What's more shocking, some outsiders walked into the police station and escorted Akash out as police stood by.It seems Akash had challenged the law and gotten away with it earlier also. He and four companions - including a woman - had taken the same vehicle (WB06H-5686 ) to the Indian Botanic Garden on February 4 and February 19 beyond the visiting hours.\"On both occasions, they took chief minister Mamata Banerjee's name. They said that Akash Banerjee was the nephew of the chief minister . They drove into the garden with their vehicle and stayed inside the garden more than an hour,\" said Indian Botanic Garden director Dr H SDebnath. The visitors' book and vehicle register carry the names of Akash Banerjee and the registration number of the vehicle. The SUV is quite well known in the port area. It is owned by Asgar Khan, a transporter, but is often used by these four youths, say sources. \"The vehicle is found zipping past the crossings at a high speed, often violating signals,\" said a traffic constable at Kidderpore crossing. Even on Wednesday, the group would have got away with it but for the tight bandobast for the Madhyamik examination , say police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092357", "title": "Court acquits murder accused for want of evidence", "text": "KANPUR: Due to lack of evidence, additional district and sessions judge (IX) of Kanpur Nagar, Sanjay Khare acquitted a murder accused, Mukesh Awasthi, on Wednesday. The prosecution had charged Awasthi, a resident of Harbans Mohal, with murder of his friend and destroying the evidence of crime. According to the prosecution story, one Rajeev Kumar Tripathi had lodged a report on January 1, 2007, that his brother Manoj Kumar alias Munna, a petty street vendor, was missing since December 31, 2006.The complainant stated that when Manoj did not return on January 1, Rajeev and his cousin started searching for him. They went to the house of Manoj's friend Awasthi.They found the room locked and a crowd pointing towards the nearby drain. There, they found a beheaded body (only head) which they identified as that of Manoj. Manoj's bag and jacket were lying nearby. They lodged a report against Awasthi. The police later recovered the headless body from Awasthi's room. The presiding judge, in his order, observed that there was no eyewitness who could tell how Manoj reached Awasthi's room and how assailant walked away from the main gate when it was locked.Moreover, the police claimed that a 'chapar', weapon used in the murder, was found wrapped in a newspaper, but in the court room when the evidence box was opened, newspaper was missing. The police had not recorded the statements of residents of that house from where the weapon was recovered. In the absence of evidence, the accused was acquitted by the judge.Judge orders probe in gangrape case: Order: Additional chief judicial magistrate (I), Ramabai Nagar, Harvindar Singh on Wednesday admitted a complaint filed under 156(3) CrPC by one Kalpana (changed name), and ordered to register a case under appropriate sections against a person, accused in the complaint and investigate the matter. The complainant had alleged that she was a victim of gangrape committed by Suraj Verma, Rahul Saxena and others on November 8, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090113", "title": "Israeli students see life up close in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Three weeks may seem like a short time to make a difference in someone's life. Six undergraduate girls from Israel , though, tried doing just that when they visited the city last month. These students of social work visited orphanages and slums in the city in order to study their chosen vocation, touching the lives of many kids and getting some life lessons themselves in the deal.Working with volunteers from city-based Matru Sewa Sangh Institute of Social Work and Vardaan, the girls spent their time learning the problems of the people in Kachhipura and Kaushalya Nagar slums, interacting with street children and observing the operations of an Indian orphanage. Tal Alon, Tal Feingold, Noam Adal, Maayan Michaely, Chan Chansav and Jenny Lachman of the School of Social Work run by Sapir College in the Israeli city Hof Ashkelon and were accompanied by their teacher Rebecca Ranz.\"This programme has been designed by the head of our department Orit Nuttman-Schwartz. She wished to arm all our students with global exposure that would also help them build ideas and a perspectives of their own,\" informed Ranz. She said her students had forged some beautiful ties with their Indian counterparts.The students were expected to learn the similarities and differences between the Indian and Israeli social structures and social work modules. And what did they learn? Alon pointed out that the kind of importance the children's rights get in India is not accorded in her country and wished that could be changed. Adal said domestic violence was a major problem in both the nations and she learnt more ways of handling it from the Indian social workers.\"We don't have as much poverty and there are no slums in our country and that makes the issue more complicated here,\" she added. \"Both the societies have different family and community structures. Instead of pointing out what was missing here, we concentrated on what we could do about the situation,\" said Feingold.The language barrier didn't really pose a problem for the girls as they had an interpreter with them. \"Emotional expression was a problem. Through activities like making them draw their dreams, though, we tried understanding their aspirations and difficulties,\" said Michaely.It wasn't all work and no play for the girls. Every Sunday, they were taken around the city and were in awe of what they saw. They were especially awed by the architecture of Deekshabhoomi. Lachman was taken in by the warmth showered by the hosts. Chansav admired the intelligence and courage of Indians in fighting many grave social issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090751", "title": "State Information Commission to hold two-day meet on RTI Act", "text": "PATNA: A two-day international conference will be organized here on March 2 and 3 on 'Six Years of Right To Information Act (2005)- Road Ahead' under the aegis of State Information Commission (SIC).Information commissioners from different countries and RTI activists will interact with their counterparts in India and the World Bank officials from different countries active in supporting the RTI. The objective of the first international conference on RTI in India is to create mass awareness about the role of RTI in getting vital information, said chief information commissioner, Bihar, A K Chaudhary while talking to newsmen here.Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who will be the chief guest, will release on March 2 the RTI Act, 2005, and RTI Rules in Urdu language and in Braille script for the visually challenged people, who account for 1% of the population in Bihar, he said. The CM will also release a compilation in English of RTI-related case laws ruled by the Supreme Court and different high courts, he said. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi will chair the inaugural session.The international conference will be attended by dignitaries from within the country and abroad.State information commissioner Farzand Ahmad said the Urdu version of compilation of RTI case laws of the Supreme Court and different high courts will be ready in next 2-3 months and the CM will release it then. He said the Bihar SIC has reached the number one status in the country through innovations and creative measures. Chaudhary said that the SIC has disposed of 65,455 RTI applications out of 70,353 received.The SIC's latest move is to hear the RTI cases virtually at the doorstep of rural people through video conferencing facility to be provided at the block headquarters in near future under a direct-to-home concept. State Information Commissioner S Vijayraghvan said technology has made the hearing and disposal of RTI appeals easier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090328", "title": "Woman booked for Rs 40L fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: An offence of cheating was registered against a woman on Tuesday at Sitabuldi police station for a fraud to the tune of 40 lakh. Kshipra Abhyankar was charged with cheating after she rejected the proposal to sale a plot to the complainant.Ajay Agrawal filed a complaint before the police stating that Abhyankar had taken 40 lakh from him as an advance for a piece of plot. As the plot was in the name of Abhyankar's minor daughter, the woman had also filed a petition before the court along with related records for permission to proceed with the property sale.Agrawal was surprised when Abhyankar backtracked, leaving the complainant high and dry despite paying a hefty advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12091616", "title": "Failing to pay fee, child barred from taking exam", "text": "PANCHKULA: A student of class V was not allowed to take his exam on Wednesday morning due to non-payment of school fee on time. The tearful pleas of the child did not move the school authorities.Kunal Chugh, 10, a student of Blue Bird High School, Sector 16, Panchkula, later rushed to the shop of his father, Praveen Chugh, in Sector 16, who in turn met Panchkula district education officer Nalini Mimani to apprise her of what the school authorities did.\"It was my son's final exam today. When he was waiting for the answer sheets to be distributed, a teacher came and told him that he won't be allowed to take the exam. Kunal requested the authorities to talk to me but they made him stand for three hours and did not allow him to take the exam. My son kept on crying till 12.30pm but none of them paid any heed,\" said Praveen, resident of Sector 9, Panchkula.On being contacted by TOI Mimani said, \"The father of the child did contact me and told me what all happened. Whenever such a case happens where a child's fee is not paid, the school authorities are not allowed to bar the child from taking an exam. They can impose fine and it can be paid in the next installment. An inquiry would be ordered into this matter on Thursday morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089616", "title": "Govt working to ease overcrowding in state jails", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state's jails are battling the issue of overcrowding, with over 25 per cent more prisoners packed in jails which have capacity of accommodating 9,276 inmates.In reply to Shailesh Parmar's question, the state government said that as on December 31, 2011, the jails had capacity of 9,276 prisoners. The government has in the reply admitted that there were 5,410 prisoners in the year 2009-10. It further said that with the opening of more jails, there was a considerable drop in overcrowding.In the year 2010-11, there were just 2,399 prisoners more than the capacity. The government said that it has started Gondal and Amreli sub jails and Parala jail in Bhuj to tackle the problem. Parala is a special jail.The government added that construction of the Patan, Dahod and Galpadar sub jails are going on. It alsot stated that the Mehsana, Rajkot and Surat sub jails have been converted to central jails.In reply to another question of Bhanuben Barbaria, Rajkot rural MLA, the government has stated that the Ahmedabad central jail has capacity to house 2,586 inmates. Admitting that the Ahmedabad central jail was also over crowded, the government said that 200 new cells are being constructed and a new barrack to house 200 juvenile prisoners is under construction.In the year 2012-13, the government is planning to have 10 new barracks in a two-storey building. Also, a separate jail to house 200 women inmates has also been constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092135", "title": "Karnataka, Kerala sweep ComedK", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka bagged four ranks among the top 10 in the ComedK medical PGET (Post-graduate Entrance Test), but it was candidates from Kerala who swept the top ranks, including 1, 2, 6 and 7. Andhra Pradesh and Chandigarh took one rank each. This year, except for three boys, it was girls who stole the show.While Karnataka accounted for only 25% of students who appeared for the Comed-K (Consortium of Medical Dental and Engineering Colleges of Karnataka) test, around 30% of the total eligible candidates were from here.For many, ComedK is only a backup. Padma Menon from Kerala, a rank 1 in Manipal and rank 22 in Jipmer (Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research), who topped the exam, is waiting for the results of the all-India entrance exam. \"I would like to take up radio diagnosis. It is a good stream for women and needs no superspecialization,\" she told TOI from Ernakulam.Among the top students from Karnataka, two were from Bangalore and one each from Mysore and Mangalore.For medical PG, 12,909 candidates applied for the test. Of this, 25% (3,246 candidates) were from Karnataka. The total ranks announced in the medical stream is 9,702 with 2,758 candidates from the state.A total of 5,509 candidates applied for dental PG entrance test; 85% (4,683 candidates) were from outside the state. As many as 4,112 candidates were eligible to participate in the seat selection process. Of them, 16% (661 candidates) are from Karnataka.Prerna Jain, a Delhiite, topped the dental exam. A graduate from Manipal University, Prerna plans to take up orthodontics. \"It is not taught extensively during UG classes. I want to explore it further,\" she said.Four candidates from Maharashtra feature among the top 10. Apart from Noor Saira Wajid Najma Hajira (rank 9 in RGUHS PGET), it was Aman Sachdev from Mangalore who figured in the top 10 from the state. Rank five was from Maharashtra and rank 6 from Gujarat.ComedK PGET 2012 was conducted on February 12, 2012.The seat selection process will be held in April 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092031", "title": "Kidnap drama turns out to be \u2018STF operation\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: It was just around 11 in the morning on Wednesday. The College Street was chock-a-block with traffic, students and office-goers . Suddenly, they all were surprised to see two muscular men attacking a youth from behind. They tried to gag the youth with a piece of black cloth and overpowered him. After getting over the initial shock, bystanders ran towards the spot and saw three other men get off a white Bolero parked on the road and bundle the youth into it.When people enquired what was happening , one of the persons in the vehicle claimed they were from a mental hospital and were rescuing a mentally deranged youth. But when the youth cried for help, the locals smelled a rat and challenged the men.Sensing trouble, the car started moving, leaving one person behind.\"The person who was trying to explain the situation could not board the vehicle when it sped away. He ran after it for around 100 yards and caught up with it at a traffic signal. After he hopped onto the vehicle near Mahatma Gandhi Road intersection, it took a sharp right turn and sped away towards Sealdah ,\" said Rita Das, a pedestrian who had witnessed the incident.\"The youth was in his mid-20 s, tall and in black trousers. Carrying a backpack , he had just exited from College Square near Hare School when the men in the white vehicle accosted him,\" said Swarnajit Das, an employee of Matri Mondir Book stall, who also witnessed the incident.Suspecting a daring daylight abduction, locals noted down the registration number of the vehicle: WB20G 5002. They informed the Jorasanko police . Officers started a probe and informed their superiors at Lalbazar police headquarters.A few minutes later, a white Bolero with police written on the windshield hit a motorcycle on SN Banerjee Road near Wellesly. Locals intercepted it and noticed that the registration number in the front - WB20G 5002 - did not match with the number written on the rear plate (WB06B4972). They immediately called a traffic sergeant . The sergeant ordered the driver and passengers to get off. But they refused. Lalbazar was informed. Mysteriously, a few minutes later, the sergeant received a call from the control room, ordering him to release the vehicle.TOI later learnt that the vehicle belonged to the Special Task Force of Kolkata Police. Sources said the youth who had been picked up from College Street, was a suspected Maoist. STF, however, denied any role in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090521", "title": "Malwani doctor foils robbery bid", "text": "MUMBAI: A 45-year-old doctor was attacked by a robber at her Malwani clinic on Wednesday afternoon, but she managed to foil the attempt and got the accused arrested.The complainant, Sunita Dalvi, runs a clinic near Gate 2. She was alone at 12.30pm when the accused walked in, pretending to be a patient.\"The accused whipped out a gun and threatened Dalvi. He asked her to hand over all her gold ornaments and money. Dalvi did as she was told, but she caught the accused unawares when she snatched his gun and raised the alarm,\" an officer said.Passersby caught the accused as he was trying to flee and thrashed him before the cops were summoned. The accused was identified as Suresh Gangavne (32). The gun turned out to be a fake.Gangavne was booked for attempt to robbery, criminal intimidation and trespass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090809", "title": "Lower strata benefit in the scheme of things", "text": "PANAJI: On the social welfare front, the government came up with many schemes for the upliftment of the downtrodden. However, the tribals were not happy with the Congress government and agitated on a number of occasions and on one occasion this resulted in a violent agitation in which two tribal youth died in May, 2011. Tribals have moved away from the support base of the Congress.The MGNREGS is being implemented in the state with 27,710 job cards issued till date. The response from women has been better than men, primarily because men seek higher wages than stipulated by the programme.5.5 crore has been spent on MGNREGS projects in the state for the financial year 2011-12 and 9.7 crore for the year 2010-11. The Goa government has a number of schemes for underprivileged and backward sections of society. An award is given for inter-caste marriage with a member of the scheduled caste wherein an amount of 25,000 was given as financial assistance if a non-SC person married a SC member.Under the housing scheme, financial assistance of 25,000 is provided for new construction; and 12,500 for repair of the house for those families whose income is below 1,20,000 per annum. Under the Housing Scheme for BPL families for construction of house through the Indira Awas Yojana an additional amount of 25,000 is provided for a new construction and 12,500 for upgrading.The social welfare department also provides scholarships for students of families whose annual income less than is 1.2 lakh. From Class I to IV 175 is provided per month. From Class V to VIII 225 is provided per month and Class IX and X students receive 275.Under the meritorious students scholarship scheme, a student obtaining 50% (Class V-VII) and 60% (Class VIII to X) marks in annual examinations receives between 800 to 1,500 annually depending on the Class. Coaching in Maths, Science and English is also provided to secondary students. Financial assistance of 400 per student per month is provided to any NGO running any SC/ST/OBC hostel.Under the Kanya Dhan scheme, a fixed deposit of 25,000 in favour of a girl child enrolled in Class XI is made. A maximum of two girls per family (income limit 1.2 lakh per annum) can avail of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089880", "title": "Patan rapist banks on HC order", "text": "AHMEDABAD: How can a prisoner appear before bank authorities in person to provide identification proof to stop the bank from freezing his account? The Gujarat high court posed the question before the State Bank of India (SBI) for its insistence to implement its Know Your Customer (KYC) scheme.The issue came up when one of the convicts in the Patan PTC college gang rape case, Ashvin Parmar sought temporary bail form HC on the ground that if he failed to appear before the banker with required identification proof, the Chandkheda branch of SBI would close or freeze his account. Freezing of his account might put his family into trouble, for he was yet to get the benefits of the Sixth Pay Commission.Parmar, who has been awarded life imprisonment in 2009, contended that he would have to go personally with original pass book and original documents of identity proof as per the intimation received from the bank in January.When Parmar's application sent from the Sabarmati central jail came up for hearing before justices Jayant Patel and Paresh Upadhyay, they observed that the system of undertaking KYC even if it is under RBI guidelines or instructions, it can be done by calling upon the account holder to produce the photocopy of document or photograph.The judges further noted that bank's insistence that presence of account holder can be dispensed with because it may create inability on the part of large number of convicts who are in jail. \"When the convict is already in jail, there is no reason for the Bank not to accept the document duly certified or attested as true copy if produced by any authorised representative of the account holder,\" with this observation the HC was to issue directions to the bank authority in this regard.However, the judges felt it proper to hear the bank authorities before issuing directions that the bank should not insist on presence of the account holder while delivering the identification proof. The chief general manager was issued notice in this regard, and the bank's lawyer appeared before the court on Tuesday. Further hearing has been kept on March 5 after the court sought manuals and procedures to be followed to implement such scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12095391", "title": "Apple may announce dividend", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc, which today topped a $500 billion market capitalization, will probably start paying a dividend this year, attempting to appease investors who have said the electronics maker is hoarding too much cash.The company is likely to declare a quarterly dividend of about $2 a share before the year is out, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The projections are based in part on the dividends paid by other large technology providers, including Microsoft Corp and International Business Machines Corp.An Apple dividend would be a boon to investors and would probably yield benefits for the company, which has $97.6 billion in cash and investments, and can afford the $7.46 billion a year that a $2 dividend would cost. A dividend could provide a boost to Apple by attracting a new class of investors that only hold stock in dividend-paying companies. Apple also may buy back shares, another move that could lift its stock price.Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said this month that officials are in \"active discussions\" about what to do with the company's cash and investments, saying that the sum is \"more than we need to run a company.\"Cook isn't likely to get much argument from investors.\"Why not do the sensible thing and begin to share part of the capital that any rational person would say is beyond what the company needs to sustain itself with shareholders,\" said Keith Goddard, CEO of Capital Advisors Inc., an Apple shareholder.Other investors that have called on Apple to pay a dividend include Wedgewood Partners Inc. and Sustainable Growth Advisers LP.Predicting a dividend Analysts at Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co, Mizuho Securities USA Inc and Sterne Agee &amp; Leach Inc. also predict that Apple will institute a dividend some time soon.Apple generated $16 billion in cash in the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Shaw Wu, an analyst at Sterne Agee &amp; Leach, predicts Apple will generate about $75 billion in new cash this year alone.In determining its dividend estimate, Bloomberg takes into account the dividend size of other large technology companies, Apple's projected earnings for next year and the amount of money on its balance sheet.Steve Dowling, a spokesman for Apple, declined to comment beyond the remarks made earlier by Cook.Apple rose 1.3 per cent to $542.44 at the close in New York. The shares have climbed 34 per cent this year.Investors' potential benefit A $2-a-quarter dividend would mean hundreds of millions of dollars in new revenue for Apple's top institutional investors.Fidelity Management &amp; Research Co, Apple's biggest investor, stands to make about $97.2 million each quarter, based on its holding of 48.6 million shares at the end of 2011. Vanguard Group Inc., the No. 2 holder, would make $74.4 million, while State Street Corp., Apple's third-largest investor, would make $69.5 million.Instituting a dividend might also provide a long-term boost to Apple's stock price by bringing in investors who are restricted to buying shares in dividend-paying companies, said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C Bernstein &amp; Co, and Sterne Agee's Wu. With interest rates so low, investors are putting more money into dividend-paying stocks that regularly return money to shareholders, Wu said.One-time option Apple may choose to make a one-time distribution, rather than making a quarterly payment, said Doron Nissim, a professor of accounting at Columbia Business School in New York. A single payout would leave investors less vulnerable to subsequent increases in taxes on dividends, while also removing the risk to Apple's stock price if they someday were to end the dividend, he said.Apple last paid a dividend in 1995, before co-founder Steve Jobs returned as CEO and led the introduction of top-selling products including the iPod , iPhone and iPad. The final dividend, of 12 cents a share, was suspended amid leadership upheaval and dwindling computer-market share. According to a company filing, Apple's cash, equivalents and short-term investments dropped by about half, to $491 million, in the year through Sept. 29, 1995.In the years since, Apple has ascended to become the world's most valuable company, with a market value of $505.8 billion, more than Exxon Mobil Corp In January, the company reported record profit of $13.1 billion on sales of $46.3 billion.\"They can pay a very significant amount,\" Columbia's Nissim said.Overseas accounts Still, the amount of cash that Apple can use for dividend payments is limited because the company keeps about 60 per cent of its money in overseas accounts. Apple's taxes were almost $4 billion lower in fiscal 2011 than if it had reported all income was earned in the US, Nissim said. And Apple could ultimately issue a dividend bigger or smaller than $2 a share, or decide not to declare a quarterly payout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090351", "title": "12 IAS officers transferred", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Wednesday transferred 12 IAS officers in a reshuffle, which included a replacement for the finance department head that fell vacant after the elevation of CK Mathew as chief secretary. District collectors for Jalore, Sirohi and Banswara have been appointed, whereas that of Nagaur district has been shifted.The finance department has now been put under Govind Sharma, another long trusted officer of chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Until now Sharma was heading one of the state's top revenue generating departments of mines and petroleum, which would now be under Sudhansh Pant.Ever since the Gehlot government assumed office in December 2008, Pant has been enjoying plum postings like that of commissioner, Jaipur Development Authority and chairman and managing director of Jaipur, Ajmer and Jodhpur power distribution companies.The second most senior bureaucrat in the state, Asha Singh has been shifted from the post of additional chief secretary of Devasthan department to head the Rajasthan state pollution control board (RSPCB) as its chairperson. This department was earlier headed by IAS officer, VS Singh who was handling additional responsibilities. Singh will now look after only Forest and environment department as additional chief secretary.Pankaj who was the chairman and managing director of Rajasthan Small Industries Corporation Ltd has been reposted as principal secretary of the science and technology. Malovika Panwar, who was awaiting posting orders till now, has been posted as principal secretary of the Devasthan department.Member of the Revenue Board, Ajmer, Subodh Agarwal has been appointed divisional commissioner of Udaipur. Agarwal would replace Kunji Lal Meena, who has been moved as chairman and managing director of Jaipur, Ajmer and Jodhpur power distribution companies.SS Bissa, collector of Nagaur, has been given the task of commissioner of information and public relations. IAS officer Anandhi has been made managing director of the Rajasthan State Cooperative Marketing Federation Ltd. Among the three district collectors appointed on Wednesday, Rajesh Sharma goes to Jalore, Kunj Bihari Gupta to Banswara and Banna Lal to Jalore district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094366", "title": "I don't want to be branded: Jayam Ravi", "text": "Jayam Ravi has transformed from chocolate boy to action heroHis upcoming flick, Aadhi Bhagawan, has been delayed extensively and Jayam Ravi makes no bones about it. \"It's been a while since audiences saw me on screen but I'm sure it'll be worth the wait,\" he says confidently, \"It was a difficult phase for me - these past few months - but I'm not the least perturbed. I even had a chat with my good buddies from the industry (Jiiva and Arya) and they said even they had to wait for a while for some of their films. Vikram anna told me the same and assured me it would be worth the wait. We've done a good job on the film and that's the reason for our confidence.\"Post Ameer's Aadi Bhagawan, he'll start work on Kalyan's Bhoologam. Also on the cards is a film with Samuthirakani and perhaps one with brother Jayam Ravi as well. He's currently trying to finalize his look for Bhoologam in which he plays a boxer again. \"We have almost 100 different looks lined up,\" he says, \"We'll freeze on one soon.\"Will the homework he did for M Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi (in which he played a kickboxer) come in handy here? \"Not at all; in fact I'm trying to forget M Kumaran...,\" he reveals, \"As both the films are based on similar themes, there's bound to be comparison. I'm trying my best to see that nothing from that film is repeated here.\" His last release, Engeyum Kadhal, was romantic but also had action. Is he trying to turn 'action hero'? \"Well, I don't want to be branded,\" he says, \"Till Dhaam Dhoom and Peraanmai came along, I was considered a chocolate boy. Those films broke that image and perhaps filmmakers felt that I was a good bet in the action genre too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12096453", "title": "Military action against Iran could threaten Americans: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US is determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons, but fears that any military action against Tehran would create \"greater instability\" in the region and threatens safety of Americans in Afghanistan and Iraq.\"We are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters but said ...\"any military action in that region threatens greater instability.\"Iran borders both Afghanistan and Iraq, Carney said during his daily briefing, adding, \"We have civilian personnel in Iraq, we have military personnel as well as civilians in Afghanistan.\"His remarks come as the Obama administration has said that it wants a political solution to the crisis that includes the IAEA monitoring Tehran's nuclear programme.\"So the fact that we do have inspectors who are able to provide visibility into their programmes does not mean that they have been entirely cooperative, because they have not,\" Carney said.Saying that Washington continued to ratchet pressure on Iran, Carney said ...\"they are subject to broad and increasing sanctions by the United States and the entire international community,\"\"That pressure will continue and it has had an effect on both the economy and on the political leadership,\" he said.The White House, he said, has made very clear that it is not taking any option off the table as it pursues a policy designed to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.\"We believe that the policy that we've been pursing, unifying the international community and pressuring and isolating Tehran, creates the best opportunity for ensuring that Iran does not acquire a nuclear weapon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12092701", "title": "Medico exposes colleague for conducting abortion illegally", "text": "ROHTAK: A doctor exposed another doctor for carrying out an illegal medical termination of pregnancy after conducting a sex determination test in Rewari. The police have booked the doctor and also the woman who underwent abortion on the complaint of a lady doctor on Wednesday.According to information, Anita, wife of Bhup Singh of Bhurthala village came to Saxena hospital for treatment of stomach ache. During treatment, Dr Mitra Saxena found remnants of a foetus in the woman's womb and asked her about her medical history. Anita told Dr Mitra that she had gone in for a sex determination test and then underwent abortion at Dr Narender Yadav's clinic.Rewari SSP Vikas Arora told TOI that Dr Saxena reported the matter to the district authorities after which the police registered a case under various sections of the PNDT Act against Dr Yadav and Anita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090680", "title": "MSRTC staffers to get counselling", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time ever, professional counsellors are being hired on an honorary basis by the MSRTC to address the stress-related psychological problems of more than 40,000 drivers and conductors across the state.MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor said, \"The ghastly incident, in which one of our drivers, Santosh Mane, went berserk on Pune roads on January 25 and killed nine people, is still fresh in our minds. We are trying every possible way to ensure that our drivers don't suffer from depression and are mentally stable at work. This is important in the interest of passenger safety.\"Kapoor added, \"We have issued advertisements in some leading newspapers seeking applications for 63 honorary posts of psychological counsellors. They will be posted at various depots across Maharashtra and will ensure that our drivers, conductors and other employees get free counselling for stress-related problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12092502", "title": "Kishore is dean, college development council", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Quashing the allegations of irregularities in framing qualifications for post of Panjab University (PU) Dean, College Development Council (DCDC) by certain RTI activists to PU Chancellor, vice-president Hamid Ansari, the syndicate on Wednesday approved the appointment of Naval Kishore as DCDC.This top administrative post, accountable for dealing with over 190 affiliated colleges of PU, had been lying vacant for 4 years and filling it up had been a bone of contention between arch rival lobbies of the PU senate and syndicate, who wanted their favourite candidate at the post.Vice-chancellor RC Sobti had constituted a nine-member committee to address the matter following complaints from various quarters to PU chancellor.The committee report, which was revealed at the syndicate on Wednesday, cited \"that the complaint is baseless and bereft of any merit and deserves to be ignored\" and further recommended that the \"vice-chancellor to place the recommendations of selection committee before the syndicate\" the same was done and the House unanimously approved the selection. VC also announced that for the academic session 2012-2013 there will not be any fee hike. Additionally, fee waiver for orphan students has been approved.The syndicate decided that the cases of re-employment would be considered in one go for three years.In the case of prosecution of RK Wanchoo, who was charged of forging documents at his earlier institute National Institute of Technology, Jammu, the syndicate accepted the recommendation received from Dr Wajahat Habibhullah, chairperson, National Commission for Minorities, that the case may be closed citing an earlier similar case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12091254", "title": "Ramcharitmanas in Nagpuri", "text": "GUMLA: A Nagpuri version of Tulsidas' Ramcharitmanas was released by regional language scholars and district authorities in a programme here on Tuesday evening.The religious work of Goswami Tulsidas has been translated by noted Nagpuri litterateur Sahni Upendrapal \"Nahan\" of Gumla, who has several works on the local language.Nahan was assisted by Sanjay Paswan alias Narayan Das Bairagi in the literary work. Krishna Laladhar, the head of department of regional language of B N Jalan College Sisai, said Nagpuri version of the popular religious work has a special significance.\"Some scriptures have never become old and Ramkatha has rekindled the hope of all sections of the society. It is a difficult job to translate any work into Nagpuri as this language is still developing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091213", "title": "90,000 students to sit for SSC exams today", "text": "NASHIK: Near 90,000 students from 973 schools in the district will appear for the secondary school certificate (SSC) examination which begins on Thursday. There are 136 centres and 23 invigilators will be monitoring these examination centres.Of the 88,923 students in the district, there are 81,297 fresh candidates while 7,626 are reappearing for the SSC board examination.Six squads will be deployed to check for cheating or copying of answersheets by students in Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar, Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Committee divisional secretary Bhagwan Suryawanshi said.\"From our end, we are fully prepared to see to it that the exams are conducted smoothly. All the seating and other arrangements are ready,\" Suryawanshi said.Meanwhile, there were concerns in the junior colleges over the science papers of both HSC and SSC falling on the same day, March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092360", "title": "Dysfunctional lifts at court to be repaired soon", "text": "KANPUR: District judge of Kanpur Nagar Om Prakash on Wednesday informed Kanpur Bar Association that out-of-order lying lifts in new court building would be repaired in three months. Addressing the newly elected executive committee at Kanpur Bar Association hall, he said that Allahabad High Court has sanctioned a sum of Rs 1.20 crore for repairing the lifts. Two out of the four lifts would start functioning within a couple of months.The district judge had gone to the KBA hall on the invitation of newly elected executive committee of KBA. KBA general secretary Peeyush Awasthi apprised the district judge about the problems plaguing the judicial process. They drew his attention towards the corruption prevailing in court offices, lack of chairs and other stuff in court premises.The district judge informed the advocates that 400 chairs would be purchased very soon and they would be allotted to the courts for the advocates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092110", "title": "Mamata\u2019s nephew slaps traffic cop, arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: After a series of gaffes on rape cases, chief minister Mamata Banerjee was put to further embarrassment on Wednesday by her nephew Akash Banerjee, who allegedly slapped a traffic constable and assaulted his senior on a busy road in Kolkata.\"Do you know I am? I'm the chief minister's nephew,\" Akash told a stunned constable Aminul Haque.But before that brief speech, Akash allegedly slapped Haque, and traffic sergeant Subir Ghosh stepped in.But Mamata's nephew turned on Ghosh and allegedly started abusing him. \"I was worried that since he was blocking traffic on the adjacent lane, examinees would be stuck. I went up to him and asked him to clear the road. But he insisted that he be allowed to pass. Suddenly, he got off the vehicle and started abusing my driver,\" said Ghosh.The incident triggered shockwaves across the state, but the Mamata government felt it was a minor incident. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim said: \"Such incidents happen in Kolkata. It is unfortunate that the chief minister's name has been dragged in.\" He added, \"The CM has performed her duty and has not allowed personal relations come in the way of governance. Before leaving for Darjeeling, she told me to ensure that Akash is arrested and the police carry out an independent inquiry.\"According to local shopkeepers and passersby, \"Akash shoved Ghosh and said 'I know all about the police and their ways. I will ensure that you get into trouble'.\" Another shop-owner said the car had violated the traffic signal. \"Rather than admit his mistake, the youth slapped the officer,\" he said.Ghosh got in touch with the Watgunge police station. By then a crowd had gathered around the SUV. Officers from Watgunge reached the spot but on coming to know of Akash's identity, tried to play down the incident. Ghosh insisted that he would file a written complaint. Locals wouldn't allow the policemen to let Akash off. He was taken to the Watgunge police station, barely 500 yards away, but the police refused to detain him. They allegedly asked Akash to return in the evening to \"sort out the matter\". Within minutes, some men walked into the police station and walked out with Akash. After completing his rounds, Ghosh returned to submit a complaint.When the news reached Mamata, she ordered police to arrest Akash. He and his two friends and driver have been charged under various IPC sections, including a nonbailable one, and the Motor Vehicles Act. The SUV has been impounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089748", "title": "Municipal corporations to instal software for impact fee filing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special software for simplifying the process of filling forms and submissions for regularizing illegal properties will be introduced across municipal corporations in the state within a week.The software will be provided by the urban development department for easing the complex procedures that are involved in the legalizing process.In the next few days the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will be issuing notices to owners who have built irregular structures. An awareness drive will be conducted across various civic centres of the AMC, introducing the public to the new impact fee law.A special interface will be created on the website of AMC explaining the three-layered procedures for submission of forms. Citizens can also track the status of their files on-line and even post an application seeking explanation to the delay caused in processing their files.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12092431", "title": "Young artists fund their own exhibition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Art needs a revival and a few students-cum-professionals of Government College of Art not just understand the fact but have taken an initiative to widen the reach of their art and attract a suitable market for it. These BFA students, who also work as working as corporate associates, organized a three-day exhibition at the Government Museum and Art Gallery starting Wednesday.Known as 'Art Corporators', the group of 20 art students have displayed their digital art, painting, sculpture, illustrations, photography, print making and installations at the chapter one of their exhibit. The students have sponsored their effort themselves giving them an independent edge over its organizing.Ajay Kalwaniya, a BFA IV student and the founder of Art Corporator's said, \"We want people to realize the importance of self-sustainability through this exhibition. We take pride in saying that we are the youngest group of artists in Chandigarh to have self sponsored our work.\"Nilesh Verma, a participant, said, \"Such efforts not only give us exposure but also help us get vendors.\" \"When you work hard through the year and get to display our talent and hard work, it helps us grow in terms of confidence and skills,\" said another participant Sparsh Goyal. \"The appreciation from people motivates us to work harder,\" added Sangya Sharma, a participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092713", "title": "NGO sceptical about CMHO's polio claim", "text": "INDORE: Even as the government claims to have achieved success in combating polio, there are some who have raised doubts over the statistics released by the health department.A few days ago, the health department released a statistics stating that more than 5.52 lakh children below five years of age were given polio drops in Indore district. Questioning the claim, a social activist, Kishor Kodwani, said how can the department administer polio to 5.52 lakh children when the district has nearly 4.52 lakh children below five years of age according to the Census 2011. The total population of the district is 32.72 lakh.Refuting any allegation of manipulation and irregularities in the polio drive, chief medical health office (CMHO) Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"We have administered polio drops to more than 5.52 lakh children without any lapses. The high number of figure is mainly due to the floating population of Indore.\" He said Indore has around 2 lakh floating population while thousands of people migrate here in search of livelihood.\"There is no scope of irregularities in the drive as it is being supported and monitored by the Unicef and government agencies,\" claimed Dr Pandit, adding that polio has been eradicated from the country and this would soon be certified by WHO.He claimed that during the recent drive, the department had installed 245 polio booths in the city while nearly 600 centres were set up in rural areas. Besides this, all the entry and exit points in the city, railway stations, bus stands, shopping malls, and construction sites had mobile polio drop centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090730", "title": "\u2018SpeakAsia returns only 2% of cash\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: SpeakAsia, the investment firm that duped thousands of people of crores of rupees, deposited $10mn in the State Bank of India in Singapore last week. The company had told the Supreme Court that it will return Rs 50 crore to those who were part of the online survey scheme.The money was deposited with the registrar, Supreme Court, by Haren Ventures, which is believed to be SpeakAsia's sister wing. SpeakAsia stated that it would return money to others too but the police who are probing the case are not ready to believe them.\"If they are interested in returning the money, it's a good move. However, why only Rs 50 crore? They should return all the Rs 2,276 crore which is on our records. Why do they want to pay only a few hundred people, while there are over 24 lakh investors across the country?\" a police officer asked, referring to the 2.2% that the Rs 50 crore made up. Investigators suspect that SpeakAsia office-bearers are not serious about returning the money. \"If they are concerned about the panelists, they should deposit more money. Why only Rs 50 crore? If you distribute Rs 50 crore among 24 lakh investors, how much will each investor get, Rs 208.33?\" an observer commented. The police began a probe in 2011 and have nabbed 10 persons. SpeakAsia, floated in 2010, allegedly duped people by posing as a survey company. Over 200 bank accounts, reportedly belonging to the prime suspect and its office-bearers, have been frozen, with Rs 142 crore lying in the accounts.The rented office of SpeakAsia in Andheri has been shut down and the police had seized two hard disks from there. The panelists' amount was channelized through various accounts. Among the frozen accounts, the Kritanj Management account had Rs 32 crore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089686", "title": "City realtors beat slowdown with attractive schemes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It's raining freebies for plot buyers in Ahmedabad. With a dip in demand for plots in and around the city, developers are adopting innovative marketing tactics to attract customers. From free cars, adventure sports to gold, silver and LCD television sets, the realtors are going that extra mile to lure buyers.A city-based real estate firm has started to offer one kilogram of silver free to the first 251 members who book a plot in their scheme near Bagodara. The offer, which began in January, has so far helped the company attract 40% bookings. \"The offer is targeted to lure buyers from the middle class segment, who will benefit from the scheme. We get a lot of enquiries from a totally new segment now - young working couples, who would like to invest in the scheme, also because of the easy installments we offer,\" says developer Arun Thakkar.\"Most of our clients are middle income group who are looking at plots as a good investment opportunity. To attract them we are giving a car for free to those who make full payments at one go,\" said a realtor, who has launched a 285-plot scheme near Nalsarovar.Ahmedabad taluka panchayat officials said that more than 250 schemes have been launched in the last three years along the Sanand-Nalsarovar stretch. \"Most builders with plotting schemes around Sanand, Bavla, Nalsarovar and Bagodara have purchased land for Rs 100 to Rs 200 square yard between 2004 and 2006. At a time when demand for residential and commercial units within city limits has stagnated, plotting schemes are coming handy to keep the money rotating. As the land is bought cheap, they are ready to give cash discounts and attractive freebies to get clients,\" said a city-based property dealer.Dealers say that several builders are giving them five to seven per cent brokerage and even free plots if they sell more than 25 plots. \"Instead of giving free gifts, we are offering a monthly installment scheme with low EMIs. To attract people we recently launched a scheme where if one goes for five year installment, we waive off the fifth year payment as discount,\" said Rahul Zunja, who has 770-plot scheme on Bavla-Bagodara highway.\"Over the past three years, no permission has been granted for plotting schemes within Auda limit as the development plan has not been cleared. Soon after the DP is announced, at least another 100 schemes will come out. This will lead to glut,\" said a senior Auda official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12090848", "title": "Information on candidates put online", "text": "Association for democratic reforms (ADR) has uploaded constituency-wise details about the financial status, movable and immovable assets, educational qualifications etc of all candidates contesting the Goa assembly elections 2012.The information is based on sworn affidavits filed by the candidates. The information is available on www.myneta.info and has been uploaded for access to all voters of Goa so that they can have an informed choice on March 3.Woodcut workshop held: The Vice-versa foundation organized its first outreach programme in education - the woodcut workshop for advanced art students from across India.The workshop was conducted by artist and print-maker Walter D'Souza from February 22 to 28 at the foundations studio facilities in Goa.Ten students from the final year under-graduate bachelor's and post-graduate master's program were selected from 26 fine art colleges and art institutions across India to participate in the seven-day workshop in woodcut technique.HSSCE seating arrangement at Mapusa: The seating arrangement of the Mapusa centre for the March 2012 Higher secondary school certificate examination (HSSCE) will be as follows: Seat Nos. 52868 to 52987 at DM's Neugi HSS, Assagao; seat Nos. 52988 to 53227 at DM's PVS Kushe's HSS, Assagao; seat Nos. 53228 to 53492 at DM's Nagvexa Gaundalkar HSS, Assagao; seat Nos. 53607 to 53815, 53816 to 54023, 54024 to 54038, 52520 to 52660, 52662 to 52721 &amp; 52752, 52848 to 52867 at St Xavier's HSS, Mapusa; seat Nos. 52722 to 52751, 52753 to 52847, 53494 to 53511, 53513 to 53580, 50454, 52073, 52661, 53581 to 53606, 54039 to 54384, 61176, 54385 to 54387 at Purushottam Walawalkar HSS, Khorlim-Mapusa. Fr A Paul Sagayam is the conductor for the Mapusa centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12090865", "title": "Valanka's supporters say they told her to contest", "text": "MARGAO: It's barely 7am, yet several youngsters, or 'freshers' as Valanka Alemao calls them, are getting ready for the first meeting of the day with Congress's woman candidate from Salcete. These youngsters, all volunteers handpicked by Valanka, are experiencing elections for the first time and are representatives of 39 booths across Benaulim constituency and all come with their own fresh perspectives to offer.It is not very difficult to find Alemao Mansion in Varca. All you have to do is follow the line of people walking towards her place. An old man even asked that his blind neighbour who was also was on his way to the house be given a lift to doorstep of the house, which is located a few minutes from the Varca Church.It's a little past 10 am and after finishing her work at her election office, Valanka in her Indian attire has just returned home for a cup of tea, only to find that that there are hordes of locals, especially women who waiting to meet their 'leader'.Valanka takes about half an hour to greet her supporters. She knows each one by name and gives them an update on the matters she is taking up for them. The workers attached to her father Churchill Alemao point out that Valanka has a different style from to her father-they attribute it to her young age and modern outlook.One of them says \"Her team is like her family only\". Then, Valanka asks if her volunteer in charge of the self help groups has taken the day off to celebrate her birthday. Her personal secretary Trisha is busy taking down instructions while her personal assistant Gopal calls her to confirm plans for the day.Getting ready to return to her election office again, Valanka says, \"I like to take and finish one meeting at a time and my schedule works around these meetings\".The younger Alemao has toured the entire constituency, be it door-to-door meetings, corner meetings or making time to meet her supporters as late as 10 pm. As Valanka sets out to meet a few supporters, a large number of women immediately swell up behind her as she walks to her voter's houses. \"Never before have so many women participated in the election process (in the run up to the election)\" claims Valanka while pointing out that most of these women are part of the 60 self help groups she had initiated in the last 4 years.Talking to TOI, these locals talk about how they now can sell their homemade pickles or sweets, and say that Valanka has helped them whenever they needed assistance with the children-whenever they needed basic items like notebooks or uniforms.As Valanka walks to the home on the outskirts of Benaulim , a little girl shouts \"Valanka Bai, Valanka Bai.\" To this, the younger Alemao smiles and adds that in Benaulim , she is known by her name and not as Churchill's daughter. \"How can I ask someone to vote for me just because I am my father's daughter? added Valanka, while stating that leaders are not born but madeThe families of the voters she is meeting all make her promise that she takes up garbage management, see that English is the medium of instruction, and promote tourism development and the like.Dismissing TOI's question on the anti-Congress wave affecting her chances, she says: \"People are telling me that they are in fact happy that I am part of the Congress party because of what the party has done\". When asked about the much debated 'family raj' issue, her supporters jeer in response and say that it was them who asked her to stand for elections. \"I will always be my father's daughter, his friends will be my friends and his enemies will be my enemies and I am proud of what he has done, but as far as Benaulim is concerned for the last many years I have been carrying out social work here on my own\".Valanka recalls the recent Youth Congress elections controversy and adds that while she was wronged in being disqualified, the episode was a turning point in her life as she got the chance to tour all 40 constituencies and connect with the youth.As Valanka completes her rounds, some 'ramponkars' meet her and convey their grievances regarding issues like security, need for better fishing nets , to which she immediately dials the number of Pele (another member of her team) who she says is appraised of the issue and is working on plan for them.Valanka's next meeting to be held behind closed doors is to discuss the few days left before the 'D' day. When asked what she thought of her chances she quickly replies, \" what do you think \"and adds that it would be best to ask the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096376", "title": "Bollywood is celebrating women power", "text": "Emraan Hashmi flagged off the Lavasa Women's Drive on Sunday morning. Around 2,000 women gathered to participate in the annual drive, which celebrates the spirit of womanhood.There was a lot of excitement in the air and the participants decorated their cars in imaginative themes to promote various social causes.Speaking on the occasion, Anuradha Paraskar, Sr Vice President; Marketing &amp; Sales said, \"We are delighted to see the amazing energy, spirit and passionate involvement of all the participants.\" Prominent celebrities descended to flag off the drive and cheer participants. Emraan Hashmi flagged off the race. Other leading names included Mugdha Godse , Sophie Chaudhary , Chunky Pandey, Bhagyashree, Simran Kaur Mundi, Tanvi Azmi, Diana Hayden , Tarana Raja, Parvathy Omanakuttam, Amar Upadhyay , Dilip Vengsarkar , Manav Gohil, Pawan Malhotra and Shriya Kishore.The atmosphere at Lavasa was akin to a carnival with a 'Chat Street', NGO stalls and activities like tattoo, hair braiding, spa and water sports.Participants displayed their skills in a unique talent show. The women were excited to see Hashmi who flew down to Lavasa in a chopper and interacted with them. He also met students from Christel House Lavasa, a school for children from the underprivileged background. Meiyang Chang enthralled participants with his performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095029", "title": "Chandra Prakash Dwivedi's movie to release in April", "text": "In the city for a promotional event, the original Chanakya of small screen, Chandra Prakash Dwivedi got philosophical when we asked him why he keep coming back to period drama.\"I do it because of my love for it. Also, to rephrase, I don't try recreate the period, only the values of those times. From costume to lighting, to dialogues and content, our aim is to tell the concept of Upanishads in its purest form. Hence, there is no continuity in the story. Each episode is different, with a different concept and thought.\"Talk of the current crop of serials on air and he shoots, \"Who sits at the dining table wearing a suit all the time? These programs are only driving consumerism in the society. Though I have nothing against consumerism, I'm not promoting it either.\"Dwivedi also tried to set the record straight on the reason for delay of his movie, \" Mohalla 80\". \"My film went on the floors on January 18 last year, around the same time as Anurag Kashyap's \"Gangs of Wasseypur\". I don't know from where rumours started that my film is stalled as I don't have money for post production. My film is complete and we are looking at an April-May launch this year,\" he says.Ask him what's next and he says, \"A sequel to \"Mohalla 80\" is on the cards, which will be a totally different from the original one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092731", "title": "MY nurses to meet health minister today", "text": "INDORE: The nursing staff of Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital, who had threatened to go on an indefinite strike from Thursday demanding the implementation of the Brahmswaroop Committee recommendations to hike the wages of nurses, will meet state minister for health Mahendra Hardia on Wednesday in the state capital.\"We have been called for a meeting with the minister to sort out the issues of the MY nurses. We have been demanding to increase stipend since long. We will go on strike if the government does not accept our demands,\" said Rekha Mahadik, divisional president of the Nursing Staff Association.The association has been protesting for more than a week now to press for their demands. Earlier, on February 20, nearly 200 nursing staff and students of Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital and Government Nursing College here took out the rally in support of the nursing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089792", "title": "Sub-inspector lands in ACB trap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Wednesday night trapped a probationary sub-inspector (SI) of the Chaitanyapuri police station while he was taking a bribe of Rs 10,000 from the complainant as a favour for not arresting his associates in a trespass case.ACB sleuths caught G Srinivas, a 2009 batch SI posted at Chaitanyapuri police station, red-handed while he was taking bribe from complainant Madhusudhan Reddy, a realtor who was waiting in his car near Ashtalakshmi temple at Chaitanyapuri. A few months ago, a trespass case was booked against Reddy and others after he raised objections over some people who were trying to encroach his plot at Chaitanyapuri.Subsequently, Reddy surrendered before court and secured a bail. \"Even after Reddy secured bail, Srinivas kept on threatening him saying that his family members will be arrested and demanded bribe not to do so,\" ACB JD M Ramesh said. The ACB team recovered the tainted currency from the possession of the SI and arrested him. He would be produced before court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091727", "title": "Disgruntled staff started Nagarahole fire", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka forest minister C P Yogeshwar on Wednesday said the forest fire, which ravaged the Nagarahole National Park and Shimoga's Shettihalli Wildlife Sanctuary, was manmade and suggested the involvement of some lower level staff of the department.About 2,000 acres of forest land, all part of the Western Ghats, has been affected, the forest department said. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the incident.Kaushik Mukherjee, additional chief secretary, forest, ecology &amp; environment department, said the department has introduced a satellite imagery guided system of alerting field officials about the fire through email and SMS. The fire had been doused in about 200 hectares in Nagarahole and 300 hectares in Shettihalli area. Around 300 people are involved in the fire fighting exercise.Mukherjee said forest regeneration would be slowed down by this fire as saplings and seeds which would have sprouted in the monsoon would get burnt out.The minister, after receiving a report from the Western Ghats Task Force, said, \"We definitely suspect lower level forest staff and outsiders.\" He said about 4,000 lower level forest employees have been working on a casual basis in the department for a long time and their services haven't been regularized due to technical problems. \"These people may be getting back at the department through such acts,\" he said, adding that some outsiders in the forest fringe area, who have a grudge against some officials may also be involved. With this, the earlier theory that tribals had started the fire is losing credibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12091733", "title": "Arctic sea ice decline behind Europe\u2019s big chill", "text": "WASHINGTON: The recordbreaking cold that gripped Europe this winter could be tied to a surprising culprit - a steep decline in sea ice in Arctic following a warming of the polar region , scientists have claimed.Using a combination of observational data and computer modelling, researchers were able to connect the autumn changes in Arctic sea ice and the resulting changes in atmospheric conditions - increased moisture levels to colder temperatures and increased snowfall across North America , Europe and Asia.\"We conclude that the recent decline of Arctic sea ice has played a critical role in recent cold and snowy winters,\" the researchers said. Since the late 1970s, when the satellite records began, Arctic sea ice cover has declined steeply. Some researchers have warned that if current patterns continue, the Arctic could experience nearly ice-free summers within the next few decades, LiveScience reported.A lack of sea ice can evidently alter atmospheric circulation patterns by weakening westerly winds, increasing the amplitude of the jet stream and increasing the amount of moisture in the atmosphere , said Jiping Liu of Georgia Tech, lead author of the study. \"These pattern changes enhance blocking patterns thatfavour more frequent movement of cold air masses to middle and lower latitudes, leading to increased heavy snowfall in Europe , and the Northeast and Midwest regions of the United States ,\" Liu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091466", "title": "Early warning system for floods to be in place before monsoon", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to install early warning system (EWS) over Tapi river before monsoon to avoid loss of property and life in the areas under its jurisdiction during floods. For a city that was ravaged by floods in 2006, this seems to be the single most important thing for the civic body. Municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"Early warning system will be installed before monsoon.\"TARU consultants presented two EWS models. Its functioning and integration with the disaster management plan (DMP) of the civic body was discussed at the ongoing four-day workshop in the city on climate change.GK Bhat of TARU consultants told TOI, \"Dealing with a disaster like flood is a huge problem. Since last year we were preparing the models for management and information on water, its forecast in the upper catchment segments of Tapi river in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. The second model at Ukai reservoir is related to regulating the water flow in the dam. A third model is being built by SVNIT's hydrology department.\"It normally takes 48 hours for the water to reach the reservoir from the catchment areas. Once released, it takes nearly eight hours for the water to reach Surat city. So, proper monitoring of water flow would give the authorities ample time to take effective steps. However, the main problem is that of management and effective governance.TARU consultants had suggested formation of a trust of all stakeholders like Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC), irrigation department, Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority, SVNIT, SGand Centre for Social Studies to ensure that there is no repeat of the 2006 like situation in the city.\"The work to set up the trust is almost complete. This forum will be informed of the condition on the catchments and at the reservoir. Its members will discuss and deal with the problem in an effective way keeping with the municipal corporation's disaster management plan,\" Bhat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094535", "title": "Taapsee gets a makeover", "text": "While everyone knows Taapsee to be the bubbly young actor, with her upcoming film Maranthen Mannithen, she will be seen in different light, we hear.A source from the sets reveals, \"The actress plays a very different character, which people would least expect her to be playing. And she's done a great job too.\"The film deals with the lives of four individuals who are trapped in the 1986 floods. The floods seem to play a symbolic representation of the emotions too. The film, which also stars Aadhi, Sundeep and Lakshmi Manchu, is a bilingual and is being completed in a quick pace.Producer and co-actor Lakshmi is all praise for Taapsee. \"When I introduced Taapsee in my Telugu production, she proved my trust right with her strong performance. With this film, I am sure she is going to be remembered like never before, because this is a character that one would least expect her to do. I'm sure everyone will be pleasantly surprised,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094679", "title": "Three heroines for Prithviraj", "text": "After Casanovva, director Rosshan Andrrews is gearing up for his next, Mumbai Police. The movie promises to be an out and out entertainer.It was initially planned to be shot in Mumbai. But now, due to certain technical snags, the director will shoot it in Kochi and Hyderabad. Mumbai Police will have Prithviraj essaying the role of police officer Antony Moses. \"So far, we have had mostly bold and outspoken police officers on screen. My movie will be a realistic police story,\" says Rosshan. The director has dedicated the movie to the police department. Meanwhile, the director is on the lookout for not one, but three heroines! \"I am planning to cast fresh faces for Mumbai Police. I am looking for attractive, modern and vibrant girls for the roles,\". The music for Mumbai Police is scored by Gopi Sunder and the lyrics is by Santhosh Varma. The shoot will begin by June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "trivandrum", "code": "12093243", "title": "Kerala: Two fishermen killed in ship-boat collision", "text": "TRIVANDRUM: Two fishermen were killed and two others missing when a ship collided with a boat off the Kollam coast of Kerala in the wee hours today, police said.Of the six fishermen in the boat, two swam to safety, they said.The deceased were identified as Francis Justine and Xavier, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089884", "title": "Naroda Patia witness moves HC over report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While the Supreme Court-mandated SIT insists that the court should not part with its final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint, a witness in the Naroda Patia case has moved Gujarat high court seeking directions to SIT to place the report before the designated court immediately.In his petition, witness Salim Mohammed Shaikh has stated that further probe was sought in 2009 and in 2011, but SIT dodged the issue on the ground the further probe as per the SC directions was underway. When he sought to know the status of further probe, SIT again gave elusive replyby stating that their final report on Jafri's complaint would be submitted before concerned magisterial court.The petitioner has contended that SIT has not been addressing the issue for last three years. tnnand delay may result in destruction of evidence. Speedy investigation is the foundation of speedy trial and justice, especially in the cases of mass murders where the evidence is difficult to gather. The very purpose of constituting designated court for trial of riot cases as per SC order would be defeated, if action is not taken within stipulated time. Moreover, SIT has not even indicated what the stage of investigation is.Shaikh has also sought HC direction to SIT to place an action taken report on the application given by him under section 173(8) of CrPC for further probe on specific issue. He had sought similar relief from the designated court also.This petition may come up for hearing later in this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12090072", "title": "Missing voters: Parties write to EC", "text": "NOIDA: A day after thousands of voters in the three assembly constituencies of Gautam Budh Nagar could not vote as their names did not figure in the voter list, several political parties took cognizance and shot off letters to the Election Commission asking for action. While polling officials could not provide the exact number of such cases, political parties claim that a substantial number of voters were denied there right to exercise franchise despite having voter identity cards.While candidates alleged sabotage, some estimated that about 10% voters being left out from casting their ballot. \"How can people who voted earlier not figure in the voter list?\" asked Mahesh Sharma, the BJP candidate. \"I believe that about 25,000 voters' names were missing from the Noida constituency alone and this could affect the poll results,\" said Mahesh Sharma. \"We have written to the chief election officer and demanded an inquiry be conducted in the matter and necessary action taken,\" he added.Anoop Khanna, Lok Satta candidate, too, has written to the district magistrate. \"This seems to be a deliberate attempt to sabotage a fair election. I contested by adopting an ideal way, but am disappointed at voters being left out,\" Khanna said.The maximum missing names were reported from Noida constituency from sectors 12, 22, 26, 27, 28, 29, 40, 41, 48, 50, 55, 62 and 71. Residents of several villages in Noida, Dadri and Jewar too could not cast their votes even after having voter ID cards. In the Bahlolpur area, around 7,000 voters said that their names were missing from the voters' list.Angry residents, feeling cheated at being denied the right to cast their vote, demanded action against district officials. \"All four members of my family could not vote on Tuesday, despite having voted in the earlier three elections,\" said Ashima Kochar. \"It is very disappointing. What kind of a democracy is this?\" she asked. \"The district magistrate should take action and conduct a probe so that this does not happen again,\" said her son Nitin.\"We voted in the last polls, but this time officials told us our names were not on the electoral list,\" said Dr Manoj Sharma, who went to vote along with his wife Shilpika Sharma at the Vishwabharti Public School polling station in sector 29. \"Even the helpline number did not respond,\" Dr Sharma said.Several people across the city, including Bharat and Sakshi Khanna, children of Lok Satta candidate Anoop Khanna residing in sector 47, Raj Tomar of sector 28, D Majumdar and his wife of sector 62 and hundreds of others complained that despite having a voter ID they were not allowed to vote. For first-time voter Kanika Kamal Kumar from sector 48, not being able to vote was something she could not deal with very easily as she wanted to 'be a responsible citizen who would vote for a change'.Meanwhile, the district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar said that many opportunities had been provided by the administration to residents to rectify and add their names in the voters' list. He said nothing could be done now. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089899", "title": "Speaker Meira accepts Mekapati\u2019s resignation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The resignation of Congress MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy was accepted by Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar on Wednesday.The Speaker spoke to the Nellore MP over the phone and verified the resignation. Reddy said that the speaker asked if he was still serious about the resignation.\"I replied in the affirmative,\" he told the media. Reddy, a two-time MP, switched over to YSR Congress in the aftermath of YS Rajasekhara Reddy's death.He submitted resignation from the Lok Sabha on August 24, 2011 protesting the inclusion of YSR's name in the FIR filed by CBI in a case related to the assets of Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091376", "title": "Barrier-free buildings a distant dream for disabled", "text": "PUNE: Makrand Vaidya, who walks with the help of crutches, feels intimidated when he has to visit government offices in the city, because of their limiting environment.\"I have visited so many government offices here and none are disabled-friendly. My wife, who is on a wheel-chair, feels the same. My condition is such that I cannot use the crutches for an extended period of time. So, when government offices do not have ramps or a lift, I have to climb up a flight of stairs by sitting on every step to rest before moving forward. Situations like that not only drain my energy, but also my confidence,\" said Vaidya.A visually-impaired student, who declined to be named, said, \"There aren't any staff to guide the people with disabilities (PwDs) who visit government offices. More often than not, staff at government offices tend to misguide you by giving you wrong directions and partial information. Inquiry booths for PwDs at all government offices are indispensible. Lack of such facilities only delay our errands further.\"The fact that the Pune Disability Commissioner's office has not received adequate number of applications from the state government departments seeking grants to make their offices barrier-free, shows the disinterest in making public buildings disabled-friendly.The Union government had sought proposals for Rs 12 crore from the states, to make required changes in the office premises of state departments and make them better accessible to physically-challenged people.Though the deadline to send the applications is already over, the Disability Commissioner's office here has received applications seeking funds to the tune of just Rs 8.5 crore so far. What's more, the Pune divisional commissioner's office and the Pune Zilla Parishad, which were specially asked to send their requirements for grants under the scheme, are yet to respond.Proposals from states have been invited by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment under the 'Scheme for Implementation of PwD Act, 1995 (SIPDA),' after effecting a major increase in the annual allocation (Rs 15 crore-Rs 20 crore to Rs 100 crore) this year.Officials from the disability commissioner's office had made a presentation to various state government departments, including Pune Zilla Parishad and the divisional commissioner's office,to encourage them to submit proposals for making provisions for barrier-free environment in their respective buildings.\"However, no proposal has been received from the zilla parishad and the divisional commissioner's office, and we are still seeking to fulfil the shortfall of Rs 3.5 crore,\" said an official from the Disability Commissioner's office.The UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (PwDs), 2008, to which India is a signatory, calls for making buildings, work places, facilities including information, communication and other services, etc, accessible to PwDs on an equal basis. In addition, section 46 of Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995, makes implementation of barrier-free environment for PwDs everywhere, especially government buildings.The official said, \"However, in spite of the legislation, people are unaware of what exactly is a barrier-free environment. Only a ramp and a toilet on the ground floor do not amount to the structure being barrier-free. Thus, central assistance on significant scale under the SIPDA is provided to states to encourage them to move in the direction of making their buildings totally barrier-free.\"He said the disability commissioner's office authorities have focused on providing at least four features in the government buildings that have hitherto submitted applications. \"A ramp, toilets on all the floors for the disabled, signage boards for the hearing-impaired and a lift (for buildings where ramp does not go beyond two floors) are barrier-free features which will have to be added in the buildings mandatorily,\" he said.The official said the disability commissioner's office had asked the state health department for proposals from eight civil hospitals from eight regions of the state. \"We, however, have not received any applications from the health department,\" said the official.The disability commissioners' office had also asked the higher education department to send proposals to make their websites accessible to PwDs and institutions environment barrier-free. However, only five universities and 11 directorate offices from the state have sent proposals within the time limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089831", "title": "Builder throws rules to the winds, owners pay heavy price", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of GK Habitat Royale, a gated community in the city's fast-developing Yapral area, were jolted out of their peaceful existence when municipal workers turned up to pull down their common amenities centre, describing the construction as illegal.The community's gymnasium, indoor games arena and other multi-purpose halls, once spread across a sprawling 6,000 square feet area have now been reduced to rubble.The 160 residents of this upper middle-class housing society said that they had discovered quite late that these structures had indeed been built illegally by the builder, GK Developers.While drawings on the sale deed clearly show the 'amenities' area planned at another site (next to the gate), it was ultimately constructed in the middle of the parking lot, in violation of building norms.\"We realised this only after being handed the actual plan, last year. We have been constantly pleading with the developer to regularize it but to no avail. Now, we are being forced to face the consequences,\" rued VVK Rao, general secretary of the owners' association. He accused the developer of having washed his hands of the matter.Residents complained that efforts to reach the developer, after the demolition notice was slapped on February 25 had proved futile.\"The developer did not even bother to visit the society when the demolition was underway,\" said Ashok Pania, the society's treasurer. He said that the builder had 'robbed' the residents of Rs 2 lakh per head for these amenities, between 2007 and 2009.\"It is a firm with a certain reputation in this part of town and the developer claimed that the amenities area had been approved by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). So we did not bother to check. It was only when the developer handed over the property to us that we found out the truth,\" he added. Residents are now demanding compensation but the developer seems unrelenting.When contacted, GK Developers' managing partner Hanumanth Rao passed the buck on to the owners and claimed that the demolition was not their fault.Interestingly, however, he did not deny that the structures were illegal. \"It is true that the amenities, as per the approved plan, were supposed to come up at another site. But as we could not accommodate it in that space we built it within the parking area after providing parking space for all residents,\" he said.He added: \"The owners themselves went to GHMC and asked them to demolish it. Otherwise why would municipal authorities rush into this society when there are so many illegal buildings in the city.\"Meanwhile, YVS Prasad, GHMC deputy commissioner (Alwal), maintained that the department was only following a High Court order. \"We have been asked to bulldoze all unauthorized structures and are doing just that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092688", "title": "Phoney vigilance men held with Rs 2L booty", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) sleuths arrested two persons including a PWD employee who posed as DVAC officials to extort money from a PWD junior drafting officer.Police have launched a hunt for three more of his associates. Officers said the accused extorted 7.6 lakh from Ravindran, the PWD employee over the past six months. Police teams led by deputy superintendent of police S Thirunavukarasu, inspectors M E Ramachandramurthy and Vijay Charles nabbed Radhakrishnan, 40, and Mohan Raj, 54, while accepting 2 lakh as bribe.DVAC officers said the duo confessed to having cheated Ravindran, who works as an assistant draughts officer. \"They pose as vigilance officials and swindle money from government staff in departments where bribes are taken. Mohan Raj, who works as a record clerk in PWD, identified PWD officials to be targeted,\" said an officer.Ravindran said it started six months ago when he received a phone call. The caller told him there is a vigilance complaint against him and to avoid arrest, he would have to bribe a few DVAC officers. The caller collected 7.6 lakh at different times.Recently, the caller demanded 2 lakh. Ravindran requested the identity of the caller, but he refused. The complainant deputed his son Anand Babu to hand over 2 lakh to the person near the Nandanam vigilance office as instructed. When he was taking the money, the real DVAC officers arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12091433", "title": "'Women's literacy rate in 10 Jharkhand districts poor'", "text": "SINDRI: Women literacy rate in nearly 150 districts of the nation, including 10 districts of Jharkhand, is still below 50%, said national executive body member of Bharat Gyan Vigyan Samiti K N Chatterjee said here on Wednesday while calling upon political parties to make education their prime agenda.He was here with the cultural troupe of the National Literacy Mission in course of Sakshar Bharat Yatra to create awareness about education.BGVS is a national organization with units in 23 states, 350 districts with 3,00,000 volunteers in more than 10,000 villages.Talking to TOI at SPM Inter College on Wednesday, he admitted that the progress of the drive for increasing literacy and creating awareness among rural people about their rights was slow.\"But for a vast country like ours it is no mean achievement,\" he said and added that the literacy percentage in Dhanbad, one of the most industrialized districts of the nation, was just 50% which had gone up to 78 in the past 20 years.\"We are still far behind our goal as women literacy in nearly 150 districts of the nation, including 10 districts of Jharkhand was still below 50%,\" he said adding that the progress of literacy mission in Jharkhand was satisfactory as the state had improved its position from the second most illiterate state to fifth now. \"Literacy mission cannot succeed without active community participation,\" he added.It is with the aim to create awareness about education that Sakshar Bharat Yatra has been taken out which is likely to cover 15,000 panchayats of 180 districts in 22 states, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091397", "title": "Police crack Titan showroom theft case", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Wednesday made a breakthrough in the theft of Titan showroom case and arrested two criminals from Motihari in Bihar. Police also recovered 51 wristwatches and 17 laptops along with Nepali currency worth around Rs 1.5 lakh from their possession.City SP Ranjit Prasad said the member of the gang, which had committed the crime on February 3, has been arrested from Motihari in Bihar. \"We have recovered the laptops and wristwatches which were stolen from the showroom along with Nepali currency from Angesh Kumar and Nagendra Chaudhary,\" said the SP adding that the recovery of Nepali currency reveals their connection with the neighbouring country.PMLA court rejects bail plea of Koda aide: The special Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) court of G K Singh on Wednesday rejected bail application of Binod Sinha, one of the close associates of former chief minister Madhu Koda.Sinha is accused of helping Koda in siphoning the money earned by misusing his office as the chief minister to foreign countries and also invest in different companies in the country.Special advocate S R Das said the court also permitted former state ministers Enos Ekka and Hari Narayan Rai to attend budget session of Jharkhand assembly.The court granted permission on application of Ekka and Rai. The two ministers, who were in Koda's cabinet, are accused of amassing wealth disproportionate to their known sources of income and are in jail for more than 18 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12092504", "title": "Homosexuals to perform at Nehru Trophy boat race", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: This year, globally renowned Nehru Trophy boat race will witness an entertainment with a difference. Homosexuals in the state have formed arts clubs under Kerala Aids State Control Society (KSACS) and will perform various cultural programmes at the event.\"We have constituted three self-help groups (SHGs) of homosexuals and around 750 men are actively working in these SHGs. Majority of these SHG members are artistes including talented dancers. These dance masters started training other members to perform various arts and we have also constituted an arts club under each SHG in this connection,\" said Sethunath V, a counselor with the Suraksha project of KSACS.\"This year, we are trying to provide a platform to the talented members of our SHGs to perform during the celebrations of Nehru Trophy boat race. Many of them have expressed interest to stage their programmes. However, some are not ready to perform in public to keep their identity confidential. We held discussions with the organisers of Nehru Trophy boat race in this regard,\" he said.Alappuzha district collector Saurabh Jain, who is also the chairman of Nehru Trophy Boat Race Society, told TOI that they would take a final decision in this regard only after holding more discussions with KSACS.KSACS's 'Suraksha' project district manager Nithin S Babu told TOI that they have been providing services to over 1,500 homosexuals, including policemen, businessmen, doctors, lawyers and government officials in the district.\"In November 2010, we started this project for gays in the district. Our project is aiming to provide a safe and healthy life to homosexuals. Of 1,500 members, around 600 of them have wives and children and are leading a good life,\" he said.\"Besides cultural programmes, the SHGs are actively involved in various other self-employment activities. They operate tailoring units, soap powder production units and also conduct beauty parlours for men. Each member of these SHG now earns Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 per month through their self-employment programmes,\" said Sunilkumar R, a counselor with KSACS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090091", "title": "City architect assaulted, left bleeding", "text": "NAGPUR: Two weeks before his marriage was to solemnized, Dhiraj Bhongade was assaulted by a group of youths who entered his residence, slit his wrist and also threatened him at gunpoint. The architect, who is in his 20s, is critical and undergoing treatment at a private hospital.Bhongade was attacked while he was alone at his rented house at Dhangarpura in Rana Pratap Nagar, on Tuesday evening. Police said that according to the landlord's statement around four youths were involved in the attack. Police sources said though a gun was placed on Bhongade's head, no shots were fired. The attackers also poured kerosene but did not set him ablaze.\"They also slit Bhongade's wrists and assaulted him badly before fleeing the spot,\" said police.The landlord was alerted by a blood-soaked Bhongade's scream. Police said that apart from stabs on his wrist, he had injuries on his shoulders and head too.Senior PI Anil Benke said that Bhongade is unfit to give any statement. \"The doctors had suggested that the statement be taken after surgery,\" said Benke. Bhongade was operated upon on Wednesday.Bhongade, who hails from a village in Tumsar, had been working with a private firm in the city since a few years. \"He had a quiet nature and never got involved in any disputes. So, we are shocked to know that he has been assaulted,\" said a relative, adding that Bhongade's marriage is scheduled on March 15.Police suspect some love interest or monetary disputes behind the assault. Rana Pratap Nagar police has registered a case against unidentified youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091999", "title": "Job mela in govt college", "text": "BANGALORE: Probably for the first time, a government college will host an employment mela for its students. Maharani's Arts, Commerce and Management College for Women will host Maharani Udyog Mela-2012 on March 9 on its campus.\"The mela will have 30 top companies recruiting students. We will also provide free training to poor students from rural areas,\" said K Ramachandra, placement officer, Maharani's Arts, Commerce and Management College for Women.The fair is open to students from across Karnataka, irrespective of the stream they come from. \"The mela will help women in getting jobs; this is one of the main areas we are focusing on,'' said principal KR Ravikumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12092530", "title": "Blaze rips through forests of Nilambur", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The fire that broke in Nilambur forest has turned into ashes more than 1,200 hectares of woods in the Nilambur south and north divisions. Twenty acres of forest in Silent Valley Buffer Zone, a unique ecosystem, too has been destroyed in the fire. Forest officials said the fire has been 'partially brought under control' by Wednesday evening. Fire in the deep forest is yet to be doused.According to the forest department officials, the fire has incinerated flora and fauna in Chenkode, Pullankode, Nellikara and Pulimunda in Nilambur divisions, and Kozhipra region. The region adjacent to the Silent Valley buffer zone, of Western Ghats, provides unique habitat for rare species of flora and fauna.It took hours to control the fire in Chenkode and Pullankode region. Hundreds of people including eco activists, and volunteers of social organizations headed by M Joshil, the officer of Silent Valley Range, took part in the operation to douse the fire in Kalikavu Range and Silent Valley region.\"Inaccessibility to the mountain cliffs caused the fire to spread,\" said C V Rajan, the forest officer of Nilambur south division. \"The situation is under control but wildfire continues in some regions,\" he said.According to C V Rajan, the bamboo forest in the region is one of the major reasons that led the fire to spread to the buffer zone. It seems the fire lines constructed in the area are not effective, he said.\"There is possibility for another fire in the area, as the fire line methods are not effective here,\" said Joshil. \"We are closely observing the situation. More than twenty forest staff have been deployed in the region,\" he said.The glimpse of wild fire was first reported at Chenkode forest region, which comes under Nilambur South Forest division , during Monday afternoon, by local people. Even though the joint operation of forest officials and the organizations started immediately, the fire spreaded swiftly to the adjacent areas, owing to favourable wind.Malappuram: The forest fire that already destroyed more than 1000 hectares of forests under Nilambur south and North divisions brought partially under control by Wednesday evening. However, 20 acres of forests in Silent Valley Buffer Zone, which is home to the unique flora and fauna, destroyed in the fire on Wednesday.According to the Forest Department officials, more than 1200 hectares of forest destroyed in the fire in Chenkode, Pullankode , and Nellikara, Pulimunda in Nilambur divisions, and many invaluable forest lives including micro flora and fauna, destroyed in the fire at Kozhipra region. The region adjacent to the Silent Valley buffer zone, of Western Ghats, provides unique habitat for rare species of flora and fauna.It was after hours long effort, the fire in Chenkode and Pullankode region brought under control by Wednesday afternoon. But, the fire in some areas in deep forest region yet to bring under control. Hundreds of people including eco activists, and volunteers of social organisations headed by M Joshil, the officer of Silent Valley Range, took part in the operation to douse the fire in Kalikavu range and Silent valley region.In accessibility to the regions of mountain areas, including mountain cliffs, made difficult to carry out quick operation to spread fire said C V Rajan, the Forest Officer of Nilambur South division. He was speaking to media persons at Nilambur . 'The situation is under control now, even though the fire is remain in some regions', he said.According to C V Rajan, 'The bamboo forest in the region was one of the major reasons for the spreading of fire to buffer zone region. It seems the fire lines, constructed in the area are not effective, he said.Joshil said, the fire in the region brought under control , but there is a possibility for another fire, as the fire line methods are not effective in the area. 'We are closely observing the situation. More than twenty forest staff have been deployed in the region', he added.The glimpse of wild fire was first reported at Chenkode forest region, which comes under Nilambur South Forest division , during Monday afternoon, by local people. Even though the joint operation of forest officials and the organizations started immediately, the fire spreaded swiftly to the adjacent areas, owing to favourable wind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12092109", "title": "Smiles &amp; promises mask hills tension", "text": "DARJEELING: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee announced a host of promises and projects for Darjeeling but stuck to her stand that there would not be any divison of Bengal.In spite of the smiles and the apparent bonhomie between Mamata and the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha , Bimal Gurung refused the chief minister's repeated requests to take the mike. He sat stonefaced as Mamata asked her to speak. The Morcha chief had publicly announced that he would not say a word until March 27, when his deadline for the tripartite agreement for Gorkhaland Territorial Administration expires.Kalimpong MLA Harka Bahadur Chhetri took the mike on Gurung's request and heaped praise on Mamata but made it clear that the GJM would relaunch the agitation if the GTA agreement wasn't implemented. The CM, who was delayed by an hour due to inclement weather, got off to a hurried start and announced several packages for the Hills, Terai and Dooars. \"We will work together with the GTA for the development of the Hills which has been neglected for more then 34 years,\" the CM said. \"We have drawn up plans to make this region into Switzerland.\"\"I congratulate Gurungji and his party for keeping the commitment to work together to form the GTA. Come what may, I will ensure that GTA is functional at the earliest ,\" she said, adding that she had taken up the matter with the Prime Minister. Chhetri reminded the CM that promises were not enough. He raked up old issues like the waiver of electricity and telephone dues, reopening of NH-55 (closed for 18 months) and establishing two colleges in Kalimpong . \"It is after 64 years that we have a Bengal chief minister and not a Bengali chief minister. We are her fans and that is the reason why we are taking the liberty to place our grievances and demands ,\" Chhetri said. Earlier in the day, Mamata inaugurated the Deshbandu Chitarranjan Das museum and a tea boutique and museum in Darjeeling. She also distributed pand pattas. There would be four more passenger ropeways in Kurseong , Kalimpong, Mirik and Darjeeling. The Hills Banerjee would get a special package under the Rs100 crore North Bengal Development scheme, she said. \"A master plan is being chalked out to convert the Hills with the adjoining Terai and Dooars regions into Switzerland . Darjeeling is our 'gaurav' . W e will ensure there is development here,\" said the CM. The government has plans for a Rs 304-crore water supply system in Kalimpong and Rs 155 crore has already been sanctioned for Darjeeling to bring potable water from Balason River, Mamata said. She announced allocation of Rs 14.98 crore worth of stipends for 7,965 SC and ST students and Rs.4.45 crore assistance to 4,952 elderly people. The CM also said that Sandakphu, a popular trekking destination, would be developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090528", "title": "Lt Gen Bikram Singh all set to be next Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is all set to announce the appointment of Eastern Army Commander Lt General Bikram Singh as the next Army chief, after an elaborate vetting process including an unusual and detailed intelligence check on his family. The announcement will bring to an end the unsavoury succession battle marred by several controversies and sniper attacks.According to senior government sources, the file proposing Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief is in the final stages, and would be put up for approval of the Cabinet Committee on Appointments sometime in the next two weeks. The approval, a source said, could come as early as in the first week of March.The process for appointing Gen V K Singh's successor, however, included an unusual intelligence check on his family members. Sources said the defence ministry sought clearance from intelligence agencies on Lt Gen Bikram Singh's daughter-in-law.The move was prompted by several complaints, from political leaders as well as others, alleging that Lt Gen Singh's daughter-in-law was a Pakistani, and thus his appointment had potential security implications.According to sources, intelligence agencies have given a clean chit to Lt Gen Singh, rubbishing the allegations. According to the agencies, his eldest daughter-in-law is an American citizen, whose father is an Afghan and mother is from Central Asia. In fact, the agencies also reported that she had converted to Sikhism upon marriage. \"The agencies have given a clean chit. The allegations were unwanted efforts to target him,\" a senior government source said.He said they had received detailed resumes of the three senior-most Army Commanders - Lt Gen Bikram Singh, Lt Gen Shri Krishna Singh and Lt Gen K T Parnaik -- from the Army Headquarters and had carryied out other processes such as the routine check by Intelligence Bureau.The customary procedures would lead to the defence ministry listing Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the senior-most in the line to succeed Gen V K Singh. The file proposing his appointment would then be put up to the Cabinet Committee on Appointments for final approval.The government official said they were expecting to conclude the process of Lt Gen Singh's appointment by March 10. \"We are not hurrying up anything. We will go by the standard practice,\" he said. The official also dismissed earlier rumours that the government may announce the new Army chief soon.Gen V K Singh retires on May 31. The usual practice is to announce the successor two months before the retirement of the chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092724", "title": "Western Railway starts Ajmer-Kolkata weekly train service", "text": "INDORE: Bringing relief to the railway passengers in the region, the Western Railway introduced a weekly train between Kolkata and Ajmer from February 27. Accordingly, train number 19608 will leave Ajmer at 19.30 on Mondays, and will reach Kolkata at 17 hours on Wednesdays. On return, train number 19607 will leave Kolkata at 11.35 on Thursdays. It will reach Chittorgarh at 2.05 am and destination Ajmer at 5.30 am.The train will pass through Naihati, Bandel, Bardman, Durgapur, Raniganj, Asansol, Dhanbad Barkakhana, Daltonganj, Renukut, Garwa Road, Choupan, Singrauli, Katni, Mukhara, Byavhari, Damoh, Sagar, Guna, Kota, Bundi, Chittorgarh and Bhilwara stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092410", "title": "Finance minister won't take bold decisions in Budget, says FICCI chief", "text": "KOCHI: The peculiar situation of the Indian economy will force the finance ministry to refrain from taking bold measures in the upcoming Union Budget, observed R V Kanoria, president of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI). He was delivering a lecture at the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Kin Kochi on Wednesday. \"We have a current account deficit, and the negative trade balance is not sufficiently compensated through inflow of capital from FIIs or our invisible earnings which constitutes remittancesfrom the services sector. Hence, India has got into a high fiscal and current account deficit situation, which leaves the ministry with little scope to take bold decisions,\" Kanoria said.\"From the international point of view, the overhang of the 2008 crisis and compounded problem of the European Union will affect India because our exports can't grow till the world is ready to absorb additional exports,\" he added. \"India will see considerable pressure on the rupee because of the fiscal and current deficits as well as inflationWhile inflation is in the region of one to two per cent in the rest of the world, in India it is between seven and eight per cent,\" Kanoria explained. FICCI also recommended three Budget proposals-keeping taxes at existing rates while dispensing cess from income tax, amnesty for those who have Swiss bank accounts, and the disinvestment of Coal India. We asked the government to not increase service tax and excise duty from 10% to 12%,\" Kanoria said. Talking about Swiss bank accounts of Indians, he said, \"Amnesty should be given to those who have kept money with Swiss banks, with a provision for anonymity similar to the scheme followed by the British and German governments.\"On the disinvestment process, Kanoria said, \"We should get disinvestment back on track.Break Coal India into small segments and privatise it. The market capitalization of Coal India is Rs 2.5 lakh crore - a single disinvestment could reduce our fiscal woes and increase the competitiveness of the coal industry.\"KCCI chairman K N Marzook said the chamber is planning to start a television channel dedicated to business news. P L Prakash James, president of Indian Chamber of Commerce, C P Jain, executive committee member of FICCI, and M P Deepak Kumar Shetty, vice-chairman of KCCI also spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089913", "title": "Report on model code \u2018violation\u2019 by chief minister sent to Election Commission", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state chief electoral officer (CEO) has sent a report to the Election Commission on a complaint against chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy that he violated the model code, which is in force for the March 18 bypolls.The complaint, made by TRS, alleged that the CM violated model code by promising to provide drinking water to one of the Assembly constituencies, that are going to bypolls.\"We have received a complaint against the chief minister. We have sent a report to the Election Commission. They sought some details and we furnished that,\" CEO Bhanwarl Lal told reporters here Wednesday.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy allegedly gave the assurance while addressing Congress workers from Kamareddy constituency.The EC would decide whether to issue a notice or not over the matter, the CEO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091139", "title": "Shekar, Walking Encyclopedia of city police retires", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police is now without its walking encyclopaedia. After having served the department for 37 long years Shekar, head constable, superannuated from services on Wednesday.While four other police officials retired from service - Jaya Naik, and Koragapa, ASIs, and Bhaskar and Krishna, head constables - Shekar was the cynosure of all eyes. Having served with 27 IPS officers, Shekar is widely considered as the walking police directory. So much so that even senior police officials used to call him up to find out things like telephone numbers of their colleagues.Commissioner of Police Seemanth Kumar Singh, who organized the function to felicitate police personnel retiring, the first such initiative in a police unit here, recalled the memories of working with Shekar when he served as the superintendent of police here. Describing him a perfectionist, Seemanth said the void that his superannuation leaves in the functioning of his office would be felt from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092250", "title": "Not all traders will get Rs 50k compensation", "text": "BANGALORE: Can chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda be taken at face value? Russell Market traders whose shops were gutted in the Saturday fire may certainly not, given the turn of events in the aftermath of the blaze.Sadananda Gowda had announced the government will pay Rs 50,000 to each of the shop owners whose outlets were burnt in the blaze. But the dispensing authority, the BBMP, made it clear on Wednesday that it is not bound by the CM's assurance.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda dropped a bombshell in the council on Wednesday by announcing that Russell Market traders will receive compensation ranging from Rs 8,000 to Rs 50,000.\"Not all the 123 shops that were gutted deserve Rs 50,000 compensation. Our officials have visited every affected shop and assessed the loss. It varies from trader to trader and is in the range of Rs 8,000 to Rs 9.25 lakh. But the maximum compensation will be Rs 50,000. If we go by the rule book, none of them can be compensated as the traders had not insured their shops. We are giving compensation on humanitarian grounds,\" he explained.The announcement sparked off heated exchanges in the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090935", "title": "We have no role in sewer line linking: DTCP", "text": "GURGAON: The department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) has blamed builders for not linking the drains in the area to the master sewerage lines in new Gurgaon.Commenting on the matter, senior town planner R K Singh said: \"This issue should be dealt with by the builders and the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). The DTCP has no role in this but still we advise the builders from time to time to get their sewerage connection fixed by discussing the matter with HUDA.\"Singh also said that HUDA collects external development charges from developers for the purpose of ensuring drainage facilities, among others. \"HUDA must do something to sync its master sewerage lines first before blaming anyone,\" added Singh.HUDA had recently written to the DTCP asking it to issue necessary instructions to builders to apply for sewerage connection and ensure proper disposal to the sewerage line in the private colonies. When asked why the DTCP takes action against builders for not laying sewerage lines, he said: \"Securing the permission to lay sewerage pipes and getting the necessary connections are the responsibilities of HUDA and the DTCP comes into the picture only if there are problems.\"The department, Singh said, regularly gets complaints from residents of private colonies about the faulty sewerage lines and water supply lines. Singh added that HUDA is responsible for constructing poorly levelled, faulty sewerage lines.RWA president of Ardee City, T N Kaul, said: \"The builder in our colony has connected the sewerage line with the master line of HUDA but the levelling is not right. As such, the flow of the effluents takes a lot of time.\"He said that the builder has installed the pumps to push the effluent towards the master sewerage line. \"If it is not pumped, then the sewerage will not move and will get stuck,\" said Kaul.He, however, said that HUDA must engage some experts to correct the faulty levelling of the master lines with other lines of the builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "konam (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12089652", "title": "Principal booked for sexual misconduct", "text": "KONAM (VISAKHAPATNAM): The principal of a social welfare gurukul was booked on charges of having sexually abused and impregnated a student, at Cheedikada mandal's Konam village.The girl has been sent to a government hospital for medical tests.A case under SC/ST Atrocities Act and sections 376 (B) and 315 of IPC has been filed against principal Ch Appa Rao.The 15-year-old class X student accused the principal of raping her. An abortion was conducted on the minor girl at a clinic close to hostel.\"The principal threatened me with dire consequences if I breathed a word about it,\" she said.The victim, a girl from Devarapalli village, said that the principal would call her to his room on the pretext of using her help to perform pujas and repeatedly rape her.Probe ordered on the basis of the girl's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12094797", "title": "Tata Communications to bid for British telecom Cable &amp; Wireless Worldwide", "text": "MUMBAI: Tata Communications Ltd is eyeing Cable &amp; Wireless Worldwide Plc --- a London-listed telecommunications giant with origins steeped in British imperialist history --- signaling the return of India's largest private conglomerate to bulge-bracket global buyouts. The $84 billion Tata Group's telecom arm may be vying with Vodafone Plc for the potential acquisition, which is still in early stages, said sources directly briefed on the matter.C&W; is best known in India as the former sponsors of the West Indian cricket team.The company's association with India goes back to 1870 when it laid the world's biggest submarine cable connection from Mumbai (then Bombay) to Porthcurno in England.C&W; may attract valuation upwards of $1.2 billion for its voice, data and IP based services to large clients four across continents. The troubled company's market value has declined over 70% in the last 24 months, broadly reflecting the woes of the global telecom sector, but making it possibly the least expensive target in the industry. Tatas are preparing to launch a bid for the asset in the next two weeks. Standard Chartered Bank is advising Tatas on their largest telecom acquisition move.The deal would be significant, if it goes through, providing Tata Communications with a larger footprint in voice and data carrier businesses as well as in the undersea cable network. C&W; owns 4,25,000 km of cables connecting more than 150 countries, with strong presence in most of the former British colonies.About one-third of its pounds 2.2 billion revenues comes from carrying internet and voice traffic for other telecom companies. Will Cameron, a spokesman for C&W; declined to comment on the potential interest from the Tata Group. Rothschild and Barclays Capital are advising C&W; to explore strategic options after being approached by suitors. A query to Tata Group spokesperson did not elicit any response at the time of going to press.Tata Group has built its presence in the data carrier business through acquisitions -- VSNL (now Tata Communications) in 2002, Tyco International (US) in 2004, Teleglobe ( Canada ) in 2006 and Neotel (South Africa) in 2009. The NYSE-listed Tata Communications has invested more than $3.6 billion since 2002 in acquiring and building network and data centre infrastructure, technology and service capabilities and entering new markets. Roughly 75% of the company's $2.6 billion revenues comes from the overseas market.\"The acquisition will be complementary to Tata's existing infrastructure allowing them to consolidate their low cost position in the bandwidth provisioning. This will also reinforce India's position as an outsourcing hub providing services to both enterprises and operators with a comprehensive set of solutions,\" said Thomas Kuruvilla, MD, Arthur D Little, a management consulting firm. C&W;, which has holdings in 60 global cable systems, could trigger fresh consolidation in a capital intensive sector with high capacity (large amount of unlit fibre).\"But Tata should be very careful about the purchase price. C&W; has 60% of its revenues from UK and with UK economy not doing well, C&W; can face headwind in immediate future. In addition, C&W;'s IP and voice business have very low margin, therefore Tata Communications will have to look at C&W; cost structure as well effectively utilize its network to grow the overall business volume,\" he added. India's other telecom majors Bharti Airtel and Reliance Globalcom could also look at the slumping C&W; but there was no confirmation for the same.It isn't clear how Tatas plan to structure this deal and whether any group entity other than Tata Communications will be involved with it. Tata Communications has faced limitations in fund raising, with the government that owns 26% reluctant to infuse fresh equity into the company. Tata Communications has been resorting to debt (over $1.5-billion) to fund its expansion, weighing down the company. A few weeks ago, Tata Communications management, headed by Vinod Kumar, said that the company plans to spend $250 million to expand its telecom infrastructure.The latest bid is a continuation in Tata Group's theme of globalizing its diversified businesses. The current chairman Ratan Tata , who is due to retire later this year, transformed the salt-to-software conglomerate into a global empire with a string of high voltage acquisitions of Corus Steel, Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) and Tetley. Tatas are the largest Indian investor in UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12093390", "title": "2 fishermen killed, 3 missing after boat hits unidentified ship", "text": "KOCHI: Two fishermen were killed and three others were missing after their boat hit an unidentified ship at sea 12 nautical miles off Manakkodam Light House in Alleppey district on Thursday morning.The Kollam collector P G Thomas told TOI here that the two deceased had been identified as Jestin from Kovil Road and Xavier of Chavara. He said the Navy, Coast Guard and the marine police are conducting search operations.Two fishermen were rescued with injuries and they have been hospitalised. The bodies of Xavier and Jestin have also been brought ashore.Coming as it does within couple of days after the gunning down of Indian fishermen by naval marines on board an Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie , the incident has sent shock waves among the fishing community in Kerala.The Navy and Coast Guard have deployed four ships and a Dornier aircraft for search and rescue operations, according to a defence ministry spokesman. INS Sarvekshak from Southern Naval Command and ICGS Savitribai Phule who were at sea were diverted to the area while Coast Guard Interceptor Boats- C 144 from Kochi and C 143 from Vizhinjam has also been sailed out to augment search and rescue efforts. One more ship from Southern Naval Command will sail shortly to join the search, the spokesman said.The collector said the fishing vessel had sailed from Neendakara from Sunday with seven persons on board and the incident appeared to have happened at about 3 am. The ship involved in the accident is suspected to be an oil tanker, he said adding efforts were on to trace the ship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12090368", "title": "CD was prepared at Malkhan's guesthouse in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The CD showing former minister Mahipal Maderna and nurse Bhanwari Devi was prepared at the former's farmhouse in Jodhpur. The CBI vaguely claims in the CD that the nurse had physical relationship with many people, but the chargesheet states that Bhanwari had filmed both the MLAs -- Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Mahipal Maderna.It was the love and devotion of Bhanwari Devi for her paramour Malkhan Singh Bishnoi which prompted her to shoot herself with Mahipal Maderna while having sex. The objective was to use the CD later against Maderna to compel him to resign from his ministerial berth thereby clearing the path for Bishnoi.According to the chargesheet, Bhanwari was quite disappointed due to denial of ministerial berth for Bishnoi, which went for Maderna.This devotion for Bishnoi continued despite his denial to accept Gungun, the youngest daughter of Bhanwari, despite his being Gungun's biological father, which was proved by the DNA report. She, however, felt annoyed but was later consoled by Indra and Paras Ram Bishnoi, sister and brother of Malkhan. After that she even helped him a lot during his election campaigning.But when Malkhan failed to win a cabinet berth, she along with Indra, hatched a plan to make a sleaze video of Maderna and one Gudia, who was Bhanwari's sister-in-law but when Gudia refused, Bhanwari Devi, decided to replace Gudia and met Maderna in Gangaur, an RTDC hotel in Jaipur on March 19, 2009. Bhanwari had taken a camera with her and adjusted it before sleeping with Maderna. But unfortunately, the improper angle of the camera dashed her plan.Then taking another chance, she planned to shoot herself with Maderna in a compromising position at his own farmhouse in Jodhpur. In August 2009, she fixed a meeting with Maderna there and took the cameraman Rajesh Parihar with herself, who adjusted the camera angle to enable it to capture entire sleaze game correctly and came out before Maderna arrived.This was a successful attempt and the entire action was properly recorded on the camera, which she later converted into the CD and cassette with the help of Parihar and ensured the deletion of the recording from his computer.She also had in her mind somewhere that Malkhan is already fulfilling her needs and by trapping Maderna through this sleaze CD, she would also be able to pressurize him with a view to draw benefits from him. Maderna's inability to get her ticket for the election from Bilara seat was also a cause of her grudge against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12092337", "title": "Banks seek norms for defaulters", "text": "MUMBAI: Lenders on Wednesday asked RBI to clarify at what point can a onetime defaulter be considered as a standard borrower again. Banks also asked the central bank to reduce reserve requirements to ease liquidity.Bank chairmen present at the meeting said that they discussed a few stressed sectors. While they admitted that the amount of bad loans had risen, the general consensus was that it was still at a manageable level. In the meeting, RBI officials asked them to focus on recoveries of bad loans.Officials present at the meeting included those from SBI, ICICI Bank , Axis Bank , Punjab National Bank , Andhra Bank , Bank of Baroda , Union Bank, Bank of India and Indian Overseas Bank .SBI chief Pratip Chaudhuri said there is a need to look at the possibility of restructuring smaller loans as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12090960", "title": "Chennai cops to share database", "text": "times news networkMUMBAI: The Mumbai police will exchange records with their counterparts in Chennai about two of the five bank robbers who were killed in an alleged police encounter in Chennai recently. The slain duo, Sujay Kumar and Raju Yadav alias Abhay, were involved in three bank robberies in north Mumbai in 2010.\"The Chennai police will compare fingerprints of the deceased with the ones available in their database, in a bid to verify their identities,\" said DCP Mahesh Patil (zone 6).\"Our teams have carried photographs of Sujay and records of the two which they will offer to the Chennai police ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090454", "title": "Walled City was target, cracking code helped nab 2", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence Bureau (IB) coordinated with three police forces-Delhi, Jharkhand and Jammu &amp; Kashmir - to uncover a plot to set off a blast at Old Delhi's Chandni Chowk. The big breakthrough on Tuesday came when agencies managed to crack an encrypted message that had been intercepted. The message spoke of an impending attack, spiking the concern in IB which had already sniffed the intent of Lashkar to carry out fresh terror attacks.Working at a feverish pace under the guidance of IB and with the support of their counterparts from Jharkhand and J&K;, Delhi Police finally managed to catch up with the two alleged bombers - Ahtesham and Shafaqat - who had already assembled an improvised explosive device from the ingredients they bought in the Capital on Monday. Their plan was to set off the bomb in Chandni Chowk's congested cloth market on Wednesday.Detectives are said to have found large quantities of explosives, five mobile phones, two memory sticks, detonators, passports and incriminating documents from the rented flat of Ahtesham and Shafaqat. Interestingly, one of the memory sticks has a video of Ahtesham being trained to make IEDs and fire AK-47 rifles in Pakistan by what appears to be LeT commanders, the police said. The video \"how to use it\" manual only underlined the determination not to leave anything to chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12089761", "title": "Girl\u2019s murder takes new turn", "text": "The sensational murder of five-year-old 'Bhavani' took a new turn on Wednesday and put police in a tight spot. A day after the gruesome act, police discovered that the victim's real name was Sai Niharika and she was kidnapped by Vijay from Borabanda on February 26. The probe also revealed that Niharika's parents were Nagaraju and Padma, residents of Vivekananda Colony in Borabanda. After the murder on Tuesday, the Jeedimetla police had announced that Bhavani's mother was Sujata of Gajularamaram and paramour of Vijay.The blunder came to light on Tuesday night when police discovered that Sujata did not have a daughter.Subsequently, Sanathnagar inspector S Srinivasa Rao alerted his Jeedimetla counterparts that a physically challenged girl, Sai Niharika, went missing from Borabanda and a complaint was lodged by her parents on February 26 night.As the victim was also physically challenged, police called her parents for identification of the victim and the girl's true identity was established. Police said Niharika was an LKG student of a local school. \"Vijay told us that he kidnapped the girl while she was playing near her house by offering her chocolates. We suspect that fearing that he will get caught, he might have killed the girl in an inebriated condition,\" Jeedimetla inspector A Sanjeeva Rao said.The inspector, however, said that the culprit did not sexually abuse the girl. Meanwhile, police are still interrogating Vijay and he is likely to be produced in court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090868", "title": "Meet, pray, fast", "text": "PANAJI: Behind every successful man there is a woman. And with Goa's politicians are the prayers and support of their better halves and close relatives. Added to this, many have their wives campaigning with them, going door to door trying to woo voters and win votes in their husband's favour.If chief minister Digambar Kamat's wife Asha is working hard to help her husband win from Margao constituency, Jennifer Monserrate is trying to ensure that she wins in Taliegao constituency, whose majority of voters have faithfully voted for her husband, Atanasio (Babush) Monserrate, in the last two elections. This time, Monserrate is contesting from St Cruz constituency.\"I have done a lot of door to door campaigning especially among the ladies. We conduct meetings of the self help groups that we have helped form and try to enlist their support. In addition to this, I do the most important job of all, that is to look after my husband's health and well being and offer him all the support that needs during his busy schedule\", said Asha.Jennifer makes it clear that her husband has entrusted her with the task of looking after the welfare of Taleigao constituency and its people. \"When Babush decided to contest from St Cruz, he had no worries or tension as he knew that he had me to take care of our people while he is campaigning in St Cruz. Once the campaigning is over, we will both be working as a team for the welfare of the people of Taleigao and St Cruz\", she said.Jose Philip D'Souza has no qualms about accepting that his wife is not just campaigning for him but also praying for his victory. Added his wife Neny, \"We are moving with other ladies house to house in the constituency, trying to understand people's problems. As ward 9 and 10 in Baina are new inclusions in Vasco constituency, I am spending more time here, speaking to the people, understanding their problems. And I do pray for Philip. His supporters organize prayers for Philip's success in temples, churches and mosques and ask me to come and pray along with them\".Just like Neny, even MGP candidate Sudhin Dahvlikar said, \"My wife does door to door campaigning for me. She starts as early as 7.30 am\". Added health minister Vishwajit Rane said, \"I have finished door to door campaigning and now my wife is going for door to door campaign on my behalf\".BJP's Vishnu Wagh said, \"My wife is a government employee and she can't campaign for me. But she prays for my success and does puja for me\". Even home minister Ravi Naik's wife is praying for his success, good health and welfare.Congress Curtorim Reginaldo Lourenco's makes it clear that he doesn't want his family to be involved in politics. \"But they do pray for me\", he said. For Fatorda BJP candidate, Damodar alias Damu Naik, his wife is not only his election planner but also his close confidante. \"She plans my day and even goes canvassing on my behalf\", he said.Veteran politician Victoria Fernandes calls this election an important one for the family and St Cruz people. Though she is not contesting, the Fernandes family is doing everything possible to ensure that her son Rudolf wins the seat. He has a tough fight, what with one of his opponents being the richest candidate, and the other candidate known to use both money and muscle power. \"Every one of us in the family is working hard to ensure that Rudolf wins. This is a crucial election for us\".Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090327", "title": "Close friend of missing girl held for sexual conspiracy, police solve case after a year", "text": "JAIPUR: In a new twist to the missing case of Vandana (name changed) and found after five months, police have arrested her close friend Seema for allegedly abducting her and conspiring for sexual exploitation.Vandana went missing on January 19, 2011 from the Pratap Nagar locality here and was found six months later from Mathura. On January 25, 2011, when police summoned Seema to know the whereabouts of her missing friend, she had accused police, including the then circle inspector of Pratap Nagar, of harassing her and attempted suicide by jumping before a moving train.A year and few months later, police have solved the mystery and arrested Seema on the charges of abduction and criminal conspiracy of Vandana's rape.\"In this case, we had already arrested some accused identified as Saurabh, Shantunu, Manmohan Saini, Yugveer, Yudhveer and Bunti Tomar for allegedly abducting and raping the girl who went missing and later found in Mathura by a Jaipur police team in May, 2011. After collecting various evidences and tallying the hotel records from Jaipur and other places, it was found that Seema was behind conspiring the abduction and later supplying the girl to other persons,\" deputy commissioner of police (East) Mahendra Singh told TOI on Wednesday.Earlier, Seema had accused the then circle inspector of Pratap Nagar, Ramniwas Bishnoi, and head constable Lal Chand of harassing her on the pretext of questioning her. Both personnel were arrested based on her charges.For Jaipur police, it was a clueless investigation until the missing girl Vandana was recovered from Mathura on May 5, 2011.\"In her statements she (Vandana) had implicated Seema of abducting her and also of conspiracy to sexually exploit her. She has also accused Seema and others including Manmohan Saini of making an obscene MMS due to which she kept quiet,\" Singh added.Asked if the arrest of Seema will affect the harassment case logded against the former circle inspector, Singh said, \"That is a different case which is in the court. Her arrest has nothing to do with the arrested accused in the harassment case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089783", "title": "JnNURM nod to Rs 15.9 crore e-governance project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ambitious Rs 15.9 crore e-governance project for Ahmedabad city has finally been given the nod by the JnNURM committee. The project once implemented will not only strengthen electronic interface between the public and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), but also bring in transparency in taxation issues.One of the high tech projects that has been sanctioned is the Global Information System (GIS)-based civic administration. \"This involves mapping all civic utility lines on a satellite map of the city. Officers dealing with each of the civic utilities will enter the condition and daily report pertaining to functioning of infrastructure on the map. Even complaints registered by citizens at various civic centres will get highlighted on the map in real time. This will unify the function of the AMC in all aspects,\" says a senior AMC official involved with the project. tnnApart from this, a public interface, which includes eight separate softwares for various taxation purposes, is part of the e-governance package. Right from paying your water, drainage, property tax to registering your marriage and birth and death will be made online. The system of making online payment for various taxes will be strengthened in this project,\" adds the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090236", "title": "St Mary\u2019s told to refund 1.45 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: After months of wait, the director of education (DE), Pune, has ordered the management of St Mary's High School (SSC) in Mazgaon to refund Rs 1.45 crore collected from nursery and primary section students within one month in the education inspector's presence.\"The school will also have to make structural changes in the building to provide two toilets on each floor for students. They will also have to charge computer fees as per rules,\" said the order. The Bombay High Court in January had set a time-limit of February 28 for the DE to hear the school's appeal against derecognition of its Secondary School Certificate (SSC) section.\"The school charges Rs 1,200 as computer fees, whereas others charge only Rs 500. Parents have been harassed on various occasions and it's time that the school management pays back,\" said Nanasaheb Kute Patil, a parent and complainant in the case.In May 2011, the state government derecognized the school over charges of insufficient infrastructure, unlawful collection of capitation fees and other violations. The matter was dragged to the high court, which ordered a stay on the derecognition order and ordered the DE to pass an order.School principal Fr Baptist Pinto declined to comment without studying the order, but Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's College in Dhobi Talao and a member of the school management, told TOI it was a direct challenge to the HC order. \"This is exactly what was told in the interim order, so it shows that there has been no application of mind into this new order as was supposed to be the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091295", "title": "Nashik-Pune railway project may be on track finally", "text": "NASHIK: The Indian Railways has found the feasibility report for Nashik - Pune Railway as positive and has forwarded the same to the Railway board for considering it in the railway budget to be presented soon. The project, which has been pending for the past 15 years, is likely to take off, finally.The Indian Railways in its survey report of Nashik - Pune railway, submitted in the year 2010, had expressed a negative opinion on the project. But the re-survey has found the possibility exciting, railway sources said. \"The rate of return (RoR) for the Nashik - Pune railway route was at -2.84% in the year 2010. However a re-survey of the route has found the RoR to be 0.13%. If the state approved its share of 50% for construction of the track, the RoR will be 4.11 percent,\" the Chief Administration Officer's Office of Central Railway said in a letter. The information was given by Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal, who has received a copy from the Railways.The Nashik - Pune railway project had been negated twice. \"It was surprising why the survey by the Railways always neglected the movement of goods between Nashik and Pune and destinations beyond. Was the route exclusively meant for passenger traffic? But the Railways considered the 2001 census. There a huge difference in census figures, both cities have grown manifold,\" Bhujbal said. He also pointed out that Sinnar was a growing industrial estate like Chakan in Pune. Additionally, Chakan and Sinnar fall under the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridoor (DMIC), a reality which has not been considered by the Railways as an opportunity for growth in north-bound and south-bound traffic originating and terminating at these destinations. The MP also drew attention to the fact that the Nashik - Sinnar track being built on a private basis will further be extended to Pune via Dehu Road, meaning the 265.89 kms proposed would be shorter by 30 kms from each side.After these points were raised the Railway carried out the survey for the Rs 199.64 crore project and it has mentioned that the RoR of the project is 0.13 %.\"If the state government sanctioned fifty percent for the construction of the project, the RoR would turn out to be 4.11% ,\" Chief Engineer C K Thakur has said in the letter sent to Railway board on February 28.Bhujbal forwarded a letter to CM Prithviraj Chavhan demanding budgetary allocation of funds for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12090710", "title": "Don't want or need Vijai's support: Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Reacting to the recent public statements made by independent candidate Vijai Sardesai, leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar asserted that even if the BJP was to fall short of numbers after the election, they would not take the support of Sardesai.Responding to queries from mediapersons in Margao on Wednesday, Parrikar sought to know why Sardesai was recently showering praises on him since BJP had its own sitting MLA Damodar Naik from Fatorda and categorically stated that he was totally against his name being used in any form in Sardesai's campaign.Sardesai, while releasing his manifesto earlier this week, had stated that Parrikar was the right man in the wrong party. \"I don't want Vijai Sardesai's support and don't need it,\" said Parrikar, adding that BJP was backing four \"genuine\" independent candidates and would only seek their support at the time of forming the government.However, while responding to queries on the medium of instruction, Parrikar stated that they would find an amicable solution but failed to clearly define what that solution was.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092233", "title": "TN to light up 3L houses with solar power, targets 1,000MW", "text": "CHENNAI: In a move expected to inject some life into the state solar policy, the Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency (Teda ) has identified 2,000 government buildings where 1KW solar photovoltaic panels can be set up on the rooftops to generate energy.The proposal is yet to be sanctioned by the state government. Among the shortlisted government offices, 1,000 are in Chennai. With this and the proposed solar powered houses and streetlights, Teda expects 1,000MW of solar power to be availableby year-end.The state government plans to light up three lakh houses and one lakh street lamps with solar power. Of this, Teda aims to set up 60,000 houses and 20,000 streetlights this year. \"We have proposed to the government to encourage residents across the state to install solar panels atop their houses, especially in multi storied buildings,\" said Teda general manager Srinivas Shankar.The agency also plans to encourage residents to install solar water heaters like the ones in public health centres. Bangalore is among the cities with a large number of its residential buildings using solar water heaters.Officials said the solar power policy,which has been in cold storage for a long time, is expected in a few months though the state government had announced in May 2010 that it would be released by January 2012.The delay has made industries looking at the state to wait and watch. \"Once the policy is announced, we will enter the state in a big way,\" said officials from L&T; and Zynergy. They werespeaking at a press conference to announce Renergy 2012, a renewable energy international conference and expo to be held at Chennai trade centre on March 12 and 13.Centre for Wind Energy Technology executive director S Gomathinayagam said the Centre has funded the Scottish Development Agency to conduct a feasibility study on offshore wind energy generation in thecountry.In its draft report, the agency has identified the Gulf of Kutch and Dhanushkodi as probable locations for installing offshore windmills. Gomathinayagam, who will be heading the technical committee on offshore wind energy generation, said there will be a meeting on March 2 to discuss the reportfrom the agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090462", "title": "'Maderna, Malkhan were in touch'", "text": "JAIPUR: The chargesheet in the Bhanwari Devi case claims that Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi had spoken over phone for 13 minutes on July 25 last year after the news of a cabinet minister being involved with a nurse was flashed on some news channels. The chargesheet says that Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan had spoken about the future course of action to eliminate Bhanwari.According to the chargesheet, Bhanwari had made CDs of both Maderna and Malkhan. But on the instructions of Indra Bishnoi, Sohan Lal Bishnoi stole some CDs from the nurse's house. When Indra watched the CDs, they included one showing Malkhan in a compromising position with the nurse. \"She and Resharma Ram destroyed the CD showing her brother in a compromising position with the nurse, while the other CD showing Maderna was kept safe as Indra wanted to blackmail the former minister,\" the chargesheet claims.There is another mention of Malkhan Singh being directly involved in the conspiracy in the chargesheet. Sahiram Bishnoi informed Mahipal Maderna that Malkhan Singh had also asked him to eliminate Bhanwari.Malkhan's name again figures in the chargesheet for his role in the conspiracy when after the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi, Sohan Lal Bishnoi told Amarchand that he was not worried what would happen to him as he had the patronage of both Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Mahipal Maderna.In the chargesheet, Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan's sister Indra Bishnoi are mentioned as plotting the elimination of Bhanwari Devi. Malkhan Singh figures in the chargesheet as the man behind the scene.The chargesheet implies that Malkhan had acted through his sister Indra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092026", "title": "Shehla killer a history-sheeter, drug peddler", "text": "KANPUR: The sleuths of Special Task Force (STF) arrested a sharp shooter in connection with the high profile RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, from the Beconganj area of the city late on Tuesday night. The accused was identified as Irfan alias Shyam. The STF sleuths have also recovered a country-made pistol and several live catridges, from his possession. Irfan is a resident of Heeraman Ka Purwa in Beconganj area. He along with his two aide Shanu Olanga and Salim had killed RTI activist Shehla Masood in broad daylight in front of her house in Bhopal's posh Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16, 2011.Irfan, a listed historysheeter and a drug-peddler, who has more than a dozen cases of crime against him at various police stations in and around Kanpur, confessed to his involvement along with two others in country's one of the most high-profile murder. The breakthrough came after CBI arrested a woman architect Zahida Pervez and a builder Saqib Ali from Bhopal on Tuesday. Earlier, during investigations, CBI had stumbled upon some cell phone numbers operational from eastern parts of the state, and later apprised the DGP office in Lucknow about the same.STF's deputy superintendent of police, Triveni Singh, who headed the operation, informed that Irfan along with his two aides including one Salim and Shanu Olanga had killed RTI activist Shehla Masood. While Salim is still at large, Shanu Olanga, was chased and shot dead by two motorcycle borne miscreants under mysterious circumstances at the Gora Kabristan near the DIG bungalow in full public view on November 30, 2011. Olanga, a resident of Heeraman Ka Purwa, and a member of D-2 gang was also a `Supari' (contract) killer.Irfan further told the police that a builder Saqib Ali, had only briefed him about the gruesome plan during his visit to Bhopal in the month of July last year. Later, he along with Shanu Olanga and one Salim had boarded Mumbai bound Pushpak express from Kanpur Central and reached Bhopal on August 10, 2011. \"Irfan was roped in by a builder Saqib Ali, who hails from Bhopal. Women architect Zahida Pervez had given Saqib Ali a 'supari' (contract) of Rs 3 lakh for eliminating RTI activist Shehla Masood. Saqib Ali, however, in turn had hired a drug-peddler Irfan, who further sub-contracted the job to Shanu Olanga and Salim, and had given them Rs 2 lakh for the task,\" said a senior STF official while talking to TOI.As per the arrested Irfan, before killing Shehla, all the four including builder Saqib Ali, Irfan, Shanu and Salim did a `recce' of the deceased's Koh-e-Fiza house in Bhopal, for nearly three consecutive days, he added. Thereafter, Saqib had arranged a motorcycle and firearms for them. \"The trio had then reached Shehla's house on a twowheeler at around 11 am on August 16, 2011. As soon as Shehla came out of her house and took to the driving seat of her four-wheeler, Shanu Olanga armed with .32 bore pistol intercepted her and had first opened fire on Shehla from close range and later Irfan too joined him,\" said he.Sources, however, further informed that CBI is now examining that if Shanu Olanga had been killed to avoid detection of conspiracy to eliminate Shehla or was his murder a fallout of a local gangwar as the Industrial City police till date could not confirm about the photographs of the two assailants clicked by some passers-by shortly after the murder of Olanga near the DIG bungalow on November 30, 2011. Neither Irfan nor the local police could provide much details regarding the third accused Salim to the STF till late Tuesday night since they do not have his photograph or any police record.Meanwhile, the metropolitan magistrate VII of Kanpur nagar on Wednesday granted 14 days judicial custody remand to Irfan alias Shyam an alleged killer of RTI activist Shehla Masood of Bhopal and sent him to jail. The Beconganj police presented Irfan before the Court in the afternoon hours and apprised the Court that accused was arrested under 25 arms act and under section 307 of the IPC.Moreover he was also wanted by the CBI for killing RTI activist Shehla Masood. Shehla was shot dead outside her Koh-E-Fiza residence in Bhopal on August 16, 2011. Irfan would be sent to Bhopal if CBI would seek transit warrant from the Court for further investigation or trial of the murder case and submit the same in Kanpur Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12089986", "title": "Panel to come out with poll date today", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Delhi high court ruling in its favour, the Delhi State Election Commission is all set to notify the election date for the municipal polls. Sources say the model code of conduct will come into effect from March 10 as the commission is planning to hold the election on April 15.On Wednesday, the high court dismissed the petitions challenging the seat reservation formula worked out by the poll panel. \"There is going to be no change in the seat reservation formula. We are studying the judgment and will formally announce the election date on Thursday,\" said Rakesh Mehta, state election commissioner. \"The election commission is planning to hold the election on April 15 and counting on April 17,'' said a source.The court's decision has come as a big relief for various political parties that didn't want to delay the election process. Welcoming the court's decision, Subhash Arya, leader of the MCD House, said, \"The election commissioner had discussed the seat reservation formula with all political parties before notifying the reservation list. The BJP was never against the reservation list. But now we can start our preparation.\" The BJP's first core group meeting to finalize 272 candidates will be held on Thursday. The party has already identified prospective candidates - more than three from each ward - for the 272 wards.The Congress has also welcomed the court's decision. \"We welcome the court's decision. There is no point in challenging the decision in the Supreme Court. Now, councillors should focus on preparing for the elections,\" said J K Sharma, leader of Opposition in the MCD House.The new seat reservation formula that was worked out after implementing 50% reservation for women had displaced close to 154 sitting councillors. Political parties like the Shiromani Akali Dal is the worst affected as all its five sitting councillors have lost their seats due to the new formula. \"The party will discuss the matter with our alliance partner BJP. All our councillors are affected by the new formula. But a decision regarding challenging the Delhi high court's judgment in the Supreme Court will be taken on Thursday,\" said Manjinder Singh Sirsa, SAD councillor from Punjabi Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12095959", "title": "Cabinet OKs tougher penalties under Motor Vehicle Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday approved the proposed changes in the Motor Vehicle Act. This paves way for passing the legislation in Parliament to increase penalty on traffic rule violators across the country.The new bill which will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha duing the Budget session has provision to slap Rs 500 fine for not wearing seat belt and helmet or for jumping a red light for the first time. The bill introduces fines for using mobile phone while driving.The fines will multiply in case the same offender violates the traffic rules subsequently.As per the new provision drunk driving would be dealt with high penality and even jail term. Drunk driving will be graded according to alcohol levels in the blood with a punishment that can go up to a two-year jail term and Rs 5,000 fine or both.Repeat traffic offences will fetch stiff fines with jumping red lights or not using seat belts and helmets attracting fine between Rs 500 to Rs 1,500. The first offence of using cellphone will mean Rs 500 fine and subsequent infringements can set the offender back by Rs 5,000 in penalties. To discourage the use of cellphones, which have emerged as a key reason for road accidents all over the world, the new bill has proposed stiff fines.Working on the proposition that higher fines work as a deterrent and can induce greater respect for the law, the Cabinet is expected to clear a slew of amendments in the Motor Vehicle Bill on Thursday. The increase in some categories are up to eight-10 folds over existing fines. The changes intend to make the vehicle owner responsible in case a minor is caught at the wheel.The proposals to hike fines aim to target the major causes of accidents and fatalities on India's roads - drunk driving, speeding, non-wearing of seatbelts and helmet and use of cellphone. To penalize habitual offenders, the bill incorporates higher fines and longer jail terms for repeat offences.The disrespect for speed limits could attract Rs 1,000 fine for the first offence. Subsequently, the penalty could be as high as Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090858", "title": "UGC will not send teams to assess needs of varsities", "text": "PATNA: In a marked departure from its earlier practice, the University Grants Commission (UGC) will not send teams of experts to the universities to assess their development needs during the 12th Plan period.In a recent communication received by Patna University (PU) from the UGC, it has been made clear that \"as a measure of reform, the UGC has decided to discontinue henceforth the mechanism of sending teams of expert committees to the universities for assessment of their financial requirements for general plan development grants. The visit of the teams to the universities used to cause delay in the implementation of the programmes as well as underutilization of the funds allocated to the universities.\"PU development officer Sanjay Kumar Sinha said that the university would now have complete autonomy to prepare its perspective plan and send it to the UGC after getting it approved by the statutory bodies of the university.PUTA elections: The atmosphere in PU became quite surcharged on Wednesday with the publication of final electoral roll for the Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA) elections scheduled for March 17. Filing of nomination papers for seven key offices and for executive committee members would commence on Thursday, said PUTA general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh. PU biochemistry department head S R Padmadeo has been appointed the chief returning officer of the elections.Singh said that PUTA achieved considerable success in getting the genuine demands of the university teachers redressed during its last two terms. These achievements include confirmation of services of lecturers appointed in 2003, payment of salaries for the last strike period, implementation of rotational headship, clearance of backlog of pending promotion cases, implementation of revised UGC scales of pay and enhancement of the age of superannuation of teachers.Payment of scholarship: The governor's secretariat has written a letter to the state science and technology department to look into the matter regarding non-payment of scholarships to minority students of the National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP) and initiate remedial measures.Earlier, a delegation of NITP students led by JD(U) technical cell general secretary Mukesh Kumar Singh had met the governor and urged him to intervene in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12091311", "title": "3-day global meet on fin inclusion begins at XLRI", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: XLRI has geared up to host the three-day global meet on financial inclusion commencing on Thursday. Noted personalities from the field of banking, finance services and insurance (BFSI) are scheduled to deliberate on ways and means to make finance and insurance work for the poor in the three-day meet.Reserve Bank of India CGM Deepali Pant Joshi, SBI MD and group executive A Krishna Kumar, BSE deputy CEO Ashish Chauhan, NABARD CGM Niraj Kumar Gupta, ICPRD chairperson Dr Nandini Azad and Dr David Dror, chairman, Micro Insurance Academy, among others, will be the key speakers at the meet.\"Financial inclusion is a priority for India today and to ensure it, the biggest challenge is of inclusive growth. Moreover, a suitable framework for financial inclusion is also of paramount importance,\" said XLRI professor H K Pradhan.The meet will discuss and sketch a possible road map for building an inclusive financial sector, serving the poor and marginalized communities, including micro entrepreneurs, who belong to the lower rung of the economic strata.\"The workshop will serve as a forum for intensive discussion among researchers, policy makers as well as field interveners involved in financial inclusion,\" said a member of the organizing committee.The event will also witness presentations of success stories by innovators that can be replicated everywhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091796", "title": "Baby abducted from Cama Hospital\u2019s OPD", "text": "MUMBAI: A 7-month-old boy was abducted from the Cama and Albless Hospital when his mother had gone away to collect admission forms on Wednesday afternoon. This is the fourth incident of baby theft from a public hospital in the last three years.The mother, Durga Kale (20), came to the hospital's OPD around 11am and stood in the queue with her baby, Vishwanathan, when an elderly lady started chatting with her. Vishwanathan had rashes all over his body and Durga was told by doctors that the boy needed to be admitted . This is when Durga asked the lady to take care of the baby as she went away to fetch the admission form. Durga's sister-in-law Malan said the elderly lady, who appeared to be in 60s, had befriended the former and even offered her tea and vada pav as they stood in the OPD queue for two hours. \"It seems that lady had befriended Durga ,\" said Malan. The woman tricked Durga into believing that she knew her brother-in-law .Durga and her husband Surli, a towing van driver, are homeless and stay on a footpath in Churchgate . Vishwanathan is their only child. Durga was inconsolable and did not want to talk about the incident. The Azad Maidan police have registered a case of kidnapping . \"We have filed an FIR. The canteen boy has told us he served tea to the woman and has given us a description. We are trying to create a sketch of the woman,\" said the investigating officer. The officer said the hospital did not have CCTVs in that area. The police would now be checking the footage from the Churchgate and CST stations from around that time to see if they can spot the woman and the child. \"We have told the child's parents to look through the video footage from the trains. There is a possibility that the woman might have travelled to the suburbs with the child to avoid getting caught,\" he said. Though the hospital had recently installed 32 CCTVs, that particular corridor near the paediatric OPD was not under surveillance. \"It is difficult to monitor every patient coming to the hospital,\" said medical superintendent Dr Rajshri Katke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12091391", "title": "Vendors demand land, shun sales", "text": "BOKARO: Hundreds of street vendors in Bokaro township kept their shops closed on Wednesday demanding land and other facilities from the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL). The BSL recently announced to begin anti-encroachment drive to remove unauthorized occupants from its land on direction of the Jharkhand high court.At least 500 vendors, whom BSL has identified as unauthorized occupants, gheraoed the town administration building for their demands. There were several women among the agitators who were also seen raising slogans against the BSL management. The demonstrators blocked the main gate of the building for several hours causing huge difficulties to the employees and officials. \"We are having our shop for past 30 years where will I go now? BSL should provide us some land before removing us on humanitarian ground,\" said Pappu Kumar, a demonstrator. The roadside eateries and other shops remained closed in market areas.President of Bokaro district shopkeepers' union Nizam Ansari said they were demanding from the BSL to provide space to the vendors who were working for several years. \"Instead of removing us, it will be better for the BSL management to provide us land where we can set up our shops. BSL should follow Jharkhand Urban Street Vendors (Protection and Livelihood) Act in providing benefits mentioned in it for vendors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089714", "title": "Visnagar idol theft: CID roped in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police has stationed CID (Crime) and crime branch officials at Visnagar to probe into the theft of an ancient idol. The idol was stolen recently from a Jain derasar in Visnagar. Since then the Jain muni of the temple in Umta village has been on fast in protest. The investigation was earlier handled by Mehsana local crime branch officials. However, owing to lack of progress the director general of police, Gujarat, Chittaranjan Singh, has asked CID and crime branch officials to help in the probe. Singh said: \"It is likely that an inter-state gang is involved in the theft.CID has thus been roped in to look into this aspect and hunt for suspects with the help of other state police forces.Ahmedabad city crime branch officials have been asked to probe the case using electronic surveillance techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12092023", "title": "CID raids house of former DNA expert", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CID on Wednesday raided the house of the former Forensic Science Laboratory DNA expert, P K Baruah, here, in relation to the murder of six people in 2009. The six, including two children, were brutally murdered by unknown assailants at Jogdal village in Sonapur area of Kamrup district on December 12, 2009. Those killed were later identified as Harakanta Doloi (45), his wife Sapna Doloi (40), daughters Sabita Doloi (14) and Punita Doloi (9), and son Atul Doloi (6). Harakanta's niece, Tukul Doloi (6), was also killed in the incident.In relation to the killings, the CID earlier this month registered a case (18/2012) against three former government officials, including Baruah, under sections 120 (b), 436 and 201 of the IPC. The CID charged Baruah with destroying DNA samples collected from the bodies of two of the female victims, who were allegedly raped before being murdered.The CID sleuth raided Baruah's house at Devayan path in the city's Japorigog area. The sleuth, while interrogating the former forensic expert for more than one hour, seized several important documents.\"Baruah turned down the CID's supplication for DNA tests of the two arrested, which could have given the investigation a concrete shape. He also said that the samples collected from the bodies of Harakanta Doloi's wife and daughter were not sufficient. Also, he allegedly destroyed the samples without informing the court,\" said a senior CID official.The official added, \"We have seized some documents and also raided the house of one Renu Kala Handique in the case. Handique was also an employee of the lab then and was involved in damaging the samples.\"The CID accused two other police officials in the case. The then officer-in-charge of Sonapur PS, Pranab Kumar Deka, and the investigation officer in the case, Abdul Matlib Chaudury, were also charged with not investigating the case on time.After the incident, police arrested two persons - Mridul Bordoloi and Arjun Bordoloi - for alleged involvement in the killings, but were later forced to free them on bail as there was no concrete evidence against the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089786", "title": "Railway union demands hike in fares", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Federation of Indian Railwaymen on Wednesday demanded a hike in fares of the Indian Railways from the government. The demand was pronounced by General Secretary of National Federation of Indian Railwaymen, M Raghavaiah, in a press conference in Ahmedabad.\"To give you an idea, passenger fare for travelling by train is Rs 260, while private road-transport companies are charging Rs 1,000 for the same distance. The railways should at least charge Rs 600,\" he said, adding that freight fares should also be raised by around 40%.The profit of Indian Railways is diminishing every year due to increasing cost of diesel, construction and other operational inputs. Raghavaiah said that in 2008-09, the railways made a profit of 17% of the total earnings of the freight and this profit fell to 8% in 2010-11. \"This figure is decreasing every year and this year too the profit will be only marginal,\" he lamented.Raghavaiah added that railways need to get better returns as there are 2.47 lakh vacancies that need to be filled. He opined: \"Out of this total number of vacancies, 1.20 lakh are meant for important responsibilities like operating signals, communication gadgets and other safety measures. Because of these vacancies, the current employees are overworked which further add to chances of accidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12091837", "title": "UPPGMEE results declared in record time", "text": "LUCKNOW: The results of UP post graduate medical entrance exam (UPPGMEE) 2012 were declared here on Wednesday night. The exam was organised by the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) on Sunday (February 26) and more than 3,700 candidates had taken the test that ensures admission on 400 odd seats in specialisation courses across the state medical colleges and CSMMU.This means that the results were declared in less than three days. Medical university spokesperson Abbas Mahdi said the exam was divided into MD/MS and MDS categories. In the first category, Gunjan Bhatnagar ranked first, followed by Garima Dang and Shubham Singhal at the second and third positions respectively. Disha Agarwal and Rajeev Singh secured the fourth and firth slots. A category-wise analysis of the results showed that there were 11 OBC candidates in the top 50 positions. No student from the SC/ST category could register his presence in the merit of top 50. A total of 3,243 candidates had taken the exam, out of which 142 secured more than 75% marks. As many as 2,154 candidates secured 50%-74% marks, while the remaining scored 40%-49% marks.In the MDS category, 579 candidates appeared, of whom only eight could secure 75% marks. As many as 296 candidates scored 50%-74% marks, while the remaining secured 40%-49% marks.While Abhishek Parashar stood first, Dhirajsinh Solanki and Sagar Sareen bagged the second and third positions respectively. Gunjan Garg and Anaika Jain secured the fourth and fifth slots. Though most of the students were excited over their results, it turned out to be a sweet dream for Garima. The daughter of a doctor couple based in Saharanpur, Garima was sleeping when she got to know about her score. \"All these days, I slept thinking about the results. It took me a moment to realise that I have achieved what I aimed for,\" she said.The girl wants to pursue dermatology but that may not be available in UP. \"As of now, I will wait for the result of other exams to come. But if I don't get that, I may take up radiology at CSMMU,\" she said. Equally elated was Disha Aggarwal who secured good marks and scores of medals in the convocation ceremony held in December 2011. She screamed in excitement when she was informed about her result. \"I don't know how to react to this. I am feeling on top of the world,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094527", "title": "Surojit turns to Facebook for movie lyrics", "text": "So you thought Bengali poets were all about khadi kurtas, chappals, long jholas and Nandan? Well, musician and lyricist Surojit is hellbent on breaking that stereotype, and that too in the unlikeliest of places - on Facebook.His FB page - 'Surojit o Bondhura Kobita Club' - has become the fount of some inspired online poetry with everyone from six to 60 - techies, teachers, journalists, students, homemakers - writing in. What's more, he plans to shape the poems into songs and use them in his forthcoming films.It all started one December morning, when he asked members of the 'Kobita Club' to write lines to follow 'Ar bhallagena tomay chhara....'. Since then, 460 members the world over have been busy brainstorming and coming up with lines that are shaping up as some great poetry.The first poem, \"Aar bhallagena tomay chara/ Katena shomoy/ Pacchi na kono shara/ Aar bhallagena tomay chara/ Ghorir kata ektu dara\", have had members like Kakali Goswami, Preetha Roychowdhury and Prasun Biswas contributing a line each, apart from Surojit. \"There was a time, when I was just a sales personnel who could sing. I had a bank of poems and I could turn them into songs. Had I not got the right opportunity, I would've still remained in a 10x5 job. There are so many like me. Every Bengali, I feel, writes poetry at some point of time. My job is to provide them with a platform.\"Work is on to create a website. \"Four people, whom I call my admin team, are working day and night on it. One of them lives in London and their enthusiam is inspiring,\" says Surojit.The members are also trying to write in languages other than Bengali. \"\"Geeli baarish ki chhaon mein\" was one such subject that got a huge response. We have plans to take the initiative forward,\" adds Surojit. Apart from turning the poems into songs, he also plans to hold regular poetry sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12092050", "title": "Kingfisher says sorry for flight cancellations, offers free tickets", "text": "MUMBAI: After a series of flight cancellations in February , Kingfisher airlines is now trying to woo its travellers and travel agents back. In a mail sent to various travel agencies, the airline's CEO, Sanjay Aggarwal , apologized for the cancellations and offered a free ticket to all passengers affected by cancellations between February 17 and 26. \"I deeply regret the inconvenience many of your customers, who were booked on Kingfisher between 17th and 26th February, faced due to the unforeseen schedule disruption.Please do accept my sincere apologies to you and your staff for the anxiety and extra effort caused by these sudden cancellations,\" the mail stated. \"We are not only apologizing to them (the passengers) but, as a token of goodwill, offering them a free ticket,\" it added. Aggarwal said that the airline is now operating 200 daily flights between 46 destinations and all agents will be kept in the loop in case of a change of schedule. In order to consolidate its image and garner the faith of tour operators , who were largely in the dark when Kingfisher cancelled its flights, Aggarwal said the airline will extend all help in case of any further flight cancellations. If there is any cancellation in the next 60 days, the agent can book his client on another flight (if a Kingfisher alternative is not available) and the airline will pay the difference between the original and the new fare. Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels, said Kingfisher is trying hard to woo flyers.A client, whose flight from Singapore got cancelled , was given hotel accommodation by the airline till he boarded the next flight, Rateria added. Tour operators said the mail is intended to build confidence among agents and flyers. \"There are no new bookings for Kingfisher. This mail may help reduce the skepticism,\" a Fort-based agent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090145", "title": "Minor gang raped by juveniles", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor girl was gang-raped by three friends whom she had accompanied on a trip to Rishikesh. Cops spotted the victim at a railway station in Rishikesh, brought back to Delhi and handed her over to the local police who contacted her family. The girl lives with her parents in the Badarpur area in southeast Delhi.The three accused, who are also minors, were produced before the juvenile board after police apprehended them. Police refused to divulge further details as it is a case involving juveniles.In another incident, the cops arrested a 40-year-old man for allegedly raping his minor step-daughter. The accused has been identified as Yogesh. The incident was reported from east Delhi on Monday.The girl alleged that her step-father had been raping her for the past two years. \"We sent the girl for a medical examination and registered a case after rape was confirmed. The accused has been sent to judicial custody,\" said a senior cop.The girl had earlier narrated the entire incident to her mother who in turn had approached the police for help. The cops swung into action and nabbed the accused. The girl told the police that her step-father would wait for her mother to leave the house and would then rape her. He also allegedly threatened to kill her and her brother if she informed anyone about the incident, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "male", "code": "12095470", "title": "Fresh violence in Maldives; chairs removed from Majlis", "text": "MALE: Fresh violence erupted in Maldives including inside the parliament that was scheduled to open today with supporters of former President Mohammed Nasheed attacking the police and preventing President Mohammed Waheed Hassan from making his opening address.Nazim Sattar, Nasheed's younger brother has been arrested along with 17 other protesters.Even before Waheed came to parliament chambers', Nasheed's Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) members removed his chair as well as that of his cabinet ministers and shouted slogans asking for his resignation.The session, which was to be opened with Waheed's speech, has been delayed.Heavy police deployment was made inside the People's Majlis (Parliament) premises and outside but some MDP protesters got inside the security zone after tearing through the barriers.Some police officers have been injured as MDP protesters threw stones and wood bricks at them. Even some petrol was splashed on certain police officials, who are holding on to their position at the moment.The police have not been given the order to use force to disperse the protesters.Some of the shops belonging to supporters of the current government have been vandalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090772", "title": "Mechanization, subsidies hold potential for revival of agriculture", "text": "PANAJI: Though agriculture has shown a decline due to rise in labour costs and a switch to other occupations, increasing use of machinery and availability of attractive subsidies holds a promise for rejuvenation of the farm sector.Paddy cultivation is the dominant crop, but cashew plantation is a major horticultural crop.\"There is more cultivation of paddy fields in recent years due to wide use of multi-task harvesters,\" a farmer said. With the state assembly elections looming ahead, some politicians have distributed free power tillers, mini power tillers and weed cutters. The use of harvesters, which drastically cut down costs and make reaping of paddy crops and bagging of grain easy, is provided free to farmers by some politicians.The government has also provided an attractive subsidy of 75% on purchase of harvesters costing 18 lakh and above, provided the farmers form self help groups.After neglect of agriculture for a couple of decades or more, the government intervened at last, offering a plethora of schemes in Budget 2011-2012. Chief minister Digambar Kamat increased the plan outlay from 23.94 crore in 2009-10 to 51.57 crore in 2010-11 to help the farm sector.Construction of poly houses and green houses under national horticulture mission will be subsidized by 90%. While the Union government provides 50% subsidy, the state will now chip in with 40%.As per present plans, a onetime grant of 80,000 per hectare is proposed to all groups who take up vegetable cultivation in a big way. The expenditure towards seeds, fertilizers, water pump, pipeline, fencing will be covered through a budget allocation of 200 lakh.The allocation for agriculture is just over 4% of the total budget. \"As per the eligibility clause, every state has to provide at least a 4% share of the total state budget for agriculture in order to avail funds under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY),\" an agriculture department official said. In the past, Goa could not fulfill this criterion.Darryl Pereira, a progressive farmer said. \"All these schemes are very favourable toward revitalizing agriculture, but they have to be properly used.\" Farmers say there is no separate cell to usher in full-scale mechanization as in other states, which entrust it to universities or separate cells.The lack of an agriculture policy to freeze cultivable land for farm sector is sorely felt. \"Without an agriculture policy, it will be difficult to achieve the objectives of promoting agriculture,\" a social activist said.Fragmentation of land due to splitting of families into nuclear units is another setback. \"The government has to determine that land above one acre is agricultural land to prevent further fragmentation,\" an agriculture official agreed.The pressure on agricultural land in a state witnessing a boom in construction and tourism sector is enormous. Environmentalists raised concerns over marking of agricultural land for housing in Regional Plan 2021. \"If India or Indians are acquiring farming land abroad, it is a fundamental requirement that we protect every inch of our own land,\" Goa farmers collective member, Abhijeet Prabhudesai said. Food security ahead will be a big concern, he said, questioning the rationale behind allowing conversion of forests and agricultural lands.Darryl Pereira said it was a positive sign but he feels more can still be allocated. \"I feel more should have been allocated because agriculture needs a major shot in the arm. There is much to do there is a mountain of task for revitalization of agriculture,\" he said. Activists in farm sector feel a high powered expert committee should be set up to advise the government and agriculture department officers to revitalize agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090839", "title": "IGIC gets nod for DNB course", "text": "PATNA: Indira Gandhi Institute of Cardiology (IGIC) has been permitted by the National Board of Examination (NBE) to admit students for the DNB (Cardiology) super speciality course, 2012.IGIC director Dr S N Mishra said, \"The institute has been allowed to admit one student for the 2012 session beginning April. A team comprising senior members of Medical Council of India (MCI) had inspected IGIC last year and on its recommendation permission has been granted.\" Dr Mishra said admission for one seat in DNB (Cardiology) would be made through the central pool, result of which will be out shortly.He said that by July, the Doctors of Medicine (DM) course would also start at IGIC, for which the MCI had given its permission earlier. This course was to start in July 2011 itself, but could not be done due to the condition put forth by the MCI that the institute get it affiliated with a university before being granted permission, Dr Mishra said. Now, we have got affiliation for conducting examination of the course from the Aryabhatt Knowledge University (AKU), Patna , he said.Similarly, for admission to the Post-Graduate Diploma in Clinical Cardiology (PGDCC), which started at IGIC in 2011, candidates appearing in combined entrance test of IGNOU for PGDCC course can also opt for IGIC as their choice, Dr Mishra stated. At present, there are 10 seats for PGDCC at IGIC, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091344", "title": "Munda invites all parties for talks on CNT Act in assembly", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday invited political parties to hold discussions on Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act in the assembly.Addressing the national executive meet of the BJP Scheduled Tribe Morcha, he said the act was now being used by the opposition to gain political mileage. \"Every party is trying to exploit the issue by blaming the government. But they are not willing to clarify their own stand,\" the CM said.\"If the parties are concerned about gaining political mileage, they will continue with fuelling the divide and rule policy but if they are concerned about the tribal community they must come up with facts and figures and debate elaborately in the assembly instead of adopting contradictory stand inside and outside the House,\" he said.Munda stressed on assessment of every act saying that the pros and cons of law must be studied from time to time. Citing example of the central act of coal bed methane (CBA), he said it was completely against the interest of villagers. \"The act empowers the government to displace anyone without even complying with the employment clause,\" he said.Citing example of the draft proposal of the Mines and Mineral Development Regulations (MMRD) Bill of the Centre, Munda said the idea to give a share of profit to tribal people seems alluring. But in reality, none of the public sector firms working in mining sector has ever been profited. \"I have written to the Prime Minister expressing my objections to the act, because we have example of Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL), which is under the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction because of loss it suffers.\"The two-day national executive meet concluded with the resolution of ensuring maximum representation of the BJP from the 47 reserved parliamentary constituencies in the country. Morcha's national president Fagan Singh Kulastey admitted that some changes in the act could make it more useful for the tribals . \"We have not studied the act, but as far as rights of tribal for protection of their property are concerned, it must be in place,\" he said.The executive committee has also decided to organize a big function at Mangarh, where over 1,500 tribals were burnt to death by the British rulers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096522", "title": "Sanjna Kapoor's future plans", "text": "With her own theatre platform, Sanjna Kapoor has embarked on a new journey. She reveals her future plans to Deepali S DhingraYou've been associated with Prithvi theatre for the longest time. How does it feel moving away from it? It's actually a huge relief! I can't tell you how much I've cursed it and thought of it as a burden! (laughs) Okay I'm being frivolous now. Of course, it's a choice one makes. I've said this for years now, I wish Prithvi was a child, so that when it turns 21, it leaves home. But it didn't, and now I guess it has. It's a sense of leaving it at its best possible position. You know it's going to be okay, will continue to do well. You have the confidence that you've given it your best. Of course there are mixed emtions. But it's a good thing.Has the idea of setting up your own theatre platform been simmering in your mind for long? I think it's come out of last 10 years of work. I think for me, the turning point was celebrating Prithvi's 25 years. It was a great time to pause and contemplate. It was not 'wow, we have done so much but wait, what have we done?' It made me realise that there is so much more to do. What we have done is a little drop in the ocean. It's a lot even then but there is still so much more to impact. Taking from that and taking from what I believe is my strength after working in this field for so many years, it's a new path but with the same direction.So now we associate you with Junoon... Absolutely! But the focus continues to be theatre. It continues to be the fact that we all believe that the arts are an integral part of a healthy society. Theatre is what we focus on and we believe it is a really important component of our lives today and it needs to be. Sadly, it's not considered that way. Now we're going out in an incredibly proactive way to create platforms for accessibility. Prithvi did that when it was set up 34 years ago and that's what it continues to do. We're now taking that out and saying that we're going to create an impact elsewhere and at different levels - primarily with youth.So what's going to be the immediate step? We have four pillars that we have created that we're going to work on. One is the youth connect, taking a programme that we've been running for 21 years in Prithvi, and carrying it under our umbrella and calling it Arts at Play. It's going to be workshops and plays. We focus on the process a child goes through. Also, we want young people and children to watch really high quality plays. There will be around 49 workshops across the city and over 80 performances.What does the other plans? The second pillar is touring. We believe that even in two-tiered cities, there is an audience for theatre. What's sad is the inaccessibility of platforms. If we can ignite this route, that would be really valuable. The third pillar is igniting other spaces in the city for theatre performances. The fourth is us looking at creating an advisory consultancy possibility where we can work with other groups. What's most exciting is that we're building together. At this stage, you can dream of anything. And it's fun to take your outward dream and streamline it into what is really doable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12095510", "title": "Sexual discrimination case against L&T; Infotech upheld", "text": "NEW YORK: A US court has upheld a class claim of sex discrimination filed against Larsen and Toubro Infotech, a subsidiary of Indian conglomerate L&T; , by its former employee who has alleged she was fired from her job after she informed the company she was pregnant.The lawsuit has been brought by New York attorney Krishnan Chittur on behalf of Deepa Shanbhag and 1,500 past and present women employees. In the lawsuit, which seeks $20 million in damages, Shanbhag had alleged that L&T; Infotech discriminated against its female employees on the basis of sex with respect to job assignment, compensation and created a \"hostile and abusive climate\" for them. It alleges that L&T; Infotech \"discriminated against her and other employees on grounds of sex and pregnancy\".It added that the company \"unlawfully or discriminatorily terminated employment of pregnant employees on \"false pretenses.\" Magistrate Judge Patty Shwartz of the District Court in New Jersey allowed the individual claim of intentional sex discrimination, individual and class claims of sex discrimination under New Jersey Law and a class claim of pregnancy discrimination against L&amp;T.;The court also allowed Shanbhag's motion to add Larsen and Toubro Limited as a party to the lawsuit. Shanbhag, a New Jersey resident, has demanded a jury trial in the case. Chittur said L&T; would now have to \"answer before a jury for its maltreatment of women, and pay these women compensation for what these women had to suffer.\" Shanbhag was hired by the New Jersey-headquartered company as an independent contractor in October 2010 for three months.The lawsuit said L&T;, pleased with Shanbhag's performance, had offered her a full-time position . Shanbhag joined the company as a full-time employee in January 2011. However, Shanbhag informed the company in March that she was pregnant.A day later and only 38 days after Shanbhag joined as a full-time employee, L&T; terminated her employment. During her employment, Shanbhag alleged in the lawsuit, she was repeatedly subjected to an \"unrelenting barrage of sexual harassment\" and criticism of other female employees.In one instance, Shanbhag's immediate supervisor had told her she was replacing \"a dreadful woman who did not know how to dress.\" The court, however, dismissed Shanbagh's class claims for pregnancy, sex and hostile work environment and claims for breach of contract. The court has given L&T; time till March 15 to respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090172", "title": "91 tola gold stolen from traders\u2019 home", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars struck at will at various residential places and a government office in a span of 24 hours.Burglars decamped with 91 tola gold worth around 25.97 lakh as per current market rate and other valuables from the residence of a vegetable trader at Jaripatka. At Jagnath Budhwari, burglars struck at a residence and also the health office of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).The Motwanis of KK Colony in Jaripatka had gone to Bhilai on Monday to attend a marriage ceremony in the family. They were stunned after returning home on Wednesday morning. The miscreants had drilled a hole in the door of the store room in the rear side of the house and accessed rooms through kitchen.Tehsil police were shocked after two burglaries in Jagnath Budhwari. The miscreants fled with gold, silver and other valuables worth nearly 1.16 lakh from the residence of Raut who had left home a day before for a wedding.Within a short distance from the Raut's residence, the miscreants broke into the office of health department of NMC and fled with several equipment, including spraying machines, containers and other gadgets worth more than 1.14 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092047", "title": "Man held for cheating woman after marrying her", "text": "MADURAI: A 28-year-old man from Madurai was arrested by the police after a Singapore-based Sri Lankan Tamil woman charged that he cheated her after marriage.The woman, who had come down from Singapore to Madurai to trace the man after he deserted her, also alleged in the complaint to the city commissioner P Kannappan that he stole her belongings. \"He had also uploaded my private photographs on the internet,\" she claimed. Police are interrogating the arrested man whether these charges were true.The 35-year-old woman, Sarojinidevi, daughter of Kanagarathnam from Sri Lanka said that Sivakumar (28), son of Surender of VOC Nagar from Avaniapuram in Madurai got acquainted with her through a social networking site last year. In December, Sivakumar had told Sarojinidevi that he would marry her if she came down to Madurai. Believing him, Sarojinidevi arrived here and they got married at Kudazhagar temple in the city in the same month, she claimed.The couple later left for Singapore where they were working. However, barely a month after their marriage, Sivakumar failed to return home and went untraceable. To her shock, Sarojinidevi also found that her belongings including some expensive electronic gadgets as well as her international travel documents were missing from the house.Even as she was yet to emerge from the shock, she found that Sivakumar had allegedly uploaded her photographs in a social networking site without her knowledge. She charged that Sivakumar would often harass her and threaten her that he would upload her photographs in the internet if she revealed it to anyone.Learning that Sivakumar had returned to Madurai, she came here a few days back and lodged a complaint with city police commissioner P Kannappan.She sought the police to retrieve her stolen goods as well as to initiate legal action against Sivakumar.After preliminary inquiry, the police arrested Sivakumar from his house and are conducting further interrogation.Police are also probing whether Sivakumar had cheated more women in the same manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12092478", "title": "Use modern techniques in education: Governor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The sixth convocation of UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) was held in the convocation ground of university at Phaphamau on Wednesday. Governor and Chancellor of the University BL Joshi presided over the convocation. The convocation address was delivered by chief guest Padma Shri Prof Harsh K Gupta, member, National Disaster Management Authority.In his address Governor stressed that in the age of information technology, the importance of online education is increasing day-by-day. In this field distance education plays a vital role. In the field of higher education new modern techniques should be used as much as possible, he said, adding that there is need to instill moral and ethical in students. The need of the hour is to introduce courses based on ancient traditions and the scientific attitude of the students should be sustained. Joshi further stated that higher education is not meant to obtain the degrees or diploma but purpose of education is to enlighten the youth so that they can serve the nation.Chief guest Prof Gupta said India has the third largest system of education in the world, next only to US and China with 500 universities and 30,000 colleges in the country. Prof Gupta said only 12 per cent of the population, in the age group of 18 to 23 years go for higher education while the global average is 22 per cent. He said open and distance education was introduced to primarily meet the aspirations of younger generation.UPRTOU vice-chancellor Prof AK Bakhshi presented the annual report of the university. He apprised the Chancellor about the development of the university including UPRTOU preparing to become to virtual an academic institution. \"We are also going to establish e-learning centre of the university. We are trying to give a new scientific and technical shape to the university,\" V-C said.About 12,000 students were awarded degrees and PG diploma at the convocation. Besides, 17 students were felicitated with gold medals. The Chancellor Gold Medal was given to Nivedita Singh of Ballia for scoring the highest marks among all undergraduate and postgraduate students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092576", "title": "HC fines six for bid to claw back acquired land", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming unscrupulous 'litigation mongers' who use courts to drag civil cases over properties, the Madras high court has imposed Rs 60,000 cost on six persons who sought to get back lands acquired in 1983.They shall pay the amount to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority, in equal proportions, within four weeks, ruled a division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran on Wednesday.Expressing displeasure at the poor maintenance of records and data in the state registration department, the judges also asked the inspector-general of registration to take criminal and departmental action against officials who kept registering high-value properties without duly verifying their present status. The six persons, who approached the high court with the present case, too shall face the penal proceedings, the judges added.The matter relates to 4.06 acres of land in Sriperumpudur taluk, acquired for a housing project for dalits of Chembarambakkam village. The acquisition notification was issued in December 1983 and the entire compensation amount was deposited within a year thereafter. The government took possession of the land in 1993, and even distributed it to the beneficiaries.The present appellants 'purchased' the property in December 2006, and initiated a civil case in a local court, and then filed a writ petition too. After the writ petition was dismissed, the six people including the sellers, preferred the present appeal.Rejecting their plea, the bench said: \"It is really shocking to know that the appellants - P Sundar and S Gomathi - having dared to purchase the lands already acquired under due process of law, are initiating different proceedings against the officials as if they are bonafide purchasers of the lands. \"Describing them as 'cunning' litigants initiating 'clandestine' proceedings, the judges dismissed the appeal in order \"to curb the practice of filing fictitious litigations like the one in hand by unscrupulous litigants like the appellants.\"The judges pointed out that the sale transaction was allowed to happen in 2006 and the already acquired property was registered in the names of the present appellants only due to the callous attitude of the sub-registrar's office at Poonamallee. Noting that the present appeal would not have been filed had the authorities were vigilant at the time of registering the documents, the judges said: \"The dereliction of duty of the officers concerned at the helm of affairs at the relevant point of time and their 'inaction', for the reasons best known to them, has precipitated the matter, paving the way for unscrupulous persons to claim rights based on such illegal and fictitious documents.\"They said: \"We place on record our anguish at the apathy and sorry state of affairs prevailing in the registration department in this time of real estate boom and undervaluation of the properties. If such unworthy officers are allowed to deal with the properties, it would not only help the avaricious clients to come up with 'claims' like the case on hand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12092218", "title": "We\u2019re in a good fight, Azam Khan is a worried man: Rampur royal Noor Bano", "text": "Rampur royal Noor Bano has lost twice to Jaya Prada. But tells Subodh Ghildiyal her party is better off this time.Your son Naved is back in the Congress after stints in the SP and the BSP It was his decision to go. But I think it was driven by the property litigation in the family. Azam Khan razed Benazir Palace to the ground despite court orders. Mulayam Singh told me he couldn't intervene in Khan's affairs. I think Naved felt he had to be on the ruling side for protection. Now the suit is in the Supreme Court, so out of state control..... I am sure he is back for good.You joined hands with Khan in the 2009 LS polls. Was that your undoing? I had no pact with Khan. Noor Mahal's feud with him is four decades old when my husband used to contest. Khan switched sides to defeat Jaya Prada. Since my son was in the BSP, I think it was his strategy to snap Noor Mahal's ties with the Congress (by making me suspect). I never spoke to him but our workers fell in his trap.Now, Jaya Prada is opposing Azam Khan. She is pro-Khan. Else, they would not have given a candidate in his bastion, it will only help him.Can the Congress reclaim Rampur? We're in a good fight in all five seats. Even Khan is a worried man in the city. It is after a long time that we're fighting as one... each candidate is helping the other. I called all the five and told them while Naved is contesting one seat I've five sons in this election.It has been a long disappointment here for the Congress... must be hectic this time with all the optimism. My son complains I've not gone to his constituency (Suar). I've to campaign for all. My daughter Samar has come from Mumbai to help her brother. Ours is a sarhadon ki ladai with rivals, a battle for every inch.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi/male", "code": "12090938", "title": "India to remain engaged with Maldives as facilitator", "text": "NEW DELHI/MALE: Pushing for elections in Maldives by the end of this year, India on Wednesday said both the countries had agreed that India would play the role of \"facilitator'' in the archipelago. During his February 27-29 visit to Male, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai discussed the political process with all parties. According to the foreign ministry, all parties expressed the view that India had played a very useful role in taking the process forward as a facilitator and friend of the Maldivian people.Mathai is said to have presented a paper seeking amendments to the constitution within one month to pave the way for a presidential election before December.Addressing a press conference in Maldives, MEA joint secretary Harsh Vardhan Shringla said President Mohammed Waheed had requested Mathai to participate in the All Party Consultative Committee (APCC) talks in a facilitatory role.Official sources in New Delhi said there was general appreciation among the Maldivian political parties of India's role as a facilitator. They also said India's engagement with Maldives would be a \"continuous\" one.Asked if India would send more officials to Maldives, sources said New Delhi did not feel the need to do so at this stage. This was Mathai's second visit to Maldives following the political unrest in the country early this month after the ouster of Mohammed Nasheed as president.Asked specifically about the allegations of interference, Shringla said India did not wish to interfere in any way in the decision making, with regard to the roadmap and on the issue of dates for the early election.However, he clarified that Mathai wanted to know a broad time-frame in which the requisite procedures could be completed for a possible early presidential elections, which has been agreed by all parties in-principle and in the new roadmap announced by the government.He also noted that there should be continuous engagement and talks by all stakeholders to the benefit of the country with a spirit of respect for the constitution and democratic norms. The impeccable friendly relations between the two countries was with people, not with parties, he said.Mathai called on Waheed early on Friday for the second time in less than 24 hours to brief him on the outcome of the talks he had with party representatives and Tuesday's all-party talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090227", "title": "Upcoming acting academy promises big breaks too", "text": "NAGPUR: A willingness to experiment with other career options and a high demand for television and cine actors is giving rise to a new generation of business in the city.With a Mumbai-based film training academy having already set shop in Nagpur, and another one from Pune recently scouting for wannabe actors, it is now the turn of local Bollywood connects to get active.Venkatesh Film Academy and Film TV Production House is the latest initiative to attract those who have been bitten by the acting bug. Addressing the media on Wednesday, actor Vijay Sood, managing director of the academy, said that his organization would be different.Students of this acting school would get support all the way right up to getting auditioned and even accommodation in Mumbai. The academy has retained three flats in Mumbai for this purpose.The ten-day course in the city would commence from March 20 and would be taken in batches of 40 students. It would be in the form of a workshop conducted by FTII alumni Geeta Khanna, documentary filmmaker MK Shankar and Kuldip Sinha, Director of Film Division. Besides acting, the curriculum includes screenplay writing and cinematography.Sood said, \"Nearly ten per cent of the strugglers I come across in Mumbai are from this city. So it has been my wish to do something to help them break ground there.\"Harish Murkute, another MD of the academy, said, \"We plan to launch our own production with a technical crew from Mumbai to give a chance to these students. Our production house will also be producing television serials to absorb this pool of talented actors trained by us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090391", "title": "Opposition seeks details on Pravasi Bharatiya Divas expenses", "text": "JAIPUR: The assembly on Wednesday witnessed unruly scenes over the issue of expenses borne by the state for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD), which was held in at the state capital in January. The matter was raised by the opposition during the question hour and BJP legislators demanded to know if the state had received any investment proposals during the event.Replying to the query, BJP legislator Dr Jaswant Singh Yadav and state industries minister Rajendra Pareek said that PBD is not held with the aim of inviting investments. \"Rajasthan was the partner state this year but the event is funded by the centre. Moreover, the event aims at showcasing the developments in the state and forging bonds with the NRIs,'' said Pareek, adding that no investment proposals had been received during PBD. He also said the state had incurred an expenditure of Rs 6.37 crore for the event.\"Some people have informally approached us but we have not received any formal investment proposal,'' he said. Yadav argued the only benefit the state could achieve through the event was through investments, which it failed to get.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari demanded the minister share details about the tax rebate that several state departments had announced for the participants of PBD. \"Among other things the state government had announced a 90% rebate in air fare for the participants. What is the total amount of financial burden on the state?'' asked Tiwari.Pareek said that special rebates were announced as not all NRIs could afford the expenses. \"There were many who wanted to come to Rajasthan, it being their home state but could not afford the trip. The rebates, not just on flight tickets but also boarding-lodging, were announced for them,'' he argued, though he could not provide the details of rebates or the additional financial burden due to them.This made BJP's chief whip Rajendra Rathore point out that in a reply to a similar query raised a day earlier, the tourism department said the expenses incurred were Rs 8.07 lakh. \"How can there be a difference of Rs 2 crore in the figures?'' asked Rathore, backed by Tiwai.Pareek said it was possible that not all bills had been received by the industries department and the process was underway. This led to the opposition demanding that the question be deferred as the minister was not ready for the answers. \"Industries is the main department concerned and if the minister needs time to gather all the information, the question should be deferred. He cannot just tell the house that discrepancy is possible,'' said leader of opposition Vasundhar Raje. However, speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat chose to end the debate rather than defer the question.Minister assures probe into Mavli violenceMinister of State for Home Virendra Beniwal assured the house that a vigilance committee will look into the recent incident of violence in Mavli in Udaipur district. The assurance came after BJP MLA Kiran Maheshwari backed by senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria alleged the incident had flared up because the SHO refused to take immediate action.\"It was a fight between a mobile shop owner and two youths, who misbehaved with the owner. The SHO refused to file a complaint. The supporters of the shop owner gathered and the police resorted to lathicharge to disperse them,'' said Maheshwari, adding that the mob later pelted stones on police.\"The main culprit is the SHO. Had he filed a complaint on time and taken immediate action, this could have been avoided. There is no scope of improvement if the state government continues to shield guilty policemen,'' said Kataria.In his reply, Beniwal said that the stone-pelting had left the sub-divisional officer of Mavli and six policemen were injured, following which 21 were arrested. The vigilance committee will initiate a probe into the matter and accordingly, action would be taken,'' he said. The opposition demanded that the SHO be first be shifted from the police station before the probe is initiated.Ramnarayan Meena elected deputy speakerCongress legislator Ramnarayan Meena on Wednesday was unanimously elected as the deputy speaker of the Rajasthan legislative assembly. Meena represents Deoli-Uniara constituency in Tonk district.Immediately after the question hour, Ashok Gehlot proposed the name of Meena, followed by state minister of parliamentary affairs Shanti Dhariwal.Similar proposals were proposed by three other members. The proposal was passed unanimously as independent MLA Jeevaram Choudhary, who had filed nominations for the post, withdrew it later.Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat, Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot and Leader of Opposition congratulated Meena, who in his speech said he would do his best to maintain a cordial atmosphere in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090763", "title": "Cong slams SP for EVM tampering charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday slammed Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav for his reported comment that the party will finish fourth if the EVMs are not tampered with, saying the statement reflected SP's nervousness.\"Every individual or party which has been nervous about losing has always been resorting to the excuse of EVM manipulation. Is this the reflection of the intrinsic nervousness, which seems to be characterizing the Samajwadi Party,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said. He wondered why this issue was being raised when the last phase of polls is to take place in a few days.Congress, however, reacted cautiously when asked if the party was confident enough to accept that the UP election results would be a barometer of UPA's popularity among the masses. \"Every time we go through a cycle of elections, there is a tendency to extrapolate it to the national level. But I think it's appropriate that any election result is evaluated in the context of the issues on which that election is fought. I think the appropriate time for evaluation is once the results are out,\" Tewari said.Asked about the party's assessment of its prospects, he said Congress was able to measure up to the aspirations of people. \"I think both our campaign and our candidates have put up a splendid performance in terms of reaching out to the people and we do hope when results come in, they measure up to our expectations,\" Tewari said, insisting that people in the state wanted a change.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092389", "title": "Experts discuss issues plaguing women", "text": "KANPUR: Experts discussed issues like women empowerment during the second day of the lecture series organised by History department of SN Sen Balika Vidyalaya PG College on Wednesday.In her lecture, Dr Mohana Saxena insisted on the human rights concern with the security of women at the national and international level. She said after all the security and powers given through human rights at global level, the condition of women is still miserable. A woman has to make herself compatible, full of confidence and independent to exist against all the odds in dominance of male society, said Dr Saxena. On the other hand, the keynote speaker talked about the condition of women during medieval India. Dr Anil Mishra, on the contrary, spoke about the contribution of woman in the city during the freedom movement.The principal of the college, Dr PL Senger insisted on the role of women in the life of men. She said women must struggle to aim the power and only the willpower and balance made by her amongst the beauty, power and brain can surpass her surpass through the odds of world made by men as well as consolidated with the women power.The vote of thanks as well as the co-ordination of whole programme was done by lecturer, department of History, Dr Sarika Awasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092363", "title": "CSMU extends last date to deposit fees till Mar 3", "text": "KANPUR: The last date to deposit examination fees has been extended till March 3. This was informed by the administration of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University to all degree colleges. Earlier, the last date of depositing the exam fees was February 28 but several degree colleges could not meet the deadline and the university authorities decided to extend the date.Syed Waqar Husain, registrar, CSMU informed that students are only issued admit cards if the fees is deposited with them.He also said that the degree colleges which will not submit the required fee before March 3 would not be given the admit cards. The entire exercise is being done by CSMU administration to ensure that the university exams are conduted in time. The university exams are commencing from March 17. Preparations have been started for conducting the exams. By March 5, the university will dispatch the answer sheets to the remaining number of colleges.The association of self financed colleges have also asked its member colleges to deposit the exam fee before the last date so that the cycle of conducting and declaring of results can go on smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092208", "title": "Cops struggling to identify two robbery suspects", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai police are still trying to identify two of the five bank robbery suspects shot dead at a house in Velachery on Thursday last. The others have been identified as Sujay Kumar Ray, Vinay Prasad and Harish Kumar alias Rajiv Kumar with the help of the Bihar and Mumbai police.The two unidentified bodies along with those of Vinay Kumar and Harish Kumar are at the Government General Hospital morgue where they will remain for four weeks until a decision is taken based on the judicial inquiry. Sujay Kumar's body was earlier taken to Bihar by his family.Sujay Kumar Ray, said to be the mastermind behind the two recent bank robberies in Chennai, was the first to be identified with the help of the Mumbai police.Later, police managed to identify his associate Harish Kumar, whose original name is Rajiv Kumar and who is said to have been involved in two bank robberies in Mumbai. Later, the Bihar police confirmed Rajiv Kumar as one of the five slain suspects and identified another suspect as Vinay Prasad. Both Vinay Prasad and Rajiv Kumar are from Nalanda district in Bihar.The CB-CID have summoned the team involved in the encounter for questioning.The Chennai police had sent three special teams each led by an assistant commissioner to Chhattisgarh, Bihar and West Bengal. The teams had taken along the photographs of the deceased and the voter ID cards recovered from the house in Velachery. The fingerprints of the deceased were also taken.A police officer said, \"The department doesn't have a system of preserving details of criminals. Police don't preserve the data. We are trying to identify the two remaining suspects with the data available with us.\"Meanwhile, sources in the Chennai police said the conditions at the morgue were not good enough to preserve bullet-ridden bodies for long.But there have been cases where bodies have been preserved for many years.Thebody of a suspectin the bomb blast at the RSS office in Chennai remained in the morgue for long before it was disposed in 2009. In this case, too, as per the instruction of the magistrate, the bodies will remain in the morgue, a police officer said.Normally, any unclaimed body recovered in the city remains in the morgue until the police personnel concerned identify it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12090978", "title": "Bail of minister's relative likely to be cancelled", "text": "GAYA: Bail granted by the police to Bablu Kumar, brother-in-law of Bihar urban development minister Prem Kumar, could be cancelled as the Gaya police have filed a 'shuddhi patra' (corrigendum) in the court of chief judicial magistrate on Wednesday adding Section 3 of the Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act, a non-bailable section, in the FIR lodged by a Dalit woman.The Dalit woman, wife of a GRP constable, had earlier lodged an FIR against Bablu, accusing him of making an attempt to outrage her modesty. Prayer for the issuance of a fresh warrant of arrest against Bablu will now be made in the court.Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar confirmed the submission of a corrigendum before the court. Not only that, orders have been issued to seize the revolver of Bablu Kumar and send it for forensic test as he had allegedly also fired from his revolver during his alleged misadventure at the woman's house late on Monday evening.Asked how a revolver license was issued to Bablu Kumar despite tough parameters being followed, including character verification of the license-seeker and the genuineness of the requirement of the weapon, the SSP said that he would look into the records to ascertain when and under what circumstances the licence was issued to the accused. He must have got the license much earlier, said the SSP, as no revolver license had been issued in the last about one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091545", "title": "'Engg dept impeding hiring of architects", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During a monthly house meeting of the municipal corporation (MC) on Wednesday, nominated councillor Surinder Bagga alleged that \"Chandigarh engineering department doesn't want to lose its monopoly and is halting various crucial projects of the civic body by impeding the hiring process of architects and town planners in the MC\".Many crucial works of the MC are pending with the UT architect wing for approval of sites and designs, like community parking lots, sites of sampark and community centers, marriage palaces and playgrounds, among others.\"The engineering department puts hurdles in the working of architects and town planners. About three years ago, the civic body had both an architect as well as a town planner. When they had quit, the town planner said the engineering wing was interfering in their functioning. It's a serious issue, as it is affecting developmental works. These posts should be filled to expedite the city works,\" Bagga said in the meeting.Officials of the engineering wing, however, denied the allegations and said they were trying their best to complete projects. Bagga told TOI, \"MC requires at least four architects and two town planners. Besides, there is no co-ordination between MC engineering wing and UT.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090128", "title": "Blast averted in Delhi in nick of time", "text": "NEW DELHI: This report would have been on the front page in the same position, but might have easily told a very different story - one of a bloody bomb attack in one of the most crowded markets of the city. For, police detectives, after painstaking investigation involving at least three agencies, swooped down on a south Delhi colony to pick up two young men in the nick of time before they were setting off to allegedly plant a deadly bomb in Old Delhi's Chandni Chowk on Wednesday.The target of the bombing plot - said to have been hatched by Pakistan-based terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba - was the cloth market in Chandni Chowk. As hundreds of yards of cloth are stacked in the market, and piles of it sold on pavements, an explosion was almost certain to start a big fire which, in turn, would have maximized the damage. The possible toll can only be conjectured. Simultaneously, an attack was planned in Srinagar which now seems to have been aborted.How all this mayhem was prevented makes for a rare story that underlines the benefits to be reaped from coordination among different counter-terror agencies just at a time when a full-scale dispute is raging over the setting up of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre.Intelligence Bureau (IB) coordinated with three police forces - Delhi, Jharkhand and Jammu &amp; Kashmir - to uncover the plot. The big breakthrough on Tuesday came when the agencies managed to crack an encrypted message that had been intercepted. The message spoke of an impending attack, spiking the concern in IB which had already sniffed the intent of Lashkar to carry out fresh terror attacks.Working at a feverish pace under the guidance of IB and with the support of their counterparts from Jharkhand and J&K;, Delhi Police finally managed to catch up with the two alleged bombers - Ahtesham and Shafaqat, who had already assembled an improvised explosive device from the ingredients they bought in the Capital on Monday. Their plan was set off the bomb in Chandni Chowk's congested cloth market on Wednesday.The detectives are said to have found large quantities of explosives, five mobile phones, two memory sticks, detonators, passports and certain literature from the rented flat of Ahtesham and Shafaqat. Interestingly, one of the memory sticks has a video of Ahtesham being trained to make IEDs and fire AK-47 rifles in Pakistan by what appears to be LeT commanders, the police said. The video \"how to use it\" manual only underlined the determination not to leave anything to chance.The passport of Ahtesham, whose father lives in Kashmir and mother in Giridih, Jharkhand, shows that he had gone to Pakistan using the legal channel in December 2011 and came back to Jammu &amp; Kashmir in January. Police sources claimed Ahtesham was referred to by Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani for a Pakistani visa.To police sources, the arrest of the two alleged bombers makes it appear that LeT has changed its strategy. Instead of enlisting modules, it has now switched to using solitary bombers. The change follows the success of police forces in busting several IM modules: each success following the pattern where a lucky arrest led to the unraveling of entire gangs. A solo bomber reduces the risk.Ahtesham and Shafaqat, police sources said, used to report to Lashkar's India commander Abu Hamza and entered India along with some others who were to attack in Srinagar: something which shows that Lashkar, ISI's favourite proxy in the covert war against India, may have revived its terror campaign against India.The success of this coordinated effort between various polices and intelligence agencies can strengthen the arguments of those supporting NCTC, which has been put off in the face of opposition from several states.Complimenting the security agencies for busting the terror module in a coordinated manner, home minister P Chidambaram said the two arrests was a \"very important breakthrough\". The home minister said, \"They were planning to detonate a bomb or more than one bomb in crowded localities.\" He pointed out that the busting of the LeT module underscored the need for NCTC.He said some more people were detained in this connection and they would be produced before local courts in due course of time. Asked whether any VVIP was on target, the home minister said, \"There was no VVIP on their target.\"A top official said Ahtesham was inducted by Lashkar also because of his non-Kashmiri looks. \"The reason for choosing him was that his mother is from Giridih (Jharkhand) and he does not look like a Kashmiri,\" he said. Officials said they were probing the role of Syed Ali Shah Geelani in the matter.The police is still not giving all the details as the operation against LeT operatives isn't over. Special commissioner of police P N Aggarwal said, \"We are hoping to make one or two more arrests and the operation is going on.\" Shafaqat and Ahtesham were produced before additional chief metropolitan magistrate Smita Garg who sent them to police custody for 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12091875", "title": "Five policemen face assault, murder charges, suspended in custodial death case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Police registered the first incident of custodial death in 2012 on Wednesday, when a murder suspect died in police custody in Sitapur. On the complaint of the victim's family, five police personnel including the police station in charge have been put under suspension and a case of assault and murder lodged against them, no arrests were made till late on Wednesday night.Additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order and Crime Subesh Kumar Singh said that the post-mortem report of Jabbar is awaited and further action will be initiated against the accused cops in case the autopsy confirms that the Jabbar died of ante-mortem injuries. \"The incident has been taken very seriously and the guilty will be brought to book,\" Singh said told TOI on Wednesday night. Reports said that headless body of a woman was recovered from the farm field of Chetram in Parwatpur Kodra village under Tambaour police station on the outskirts of Sitapur, some 100 kilometres from Lucknow on February 19, 2012. tnnA case of murder was lodged and during the course of investigations, police reportedly came across the names of Jabbar and Sartaj of Gardausa village under Sakran police station of the district.Police reports said on the basis of the clues gathered during the course of investigations, both Jabbar and Sartaj were summoned to their local police station of Sakran. Police said during the course of questioning, Jabbar suddenly took ill and was rushed to the district hospital where the doctors pronounced him dead on arrival. Expectedly, police claims that Jabbar was apparently unwell and died of some illness, the victim's family insists that the youth was tortured to death.Sensing resentment brewing among the locals in Sitapur over the death of Jabbar inside the police station, senior officers met the victim's father Hafizullah of Gardausa village who in turn submitted a written complaint against the police team, which picked up Jabbar and allegedly tortured him for days, till he died. Hafizullah claims that his son had no criminal cases pending against him and was being forced to confess the murder by the police. \"As he was innocent, he refused to tow the police line and as a result, died during torture,\" Hafizullah said.The policemen accused of murder have been identified as sub inspector (SI) Trishideo - the station officer (SO) incharge of Tambaour police station, SI Anjani Kumar - incharge of the special operations group (SOG) which was helping the cops at the Sakran police station to crack the case along with constables Birpal Singh, Abdul Rafe and Anil Kumar . All the five cops have been put under suspension with immediate effect. A magisterial inquiry has also been ordered into the death of Jabbar - a mandatory provision in case of police custody death.Jabbar's body was sent for post-mortem examination to establish the cause of death. The autopsy was completed but the report is yet to reach the district police chief Sitapur, when reports last came in on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092073", "title": "Natarajan produced in court, custody extended", "text": "MADURAI: M Natarajan, the husband of Sasikalaa, former aide of chief minister Jayalalithaa , and two others, were on Wednesday produced before the judicial magistrate court-2 in a land grab case. The judicial magistrate later extended their judicial custody till March 14.The land grabbing cell police, Thanjavur had filed a petition seeking three days police custody for Natarajan, Gubendran, Chinniah alias Venkatesh lodged in the central prison in Trichy on charges of grabbing 20 acres of land in Vilar village in Thanjavur. On Tuesday, when the petition had come up for hearing, the police produced the trio in the court where the judge permitted for one day police custody from 6pm for the next 24 hours.Meanwhile, Natarajan's counsels opposed the petition stating that the case was fabricated by the police to foist a case on him. Further, the police were yet to produce any evidence to prove his link with the construction of memorial being taken up by a trust led by Tamil Nationalist Movement leader Pazha Nedumaran on the grabbed land for Tamil Eelam martyrs.Natarajan also appealed to the magistrate not to allow for police custody as he suspected them of killing him in an encounter. Taking the argument into consideration, the magistrate permitted for one day police custody on Tuesday. According to a source, the police made inquiries with him and two others in Thanjavur east police station. They grilled him about his frequent visit to foreign countries in the past six months.As the court permitted for police custody till 6pm on Wednesday, they took Natarajan and two others to the court in the afternoon itself.Prior to producing him before the magistrate, the police allowed Nedumaran to meet Natarajan in the court premises.The meeting lasted for about 15 minutes and then the police produced him about 2.45pm.The magistrate then extended the remand for the trio till March 14 They were then taken to the Trichy central prison.Meanwhile, Natarajan on Wednesday filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking to grant bail to him. Natarajan filed the present petition after his bail plea was dismissed by the principal sessions judge, Thanjavur on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092600", "title": "\u2018Improving access to higher education will be a priority\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Improving access to higher education, especially in rural areas, will be the priority of the Tamil Nadu State Council of Higher Education, said professor Cynthia Pandian, after she assumed charge as vice-chairperson of the council on Wednesday. She takes over from A Ramasamy, who resigned from the post and was relieved from duty in December 2011.Speaking to reporters , she said, \"There is a lack of motivation to pursue higher education among many first generation learners. Uneducated parents don't know the worth of getting a higher education.\" She said that to change this situation, school teachers should take the responsibility of advising students on choosing appropriate careers and encouraging them to go to college. She stressed the need for more colleges, post graduation centres and state universities.She also spoke about the need for developing the skills of arts and science students. \"Few arts and science graduates get employment relevant to their educational qualification. Around 30% to 40% of these graduates are underemployed, while engineering graduates are somehow able to settle down in relevant jobs.\" She said this called for improving skills of arts and science graduates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091423", "title": "2 held for cheating diamond company of Rs 4.7 cr", "text": "SURAT: Police have arrested two of the four persons who allegedly cheated a man of Rs 4.70 crore by not repaying for the purchase of rough diamonds from him.Two persons, Nilesh Anghad and Anil Anghad were arrested, while others Dharmendra Anghad and Devshi Anghad are on the run. The four are family members who run diamond polishing business.They used to purchase rough diamond from Ashapura Exim in Mahidharpura. They earned the trust of this firm by making the payments regularly in the beginning. They started purchasing rough diamonds on credit from Ashapura Exim in September 2008. They did not pay money for next few months.Ashapura Exim realized that the Anghad family purchased rough diamonds worth Rs 4.70 crore on credit and stopped giving them rough diamond on credit. Despite approaching them, the Anghad family refused to pay the money and started threatening them of dire consequences when they called for recovery. On realizing that it was a fraud, Ashapura Exim approached the city police commissioner who asked the crime branch to investigate in the issue. tnnAshapura Exim is Indian branch of Diambell NV, a diamond firm based in Antwerp, Belgium. The firm is owned by Paresh Sanghvi and the Surat branch Ashapura Exim is managed by Alpesh Vekariya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094376", "title": "Salman Khan refuses Arya 2", "text": "While most Bollywood A-listers are completely sold on South remakes, Salman Khan does not believe in the herd syndrome.Probably, Khan had enough of South replicas after his 2011 blockbusters Ready and Bodyguard. When approached for the remake of another South flick Arya 2 by UTV, Khan categorically said 'No.'An industry-insider told Mumbai Mirror, \"UTV wanted Salman. They even held a screening of Arya 2 for him. But, later, Salman declined the offer.\"Trade circles were buzzing about Khan's involvement in this UTV project for the last couple of months. However, the insider added, \"It's definitely true that Salman won't star in Arya 2. Nobody is aware of his reason for refusing the film.\"Arya 2 is a 2009 Telugu romantic sequel to the 2004 superhit Arya, starring Allu Arjun. Arya 2 saw Allu Arjun paired with Kajal Aggarwal of Singham fame. Director Sukumar was the captain of both the ships.After all, this is not the first time that Khan has said no to a South Indian remake. Earlier, he refused Mahesh Babu's Hindi remake of Dookudu. Apparently, Khan wasn't keen on playing a cop for the sixth time in Dookudu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092034", "title": "Out of sight: Bring back those chirpy mornings", "text": "BANGALORE: Do you remember when you last woke up to the chirp of sparrows early in the morning? The little birds are fast vanishing from the city, raising concerns of a degrading ecosystem. As a first step towards bringing back the winged friends, an international conference on sparrows will be held here on March 20.Biodiversity Conservation India Ltd (BCIL) members said the conference will see international scientists, bird watchers, academicians, government and forest officials, environmentalists, wildlife enthusiasts, policy makers and administrators, among others. March 20 is celebrated as International Sparrow Day.\"Sparrows play an important role in sustaining the environment and help in forest regeneration, pollination and pest control. They play the role of bio-indicators as well and help in keeping the environment clean,\" said Chandrashekar Hariharan of the Biodiversity Conservation India Ltd.\"With its typical nesting spaces like shrubs and bushes, Bangalore was once the place for sparrows. It is now increasingly being stripped off its green cover. Rapid urbanization, excessive use of pesticides and no proper place for nesting has contributed to the decline,\" said Dinesh CS, director-technologies of the Biodiversity Conservation India Group.No serious study has been done on a city-level and there's little effort to conserve the habitat of sparrows, experts said. Better bird management (including mapping) in urban areas is one of the solutions, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091780", "title": "Wish happy birthday to our little leaplings!", "text": "Leap day was a joyous occasion for several couples in the city when they became proud parents, some for the first time. Government-run Vani Vilas Hospital and Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital registered the birth of twenty and four babies respectively. Private hospitals too registered several leaplings.Homemaker Samrin gave birth to her third child, a bonny boy at 3.20pm. \"We never planned for a leap year baby. He is God's gift to us and we'll celebrate his birthday on March 1 every year and, of course, on February 29 in leap years,\" said Samrin.Another homemaker Kavitha delivered her third baby, a girl at 5am. Her husband Karan said: \"We already have a son and a daughter and she's very special as she's born on this day. Both my children are very happy to see their little sister.\"Chandramouli, a techie and his wife Kamala, were excited to welcome their second son. Kamala delivered her second child at Cloud Nine Hospital around 9am. \"He's a healthy boy and born through a normal delivery. We pretty much wanted the baby to born on this day as it's a special date,\" said Chandramouli. The couple has a four-and-a-half-year old son.Saratha and Uma Shankar chose to have a baby on a leap day as the doctor suggested she would face complications if she wasn't operated upon immediately. The surgery was at Manipal Hospital at 9am and she delivered the baby girl through caesarean section. \"I suffered miscarriages a couple of times and did not want to take any risk. She is very precious to us. Her birthday will always be special,\" said Saratha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090182", "title": "Metro crowded within Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: With few autorickshaws on the roads out to fleece commuters during Tuesday's strike, public transport facilities like the DTC and the Delhi Metro tried to lessen the hardship of common people.The Metro recorded a ridership of 14.19 lakh people on Tuesday despite the generally crowded Blue line between Noida/Vaishali and Dwarka sector 21 having fewer commuters because of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections in the satellite town and adjoining areas. Noida City Centre saw a footfall of just 19,500 against Monday's 30,000 while Vaishali in Ghaziabad, which also went to polls, had 22,000 passengers against 29,500 on Monday. A total of 15.22 lakh people used the Metro on Monday.Sources in the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation said the ridership within the city limits might have gone up because of the unavailability of autorickshaws. \"The ridership was the maximum on the HUDA City Centre-Jehangirpuri corridor, where a ridership of five lakh was reported till 8pm on Tuesday,\" said an official. The average number of commuters on this line on a usual day is 4.5-5 lakh.Even the Blue line recorded a ridership of 4.7 lakh till 8pm. Tanu Sharma, a regular commuter from Preet Vihar, says, \"I had thought that today at least the trains would be empty as it was a holiday in UP but it was as crowded as any other day.\"Amandeep Sanghi, who travels on the Central Secretariat-Badarpur corridor, said more commuters could be seen on the Metro than other days.\"Usually, there's very little crowd and never any line for tokens at the Kalkaji Metro station but today the train got really crowded. I could see a line at Nehru Place station as well.\"The Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC), which usually plies 5,000-odd buses, added 200 more to their daily fleet to meet the demand. The addition, however, didn't have a huge impact on the revenue, with the DTC posting an operational revenue of Rs 1.59 crore in the morning, only a little more than Monday's Rs 1.55 crore.Commuters, though, said most buses were crowded during peak hours. Many also complained of low frequency of buses, especially during non-peak hours. \"The DTC deployed more buses. But there may have been delay on the routes due to traffic or bunching of buses,\" said the DTC spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sanquelim", "code": "12090411", "title": "PM made 'Maunmohan' at Congress Sanquelim rally", "text": "SANQUELIM: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was acutely embarrassed as he sat idle for 25 minutes after the public address system failed at the Congress election rally at Sanquelim on Wednesday evening.The technical snag occurred a minute after the prime minister began his speech. Initially, it was thought that the power supply had failed, but people later realized it was the public address system that had developed a snag.The prime minister remained standing for a few minutes, perhaps hoping that the problem would be rectified quickly, but as it became clear this would take some time, speaker Pratapsingh Rane requested the prime minister to take his seat.As Singh sat idle for nearly 25 minutes, it was left to his ministerial colleague Praful Patel, who had addressed the meeting a few minutes earlier, to engage the prime minister in a conversation. This was the first time that a prime minister was addressing a meeting in a remote part of the state-in Bicholim taluka.Chief minister Digambar Kamat, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar, All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary in charge of Goa desk Jagmeet Singh Brar, secretary Sudhakar Reddy, health minister Vishwajit Rane-all embarrassed by the development-were seen rushing to the spot where technicians were at work, but repairs could not be hurried. The PM later resumed his speech after the snag was rectified.Shirodkar later told TOI that the sound system's \"mixer\" had got burnt leading to a collapse of the entire system. The technical team tried its best to repair it, he said.Sources said that Special Protection Group's (SPG) technical personnel also pitched in to help. \"It was bad luck for us and caused much embarrassment,\" Shirodkar said.As repairs were taking time, some of the thousands of people who had gathered to hear the prime minsiter, began leaving the venue. Despite the scorching sun, many residents of Poriem, Valpoi, Sanquelim and Bicholim had gathered for the rally.The rally was organized at the initiative of the Congress leaders who wanted to boost the party's image for the March 3 polls. Analysts say the technical snag left a bitter taste in the mouths of top leaders.This incident comes in the wake of a controversy that surrounded the venue for PM's election rally. Initially, permission for the meeting was rejected but the election commission of India, on a review sought by Congress, allowed the meeting citing a 2009 circular which states that as long as such meetings in government educational institute grounds do not affect the academic programme, they may be permitted.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091417", "title": "10 eunuchs held from railway station", "text": "SURAT: Police arrested 10 eunuchs from the Surat and Udha railway stations on Wednesday morning of which seven have been found fake.The eunuchs were arrested following a complaint of attack by a railway passenger on Tuesday.Following information of attack by fake eunuchs, government railway police carried out searches in different trains and railway stations during which 10 were nabbed. After being arrested, three eunuchs informed police that they are real while others are fake and just dressed as eunuchs to earn money.The police will get their physical examination done for confirmation.Meanwhile all were booked for harassing passengers. \"We are yet to identify who are fake and who are actual only after which further actions will be taken,\" said sub inspector, L B Mahida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089744", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 62K stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 62,000 were stolen from house of Dilip Meghani who stays at Skylark apartment at Satellite.In his complaint Meghani, 34, said that the theft was committed when he, along with his family members, was away to attend the funeral of a relative. When their domestic servant Manji Patel reached the house at 11.30 am he found the door open. Manji was taken aback to see three strangers working inside the house. Before he could react, the trio attacked him and fled.Police said that the burglars had broken into the wardrobe. A tool used to break its lock was lying near by. Manji then called Meghani who rushed back home and saw that the burglars had stolen cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 62,000.\"Though this is a case of burglary, since Manji had been attacked by the thieves, this case is being treated as robbery. Accused will be booked under sections of IPC,\" said police. Satellite police station inspector J M Bharwad.In another incident, stock broker Rajan Shah, a resident of Mandar bungalow in Satellite, told the police that his two servants had tried to commit burglary at his house when he was away to his village on February 26. \"Shah had asked his servants Lalit Meghna and Prakash Meghna to look after the house. However, he returned home earlier than expected and caught them in the act of burglary. Security guard of the society nabbed the duo and handed them over to police,\" said a Satellite police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092453", "title": "National seminar on literature today", "text": "KOCHI: The Government College, Tripunithura will organize a national seminar on 'Translating cultures: Scope and Relevance of Comparative Literature' on March 1 and 2.Dr Scaria Zacharia, former head of department of Malayalam, Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit, Kalady will inaugurate the seminar and deliver the first lecture on March 1 at 10 am.Dr N G Devaki, professor, department of Hindi, Cusat will speak on 'An Expedition to Reality - Govardhan's Journey: In Search of Truth' in the first session. On the second day, Dr Sonia James, assistant professor, department of English, St Peter's College, Kolenchery, will talk on 'Towards Re-Canonization: Principles and Concepts Evolving in World Literature' at 9 am, which will be followed by paper presentations.Prof CR Omanakuttan will speak on 'When Cultures Get Translated', followed by presentation of papers. Dr Margret George, principal, will preside over the valedictory session and distribute certificates. Prof Sameera Rajan, department of English will present summary of deliberations. The seminar is being organized by departments of English, Malayalam and Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091946", "title": "MBA girl gives up job to help dyslexic kids", "text": "RANCHI: She gave up a lucrative job to pursue her passion for giving dyslexic children a better life. Thirty five-year-old Gayatri Reddy, an MBA has been relentlessly working towards sensitising parents and teachers about learning disability across the country since 2008.\"They (parents) will do anything from cursing to beating them for their lack of comprehension but never come to terms with the fact that these children are not mentally retarded but are suffering from reading and writing disability,\" said Gayatri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12092319", "title": "Pakistan denies Wiki claim on Osama", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan on Wednesday rubbished Wiki-Leaks disclosure that some of its intelligence and army officers were in touch al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden and knew his whereabouts before his killing in Abbottabad last year. \"These kinds of charges are not new. It is rubbish and tantamount to kite flying - far from the truth,\" said Pakistan military spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas.The claim was made in emails allegedly from USbased think tank Stratfor, which were published by the whistle blowing website along with its five million emails on Monday. Many have argued that Osama could not have lived close to a military academy in Abbottabad without the knowledge of Pakistan's spy agencies. One email said Stratfor was shown information from material taken from bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad and alleged that 12 officials may have known that he had a safe house there.Activist group Anonymous had hacked Stratfor's computers in December.Stratfor founder and CEO George Friedman called WikiLeaks publication of the emails \"a deplorable, unfortunate and illegal breach of privacy'' . \"Like all private emails, they were written casually, with no expectation that anyone other than the sender and recipient would ever see them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12092654", "title": "Stay focused on ground level research: IISER chief", "text": "BHOPAL: He expressed his views at the inaugural function at the 27th Young Scientist Congress at National Science Fair, Lal Parade Grounds on Tuesday.Inaugurating the event, Science and Technology Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya exhorted the participants to do researches on the Indian scientific traditions and methods. He also underlined the need for increasing food grains production and finding out alternative sources of energy in view of increasing population.Principal Secretary Science &amp; Technology Alok Shrivastava said there is need for greater stress on teaching and studies of science in the present context. The number of Institutes for Excellence will be increased for this purpose.Director General of Madhya Pradesh Council for Science &amp; Technology Prof PK Verma said several changes have been made in the format of 27th Young Scientist Congress. Besides expansion of branches of research, award money has also been increased. This year, Young Scientist Congress has been organised in the backdrop of science fair.During the two-day congress, about 200 young scientists would present research papers on 24 subjects like agriculture, chemical sciences, life sciences, environment sciences, computer sciences among others. A panel of judges will select best research papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12090551", "title": "Board exams start today", "text": "AJMER: It's Get.Set.Go... for CBSE students whose board exams start on Thursday. Specialists advise students to relax and drink a good amount of water and concentrate. The Central Board of Secondary Education will conduct Class X and XII examinations from March 1. In Ajmer region, including Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli, around 1,127,373 students are appearing for Class X exam, of which 41,101 have chosen board exams over school-based exams.To take the stress out of the examination system, CBSE has made Class X board exams optional since last year. \"72,656 students are appearing in school-based Class X exams from Ajmer region and the rest have chosen board exams,\" said UC Bodh, region head. There are 399 examination centres in the region for conducting the exam which will end on March 26. \"In board-based exam, out of 41,101 students, 15,786 are girls and 25,315 boys,\" added Bodh.Similarly, 86,420 students are appearing for Class XII exams for which 396 centres have been allotted. Nearly 1,028 schools are participating in Class XII exams. Out of the total 86,420 students, 51,754 are boys and remaining are girls. For Class XII, it is English which is the first paper and for Class X painting will unleash the color of examination.The board has also formed flying squads to check the examination centres and keep a vigil. They have also asked the local administration to provide police security at examination centres.The school-based Class X examinations will also start from March 1 for which the board has sent question paper bank on different subjects. Examination controller MC Sharma instructed the schools to make the timetable in a cluster so that papers are not repeated in other schools. \"The mathematics exam should be organized after March 2,\" Sharma has instructed schools. The school-based exam will conclude on March 15 and the result will be declared in the month of May all over the nation.Fact fileAjmer region (Rajasthan, MP, Gujarat and Dadra and Nagar Haveli)Class XIITotal students appearing - 86,420Girls - 34,675Boys - 51,745Total schools participating - 1,028Total examination centres - 396Class XTotal students appearing - 1,13,737Board students - 41,101Girls - 15,786Boys - 25,315School-based exam - 72,656Total schools participating - 1,350Examination centres - 399", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090210", "title": "Some Class XII exam centres may change", "text": "MUMBAI: Several HSC science candidates have some more unscheduled changes coming their way. The state board will be forced to rearrange some junior college centres for class XII science students after it realized that students of Classes X and XII will appear at the same centres on the same day- March 12. The changes will affect some colleges but students will be informed in advance.This has set alarm bells ringing-the authorities don't want a situation that will contribute to copying or an HSC student helping an SSC student-so venues will have to be changed for some Class XII students. Last week, several students were given multiple exam centres.On March 12, HSC science students will appear for biology paper-II, while SSC candidates will appear for science. SSC and HSC papers rarely clash on days, but if they do, the timings are mostly different and not the same subject. On March 12, both exams will start at 11am and end at 1pm (biology paper-II, HSC) and 1.30pm (science and technology, SSC).Schools/junior colleges that are centres for SSC and HSC science papers have been told to inform their capacity for both exams. \"Under the rule, we have told centres to check if they can have one student per bench. We will rearrange those that do not have the capacity. Students will be informed in a few days,\" said Ishwar Pawar, education officer, Kalyan (W).Pawar added that main centres under his jurisdiction have agreed to accommodate students On their campuses.State board officials claimed that SSC and HSC exam dates or timings never clash. \"The time-table is designed so that students in SSC and HSC have exam dates on alternate days. In case of a clash, some centres will have to be rearranged,\" said a board official. Ravindra Bhise, secretary, Mumbai division, said, \"Many centres will not be hit. We have had discussions with the deputy director and education officials. Since the date clashes, some centres with less capacity will be told to hold the exam in neighbouring schools. Students in affected centres will not be inconvenienced and will be informed much in advance.\"Rukmini Mardhanan, chief conductor and supervisor, Birla College (junior section), Kalyan, said, \"We have been told to accommodate students from sub-centres as biology paper-II of HSC clashes with science of Class X. Two students cannot share a bench for the same subject. As we are a main centre, we have to accommodate all science students in sub-centres at our college. Students will be given prior intimation.\" Generally, 800 students appear at that centre, but that day, there will be around 1,400 and all buildings on the campus may be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092097", "title": "These doctors have arrived", "text": "BANGALORE: \"It was a jackpot!\" said Adarsh K M, rank 1 in the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health and Sciences (RGUHS) PGET. Considering how much each PG seat costs in the market, the rank is, quite rightly, a jackpot, with 8,824 students vying for the medical seats and 2,102 students for the dental seats.Unlike the exam for private seats, boys topped, taking seven of the top 10 ranks. Among the dental top 10 were six boys and four girls.Four from the top 10 were from Bangaloreans in medical list and one in dental.Interestingly, not many of the toppers had a story of childhood passion to narrate. Instead, it's a passion they developed during their years on medical college campuses. Like Pradyot Tiwari, rank 3, a student from Manipal University who fell in love with the subject after reading Harrison's principles in second year. \"I took Biology in Class 11 after my parents asked me to. I was just taking up another course. But in my third semester, when I started reading Harrison's and going to clinics, things changed,\" he told TOI from Lucknow.Pradyot wants to take up general medicine now. \"People are trying to convince me to do radiology, but I want medicine. I like the process of diagnosing diseases. It's mental work and I enjoy it,\" he said,Berton Craig Monteiro, rank 2, is inclined towards orthopaedics. \"It's hands-on.I feel other branches are abstract. This is very practical, you are doing it right away which is very appealing,\" said this Mangalorean.Adarsh KM, who studied at VIMS, Bellary, realized his passion for obstetrics and gynaecology from the second year. \"My mother is a staff nurse, a matron. I come from a rural area in Dandeli. The facility for this branch is not anything great and the demand is huge. If I could do anything about it, I would be happy,\" he said.THE TOOTH DOCTORSDentists today have a dual role to play; they are both artists and healers. Or at least the toppers of RGUHS PGET 2012 think so. They say that more students are opting for dentistry, as the course opens up newer avenues and is paying too.\"Today, dentists are involved in the business of cosmetic dentistry. Smile correction is on everybody's mind, it is cheap surgery. The booming cosmetic dentistry sector pulled me towards the stream,\" said Aman Sachdev, RGUHS, PGET 2012 examination topper.A student of Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Mangalore, Aman hails from New Delhi, and says that rank 1 was never on his mind. \"My exam went well and I was expecting a good result, but I never thought of rank 1. I am looking forward to orthodontics, as the specialization involves cosmetic dentistry,\" said Aman.Noor Saira Wajid Najma Hajira, 22, who scored rank 9 in RGUHS, PGET 2012, always wanted to be a dentist. \"I am from a doctor family. Both my father and brother are doctors (MBBS), but that never intrigued me. I always wanted to be a dentist and help people achieve killer smiles, even if they were not blessed with one. I am looking forward to my specialization in either endodontics or prosthodontics, both of it involves a fair amount of cosmetic dentistry,\" said Noor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12092013", "title": "Ceasefire Supervisory Board chief meets NSCN factions to resolve feud", "text": "DIMAPUR: Maj Gen (Rtd) N George, chairman of Ceasefire Supervisory Board (CFSB) said there would be no more designated camps in Nagaland for any factions of NSCN. He held separate meetings with NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) and NSCN (Khaplang) at Police Conference Hall, Chumukedima, in the wake of the recent spurt in factional feuds between the two factions which has claimed several lives.Maj Gen George said they discussed the nitty-gritty of the ceasefire ground rules, which needs to be strictly implemented by both the NSCN factions. He added that it has been conveyed to both the groups that clashes have to end. He disclosed that the one issue pending with NSCN (K) is with regards to their demand for a sub-office in Dimapur. He said that such office cannot be allowed in a populated area.After the meeting, Wangtin Naga, supervisor of NSCN (K) in CFSB, said that the Centre had given them the go ahead to open a sub-office in Dimapur in October last year. \"We are in the process of identifying a suitable location for the same,\" he added.Wangtin said that gross violation of ceasefire ground rules and the misunderstanding created between the NSCN (K) and the security forces were the other issues discussed during the meeting. He added that the Naga Army must be confined in their designated camps as they are moving around creating security problems. He said that killing Nagas is not going to achieve anything.Wangtin said that although NSCN (K) has not participated in the reconciliation meeting physically, they are part of it and would never encourage killing of Naga brothers. He said that they would not be able to participate in the Naga Reconciliation Meeting on February 29, as they are not prepared When asked whether chairman S S Khaplang has replied to the NSCN (K) cabinet decision to participate in reconciliation meeting, he said they have not received any communication.On the other hand, CFSB supervisor of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi), C Singson said that the 48th CFSB meeting was one of the most fruitful ones and discusses issues to in enforcing the ceasefire ground rules in letter and spirit.\"We believe that we are trying very hard to control the violence which is now spreading all across Nagaland. In fact, coordination between law enforcing agencies, administration and NSCN has always failed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091018", "title": "Relief for citizens as temperature comes down", "text": "MANGALORE: There was plenty of relief for Mangaloreans on the weather front with day time temperatures coming down by 5.5 degrees from Monday's maximum to 33\u00b0C on Wednesday. On Monday, the city recorded a high temperature of 38.2\u00b0C - the highest ever recorded temperature in the past four decades. Wednesday's high is .5 degree higher than the normal temperature recorded in the city.The highest temperature (37.7 \u00b0C) recorded in the past decade was on February 23, 1999. The mark was reached on February 25 this year. The 37 \u00b0C mark had been breached thrice since 2002.B Puttanna, director, Indian Meteorological Department, Bangalore told TOI that the temperature on Monday was abnormally high due to prevailing weather conditions, which was absence of cooling westerly winds (from sea side). \"Also, absence of clouds and clear sky add to this. The situation should improve after February 29 when winter ends and high pressure area develops in the Arabian Sea bringing westerly winds,'' he said. Puttanna said in March, the temperatures will come down in the coast and inland temperatures will rise.IMD personnel here said that since February 23, the temperatures have been on the rise above the normal maximum due to easterly winds blowing from landside towards sea. The humidity was also at the lowest on Monday at 10% in the noon and reached about 48% in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12089948", "title": "Kin assault doctor, ransack hospital after 9-yr-old dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry relatives beat up a doctor, pelted stones on his nursing home, and damaged its stuff at Raj Nagar on Wednesday afternoon following death of a 9-year-old boy allegedly owing to doctor's negligence.According to the family members, Mohit Saxena, a fourth standard student, was being operated for a swelling on his left hand he suffered after a fall at school. Parents claimed the doctor negligently gave an overdose of anaesthesia to Mohit.The nearby residents also joined Mohit's relatives in damaging hospital property. People entered the hospital and dragged out Dr Anil Masand. He was beaten up before his hospital staff rescued him. Later, the hospital doors and windows were shut until Sadar police reached the spot. By the time police reached, the relatives and others had fled from the spot. People scratched out the hospital signboard, broke lights and window panes, and damaged the doctor's car.The parents stated a qualified anaesthetist was not called for the operation. Dr Masand, who operated the boy, told TOI that he had called two doctors Dr Bhardwaj and Dr Yunis for administering anaesthesia. He admitted that Mohit started having breathing problems after being given anaesthesia.Masand said, \"Mohit was not rendered unconscious. He was to be given local anaesthesia to his hand. He was not able to breathe after the drug was administered.\" He asserted post mortem would reveal cause of death.On February 3, Mohit had suffered a swelling after he fell while playing on the school ground. Since the swelling was growing, he was taken to a private hospital near his home at eighth mile-stone in Dattawadi. \"The doctor had told us there was no fracture but put a plaster. He asked us to wait 15 days for the swelling to subside,\" said Sunil Saxena, Mohit's father.The swelling was almost gone after three days but the plaster was removed on February 26. Sunil said since the pain was still there, Mohit was taken to another private hospital where the doctors told them about some bone getting deformed. \"We consulted two other doctors both of whom agreed with diagnosis. Hence, on Monday, we took Mohit to Masand Hospital,\" said Saxena. Dr Anil Masand suggested an operation and asked parents to bring Mohit on Tuesday.Saxena claimed that Mohit was taken to hospital 9 am but the doctor sent them back asked them to come in the afternoon. Mohit was taken to Operation Theater around 2.45 pm. Saxena said, \"Doctors had told us the operation will take only 30 minutes but it lasted three hours. We could see doctors and nurses panicking but they did not tell us anything.\"Saxena then forced himself inside OT and saw Mohit unable to breathe. \"His eyes were open. The doctors told me that he was not able to breathe and since they didn't have ventilators, Mohit had to be shifted to another hospital,\" said Saxena.At 5.30 pm, Mohit was shifted to Metro Hospital in Sadar where he was declared dead after a few hours of treatment at 11.15 pm. Doctors at Metro hospital said Mohit was put on ventilator there but was looked after only by Masand. Mohit's body was sent for post mortem to Indira Gandhi Government Medical Hospital. Sadar police have registered a case of an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091631", "title": "Golf fever gripping region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fever of the Times IGP invitational golf tournament is fast gripping the attention of residents of northern India as organizers here are receiving dozens of inquiries from prominent personalities everyday.Winner of this tournament, which will be kick-started on March 3, will get a glittering cup-shaped trophy. This will be a running trophy, which is made of silver and weighs nearly 1.5 kg. Names of the winners and runner-ups of all three categories will be imprinted on this cup.\"This is the first edition of this tournament and there are plans to make it an annual event. This will be a running trophy and kept at some secure place. The trophy will remain same but names of the winners will be changed every year,\" said one of the organizers.Besides, there would be six glass trophies that will be given to the winners. Unveiling of silver cup and the trophies is expected on March 3.\"Our aim is to bring together people of merit in a high profile event and tee off with a common goal to put their best drive forward. There would be many opportunities for them to discuss different parameters to make our city safe and secure,\" Naunihal Singh, senior superintendent of police, Chandigarh, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091076", "title": "Drinking water crisis turns into political squabble", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of ruling BJP and opposition Congress in Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat spent quality time blaming each other for the drinking water crisis in the district at the general meeting held here on Wednesday.While the Congress members raised the issue and blamed the government for the failure, the BJP members countered them by passing the buck on to officials in panchayats for not implementing schemes efficiently. MS Mohammed from Congress demanded the state government release funds to dig at least five borewells each in all the 35 constituencies of the zilla panchayat. Initially, members of both parties supported Mohammed's demand. However, when Congress members criticized the government, it turned into a political battle with BJP members blaming officials of not implementing schemes properly. Though the discussion on drinking water issue went on for a long time, no concrete decision was taken.Similarly, the issue of delay in the distribution of benefits under social security schemes including pension for elderly, widows and physically challenged also took a political turn with members from Congress and BJP indulging in blame game. ZP president KT Shailaja Bhat said that a letter had been sent to deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda on the issue.In reply to Congress member Devaraj's query, ZP chief executive officer KN Vijayaprakash said that directions were given to officials of health, women and child welfare, education departments and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan to ensure that no Koraga child be deprived of education because of poverty in the district.\"We have held a meeting of all department officials and directions were given to supply protein powder, calcium tablets, eggs, cereals and other nutritious food items to Koragas. Assistant directors in all taluks will be the nodal officers for implementing welfare programmes for Koraga community members. Officials will work to reduce school drop out rates among Koragas by providing all necessary support including counselling for parents,\" Vijayaprakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092246", "title": "MTC outshines 4 major bus utilities: Study", "text": "CHENNAI: Here's a heads-up for those who constantly gripe about the city's sole bus operator : Metropolitan Transport Corporation operates the best metro bus service, outperforming those in four other cities, Pune, Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, according to a recent study.The study by Parisar, a Pune-based non-governmental organisation, rated MTC the best in three of six parameters. Parisar used data from the report State Transport Undertaking: Profile and Performance by the Central Institute Road Transport to make its comparative study, which notes that MTC improved its services from 2009-10.Breakdowns dropped by nearly three times in this period, said MTC officials. The were only 280 breakdowns in February this year as compared to 800 last November. There were 600 breakdowns in December and 400 in January.Officials say MTC has tightened its maintenance schedule. Increasing the frequency of routine checks, such as for air pressure, has done the trick, they say. \"A flat tyre is the most common cause of vehicle failure. Air checks were once a week earlier, but are now being done every alternate day,\" said an MTC official.Commuters say they are not sure if there are fewer vehicle failures these days, but say it would be a relief if it were true and MTC could maintain the record. \"Bus breakdowns are a big problem,\" said college student Nithyashree, a regular commuter. \"We are forced to wait on the road for the next bus to come by, which most often will be full and not have space for extra passengers.\"The police have meticulously updated MTC breakdowns on their Facebook wall to alert commuters using the roads on which they occur. Police officers agree that there are fewer MTC breakdowns these days. \"The number has gone down to 10 to 12 a day,\" said the ACP (traffic) Sanjay Arora.The parameters in which MTC fared the best were regularity, breakdown rate and average fare per kilometre. Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation was the best in terms of network reach and number of buses per lakh of population. Mumbai's services topped in frequency. MTC also came up trumps in operational efficiency and bus utilization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12091258", "title": "Up, close &amp; professional with Tata on Mar 3", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: If you wish to pose a question to Tata Sons chairman Ratan Naval Tata, just SMS it. Steel City residents will be treated to an interactive session with Ratan Tata and the chairman designate Cyrus Pallonji Mistry on March 3 when the two visit the city for the birth anniversary celebrations of the founder of Tata Steel , Jamsetji Nusserwanji Tata.The interactive session will be hosted by the Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Sin its auditorium. \"We have little time to prepare a questionnaire. So we have sent SMS to people seeking their questions,\" said R K Agarwal, president of SCCI.The questions sent to SCCI functionaries on their cellphones will be scrutinized by a panel of six members. The panel will then prepare a final questionnaire and forward it to the authorities concerned accompanying the two guests. \"People can come to the chamber and submit their question(s) in writing or they can SMS us,\" said a senior SCCI functionary.Those whose questions will be selected, will be present at the auditorium and get a chance to directly ask the questions. About 200 people, including all managing directors of the Jamshedpur-based Tata Group of Companies, senior executives of Tata Steel, Tata Motors and representatives of Confederation of Indian Industries, Adityapur Small Industries Association, Singhbhum Industries Association, Laghu Udyog Bharati, trade union leaders and senior politicians of the Kolhan division have been invited.The questionnaire will largely revolve around development of Jharkhand , growth of industries and corporate social responsibility. The SCCI did not clarify if questions could also be posed to the chairman designate.\"We plan to formulate the questionnaire in such a way that a vision document could be framed once the session concludes,\" said Suresh Sonthalia, general secretary, SCCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12092618", "title": "Minor escapes from captors, alleges rape", "text": "SIRSA: A 16-year-old girl student, who had been reported missing since December 2, 2011, has alleged that she was abducted and raped for three months by a youth in Panihari village of Sirsa district. The victim managed to escape from the accused's clutches on Wednesday.Police have registered a case of abduction and rape following a medical examination of the victim and after a complaint was filed by her parents. The girl alleged that four youths of the village, Vinod Kumar, his cousin Daya Ram, Rakesh Kumar and Sonu Kumar, had dragged her into a car when she was returning home on that fateful day. She told police that she had fallen unconscious when the incident happened and that abduction, Vinod started raping her.Investigating officer Sukhdev Singh of Sadar police station, said, \"After taking down the victim's complaint, we took her to the local general hospital for medical examination, which confirmed her allegation. We have registered a case of rape against Vinod Kumar and a case of kidnapping against the remaining three.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090089", "title": "22% of mothers under 18: Unicef report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Modern India continues to be plagued by social and health ills like child marriage, early motherhood and domestic violence.Latest data in the \"State of the World's Children report 2012\" released by Unicef on Wednesday shows that almost 22% women in India, who are now aged between 20 and 24 years gave birth to a child before they turned 18.Almost 45 among every 1,000 births are born to mothers in the 15-19 age bracket. Shockingly, around 57% of male adolescents (aged 15-19) and 53% of female adolescents thought a husband was justified in beating up their wives under certain circumstances.Only 35% adolescent males (aged 15-19) and 19% adolescent females have a comprehensive knowledge of HIV. Almost 33% of children under five years in urban India and 46% in rural India are underweight.Around two in four people in urban India and one in five in rural settings use improved sanitation facilities. India (46) also figures among the 50 worst nations with highest under-five mortality rate.Almost one in three newborns is born with low birth weight, with less than 50% children being breastfed by their mothers.Around 43% of children under five years are underweight, with 16% being severely undernourished and 48% children stunted. Only half the households are consuming iodized salt.Contrary to popular belief, Karin Hulshof, UNICEF representative to India, said the report shows how a child growing up in an urban poor environment has similar challenges as a child in rural areas like health, nutrition, access to water and sanitation, education and protection.\"A child born in a slum in urban India is as likely to die before her or his first birthday, to become underweight or anaemic or to be married off before her 18th, as a child in rural India. Unfortunately for the urban poor child, the situation is most of the time not as visible and gets diluted by a much rosier picture of urban life. Great inequities are found within towns and cities, where great opportunity and great deprivation exist side by side,\" Hulshof said.According to Unicef, more than 40% of the world's child marriages still occur in India. Worldwide, more than 60 million women between 20 and 24 years were married before they turned 18.\"Child brides become mothers much before their bodies are physically mature,\" Unicef said.The issue was also taken up recently by the World Health Organization's executive board meeting in Geneva. According to WHO, half the girls in early marriage live in south-east Asia. According to the National Family Health Survey, about 10 million girls are married each year before the age of 18 worldwide - one third of them live in India. Child marriage is prohibited by law in India, with the minimum age of marriage being 18 for girls and 21 for boys. However the latest available government survey found 48% of women (aged 20-24) were married or are in union before the age of 18, and almost one in five was married or in union before she turned 15.India introduced laws against child marriage in 1929 and set the legal age for marriage at 12 years. It was increased to 18 years in 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090770", "title": "Gangster who fled, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Khambe, gangster and former member of the Abu Salem gang, who fled from police custody on Monday by jumping from a moving train at Dadar railway station, was arrested by the city crime branch on Tuesday.Khambe and his associates-Sumit Vilas Changle (24) and Mahesh Mohan Bhogle (30)- were arrested in Ghatkopar. Cops recovered countrymade pistols, two knives and a car. Joint CP (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"Khambe has been arrested murder, attempt to murder and other cases. ''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12091298", "title": "Watershed project awaits Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: The local forest department will execute a major watershed project in the arid zone of the district. \"The project will be carried out across 8,000 hectares spread over 22 villages in Basia and its neighbouring Kamdara blocks,\" said Gumla divisional forest officer Ashutosh Kumar.Altogether, eight watershed committees encompassing all these villages have been constituted and among them 20 television sets, batteries, inverters and solar plates were given away among the presidents and secretaries of these committees on Sunday. \"It is our entry-point job so that villagers can feel works have been initiated,\" Kumar said.Committee members were also provided with 46 torchlights which they can use in driving away tuskers besides using them at night. Jumbo menace is common concern for the residents of these areas. To maintain moisture in soil, the region has been taken up for watershed management. \"Earlier too, ponds and wells were dug to make the residents, especially the members of committees familiar with the project,\" said Mahesh Gupta, an official.\"Soon, small check dams, including earthen ones and channels, will be constructed under it,\" the DFO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090371", "title": "Students get yet another helpline", "text": "MUMBAI: The state board has added a helpline after receiving hundreds of calls from SSC and HSC students during examinations. TOI had reported that the helplines were busy for hours together as SSC students were inquiring about examinations. HSC students were left helpless with nowhere to go to inquire about their examinations.\"SSC students were calling up continuously for the past few days to confirm addresses of their examination centres. That's why HSC students couldn't get through the helplines,\" said a board official. The numbers, open from 9am to 7pm everyday: 022-27893756; 022-27881075; 022-27881077.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12091687", "title": "Himalayas will stop growing in 20 million years, finds study", "text": "WASHINGTON: The continental collision that triggered the formation of the Himalayas about 50 million years ago would come to a complete halt in the next 20 million years, a new study has claimed.The mountain building episode started with the collision of the Indian plate with the Eurasian plate will stop due to the strength of the underlying mantle , not the height of the Himalayas , American geophysicist Marin Clark said in her research paper published in the British journal 'Nature'.The findings could add a new wrinkle to the established theory of plate tectonics - the dominant , unifying theory of geology , said Clark, professor at the University of Michigan.The rate at which the Indian sub-continent creeps toward Eurasia is slowing exponentially, said Clark, who reviewed published positions of northern India over the last 67 million years to evaluate convergence rates.The convergence will halt - putting an end to one of the longest periods of mountain-building in recent geological history - in about 20 million years, she estimated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089867", "title": "Candidates selected by TET, but not appointed by schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as the education department has organized selection camps in different districts on March 1-3 for selecting principals and teachers for secondary and higher secondary schools, the Gujarat State School Management Association (GSSMA) has sent a notice to all schools directing them not to issue appointment letters to candidates who are selected through the recruitment board.The selection camps will be organized to finalize candidates on 6,000-odd positions of teachers and principals vacant in the schools. The selection process will be held for 1,250 positions of principals, 3,135 positions of secondary teachers and 1,950 higher secondary teachers.With this, the school managements have come in direct confrontation of state education department on the issue of centralized recruitment of teachers and principals. The state education recently introduced the process of taking Teacher's Eligibility Test ( TET). Candidates who will clear this test will be interviewed by a selection committee of the recruitment board and selected on the post of principals and teachers in secondary and higher secondary schools all over the state.The GSSMA has taken major exception to this process saying that selecting a teacher or principal for the school is the school management's prerogative. The state education department cannot take away this right. In fact, the GSSMA has also challenged this decision of education department in Supreme Court.The education department had recently formed a selection committee of the recruitment board in which Ambu Patel, president of GSSMA was also appointed as a lone representative of the association. \"I have resigned from the committee. We cannot accept the interference of education department to the level of recruiting the teachers and principals for us. We can be sent a list of five-odd eligible candidates but the final say should remain with us. We cannot serve as stamp papers to issue appointment letters to candidates selected by the recruitment board,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090299", "title": "50-year-old man attempts suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: A fifty-year-old man who was allegedly running from pillar to post to get his salary perquisites and challenging his expulsion from a private factory since 1977 surprised hundreds of lawyers at the Rajasthan High Court premises when he attempted suicide by consuming pesticide.Shankar Lal Sharma (50) was fighting a case against his employer to get his salary perquisites after he was expelled on 1977. He had written about his plight to President Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the CBI chief seeking their intervention to get him the certified copies of the various court orders that went against him, according to senior police officers.\"He had asked these high profile people of the country to support him in getting the documents as he wished to make funeral pyre of them after he killed himself,\" police added.Sharma hails from Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh and was on and off to Jaipur for the hearing of his cases.On Wednesday, when various courts at Rajasthan High Court were into regular proceedings, some people spotted Sharma sipping from a bottle. Later, he screamed, \"Main Marr Raha hun.\" The lawyers present in the gallery waiting for the turn of their cases informed the court about the incident and the court directed the deputy registrar to arrange for an ambulance.\"He was rushed to the SMS Hospital and administered some life-saving drugs and fluids after which his condition was out of danger. He is undergoing treatment at the AB ward of the hospital,\" a senior police officer from the Ashok Nagar police station said.Aash Mohammed, circle inspector of Ashok Nagar station, said, \"The doctors have termed him medically unfit and urged us not to take his statements now. Before taking his statements, we can't say why this man took this step.\"Sources said Sharma started working at KEC International, a private factory, in 1977. After some years of service, he was terminated and the man fought his case at various courts but the decisions were against him.Talking to the reporters at the hospital, Sharma, said, \"I joined the factory in 1977 and in 1981, they (employers) terminated me from service. I met everyone and fought for my case in every court but nobody understood my plight.\"Sharma could not continue his interaction since doctors said his condition was not okay to speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090786", "title": "State's power tariff is the lowest in the country", "text": "PANAJI: Five years ago, Goa's power requirement was only about 260 MW, but has now increased to 470 MW.Having no power generation of its own, the state gets most of its power (about 448 MW) from the central sector power station. It gets 16 MW from the private Reliance plant at Sancoale, and the rest from co-generation by the Goa Energy Private Limited.Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde had earlier sanctioned two power generation plants of 500 MW each to Goa, but since these were coal-based, the National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) rejected the proposal.At the moment there are no fresh proposals to set up power generation plants in the state. The generation of hydro-electricity is a possibility, but since the sites are based in wild life sanctuaries, permissions are needed from the Union ministry of environment and forests.The worst handicap for generating power in the state is public opposition. Environmentalists and activists oppose setting up of new facilities on the grounds that these will damage the ecology or pose danger to human habitations.Power department said that agriculture takes less than 1% of the power available in Goa. There are no constraints from the department itself to give power connections for irrigation or other agricultural purposes, department sources said.Department sources said the Goa power tariff is probably one of the lowest in the country. Goa has a total of 5.12 lakh power consumers including 'low tension domestic' (LTD), 'low tension commercial' and high tension power consumers. Of these 5.12 lakh consumers, 730 are high tension consumers who give the state 63% of the power revenue.The tariff for the 'low tension domestic' consumer in Goa is as follows: For the first 60 units, 1/unit; from 61 units to 250 units, 1.50 per unit; from 251 units to 500 units, 2.20 per unit and above 500 units, 2.50/unit.Though the government has not raised the tariff for the last five years, there are concerns about the rising costs of power and rising costs on infrastructure maintenance. A top department source said the government has been able to maintain low tariffs by restricting transmission losses to about 14%, whereas in other parts of the country these losses are about 25%.Underground cabling in parts of Goa has been one of the most significant achievements of the power department in the last five years. The department spent 270-crore on the underground cabling of Panaji and other main towns of Margao and Porvorim. Besides, the department also carried out underground cabling in the coastal belts of Goa including Calangute, Candolim and Benaulim. Part of the funds for the underground cabling came from the central APDRP scheme.The frequency of power cuts has reduced substantially over the last five years. This is primarily due to upgradation of the distribution network through the setting up of many new sub-stations and augmentation of existing sub-stations. Also, with transmission cables going underground at many places, power disruptions are less as occurrence of tree branches falling on overhead power cables and breaking the cables has reduced significantly. Many new power stations and sub-stations were set up in the last four-five years. Three new 33/11 KV sub-stations include the Campal (Panaji) 10 MVA sub-station, the Shiroda 6.3 MVA sub-station and the Curti-Ponda 6.3 MVA sub-station. A new 220/33 KV sub-station with two 50 MVA transformers was also set up.The existing Kadamba 110/33 KV sub-station had two 40 MVA transformers. The sub-station has been augmented with two more 40 MVA transformers. The Tivim 220/110 KV station has a new 100 MVA transformer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12091234", "title": "Inspection of fire-fighting devices in private clinics ordered", "text": "HAZARIBAG: DC Manish Ranjan on Wednesday instructed the district fire brigade officer to visit all government and private hospitals and private nursing homes in the town and other parts of the district and find out precautionary and emergency steps taken in case of a fire emergency.He also ordered the officer to inspect availability of fire-fighting devices on the premises.He has asked both government and private hospital management and owners to give it in writing about fire-fighting measures to him.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094479", "title": "Adaa shoots inspite being unwell", "text": "Actress Adaa Khan who is currently seeing in Rajan Shahi's show Amrit Manthan as the young princess, Amrit, is currently doing good but couple of weeks back all was not well.In fact Adaa was hospitalised for five days. Confirms she, \"\"I was down with a bad viral infection along with severe food poisoning. So bad was the effect that I was in hospital.\"\"Adaa who resumed shooting immediately after she was discharged from hospital feels apart from her own family, the Amrit Manthan family also took good care of her. \"\"I am fortunate to have a caring family on the sets too. Moreover, I'm a professional actress and love my work.This show is very important for me career wise,\"\" says she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092203", "title": "In the red, MTC paints new image", "text": "CHENNAI: Metropolitan Transport Corporation is changing its colours. The transport provider has set in motion a project to improve the quality of its services after a fare hike at the end of last year: It is painting its buses in a spiffy new colour scheme and introducing features that it hopes will make for a more satisfying experience.The buses in MTC's fleet, which now sport six different colour formats including green, orange and blue, will soon have a common theme. The vehicles will sport kinetic swishes of maroon, red and orange - with maroon as the holding colour - on pristine white. The designs for express and ordinary service buses are yet to be finalized. Sources say the pattern for the ordinary buses is likely to remain the same but in maroon.But the colours are just a pointer to MTC's intent. \"The seats will also have new covers that will stay clean for longer. Regular maintenance will ensure that automatic doors function smoothly and windows do not get stuck,\" a senior MTC official said. Text on the vehicle body will no longer be painted but will appear on vinyl stickers, he added.\"Some of the buses now have tufted fabric seat covers on which dust tends to accumulate. All our vehicles will soon have rexine seat covers as they are easier to maintain,\" the official said.The new colour scheme will be rolled out when buses are sent to regional transport offices for fitness certification. The process will be completed in six months. \"Around 25 buses are sent for fitness certification daily. So in four to five months, all the buses will have the new colours,\" another MTC official said. \"All state-run buses will have same colour scheme.\"The new colours are already being used on AC Volvo buses between Red Hills and Tambaram (route no. 114) and on 20 deluxe buses. The corporation's buses are currently in a jarring mix of six colours. Ordinary buses have three colour schemes, express buses, two, and deluxe and AC Volvo vehicles are differentiated by separate colour patterns.The MTC plan reflects the need to take pride in our city, say officials. \"Chennai is a hub. Many foreigners and NRIs as well as people from smaller towns visit the city. It is a shame that our buses are such bad shape. We want to change our image,\" the senior MTC official said.Colour changes have generally been welcomed in the city, say people who have commuted by public transport for many years. \"There have been many variations in colours from the pale green that Pallavan Transport Corporation (PTC) buses sported 25 to 30 years ago, and most people were happy with changes that made the vehicles look better,\" said M V Sridhar, who has been using city buses for decades.The change in MTC's approach has left commuters and RTO officials pleasantly surprised. \"The MTC set up a quality control department five months ago and the results are starting to show,\" said an RTO official. The corporation, which has been in the red economically for the past few years, in November hiked fares for the first time since 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094654", "title": "Smoke alarm for Kazhugoo team", "text": "Director Satyashiva's Kazhugoo, starring Kreshna and Bindu Madhavi in the lead, has finally passed the censor with a 'UA'. The film will now hit screens in the second week of March.Kreshna says, \"The centre has a stringent rule that denies a film an 'U' certificate if it has smoking scenes. But our film is set in a hill station, where most men smoke and drink. Also, the lead characters in the film (those who recover bodies of suicide victims) smoke to get gruesome images out of their minds. It's integral to their characters. Though we were hoping to get a clean 'U' certificate, we didn't want to cut some important scenes and kill the essence of the movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12091249", "title": "6 injured in group clash in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: At least six people, including a cop, were injured in a group clash in Lakshmaiahana Hundi in Ramapura police limits in Chamarajanagar on Tuesday. Police have arrested seven people and are on the lookout for those who are absconding. The injured -- Muniswamy, Pachiappan, Lingaraju, Palaniappana and Raju -- are undergoing treatment in a hospital. Even Somanna, the head constable attached to Ramapura police station, suffered injuries in the clash.SP P Rajendra Prasad told TOI that tension prevailed in Lakshmaiahana Hundi following a clash between a community from Kaudalli and a section of residents in Lakshmaiahana Hundi on Tuesday evening.A few people from Kaudalli attacked Hundi residents by throwing stones and accusing them of assaulting their community member. Tension broke out after a registered medical practitioner Samiullah allegedly abused residents from Hundi. The matter, however, reached the police, who immediately arrived. But later at 9.30pm, a group came again to the village and started assaulting a section of residents.Police said cases have been booked against 20 supporters of Samiullah, for rioting, unlawful assembly and under the SC/ST Act. Following the clash, police have rushed reserved forces to the village. According to SP, who visited the spot, the situation is now under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090070", "title": "Over 2L students from Nagpur division to appear for SSC exam", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 13.46 lakh students would take SSC exam, conducted by Maharashtra State board, which will commence from Thursday with Marathi spaper. Of them 2.06 lakh would be appearing from six districts in Nagpur division from 648 centres.Even Std 12 exams of Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE) would commence from the same day in which nearly 2,000 students from the city schools will appear. The CBSE Std 12 exams would begin from Friday, where over 3,000 students would appear from 32 schools.This year saw a decline of 2.92 lakh students appearing for SSC exam from the state compared to last year where 16.38 lakh had taken it. However, in Nagpur division, their numbers increased by 4,000 as compared to 1.97 lakh last year. From the newly formed Konkan division, 45,386 students will appear.\"As many as 47 centres were declared notorious and we will be keeping extra watch on them,\" Board's Nagpur division chairman Chandramani Borkar told TOI, a dozen SSC exam centres were closed and some new ones opened. So there will be 648 centres this year, down from 652 last year, she said.Students from 2,473 schools would sit for SSC exams from the division. \"The number of flying squad would be doubled than those deployed for the HSC exam. This has been done to keep a check on malpractices. Such cases rise during the SSC exams due to more students and centres,\" he said. Additionally, CCTV cameras under supervision of respective district collectors have also been installed, he added.From this year, the papers of mathematics and science and technology will be conducted according to revised syllabus. The science and technology papers will be conducted in two parts - Paper I and II - in the same session. The theory exam will have 30 marks for each paper, while 20 marks would be allotted for practical. Remaining 20 marks would be provided for a multiple choice question exams to be conducted by the schools. For clearing languages, the students have to score at least 105 marks in three subjects.Borkar said that they may commence centralized admission process (CAP) to the junior colleges immediately after the SSC results are declared. \"A proposal in this regard is pending with the government. It will save students' time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092482", "title": "Over 7K students to take CBSE Class 12 exam in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 10 and 12 students of schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) are set to take their board exams from Thursday. Across the country, more than 8 lakh students will take the Class 12 exams this year, while 11.8 lakh will take the class 10 exams.In the Chennai zone, 69,825 students, including 7,847 from Tamil Nadu, are set to take the Class 12 board exam this year, while 61,753 wrote it in 2011 and 56,697 in 2010. The Chennai zone comprises CBSE schools in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and Daman and Diu.On the eve of the exam, school heads are asking students to stay confident. \"The teachers have revised the lessons with the children in small groups, giving them personal attention based on their pace of learning. The children are quite relaxed,\" said senior principal of Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram, Ajeeth Prasath Jain.As many as 96,959 students will take the Class 10 exam in the Chennai zone, compared to the 55,366 students who have opted for the school-based exam. CBSE gave Class 10 students the option of choosing between school-based assessment and board exams last year in an attempt to reduce examrelated stress. In Tamil Nadu, 5,418 children have chosen the school exam. A total of 16,466 students will do the board exams.Class 12 students start the boards with English, while some students in Class 10 will begin with painting. The core exams for Class 10 begin on Friday with mathematics. CBSE controller of exams M C Sharma has given principals the format in which they can send feedback on question papers after the exams.There is a marginal increase in the number of students with disabilities, including visual, orthopaedic, hearing and speech impairments, and dyslexia. Last year, 2,484 children took the Class 10 exam, and the number has risen to 2,881 this year. For Class 12 too the number has gone up, from 1,568 last year to 1,783 in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092641", "title": "MLA stops work on park in Chromepet", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after state highways officials started removing encroachments from under the road-over-bridge near MIT, Chromepet, the local MLA and councillor on Wednesday stopped the process. A star hotel and a hospital had taken over the space for parking, against the municipality's plan to convert it into a park.Alandur-Pallavaram legislator P Dhansingh and Pallavaram 36th ward councillor S Ezhilarasi, came with their supporters to stop the state highways from carrying out demolition of the illegal structures. They said patients coming to the hospital and ambulances needed the space for parking. Later in the day, state highways officials filed a complaint at the Chromepet police station and requested police protection to continue the work on Thursday.\"We have got a complaint about obstructing government officials from doing their work. We will give them protection to carry out the work,\" a police officer said.The hospital had built a security post-like structure under the flyover. State highways officials said that government land cannot be given for private use. \"The hospital and the hotel have to build their own parking facilities. We are not going to stop the work,\" said a state highways official.The 22crore MIT flyover is part of the 1999 plan of gauge conversion between Tambaram and Chennai Beach by the Southern Railway and the railway works project of the state highways. It took seven years to open after the work started in 1999. The flyover has been a boon for thousands of residents on either side of the GST Road.In the last few years, encroachers had taken over the vacant space beneath the flyover. A major portion on both sides of the ramps of the flyover was occupied by a private multi-speciality hospital and a star hotel to park vehicles. The legislator who stopped the state highways from removing the encroachments said a compromise could be arrived at. \"Ambulances need space to get in and out of the hospital. If the residents and the hospital authorities request the state minister for environment and Tambaram MLA for a meeting to solve the issue, it can be settled,\" said Dhansingh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090026", "title": "Gosikhurd project cost soars up 36.52 times", "text": "NAGPUR: Facing inordinate delay in completion, the project cost of Vidarbha's ambitious project - Gosikhurd Irrigation Project - has now reached a new high of 13,596 crore, almost 36.52 times more than its initial cost.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a meeting to discuss the issues related to project-affected persons (PAPs) of Gosikhurd project at Mantralaya on Tuesday. Sources said that when the officials concerned informed Chavan and other ministers about increase in the project cost to 13,596 crore, they were left shocked.An official from Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) told TOI that the revised estimation was sent to Technical Advisory Board of Water Resources Department (WRD), Nashik. The last revision of project cost was done on February 27, 2008, and it was 7,777.82 crore. In these four years alone, the project cost has been estimated to increase by 5,818.18 crore. The major reasons behind the increase are said to be rise in current schedule rates ( CSR) of civil work and tremendous increase in land rates. The project cost was 372.22 crore when it was approved on March 31, 1983. As per the initial approval, the project was to be completed in 1987.After board's technical approval, revised proposal will be sent to the state government and then forwarded to Central Water Commission's Technical Advisory Committee. If it gets approval, the project will get the increased amount. The project was included under the Central government's Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP). Therefore, the Centre bears 90% of the cost while the remaining 10% by the state government.As per official sources, there was also discussion about the increased amount of 5,818.18 crore in the meeting. An official concerned said that the state government will have to bear the increased cost if it not approved by the Central government. This also came as a double shocker for the ministers as the state government had failed to release its 10% share from time to time.As per data available from VIDC, the total expenditure on the project stands at 5,200 crore till date. Around 90% of the construction work has been completed. Due to delay in rehabilitation of the PAPs, the project has been failing to achieve its desired irrigation potential. As against the total target of 2,50,800 hectares, just 10,500 hectares has been irrigated till date from Tekepar and Ambhora lift irrigation projects and Right and Left Bank Canals.At present, the project has potential to irrigate up to 40,886 hectares, the target of Phase-1 that was to be achieved in 2010-11. But the water level in the dam has not been increased due to delay in rehabilitation of PAPs. Currently, the water level in the dam is 237 metres.If water level is increased to 239 metres, target of Phase-1 may be achieved. Therefore, Chavan has directed to prepare a package of 500-600 crore for resolving the issues of PAPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12092459", "title": "Hope for ailing kids", "text": "What started as a modest initiative to fund a critical patient's treatment at PGI by some students of DAV College-10 a few years ago has turned to a 120 member group today.Sankalp, a voluntary youth group of DAV College started in 2006, has now become a specific venue for students interested in social work. Unlike most youth bodies, Sankalp recruits it members during admissions each year at the college.\"Students from the new batches are selected through a screening process to check their commitment towards social work. Only if they are focused enough to contribute, they join us. The final year batch selects new members,\" says Mrigya Samyal, Sankalp vice-president. Confident of their dedicated volunteer base, Sankalp members claim one has to be really focused and dedicated to contribute to society to join them. \"Such is the framework and its functioning,\" adds Mrigya.The organization has 800 members registered, right from the earliest members since its inception in 2006, with an active volunteer base of over 120 students.\"A BSc student, Harpriya Kaur, started the organization in 2006. We lend a helping hand to underprivileged children who suffer from serious ailments and their parents can't afford the treatment. We get their treatment done from PGI,\" says Vinayak Mohan, president of Sankalp and a BCom-III student. Sankalp has restricted its activity to the children who are 14 years of age or below.Among others, a recent project, 'Raktsanchar', was undertaken by the volunteers, in which college students were motivated to donate blood if and when in need. \"The students are prepared to donate blood so that it is readily available when need arises. We have created a database of such donators,\" adds Mohan.\"This year we collected Rs 77,000 and donated it to a child who had a hole in his heart and had to undergo surgery. We have contributed over Rs 3 lakh as cost of treatment to several children at PGI,\" says Avantika Gupta, Sankalp treasurer.Encouraging others to join the cause of charity, the student organization also conducts Sparkles, an annual charity show, where students get to showcase their talent through cultural programmes. Volunteers contribute an annual donation of Rs100 and believe the investment is worth as it saves someone's life.The president says a small amount wouldn't make a difference to the donor but, put together, the fund could save a child's life. Sankalp volunteers make it a point to celebrate festivals like New Year, Diwali and Christmas with both, the children of Snehalaya and with elders of the old age home at Sector 15.\"Our purpose is to make these occasions special for them and direct youngsters' energy towards constructive causes,\" adds Mrigya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089811", "title": "Cases against rioters likely to be closed", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the Majlis-e-Ittehadul-Muslimeen (MIM) stepping up pressure on the Congress government to close communal history-sheets and suspect-sheets against Muslim youth involved in riots of 2010, police fear that closing communal sheets may create more problems. However with increasing political pressure, police are planning to close at least some communal sheets, mostly in the Old City.Communal history-sheet is opened against miscreants who are involved in more than two offences, while a suspect-sheet against persons involved in just one case. Police sources told TOI that review of communal history-sheets and communal suspect-sheets would be done shortly, but there might not be a substantial change.\"Only in cases where suspects who are above 55 years and whose conduct has been good, can the communal sheets be closed. In the present scenario, there are not many persons in age group,\" the sources said.Recently, the MIM had demanded in the Assembly that the state government lift cases against youngsters involved in the 2010 communal riots. During a recent meeting called by home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy, the MIM legislators requested the government to close communal sheets stating that police opened communal-sheets even against first-time offenders.Lifting nearly 200 communal cases registered across the city is at the discretion of the government. Already, the home minister has asked police to study case by case and submit a report before a decision is taken.In the communally-sensitive South Zone, which includes the Old City, there are 174 persons against whom communal history-sheets have been opened. Similarly, communal suspect-sheets have been opened against 200 persons. In the East Zone, communal and history-sheets have been opened against 50 individuals.Police generally maintain suspect sheets in order to keep an eye on the trouble-makers, especially during festivals and other important events by restricting them to the local police stations. The MIM had started demanding lifting of cases against youngsters involved in the 2010 riots after the government decided to close cases against students involved in the Telangana agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092511", "title": "Cops arrest imposter", "text": "VARANASI: In a joint operation of Varanasi and Ghazipur police, an imposter, Tarun Kumar Ojha, was arrested with a car in which he was trying to escape with the cleaner of a truck on Wednesday. According to SP (rural), Harish Kumar, the arrested imposter is the son of a police sub-inspector, N K Ojha presently, posted at Gahmar police station in Ghazipur district.He said that on Wednesday morning, the police control room received a call. The caller disclosed his identity as a sub-inspector of anti-terror squad (ATS) and asked to cordon the Varanasi-Ghazipur border to catch a truck which he was following. On receiving this call, the control room alerted the Varanasi and Ghazipur police. The cops of Saidpur police station stopped the truck when it entered the Ghazipur border. But before the Saidpur police could understand anything, Tarun reached there and pulled the cleaner of the truck, Motilal Maurya, in his car and returned towards Varanasi.When Saidpur police interrogated the truck driver, Guddu Yadav, he revealed that the truck was empty. On getting this information, the Ghazipur police alerted the Varanasi cops. Taking serious note of it, Varanasi police caught the car of Tarun near Chaubeypur police station and rescued Maurya.The police recovered an air-pistol, intoxicants and a fake identity card of police. During initial investigation, it came to light that 23-year-old Tarun was a LLB students but he used to commit crime by posing as a regional transport officer, officer of sales tax and special task force of police. On Wednesday, he hired a car from a travel agency in which he was going to Ghazipur to receive some consignment of arms from one Amavas alias Angad Yadav. But before reaching there, he gave a false call to police control room by posing him as ATS officer. Police registered a case of kidnapping in this connection and intensified efforts to nab Angad Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092470", "title": "Will you pay 3,000 for not wearing helmet?", "text": "KOCHI: If you thought of travelling in Kerala without a helmet, think twice. You might just have to shell Rs 3,000 as a fine soon!Or if you are a regular at being fined on the same, you can be put behind bars too. Roads Safety Projects has moved the High Court with an appeal to enforce more stringent rules like these to help decrease the rate of accidents of motorists, on the road without helmet.According to latest reports, only 35% of the State believes in wearing a helmet.The fine for not wearing a helmet on an average is about Rs 100. The rising number of those fined and the high mortality rate of motorists has prompted Roads Safety Projects in the city to make more suggestions to the court.\"There are more than 80,000 to 1,00,000 people booked every month for not wearing helmet by the police in Kerala. And in a lot of cases it's not that they don't have helmet, it's just that they don't 'feel like' wearing it,\" said George John, spokesperson for the Roads Safety Projects.The other suggestion out forward was that petrol pumps should deny petrol to those who are not wearing one.The 'no petrol without helmet' policy, followed in Bhopal and Jammu and Kashmir , has seen a decrease in motor bike accidents in the States.This should also be followed in Kerala said Dr Manoj K, a neuro surgeon from Chalakudy, while addressing media persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090907", "title": "Nitish firm on locating Central University Bihar at Motihari", "text": "PATNA: Anguished over the Centre's move to establish Central University Bihar (CUB) at Gaya and not at Motihari, chief minister Nitish Kumar shot off a protest letter to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Wednesday saying the state government did not agree with this decision.\"The Centre's decision to open CUB at Gaya is an assault on the feelings of the people of Bihar. If you want state government's cooperation, the CUB should be established at Motihari, from where Mahatma Gandhi started his 'Satyagraha'. The state government will provide land for the purpose at Motihari free of cost,\" Nitish wrote to Sibal in his three-page letter to him.He reminded Sibal that the Centre had agreed in principle for opening CUB at Motihari but now, he said, it appears that due to some prejudice the Centre is thinking to open it at either Patna , Bihta or Gaya. A committee comprising the representatives of Centre and Bihar was constituted to select the site for the university. \"It appears from your letter that the committee has inspected a site at Gaya and sent its report, but I have to say that the representatives of Bihar had no say in this affair. This is the Centre's unilateral decision,\" the CM said.Nitish pointed out that the state's biggest university, Magadh University, is based in Gaya; hence there is no logic to establish CUB there. After the Centre's nod, he said, three alternative sites were selected in Motihari. \"Today the establishment of CUB at Motihari has become a dream for the people of Bihar. The state government is committed to fulfil this dream and the required land will be made available free of cost,\" he asserted.A 'tussle' over the site of the CUB has been going on between the Union HRD ministry and state government for about three years. The state government has been insisting on Motihari saying the establishment of CUB would be a tribute to Mahatma, but the Centre remains reluctant pointing out lack of infrastructure and other facilities needed for the CUB and its faculty. On the contrary, the CM made it a point that CUB would be set up at Motihari and nowhere else.Nitish further pointed out to Sibal that some central universities have been established in the interiors of Kerala, Odisha, Punjab. Himachal Pradesh , Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu. \"Some of these places are less developed and have little infrastructure and connectivity than Motihari,\" he said and added that Centre has different yardsticks for different states for opening of a central university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091319", "title": "Munda's security adviser resigns", "text": "RANCHI: Plans of the state government to improve the declining law and order situation and effectively tackle the Maoist menace suffered a major jolt when security adviser to the chief minister, D N Gautam, resigned from office on Wednesday.The former DGP of Bihar was appointed security adviser in January last year.After relinquishing the office, Gautam said that he had just resigned from office and not snapped relation with Jharkhand. \"I will continue to support the state and whenever the government or even an individual seeks my advice, I am ready to give it,\" said Gautam, adding that though now it would be without any remuneration.Talking on his experience in Jharkhand, he said, \"I never evaluate in a hurry. Anyone who wants to evaluate things will have to first detach him from the present responsibilities and allow things to settle. If someone wants to know about my experience, then he or she will have to wait.\"As a seasoned officer, who served in different capacities in his career of more than three decades, Gautam evaded all questions that led to resignation. But he suggested officials to be understanding and have humane approach toward common man. \"People of Jharkhand are very good and officials should never be judgemental while performing their duties,\" said Gautam.At the same time, he praised chief minister Arjun Munda for the support extended to him in the last 13-month stint. \"He was very supportive and positive to bring changes for betterment of the state,\" said Gautam.However, sources in the chief minister's office admitted that resignation of Gautam would send a wrong message and this is the reason why Munda wanted him to continue. \"He was not happy with the attitude of officials and decided to leave Jharkhand,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12089964", "title": "IRCTC readies to open first commercial eatery", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is good news for IT executives hunting for food late at night in Noida and Greater Noida. The IRCTC has now set up its first commercial base kitchen in Noida. The operations, claim officials, is due to begin by this month and will be fully operational after an inspection from the local administration.After the railways drafted a new catering policy in 2010, the management of catering services was transferred from the IRCTC to zonal railways. Estimates suggest that IRCTC provides catering services to only 30 premiere trains like the Rajdhani even though it is the sole caterer for members of Parliament.The IRCTC says the main aim to construct the kitchen in Noida is its growing clientele of IT professionals and central government employees assembling from all corners of the country. \"They want their familiar staple diet at reasonable rates. The need for hygiene is paramount too. Through our counter, the kitchen will also sell packed food items and packaged drinking water,\" said a spokesperson.The facility is in line with the major flight catering kitchens like TajSat ( Air India ) to produce meals of high quality. Located at sector 64, the state-of-art central kitchen will prepare 25,000 meals on a daily basis and it has already made an agreement with several MNCs and BPOs in Gautam Budh Nagar to sell its produce.To start with, the menu will be limited to vegetarian, non-vegetarian and combo meals (Indian/Chinese). \"The kitchen will be fully automated with equipment by the best manufacturers from India and abroad. It will be manned by professionals with industry experience,\" said an official. The IRCTC said no decision has been taken yet on whether the home delivery system will be introduced, though all international norms followed in leading hotels will be adhered to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091150", "title": "Min temperature falls below 10 deg C in city", "text": "PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast colder nights ahead as the minimum temperature dipped by 3.5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. The minimum temperature, 9.8 degrees Celsius, was three notches below the normal mark.The night temperature is expected to go down further to around 8 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours, the forecast stated.The maximum temperature too has gone down from the highest for the month at 36.7 degrees Celsius recorded on Monday to 33.6 degrees Celsius on Wednesday.\"We expect the day temperatures to remain around 33 degrees Celsius,\" an IMD official said while pointing out that a fluctuation in the temperatures, especially the night temperature, was anticipated on account of the prevailing westerly system.A western disturbance prevails over the northern parts of Jammu and Kashmir while a cyclonic circulation prevails over Lakshadweep and neighbouring areas.\"As the western disturbance moves away from the Indian region, we expect the northerly winds to get stronger, which will result in a drop in night temperatures,\" the official said.Local conditions like clear skies and lack of moisture incursion have also contributed to the drop in the night temperature, the official added.A cold wave condition prevails at isolated parts in the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.Night temperature were appreciably below normal i.e, a difference of 3 to 4 degrees Celsius from the normal mark, in some parts of central Maharashtra and Konkan and Goa belts while the same were below normal i.e, one or two notches down from the normal mark, in parts of Vidarbha region.Ahmednagar recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.5 degrees Celsius, which was eight notches down from normal, while Nashik recorded 9.1 degrees Celsius, four notches down from normal.Wardha in Vidarbha region recorded the hottest day in the state on Wednesday at 38.5 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "12092650", "title": "NRI woman dupes Punjabi husband, seeks divorce", "text": "MOGA: Close on the heels of a Canadian NRI conspiring to eliminate his wife by hiring contract killers, a case of an Australian NRI woman duping her Punjabi husband has come to light.Bagipura village resident Gurwinder Singh had married Amandeep Kaur, who has been living in Australia, in 2009 and sent her Rs 16.70 lakh for further studies, said family members of Gurwinder.While leaving for Australia after solemnizing the marriage, Amandeep had promised to help Gurwinder reach Australia after getting visa for him, which she never did. Instead, she sent divorce papers to Gurwinder some days ago.Police have booked Amandeep Kaur, her father Ajmer Singh, mother Jasbir Kaur and brother Amarinder Singh for fraud and cheating. Amarinder was arrested on Wednesday.It was on Tuesday when Moga's Nihal Singh Wala police booked Gurjit Singh of Canada for allegedly hiring contract killers to eliminate his Punjabi wife Harpreet Kaur. The victim had told the police that she came to know of her husband marrying again in Canada, and had been pressurizing her for divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091143", "title": "PCMC plans 47 water zones for better distribution", "text": "PUNE: Forty-seven water zones in Pimpri Chinchwad will be drawn up to ensure equitable distribution of water supply, and to check leakages. Each zone, with at least one elevated service reservoir (ESR), will be monitored by a junior engineer appointed by the civic body.Praveen Ladkat, executive engineer of PCMC's water supply department, said water zones have been created on the basis of the number of ESRs. The civic body has so far commissioned 59 ESRs. By April, there will be 80 ESRs.While some water zones have one ESR, some have more, he said. \"Each water zone has a single water source (ESRs). The population in each water zone is now available. Similarly, the number of water meters installed in each area is also known. Each junior engineer would be able to determine the water leakages or water thefts in his area. The junior engineer will also be responsible for equitable distribution of water,\" Ladkat added.The civic body would also keep a regular check on water quality, water supply network, installation of water meters, and check unmetered water supply.The PCMC has also initiated a house-to-house survey about water supply and drainage network to get a feedback about the water supply and the problems citizens face. The civic body has prepared a questionnaire by which citizens can give their feedback. The survey would be completed by April. The civic body will then gauge whether water supply matches the service level benchmarks, he said.Meanwhile, campaigns about awareness about judicious use of water have been started in housing societies. Students are being taken to water purification plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095822", "title": "Walk into this sketchbook for some good food", "text": "That is the feel this recently opened all-day eatery Smoke House deli gives offAmid the bustling hub of Mumbai's Phoenix Mills, lies a tranquil and relaxed all day cafe and delicatessen - Smoke House Deli. Serving tasty food and yummy drinks, this award winning brand is brought to Mumbai by Impresario Entertainment and Hospitality Pvt Ltd, the people behind Salt Water Grill, Salt Water Cafe, The Tasting Room, Smoke House Room, Shroom, Smoke House Grill, Stone Water Grill, Bespoke Cafe, Le Kebabiere and Mocha.Personifying the transition of chic formal dining into a casual space, this all-day cafe and deli is open from 9am till midnight and serves everything from pancakes to sandwiches, pastas to burgers, desserts and cocktails.\"It's like walking into a sketchbook\"Restaurateur Riyaaz Amlani, MD &amp; CEO of Impresario says, \"Smoke House Deli is like walking into a sketchbook. It is sweet, welcoming relaxed cafes where you can spend the whole day watching the world go by in the company of delicious heart warming food and drinks. After two successful years in Delhi, I'm very excited to bring one of my personal favourite brands to Mumbai, which is where it all began for Impresario.\"Lingering over 2,500 sq ft of indoor space, the cafe redefines design sensibilities. What differentiates Smoke House Deli from any other restaurant are its truly remarkable interiors. Having been nominated for UK's prestigious Restaurant and Bar Design Awards 2010 for the outlet in Delhi, this all-white restaurant features interiors where everything from the outdoor signage and the main door to the wallpaper and cabinets, are hand illustrated and showcase a quirky look at traditional design. The thick, black-hand drawn tidbits of pop culture reference at will; cuisine, philosophy, music and the world at large - a feast for the inquisitive eater's eyes.A buzzing atmosphereSays Ayaz Basrai, of the visionary interior team - The Busride Studio, \"Smoke House Deli at Phoenix Mills continues our signature style, where each element exists as a parody, and tries to make an irreverent reference to notions of 'serious' restaurant design and ornamentation. With this space, we've tried to take you back in time to Old Bombay, to the time of the first mills, theater and dance performances, music of the era, the popularity of the locomotive, and tried to capture the buzz of this great metropolis back in time, of which Phoenix Mills itself is a relic. On the walls is a rich tapestry of history, contextual cross references, and a mad mix of everything Smoke House!\"A one of a kind buzzing atmosphere and hearty fare for the epicurious, Smoke House Deli is a unique experience and promises something for every foodie.Modern European cafe fareExecutive Chef Shamsul Wahid says, \"Smoke House Deli is an amalgamation of rich culinary traditions with modern European cafe fare. The menu highlights comfort food that pleases all your senses while retaining gourmet flourishes.\"Glyston Gracias, Chef and Manager, adds, \"Our menu is about hearty, yet healthy portions created to satiate all-day hunger pangs. We know the importance of each meal in your day, which is why we prepare a simple breakfast croissant with as much care as we would a delicate lamb shank. Plus, an emphasis is also laid on dishing out quick, on-the-go options that reflect our gourmet cooking style.\"Food to die forThe kitchen and bakery churn out breakfast specials like Vanilla Pancakes + Maple Syrup + Fresh Cream, French Toast, Apple + Buttermilk Muffins and freshly baked Croissants. Craving something more savoury?Fork your way through egg concoctions like the Eggs Benedict with Barbeque Ham or Smoked Norwegian Salmon, Eggs Florentine with Baby Spinach or the absolutely delightful Truffle oil scented scrambled eggs with warm croissant. The menu at Smoke House Deli is also perfect for in-between meals or for the not so hungry. A variety of sandwiches and burgers like the Smoked Tomato + Brie Sandwich, the Soy Mix + Curried Vegan Burger and the Smoked Lamb Burger promise to hit the spot.As the clock strikes noon, the signature dishes come out to play with Pastas including My Boss's Style \"Spaghetti'\" and Spinach + Ricotta Ravioli; and Mains like the Wild Mushroom + Artichoke Crepe Gratin, Cambodian Basa + Smoked \"Pimento\" Puree, Lightly Smoked Lamb Shanks and Half Roast Chicken. For those with a sweet tooth, the Flourless Chocolate Fudge or Philly + Plum Cheesecake will surely leave you buzzing with a happy sugar high well after your meal.An assortment of dishes like The Greek and Oak Ash Chevre + Orange + Walnut Salad, the Tomato + Lemongrass Broth and the Baby Fennel + Smoked Chicken + Thyme Soup and mains including the Soya Steak + Ratatouille \"Gratin\" and the Peri Peri Rubbed Smoked Chicken + Smoked Pimento Reduce keep things adventurous for health conscious foodies.Wholesome take-away meals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092090", "title": "Victoria curator asked to file affidavit", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday asked the curator of Victoria Memoral to file an affidavit to the court stating the number of precious materials and valuable documents of before camera age kept at the Memorial museum at Kolkata, within four weeks.The division bench of Justice P C Ghosh and Justice S K Choudury passed this directive to the Memorial curator after green activist Subhas Dutta mentioned the issue before the court.Dutta said that in 2003, he had made a petition in the court where he sought for order for inventory of the precious materials and highly valuable documents which were kept at the Memorial museum. But, Dutta alleged in the court in 2006 the Memorial authority appeared in the court and sought time to file affidavit in relation to the matter. Since 2006, the Memorial authority did not file any affidavit , Dutta alleged.Dutta argued that Memorial authority have not taken any steps to preserved those highly valuable documents of before camera age and precious materials and he apprehened that there was no list at the Meseum how many materials and documents are kept at the Museum.Dutta said if any materials or documents lost or missed from the Museum, there was no scope to identified the documents.After hearing the submission of Dutta, the bench passed the order of file affidavits and fixed the case after six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094945", "title": "'Shanghai' will go to Greece for original author", "text": "Now that Dibakar Bannerjee's political thriller Shanghai is almost ready the director has to fulfil a promise that he made to himself. He must show the film to author Vassilis Vassilikos on whose novel Z , Dibakar's Shanghai is based.True to the original source, Dibakar has kept the Greek author in the loop throughout the making of the film. And now he must keep his final promise, of showing the film to the author, even if it means taking the film to Greece.Says a source close to the project, \"Dibakar must show the film to Vassilis Vassilikos before it is released. Ideally Dibakar would have liked the author to come down to India to watch the film. But if that is not possible, considering the author's age, then Dibakar is all set to fly down to Greece to show his the film. It's not about getting the author's approval, or even a moral obligation. Dibakar feels Vassilis' ideas in the novel have been given a renewed relevance in Dibakar's film. The author has every right to see what has been done to his work, and in what context.\"Dibakar confirms plans to take Shanghai to Greece for the author's viewing.Says the filmmaker,\"It's amazing how relevant Vassilikos' novel is to presentday Indian politics although he wrote it 45 years ago.He must see the deep and far-reaching resonance of his words. He is now a sprightly 78. But if he can't come to India I'd most certainly take Shanghai to Greece for his viewing.\"Dibakar also plans to screen Shanghai at Greece's Thessaloniki International Film Festival in November. Indian films are not generally screened at this festival.\"I feel the Greeks have a birthright over my film,\" says Dibakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094862", "title": "Education brings down the wall", "text": "It was an occasion for spirits to soar. We were watching the 23rd show of Satyashodhak, G. P Deshpande's play on the life and ideas of Mahatma Jotiba Phule .Directed by Atul Pethe and produced by Comrade Mukta Manohar, it was enacted by members of the performing arts wing of the Pune Municipal Corporation workers' union, many of whom were the city's garbage men. It was most appropriate that people who live with our filth, should find their voice in what Phule did for them.Phule was not only a man of deep convictions and the courage to stand by them, he was also wise enough to understand how he could use existing art forms to spread his ideas. So he turned the religiosity of the saint poets' popular 'abhangs' into the pure reason of his own 'akhands'; and he tweaked the popular tamasha by replacing its lavanis and comic vags with edifying songs and serious stories, calling his form the 'jalsa'.Aptly, Deshpande has written Satyashodhak, named after the organisation that Jotiba Phule and some likeminded citizens of Pune founded in 1853 for seekers of truth and knowledge, in the jalsa form. The songs are Jotiba's. The narrative is of his life. And what gives Atul Pethe's production its shining strength is the respect with which he treats the material. There's no pussyfooting around with frills; there's only a clear commitment backed by wellhoned directorial skills. The easy perfection of speech and movement that we see in the show is the result of six months of workshopping with the cast, mostly non-actors. The only actors are Omkar Govardhan as Phule and Parna Pethe as Savitribai, who turn in very fine performances, but also merge seamlessly with the rest of the cast.The play weaves together key events from Jotiba Phule's life, painting a clear picture of his ideas of social justice. Justice is based on equality. If inequality is built into a religion, that religion has to be fought. Caste is a system that perpetuates inequality. Therefore all systems based on casteism have to be broken. The most important of these is education. Orthodox Hinduism believes women, shudras and ati-shudras have no right to education. To fight this pernicious belief, women and the oppressed castes must be educated. Jotiba says, \"Without education the mind is lost; without the mind, right thinking is lost; without right thinking, progress is lost; without progress, property is lost; without property, the shudra sinks; and all on account of a single loss - the loss of education.\" So Jotiba translated his conviction into corresponding action.Like charity, education had to begin at home. Phule taught his wife Savitribai to read and write. Bored with lessons to begin with, she soon progressed so rapidly that she became a teacher at the school for girls that Phule and his friends founded. A delightful episode in the play shows a man turning up at the school with a sack. When he opens it, out tumbles a tiny girl with bright eyes and smart pig tails. This is Mukta, his daughter, whom he wants to enroll in the school. She is admitted, but only on condition that he will not transport her to school in a sack whatever the Brahmins of the city might say. They once hurled stones and cowdung at Savitribai for teaching at the school, but soon backed off.One of the most beautiful songs in the play, sung soulfully by Shahir Bhise, takes off from the saint poet Savta Mali's abhang, \"We are gardners by caste, tillers of the earth\". But in Phule's version, his Vithabai is replaced by Vidyabai and the shudra loses himself in education rather than in bhakti.Phule's encounter with Justice Ranade who opposed child marriage and advocated widow remarriage, distinguishes the man of moral courage from one who lacks it. Phule's response to Justice Ranade failing to get his widowed sister remarried and himself marrying an 11-year-old girl, all under family pressure, is succinct. \"Jotiba Govind Phule gives up his family for his work; Mahadev Govind Ranade gives up his principles for his family.\"Phule was not fighting all brahmins, only those who practised brahminism, believing that caste was a divinely ordained system and some humans were born unequal. When Phule occasionally despaired of even his followers understanding this fine distinction, his wise wife advised him patience. To change people's deep-rooted attitudes takes time, she said. Dear, brave Savitribai, it's over 125 years since then. And we are still waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091003", "title": "Rs 1.7L jewellery snatched", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking advantage of the bandh on Tuesday, two men posing as cops conned Taramati Ghadshi (55) of her gold ornaments at Malad. Claiming they were part of a bandobast, they advised her to take off her gold bangles and a gold chain, collectively worth Rs 92,000, and keep them safely in her handbag.The men then fled with the valuables. The Dindoshi police has registered a case of cheating and impersonation.In a separate case on February 19, Narmadaben Devkar (65), was robbed of her gold bangles worth Rs 80,000 by three men posing as cops in Bandra. Devkar had gone for a morning walk near Bandra reclamation when the incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092116", "title": "We want radiology: women toppers", "text": "BANGALORE: 'Imaging' as a specialization seems to be high in demand among ComedK 2012 medical toppers from Bangalore. There is a craze for it, especially among women. \"Why opt for a long career path when you have the option of going for a shorter one, and that too which is more lucrative?\" chorus women toppers from the city.\"Although my area of interest has always been psychiatry, I would love to take up radiology as a specialization. It is a unique stream and lucrative as well. Specialization in a diagnostic technique is like, in a way, working on a 10am to 5pm job. It suits women the most as we need to manage our family as well,\" says Pushpa KR, who secured third rank in ComedK. Pushpa hasn't just proved her mettle in ComedK, but also ranks 33 at the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health and Sciences (RGUHS), PGET. \"I'll go for RGUHS rather than ComedK as colleges under ComedK are expensive. I am also looking forward to the All-India PG Medical Entrance Exam results,\" she said.Echoing Pushpa's opinion, Meenakshi BA, who notched up fifth position in ComedK, feels 'imaging' is the fastest growing area in the medical field. Elated about her result, the 24-year-old says: \"Now that I'm among the toppers, I'll get into the college I've always dreamt of. Although I have always wanted to be an MD, radiology is an upcoming and promising field to opt for. It is not time consuming, unlike MD, and you needn't go for super-specialization after three years,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091345", "title": "PCMC likely to do away with replace deposits with advance fee at civic hospitals", "text": "PUNE: The health department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) has proposed to replace deposits taken from patients, with advance fee at the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital (YCMH) and eight other civic hospitals. While the deposits were refunded at the time of discharge, the advance fee will be adjusted against the final bill amount.This will not only reduce traffic at the cash counters, but also the manpower required at the billing counters at civic hospitals.A proposal to this effect will be tabled before the standing committee meeting to be held on Thursday. The proposal states that around 200 patients are admitted and an equal number are discharged daily from YCMH.The health department takes deposit from patients and gives a receipt, and the money is refunded at the time of discharge. There are also large numbers of outdoor patients who come for treatment resulting in long queues at the cash counters.The health department proposes to take advance fees from the patients which will be adjusted against the actual bill. This system is to be followed in other civic hospitals too which will reduce the workload of the employees.Elaborating on the advantages of the new system, the proposal states that all civic hospitals will have a single system of billing instead of different methods. It will reduce the need for manpower and time in refunding deposits plus preparing final bills and accepting payments.YCMH medical superintendent Anand Jagdale said, \"The new method will be beneficial for patients as well as the civic health department.Patients will not have to stand in queue twice and we will require two clerks less for the job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai/nashik", "code": "12091380", "title": "No fake ID cards, reiterates collector", "text": "MUMBAI/NASHIK: The probe by the state election commission into use of fake election identity cards comes in the light of \"serious\" allegations made by one Kanhaiyya Pardeshi. An employee of Aatish Infotech, which is the official contractor for making election ID cards, Pardeshi had alleged that a number of fake election IDs had been prepared and dubious names were added to electoral rolls.Hinting that the \"malpractice\" was rampant, Pardeshi submitted a list of over 200 such names to the state election commission. After state chief electoral officer Debashish Chakravarty's office, which is responsible for preparing the rolls, found that most of these names were not a part of the original rolls, state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan summoned district collector P Velrasu, Chakravarty and Nashik police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to discuss the issue on Wednesday.Following deliberations, Satyanarayan asked Velrasu and Chakravarty to submit a detailed report in this regard. The officials have been asked to verify if dubious names were entered in the voter list on the basis of such fake IDs, and whether there were instances of bogus voting using such names.Maintaining that there were no fake electoral photo identity cards found or recovered from any person, the district administration claimed that the police have in its custody eight people with 'fake voters' cards' and also some of the voters had registered their names in rural (for zilla parishad elections) and urban (for Nashik Municipal Corporation polls) areas.\"We presented the facts that were on record. No electoral photo identity cards have been found with holograms so far. The state election commissioner has ordered us to go through every electoral photo identity card- the copies of which were presented to the commissioner-and see if they correlate with the information in the electoral roll. This we will have to do in seven days and submit the report,\" Velrasu said.The holograms and the signature stamp used for electoral photo identity cards are in the custody of the officials and they are pasted by the officials only before lamination. The hologram has to be intact-else it can be termed as fake identity card.The general elections to Nashik Municipal Corporation have been in the news for all the wrong reasons. It began with contestants objecting to the electoral rolls prepared by NMC, while on the election day contestants and political parties alleged that there were large numbers of electors from rural areas who had cast their votes in the city as well.However, neither the police department nor the collector carried out any investigations into it.On the basis of Pardeshi's allegations and complaints regarding \"tampering\" of electoral voting machines, some of the defeated candidates have demanded re-polling. While ruling out instances of tampering of EVMs, the state election commission said that a decision on the demand will be taken after submission of the report. Sources said that Pardeshi could be subjected to police questioning. His safety is also being looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091390", "title": "Social security officer held for taking bribe", "text": "SURAT: Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths arrested an officer of department for social justice for accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000 in lieu of providing assistance to a victim in a dowry case.The complainant wanted to file a case against her in-laws in the court and on asking government's help the officer demanded bribe from her.Police arrested Mahendra Vasava, posted in department of social justice, Mandvi, from a tea stall near Mandvi court on Tuesday afternoon.In the incident, Anita Patel, a resident of Vihan village was allegedly tortured by her in-laws for dowry and she wanted to file a case in the court against the accused. Patel contacted the social justice department and asked for legal assistance. She met Vasava and informed him about the issue. Vasava demanded Rs 3,000 without which he refused to proceed in filing the legal case.Following repetitive demand for money, Patel approached the ACB and lodged a complaint against Vasava. A trap was planned by the ACB team as part of which Patel called Vasava and agreed to pay the bribe. Vasava called her at a tea joint near the Mandvi court and got caught accepting the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095520", "title": "Akshara Hassan leaves Maniratnam in shock", "text": "Renowned filmmaker Maniratnam got the shock of his life. After achieving so much in Film Industry, he might not have dreamt in his wildest dreams anything like that happening to him.A 21-year-old girl said no to Maniratnam, when he offered a film in the lead role. And the girl happens to be none other than Akshara, the younger daughter of legendary Kamal Hassan and Sarika.Confirming the reports, Kamal said,\"I have no idea why Akshara turned down Maniratnam's offer. I have never imposed any restictions and my daughter are always free to do whatever they want. It's up to her to decide her future. I guess , Akshara might follow me - starting from behind the camera and then facing the camera later on\".Akshara is content behind the camera and is currently learning filmmaking, unlike her sister Shruti who is facing the camera. Sources say, Maniratnam who is known for his uncompromising nature is determined to rope in Akshara for his project. Tough times ahead for this maverick director, who is now on a mission to convince the 'arrogant' beauty. Hope Mani succeeds!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090964", "title": "City\u2019s school kids keep their date with the stars", "text": "GURGAON: Learning subjects like maths, science and geography is no longer considered to be mind-numbing, at least if one were to go by some schools in the city. More and more schools are taking initiatives that lend students an extra edge and add fun to the whole process of learning. They are starting clubs to impart practical implementation of what's being taught in the classroom environment.One such initiative is the astronomy club in which students get hands-on training about rocketry and comet making. They also get to camp outside for night sky observation at a place located around 20km from Gurgaon, where they visually locate thousands of stars and constellations with the latest equipment and telescope.While GEMS International School already has an amateur astronomy club, others like Shri Ram, Lotus Valley and Amity will be starting such clubs in the coming academic year.\"While schools do a great job in teaching the curriculum in a classroom environment, we want children to believe that learning maths, science, and geography could be fun and the Outside Classroom Learning (OCL) initiative is only an extension of this learning process. Astronomy and space science is an extremely exciting field - it has several research and career opportunities. Astronomy clubs help students develop an interest in space and celestial objects incorporating various subject domains including physics, maths and history related to their curriculum through a fun- and practical-based approach,\" says Anurag Mehra, CEO, Zlife Education that conducts these workshops.\"Each club has a strength of approximately 35-50 students and there are totally three levels of the astronomy club module. Each module is approximately 32 hours in duration, spread across eight to ten sessions in an academic year,\" he said.The sessions focus on hands-on experience with 70% practical and 30% theory. While level one focuses on things like the study of sun, sundial, comets and telescope making, level two and three are based on higher research and try to inculcate more technical information.Apart from the technical knowledge, kids get to work in teams and in a collaborative environment. To achieve the same, group names are kept on the names of the missions that were launched in space like Atlantis and Explorers. The students of the groups are crew members with divisions in roles like pilots, captains, mission specialists and payload in-charges.\"The club helps students understand celestial objects and space in a practical manner. We have around 25 students in our school from Grade VI onwards who are part of the club and they have to pay a nominal amount of Rs 4,000-5,000 per year. It makes the learning exercise more fun as we also organize overnight camping sessions for the students to watch the night sky,\" said Sudha Rajamohan, principal of GEMS International School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091476", "title": "Parties welcome probe into ID cards", "text": "NASHIK: The decision of state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan to order district collector P Velrasu to probe into bogus voter identity cards has been welcomed by political parties in Nashik.\"The decision to conduct an inquiry into bogus voter ID cards is laudable. Stern action must be taken against those involved,\" said Arjun Tile, outgoing city chief of the Shiv Sena . When asked whether bogus cards were one of the reasons for the poor performance of the Sena in the recent NMC polls, Tile said, \"Yes, this is 100% true. The use of bogus voter cards was also one of the reasons that the election results were wrong and against the party.Akash Chhajed, city chief of Congress, said, \"The Congress has been bringing to the notice of the administration the bogus names in the voters' list. We have drafted many letters in this regard to the NMC. I showed them the original cards and the duplicate ones as well. The original votes of the people have been insulted. By-elections should be held if the inquiry shows grave mistakes. Unless action is taken, such things won't stop.\"Sujata Dere, city chief of MNS, said, \"It is not right to comment on bogus voting unless there is some concrete proof. If they find some proof after inquiry, then by-elections should be held only in those wards where bogus voting is detected. It is not advisable to waste money in conducting bypolls everywhere.\"Gajanan Shelar, city chief of NCP, said, \"During the legislative assembly elections, we had brought this to the notice of the district administration. There were 2,05,357 bogus names then...65,000 new voters have been added now. We also told the election commission. Satyanarayan told us it is the responsibility of the local administration. We sent a letter to the district administration again, who in turn, told the NMC to refresh the list. Despite providing them with proof, they did not do anything.\" Shelar added that by-elections would not take place. \"This is just a farce to cool the heated atmosphere. These are false assurance by Satyanarayan,\" he said.The BJP, while welcoming the probe, said that EVMs were also an issue. \"Though action by the state election commission (SEC) is welcome, the commissioner is only looking at the issue of fake ID cards and electoral roll. The bigger issue is the EVMs, which are doubted by every party,\" BJP Nashik unit president Lakshman Savji said. Reacting to Satyanarayan asking the collector to verify about the ID cards provided by one Kanhaiyya Pardeshi, Savji said this is just one part of the inquiry, which could result in some officers going home.Gopal Patil, BJP's candidate who had unsuccessfully contested from ward 53, has also welcomed the move. Patil is now spearheading an all-party agitation claiming that electoral rolls of 35 wards in NMC had names of electors from rural areas. Speaking to the media along with Rajendra Bagul, Shivaji Nimse, Sharad Koshire and Kalpana Pande, Patil said they called off the agitation after the SEC ordered an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090165", "title": "HC tells state to explore ways to restore abandoned mines", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed the Maharashtra government to explore how they can make it mandatory for mining companies to restore abandoned mining land. A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale asked the government to file their reply within a week.Earlier, the court had asked the government to implement recommendations of a report by Centre for Environmental Management of Degraded Ecosystems (CEMDE, India) director CR Babu. He had advised on how such mines should be replanted/filled up by the grass/shrubs to avoid further deterioration.The court had told the government to circulate Babu's report to the offices of deputy director, district mining department and all state collectors. These offices were told to ensure that as per the provisions of mining rules and under relevant laws, the mines are not abandoned, remain unclaimed or unattended.The court's directives came while hearing a PIL filed by social worker Umesh Chaube and three others against illegal mining in Khapa forest near Nagpur. Anand Parchure and Srikant Khandalkar appeared for the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090045", "title": "Metro rail may need to get its act together", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metro Rail project may be suffering from teething troubles at this juncture, but a technical hitch if left uncorrected is likely to derail the project when it reaches the operational stage.Like the Bangalore metro rail, the Hyderabad authorities too are implementing the project under the provisions of the Tramways Act. However, the Bangalore authorities were in for a shock when the concerned railway officials refused to give them safety certification on the grounds that a separate Metro Act needed to be legislated and the Mysore Tramways Act 1906, under which they were implementing the project could not be used for the project. Belatedly, the Bangalore metro rail officials brought about the Metro Act and secured the necessary clearances. A similar fate awaits Hyderabad project unless it gets into the act and legislates the Metro Act without waiting till the last moment.According to the official records of Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL), to provide legal cover for the project, the Andhra Pradesh government enacted \"The Andhra Pradesh Municipal Tramways (Construction, Operation and Maintenance) Act, 2008\". The Act, it was claimed, adequately deals with various aspects of construction, operation and maintenance of the proposed Metro rail system.However, going by the Bangalore metro experience, the Commissioner of Railways Safety (CRS) -who operates under the ministry of civil aviation and is not a handmaiden of the state government - will not take up HMRL's application for the safety certification unless the project is under a Metro Act that is enacted by the state government and the gazette notified by the Union government. \"The safety specifications are different for tramways and Metro rail. Therefore, it would be wrong to execute a metro rail project under the Tramways Act. This was the mistake committed by Bangalore metro and it took some time before it was rectified. The hitch not only delayed the project but also escalated its cost,\" Prof M N Srihari, advisor to the Karnataka government on traffic, transport and infrastructure, told TOI.When the Commissioner of Railway Safety and the Research and Design and Standards Organization, another railway entity, told them that the safety certification cannot be issued as the project is being implemented under the Mysore Tramways Act and not under a Metro Act, the Bangalore metro authorities belatedly went about correcting the mistake. \"The project was already halfway done and it was not easy to enact a law. We could somehow manage it only due to the intervention of some BJP bigwigs. Finally, the Bangalore Metro Act was enacted after which the Commissioner of Railway Safety gave the safety certification. However, because of this goof-up, the project got delayed by one year and it also put us in the red by another Rs 800 crore,\" a Bangalore metro rail official said.Taking note of the lacuna, a city-based human rights activist has moved the AP High Court and the case is pending. S Jeevan Kumar, president of Human Rights Forum, filed the writ petition in February last year questioning the validity of the Tramways Act in governing the execution of the Metro Rail project. The court issued notice to HMRL and the state government and the case is pending before the court.On their part, the Hyderabad metro rail authorities said they were aware of the technical hitch and that they are already working to rectifying it. \"We have learnt from the experience of Bangalore metro and we are taking all necessary steps to correct the mistake,\" said a senior Hyderabad Metro Rail official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12090816", "title": "Gunmen target Sena leader\u2019s car in Kalwa", "text": "THANE: A local builder and senior functionary of the Shiv Sena , Nandakumar Salvi, was attacked by unidentified gunmen who fired a couple of rounds at his parked vehicle in Kalwa.The gunmen fled the spot after throwing a letter inside the premises of his bungalow, demanding extortion money.The letter is believed to have been signed by one Vicky who warned Salvi that the firing was 'just the beginning'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091539", "title": "Budget 2012: Fiscal deficit checks big hike in health allocation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government had promised to step up spending on health to 2.5% of GDP in the 12th Plan, but is likely to allocate a modest 13%-15% jump in this year's Union Budget due to a resource squeeze caused by slowing growth.While Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is keen to widen healthcare coverage and ensure better medical facilities, the Planning Commission has indicated that the health ministry's allocation could be around Rs 27,000 crore for 2012-13, a jump of 13%. It was Rs 24,000 crore last year.A high-level review held by the Prime Minister's Office recently has firmly fixed India's health budget at 2.5% of GDP - a target mentioned by the PM during a recent speech at a function to mark India's success in eradicating polio.The 12th Plan (2012-17) targets an increase over current spending that adds to 1.4% of GDP. The PMO has asked the Plan panel to allocate adequate resources to achieve this target, said an official press release.The health ministry had hoped to receive around Rs 40,000 crore during 2012-13, given the government's ambition to universalize healthcare, improve and expand the primary health centre network and provide free medicines in public hospitals. These expectations have been hit by the sub-7% growth that hurt revenue collections and UPA-II's social welfare programmes.But officials expect major allocations of the 12th Plan to begin flowing in from next year. \"The allocation for the first year of the 12th Plan was expected to be less. It is only to support existing healthcare programmes. The chunk of the expected 12th Plan budget will start coming in from 2013-14,\" an official said.Sources said \"as against India's Rs 90,000 crore health budget for the 11th Plan, we expect Rs 3 lakh crore in the 12th Plan.\"The PMO said on Wednesday, \"The Prime Minister has emphasized the need for increased outlay on health sector during 12th Plan so that adequate funds are made available for the sector. He has also stated that though funds for the health sector will not be a constraint, there is a need to create adequate capacity at the Centre and the states to meaningfully absorb the increased outlay.\"The official release did point to the crucial role of the states that are to account for two-thirds of the planned spending. \"As health is primarily a state subject, the outlay of states for health would be critical in achieving this target. The Planning Commission may motivate states to allocate more funds for the health sector.\"The Plan panel's high-level expert group on universal health coverage had first proposed increasing the health budget to 2.5% of GDP by 2017, and to at least 3% of GDP by 2022. The group had said, \"Even if we assume that the combined public and private spending on health remains at the current level of around 4.5% of GDP, this will result in a five-fold increase in real per capita health expenditures by the government from around Rs 650-700 in 2011-12 to Rs 3,400-3,500 by 2021-22.\"It added, \"Increased public expenditures, in our estimate, will lead to a sharp decline in the proportion of private out-of-pocket spending on health - from around 67% today to around 33% by 2022.\"India devotes among the lowest proportion of total public spending to health - at or below 4.4% of total government spending between 1999 and 2009, according to WHO. Only nine countries (out of 191) devoted a smaller share of government spending to health than India.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12092659", "title": "Power tariff hike proposals unfair, say consumers", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid sharp objections to the power tariff proposals seeking a hike of 20 -27% by the power distribution companies, the MP Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) on Tuesday wrapped up its last phase of the public hearing on the issue.Those who objected to the proposed power tariff hike argued that the three power distribution companies (discoms) should bring down their whopping distribution losses, modernize its system and improve its working instead of proposing tariff hike every year.Different social and business organisations, including Bharatiya Kisan Sangh, an outfit of Sangh Parivar, opposed the proposed tariff hike proposals tooth and nail. However, no political party or its representative was present to raise objections to the tariff hike proposals at the MPERC public hearing at Academy of Administration.BKS asked the MPERC chairman Rakesh Sahni to strike down the tariff hike proposals immediately adding that the farmers were not getting electricity even for six hours daily.BKS Mahakoshal Pranth president Ravidutt Singh asked Sahni to immediately reject the hike proposals and urged him to take measures for bringing down the electricity tariff, which is on the higher side in MP.As soon as the hearing began, the first objector Suhas Virani said that the companies were seeking a huge hike in tariff for the electric supply to hostels run for college students. He said the state government was giving scholarship to the meritorious students, but it was baffling the discoms wanted to hike the tariff on the electricity to hostels.They (discoms) wanted to hike the tariff of electricity supply to hostels and wanted to treat it as a separate segment - different from the domestic consumers he said adding that this move was unfair. \"Do the vegetable sellers give potato at a higher price to students and cheaper to others,\" Virani quipped.Yogesh Goel, managing director of Alco Electrostrips Private Limited, speaking on behalf of Govindpura Industries Association and Federation of MP Chamber, Trade and Commerce, said that the tariff petitions were incomplete and lacked details.CB Malpani, general secretary, Association of Industries, Mandeep, too argued for better power supply to industries at a rational rate. S Pal, chief executive, Anant Spinning Mills Vardhman Yarns, suggested that the power discoms should bring down their distribution and commercial losses.Suneel Bhargava, regional vice president of MP Laghu Udyog Sangh, voiced over the problems of small scale industries in connection with the power hike petitions.N K Jain, an advocate, said MPERC should exert pressure on discoms to improve their efficiency instead of giving in to their proposals seeking tariff hike. He said that discoms should also state their manpower and material expenditure with average of top best five discoms in the country. They should also submit proposals to bring their expenditure on par with the best five discoms.Right now a domestic consumer was paying Rs 3.30 per unit up to 50 units power consumption, Rs 3.73 per unit for 51 to 100 units power usage, Rs 4.60 for 101 to 200 units' consumption and Rs 4.80 for more than 200 unit power usages monthly. MP is among the seven states of country where the electricity tariff remains at a much higher side.With the last hearing over, the MPERC would now take a final call on the power hike proposal.Before this, MPERC had held public hearing in Indore and Jabalpur on February 22 and February 25 respectively.MPERC had received 127 objections to the proposals. It got 82 objections, 28 and 17 objections from the consumers of MP West Power discom, MP Central Power discom and MP East discom respectively.Last year, the MPERC had received 172 objections to the tariff hike proposal for the current fiscal. Then, 128 complaints had trickled in from MPWPDCL, 20 from MPCPDCL and 34 from MPEPDCL respectively.For the current fiscal underway, the three discoms had submitted ARR of more than Rs 17,337 crore and sought a hike of 25 per cent to mop up finance. However, Commission allowed a rise of 6.14 per cent for meeting the ARR of Rs 12,444 crore. MPERC allowed the tariff rise on May 23 which became effective in June last year.The three discoms - central, east and west having around 70 lakh consumers have filed annual revenue requirements (ARR) of Rs 24,000 crore for 2012-13 along with tariff proposal seeking hike for the next fiscal with MPERC.The central, east and west discoms have sought a hike of 22.18 per cent, 20.58 per cent and 27 per cent respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai/ nashik", "code": "12091039", "title": "Probe ordered into \u2018bogus voting\u2019 plaint", "text": "MUMBAI/ NASHIK: Following accusations that fake election identity cards were used during the civic polls in Nashik, state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan on Wednesday ordered a probe into it and directed Nashik collector and acting municipal commissioner P Velrasu and state chief electoral officer Debashish Chakravarty to submit a detailed report of the findings on or before March 7.\"We have been asked to see if the electoral photo identity cards in circulation and alleged to be fake have the holograms and match with the electoral rolls. The report has to be filed in seven days,\" Velrasu said.The probe has been initiated after one Kanhaiyya Pardeshi alleged that there was rampant use of fake voters card in the recently concluded civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094448", "title": "Mahesh Babu goes national", "text": "The actor has reportedly become the national brand ambassador for a soft drinkThis Tollywood actor was recently voted fifth in the Times Most Desirable Men 2011 and thus, his popularity pan India speaks for itself. Now it looks like Mahesh Babu has caught the eye of not just youngsters but even brands nationally. The latest news is that the actor has now reportedly been signed on by a popular soft drink to be their brand ambassador. Apparently, the commercial was shot over a few days in Bangkok, Thailand, keeping in mind the context and production values of the ad.What's more, it seems that this is a campaign that's not just going to run in the south but across India! It is reported that Mahesh Babu would become the face of the product across India taking over from a noted Bollywood actor who was the face of the campaign till now.Incidentally, there's also been a lot of buzz around Mahesh Babu's Bollywood debut with stories stating that he would be in the Hindi remake of Businessman, reprising his role from the Telugu original. But the actor has reportedly denied it stating that he is happy in Tollywood for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091162", "title": "He helps masses use RTI effectively", "text": "MANGALORE: Meet Harsha Raj Gatty, 24, a silent warrior, who has taken it upon himslef to spread awareness about the Right to Information (RTI) Act 2005, widely described as a powerful tool to eradicate corruption and to establish accountable governance in the country.In May 2011, he founded Whitewhistle, a forum that educates people especially in rural areas on different aspects of RTI and also give them necessary training to use the tool effectively. Gatty through the forum trained several students, NGOs, organizations and government officials including police officers. Recognizing his efforts, the department of personnel and training (DoPT), government of India honoured him with a fellowship on Right to Information Act (RTI) for the year 2012.After completing post-graduation in journalism, Gatty began his crusade against corruption by spreading knowledge about the act at a summer camp organized for children by city-based Centre for Integrated Learning (CIL). He also conducted training for over 40 cops following a request from city police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh. His fight yielded a noteworthy result when a public sector bank was forced to remove a hoarding carrying defaulters' photos put up in front of its head office. The practice is against the banking norms in the country.He has so far filed more than 100 RTI applications through Whitewhistle and obtained a certificate - certificate of completion on RTI Act 2005 - from the Centre for Good Governance, government of India in March 2011. He also has coordinated the mass RTI education programme organized as part of the sixth anniversary of effective implementation of the act. \"My main goal is to teach the common man, especially villagers, the use of RTI Act. In addition to filing RTI applications, we also teach and help people make use of various provisions of it. The motto of Whitewhistle is to educate people about their fundamental right to seek information from public offices and simultaneously alert public servants of their duty,\" he said.Fellowship on RTIDoPT invites journalists, activists, government officials from all over the country to apply for the prestigious fellowship award. Only four persons will be selected for the three-month research programme on RTI, which will commence from April 1. Gatty has been selected for the fellowship for his proposal on 'lack of adequate capacity on the part of the marginalized groups to utilize the RTI Act effectively'. Gatty will be conducting research on the theme in DK and Udupi districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092484", "title": "C-SiS readying to host young visitors", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre for Science in Society (C-SiS) at Cusat is busy getting a facelift as it will play host to students from different parts of the city and state from the first week of April. The students will be visiting the centre to enjoy the spirit of science through fun and practice.Well-known science communicators will guide children from Class IV to Class X as they spend their summer vacation learning through laboratory activity, science park, computer and math lab and a well-stocked library. \"This is the only institution functioning under a university, which grooms children to learn and love science and mathematics,\" said Dr K G Nair, founder director, C-SiS.The programme will continue for 7 weeks till May end. \"We are having two batches for April and May. There is a two-month programme for students who want to spend more time in laboratories,\" he added.The science park is an outdoor facility where children can play and learn science principles using play models. A herbal park, butterfly garden, rainwater harvesting unit, biogas plant and the children's hall of scientists are the main attractions.There are special pavilions for physics and biology where participants can interact with various gadgets and models. The 'See and believe' laboratory will help children do basic experiments in science. \"While one set of students are out in the park and the laboratory, there is a group which sits in the library. We have a rare collection of 8000 popular science books and journalas,\" he said.The fee for the single month programme is Rs 3450 and for two months in Rs 5900 inclusive of study material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090233", "title": "\u2018I\u2019m very comfortable with Indian way of life\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: More than the level, it was the nationality of the sitar player which aroused the interest of the audience seated in Sai Sabha Graha on Wednesday evening. In a programme of jugalbandi between Sitar and Pakhawaj, the sitar player was a Belgian national hailing from Brussels.Bert Cornelis and fellow percussionist, Pt Udhav Shinde Apegaonkar had come together to perform at Taalsparsh, a programme organized by Srijansheel Pratishthan.In a chat with TOI, ahead of the performance, Bert shared experiences of his journey as a student of sitar and then as an artist of this performing art.He first heard the strains of sitar at a friend's house in Brussels where a CD of Pt Ravi Shankar was playing. \"I thought that I was born to play this instrument.\"The smooth flow of music from the maestro's sitar stirred the 20-year-old to an extent that he actually thought of learning it.Describing sitar as a musical instrument which has a very cosmic sound that reaches the heart, he says, \"My friends began to stimulate me to seek out a teacher. It was then that I met my guru Pt Ashok Pathak, who lives just 20 miles from my hometown. I asked him if I could learn playing from him. So I think sitar chose me instead of it being the other way round.\"Bert's first session of learning was at a summer camp of music conducted by Pt Pathak. He has been learning and playing for the past twenty years and has learnt the nuances of Hindustani classical music at the Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Allahabad. \"It was only when I began learning classical music that I realized that playing sitar is simple but mastering the ragas difficult.\"Cornelis began giving performances abroad just after three years of learning. \"I first asked him to accompany me in Brussels as I required someone to play the lehera,\" adds Pt Apegaonkar who has had many concerts with him in cities like Aurangabad, Pune and Mumbai. \"I have had jugalbandi with santoor, sarangi and sarod too but the best is with Pakhawaj. That's because sitar is a very feminine instrument and Pakhawaj very masculine with its resounding beats,\" says Bert.Wearing an olive green colour kurta and cream coloured pyjama, Cornelis sits cross-legged with much ease. Ask him if he is comfortable sitting like this and he says, \"I think I have a karmic connect with India. I am very much at home with its way of life.\"But in terms of audience and students, Bert, who has been holding concerts in India and abroad, finds audiences in the West better than Indians. \"In India a big chunk of the audiences understands music but I feel the audience abroad is far more disciplined and keen to listen. But once I start playing I am unaware of the place where I am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12082295", "title": "Charu Parashar's fashionable do", "text": "Designer Charu Parashar recently completed a decade in the fashion industry, and held a fashion show to celebrate the occasion.She said she'd come a long way since she started. \"To show couture, you need to take a few years to understand and bridge the gap between fusion, pret and couture. My work has grown as far as silhouettes and cuts are concerned. I feel like a baby in couture.\"WEDDING DAY BURDEN? Sonalika Sahay was the showstopper. \"The work on the clothes is heavy, but the fabric and stones are light. An Indian bride carries almost 10 kg for the pheras in her wedding, but I don't want them to carry that sort of a burden,\" said Charu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094308", "title": "Miss India contestant of 2006 bags a film", "text": "Neha Ahuja will star opposite Rajeev Khandelwal in Anish Khanna's When Love HappensAfter modeling for several years, Miss Asia 2007 runner up, Neha Ahuja has bagged a film opposite Rajeev Khandelwal. The project titled When Love Happens will be directed by Anish Khanna and will also star Rayo Bakhirta from Pyaar Ka Punchnama fame.Neha has been a prominent face in the modeling world after contested for Miss India in 2006. She was crowned \"Miss Beautiful Skin\" at the pageant. The following year, she became the runner up in the Miss Asia pageant and also won the title of \"Miss Photogenic- Face of Asia\".According to reports, Rajeev Khandelwal was involved in the casting process. A source close to the film told Mumbai Mirror, \"The makers of the film auditioned number of girls for the spot of the leading lady but were unable to decide. It was Rajeev who volunteered to be a part of the casting process and suggested Neha's name.\"When contacted, producer Sunny Sharma said, \"We auditioned a lot of girls and Rajeev was very helpful during the casting process. He suggested Neha for the role.\"Neha Ahuja, the leading lady of the film said, \"Shooting for a film is going to be very different from shooting an assignment as a model.\"The shooting of the film will begin next month and the makers plan to release it by the end of the year. For Rajeev, it is yet another film with an English title after Will You Marry Me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12089865", "title": "Khaki terror: Elderly dies trying to save son from Delhi cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior citizen died after he was allegedly pushed and kicked by two constables at the Dhaula Kuan police post in south Delhi on Tuesday night. The 66-year-old retired accountant suffered a heart attack and collapsed trying to save his son from being beaten up by the cops.The victim, Anil Kumar Arora, was taken to Safdarjung Hospital after senior officers intervened but was declared dead on arrival. The police commissioner has asked the crime branch to probe the incident. A magisterial inquiry has also been ordered.The Arora family, returning home to Geeta Colony from Dwarka after an engagement ceremony, had stopped at the police post to ask for water to cool the over-heated radiator of their car.Kamal Arora, the deceased's eldest son, said his brother Mohit, 32, was beaten up by a constable after he asked the cop to get off the phone and help the family. The constable slapped Mohit, pinned him down and dragged him by the collar before being joined by another colleague.\"Mohit entered the post and found constable Vikram Singh talking on his mobile. When Singh did not respond after several minutes, my brother asked him to get off the phone, saying his elderly parents, wife and their eight-month-old child were waiting in the car,\" said Kamal, Arora's elder son. \"We could never have imagined what followed.\"\"Seeing his son being assaulted, Arora rushed out to help. One of the constables kicked him and pushed him hard. He fell on the floor and collapsed,\" said a family member who witnessed the incident.Anil Arora had worked in DU's Motilal Nehru College.The southwest district police later gave their version of the story. \"There was a minor scuffle between constable Vikram Singh and Mohit. Later, his father Anil intervened. It has been alleged that Vikram pushed Anil, who lost consciousness and was rushed to Safdarjung Hospital where he was declared brought dead. The medical authorities on preliminary examination have not indicated any external injuries on the body of the deceased,\" an officer said.Police said a case has been registered under IPC section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) at the Delhi Cantonment police station and the investigation handed over to the crime branch.On Wednesday morning, the Arora family said police were trying to mislead the probe. \"They have claimed that my perfectly healthy father died a natural death. We have approached the court which has dismissed their petition,\" said Kamal Arora.\"We are waiting for the magisterial enquiry. We are also going through the CCTV footage from inside the police post and recording the statements of the deceased's son. We would be questioning the constables as well and if find evidence, we will definitely arrest them,\" said an investigating officer.Kamal said the family was returning home to Geeta Colony from Dwarka when the incident took place. \"We were travelling in two cars. I and my wife were in a WagonR which developed a radiator leak. We had to stop every 15km to refill water in the tank. My brother, who owns a gym in east Delhi, was driving his i10. He had collected two water jars to help me out. When we reached Subroto Park, I speeded ahead and my brother said he will follow suit after collecting the water,\" Kamal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092487", "title": "Bahrain Air to promote Kerala tourism", "text": "KOCHI: Bahrain Air is planning to promote Kerala tourism to offset the revenue losses caused by the Arab Spring last year, said Naeem Mahamoor, Bahrain Air's marketing manager in Kochi on Monday.\"In Syria and Egypt , the turmoil is still on and it has caused revenue losses of 15- 20% for Bahrain Air since late 2010. Hence, we are trying to promote Kerala and Mumbai as tourist destinations. Channel 2 will broadcast an episode on Kerala and our in-flight magazine Reesha will feature articles on Kerala in the next three months,\" he said.\"Arab tourists - the first group we are targeting - are interested mainly in shopping, and secondly, in the cool weather of the high ranges, especially Munnar and Thekkady,\" Mahamoor said.\"A typical Arab FIT (Free Independent Traveller) group will be as big as nine individuals and will prefer deluxe hotels to stay rather than houseboats. Their spending power is higher than that of similar tourists from Western Europe and the US,\" he added.\"During the off-season (May-July), our flights are half-empty and this is the time when schools close in the Gulf countries. With the help of our partners in Kerala, we are hoping to fill these vacant seats.\"Expatriates from West Asia are the second group whom we are targeting. Ayurvedic spas are a great hit with westerners. Kerala is a value-for-money destination for them, and is not as commercialized as Sri Lanka,\" Mahamoor said.Bahrain Air now operates 14 flights a week to Kerala. Five flights each to Kozhikode and Kochi and four to Thiruvananthapuram.\"We have rights to operate seven flights to Thiruvananthapuram, and if the route is popular we may increase the number of flights from four. Bahrain Air is also trying to get traffic rights to Coimbatore, Mangalore and Madras,\" Mahamoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091987", "title": "Mylarappa case: hearing adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Wednesday adjourned hearing on a PIL challenging BC Mylarappa's appointment as registrar of Bangalore University.The division bench headed by Justice KL Manjunath will hear the petition on Thursday. The bench wanted to know why the petitioners had filed a representation before the government seeking Mylarappa's removal instead of approaching the high court directly. \"Mylarappa was not duly qualified to become a lecturer in the university and he is an usurper of a public office. He is guilty of several acts of commission and omission, including indulging in the act of plagiarism...\" the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092432", "title": "Kids deck wardrobe with designer wear", "text": "CHENNAI: Fashion icon Barbie may be the biggest inspiration for children to stay beautiful. After more than 50 years, her pink has not faded a bit. Yet, for today's kids, Barbie is not the only sartorial source to stay on top. From Bollywood designers to bridal-wear specialists, children have a wide range to deck up their wardrobe.The preference for kids designer wear in Chennai veers towards Indowestern and ethnic clothing. Chennai -based designer Rehane Yavar Dhala designs ball gowns, velvet jackets, sherwanis and shirts for kids on orders.\"People in the city always like to be elegantly dressed,\" says the designer .Another Chennai-based designer, Chaitanya Rao has been taking orders for designer wear for kids for close to seven years now. \"Demand for such clothing is mostly ocassion based and landmark events such as first birthday ,\" he says.\"Kids are more informed and selfconscious these days. They are influenced by mass media and peer pressure and they know what the current trends in fashion and style are,\" says designer Rocky S , who designs for Bollywood Barbie Katrina Kaif . The designer retails a ready-to-wear line out of his store in Mumbai.This season's trend include tuxedoes and suits with waistcoats for boys and for girls, silk dresses, velvet trims, rich brocades and Chantilly lace, says Rocky.\"Indians are increasingly becoming fashion conscious and young parents like their kids to dress like them,\" says Neha Sachar Mittal, joint managing director, Kidology, a fashion retailer with stores in Delhi and Mumbai.Mallika Singh Sachdeva, a Delhi housewife and mother of a seven-yearold daughter and a 10-year-old son, says: \"Parents always like their kids to be better dressed than themselves. So if they are in designer saris, they want their children to be well-dressed too.\" And if you think for children all these labels are just labels, ask Najum Sahi-Thorpe , mother of two daughters, aged seven and 11. \"My seven-year-old can easily differentiate between a Malini Ramani and a Gauri &amp; Nainika,\" says Najum. It's parents like Sahi-Thorpe who are the customers of Kidology, which retails clothes in the price range of 5,000 to 16,000. Mittal says the store sells around 20-30 pieces a day in the range of 5,000 to 7,000. When it comes to designing for children , designers point out that they use soft, natural and pure fabrics. Designers also refrain from doing backless and deep neck clothing for kids. \"I don't what them to look like grown-ups .Designers also see a huge potential in after-school wears. With parents encouraging children to sign up for sports, dance and music classes, fashionistas offer the \"right clothing\" for such activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091220", "title": "MNS says new elects sent on secret tour as \u2018bonding exercise\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: After a bonding tour of five days from February 23-28, in Daman and Silvasa, the newly- elected group of corporators belonging to the MNS returned back to the city on Tuesday, February 28.They spent their time at the Khanvil Resort, getting to know each other better. All 40 corporators returned jubilant and confident in their new positions.Post the municipal corporation elections in the city, the newly elected corporators were packed off on a secret tour to bond with each other.The other primary objective behind the exercise was to reportedly prevent other parties from cajoling them in the runup to the power struggle in the civic body where no party has a clear majority. The tour was fun-filled and educative for the group comprising 18 men and 22 women informed party leaders.\"We were told that we could take our families along with us. Many young women candidates brought their husbands with them and the older women brought their children for the trip. Except for corporator Surekha Bhosale and me, everyone had come there with some or the other member of their family,\" said MNS's Nashik city chief, Sujata Dere.Speaking on the agenda outlined for the junket, Dere added that the corporators were informed about the inner workings of the NMC.\"We explained and offered details about the NMC and its functioning. Especially in reference to the Gujarat pattern of governance to our first-time elects, particularly the women corporators,\" Dere who is also a corporattor, added.She said that her experience of the past many years stood her in good stead while managing the queries of incoming corporators.She added, that all of them got their doubts clarified. MLA Vasant Gite joined the group on the second day of the tour and was with them for a day and a half. Dere added that Gite and MLA Nitin Bhosale were in constant touch with her to ensure that all was well. \"Gite phoned everyday to inquire if there was anything more to be done for the corporators, about their well-being. So did MLA Nitin Bhosale. Every minute detail was taken care of.\" Dere said .The MNS coporators had a good opportunity to get to know each other even as they indulged in indoor sport, went for boating and dined together. Dere said they would have not had the opportunity to do this otherwise. \"We have come very close to each other, even with the new MNS corporators whose names we did not know,\" she said. The members also celebrated corporator Ashok Murtadak's birthday like a family.About the mayor's post she said that all of them only prayed that an MNS corporator be elected but there was no discussion on who the candidate would be and that they would respect the decision of their seniors over the issue.Now fresh from the tour, physically and mentally, the MNS corporators are ready to meet people and interact with them first timers have especially expressed confidence of doing so because of the training sessions about NMC during the tour.After coming back to the city, the corporators have come to face the stark reality of the still persistent lobbying to prevent their party to field the mayor and have decided to talk to citizens for the next two days.\"As office bearers of the party, we feel that we could have worked a little harder, we lacked somewhere in garnering more votes, we should have had more interactions with people and one more big convention of Raj Thackeray ,\" Dere concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091892", "title": "India's entry into NSG club may get easier post-July", "text": "NEW DELHI: As foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai prepares to engage the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) for an eventual Indian membership, New Delhi is signaling that it will press ahead despite the NSG's decision to constrain transfers of enrichment and reprocessing technology to non-NPT nations. Mathai travelled to Vienna on Wednesday to meet the NSG troika - the US, the Netherlands and New Zealand - along with Venkatesh Varma, who is in charge of disarmament issues in the ministry of external affairs.However, with the US assuming the presidency of the global nuclear body, India's path towards membership may be easier. The US takes the lead in NSG from June, and the next plenary is planned in Seattle , USA. The Netherlands is the current chair.The Indian quest for membership to the four non-proliferation regimes - NSG, Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), Wassenaar Arrangement and Australia Group - took on a serious tone after the US President Barack Obama formally committed US support to helping India get into these regimes, during his visit to India in November, 2010. Later, India made it clear that it would pursue its membership to all four \"in tandem\" rather than taking them serially.The US formally raised the question of India's membership to the NSG at successive plenary meetings in Christchurch, New Zealand and Noordwijk, the Netherlands. To overcome the \"problem\" of India's non-accession to the NPT (a number of these regimes say they require countries to be signatories to the NPT), the US circulated a paper among the NSG members suggesting that India's NPT membership need not be a \"pre-requisite\".This may have been somewhat difficult for many members to swallow. But simultaneously, the US also piloted a change to the NSG guidelines that would effectively keep crucial ENR technologies out of India's reach.However, the NSG itself took a massive beating when China announced that it would transfer two more nuclear reactors - Chashma III and IV - to Pakistan , without bothering to go to the NSG for a waiver, like the US and India did for their nuclear deal in 2008. The Chinese transfer went through the NSG, despite some dissenting voices, and China actually got away with its \"explanation\" that these reactors had been \"grandfathered\", in other words, signed before China acceded to the NSG. Though nobody believed it, the fact that NSG quietly acquiesced was a sign of the changing global power relations. It made India more determined to join NSG as a member.Last year, former foreign secretary Nirupama Rao had said, \"We don't believe the next NSG meeting will decide on India's membership but would like timelines so that a positive decision is there for the four processes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091998", "title": "Kripashankar Singh\u2019s income source since 1994 under lens", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigating team will probe the source of income of Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family members from 1994, when he became member of the legislative council. The SIT will start investigations afresh though they would refer to the findings of the state anti-corruption bureau and the income tax department, police said.The SIT appointed by Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik on the orders of the Bombay high court on late Tuesday registered the FIR against Kripashankar and his kin at the Nirmal Nagar police station at Bandra.\"While working as a minister for home, food and drugs, Singh and his kin abetted each other for the commission of the said offences and, in furtherance, committed offences of criminal breach of trust by public servant, forgery for the purpose of cheating, destruction of evidence and thereby committed offences under various sections of the Indian Penal Code,\" the FIR said.Sanjay Tiwari's writ petition is treated as the FIR.TOI in its Wednesday edition erroneously mentioned that SIT attached Singh's properties. SIT has not yet attached any property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091278", "title": "\u2018Primary school teachers need the right qualifications\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: There is a shortage of qualified teachers in English medium schools in the city since a Diploma in Education (DEd) is the main pre-requisite for teaching in pre-primary and primary schools and teachers lack these qualifications, the education department said. The department says that this is more prevalent in private schools. The department added that a Bachelor of Education (BEd) is mandatory for teaching in secondary and higher secondary schools.\"Most English medium teachers are not equipped with a DEd to teach young children. There are graduates and post-graduates but onlt the DEd course specifically teaches and trains one on how to handle young children which just any graduation course does not do. If they don't know the psychology of the children how will they handle them in the classroom?\" said administrative officer of the education department, Nitin Upasani. He agreed that the city's English schools lacked such teachers and thus have to settle for graduates, post-graduates and those with a BEd,w ho might not have the required training for teaching younger children.School authorities say that there is no college in the city that provides a DEd course in English and that is why they employ teachers with BEd degrees.Only some English schools have just began to get teachers qualified with DEd with a school for the course in English being opened only a couple of years back.\"There was no English medium institute training for DEd. Couple of years back, Adarsh school near Central bus stand started the diploma course ECE (Early Child Education) in English, a diploma like DEd. The two-year course is followed by an internship of six months,\" said head mistress of Horizon academy school, Kumudini Bangera. \"Despite advertisements, we did not get qualified DEd teachers. There are many teachers with this degree but from the Marathi medium,\" she said.She added that DEd was pursued by XII class pass students and though the teachers are trained in handling primary school children, they are very young to practically do so in schools. \"One cannot expect XII class pass students to handle small children. The teacher should at the very least be a graduate to be able to handle primary students. We do have qualified teachers but those with graduation and BEd,\" said Bangera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090757", "title": "'Dead Italian was to board train to Kochi'", "text": "PANAJI: Italian national, Michele Dell Fere, 45, who was found dead on the tracks near Thivim railway station, was to board the Mangala express to go to Kochi in Kerala.But, he did not board the train and it is suspected that he walked along the tracks and was hit by the same train in which he was to travel South, Konkan railway police said. His body was found near the railway tracks in between Pernem and Thivim railway station on February 21.Police said that Fere, who was residing in a resort at Calangute, was to travel by Mangla express on the day of the accident to Cochin. \"His friend had come to drop him at the station. They entered the station at about 5.55pm and had coffee. Then they walked to the platform. After a few minutes, Fere told his friend that he wanted to go to the bathroom and left,\" police said.But when Fere didn't return, his friend called the taxi driver and started searching for him. Police said that the CCTV footage at the station confirms that Fere had come to the station along with his friend and later he had walked out of the platform. \"He didn't board the Mangla express. We suspect that he walked on the tracks and was hit by Mangla express. His brother is arriving from Italy on March 6,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12090409", "title": "Probe launched into Dholpur agriculture department prayer service", "text": "ALWAR: The district administration in Dholpur has launched an inquiry into the strange practices of holding a compulsory assembly and prayer meeting in the agriculture department of Dholpur. Not just this, the deputy director of the department conducts court-like proceedings to take decision on matters.As soon as it is office time, a bell is sounded directing employees to assemble in front of the building and form lines. Then, deputy director Udaiveer Singh makes all the employees sing the national anthem.\"Then a song, guru gud ho gaya aur chela shakkar ban gaya, which means the teacher has lagged behind while the disciple has made progress, is sung,\" said an employee of the department on condition of anonymity. He added that it is a strange practice.When a farmer comes with a problem, he conducts his conversation with him like a court proceeding and then preaches about the ways of life.Some employees have complained about these practices to the district administration. \"The matter has come to my knowledge and an inquiry has been launched,\" said district collector Ramkhilari Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12092070", "title": "Burglars loot gold, 60k cash", "text": "TRICHY: More than 80 sovereigns of gold and cash worth Rs 60,000 were looted from a stone quarry manager's house at Veppur near Kunnam in Perambalur district on Wednesday evening. According to initial reports, the miscreants had broken into the Perambalur house of Subramanian, 42, who worked for a private cement factory at Ariyalur.Subramanian, for the time being, stayed with his parents Pitchaipillai and Chellammal at a tiled, spacious old-fashioned house at Veppur, as he was constructing a new house for his family. His wife and kids too stayed with him. On Tuesday night, Subramanian had gone to attend night duty, while his parents slept in another room along with members of his family. Meanwhile, the miscreants, the police suspect, might have broken into the portion of the house where Subramanian used to stay, and bolted the room from inside. After looting the house, the culprits escaped through the back portion of the house when Subramanian's parents were in sound sleep oblivious of the burglary.When they opened Subramanian's room in the morning, they realized to their horror that it had been bolted from inside. They immediately reported the incident to Kunnam police who rushed to the spot. The scene of crime was also visited by Perambalur SP Rupesh Kumar Meena. Fingerprint experts were summoned, and sniffer dog Jeeto was pressed into service. Jeeto ran to the nearby bus-stop and stopped directionless. The police surmised that the culprits must have come in a bike and then changed over to another waiting vehicle beyond the local bus-stand.Meanwhile, Rupesh Kumar Meena told TOI that whatever happened could not be termed as \"looting\" but on the face of it, it appeared to be a case of house-break-in. The amount of items missing was yet to be ascertained. A stickler for rules, the SP further said it was binding on the part of the loser to give a list of whatever he had lost, and how they had been earned. However, the police were on the lookout for the culprits who might have broken into the house, and inspector Subbaiyan had been specially assigned for the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090722", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: Top MP politico under CBI lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: In substantial evidence against architect Zahida Parvez which proves her direct involvement in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, CBI sleuths have found that \"her call details matched with the contract killers\". During the questioning of contract killers - Irfan, Shanu Alangua and Salim, who had been contracted to kill Masood, CBI had come to know that they were contacted by a person in Bhopal . At that time, sources say, Parvez was in touch with the killers through her phone. \"We have matched the call details,\" said the source. In another development, the CBI confirmed that Parvez had given 'cash' for the killing, provided a bike to them and another four wheeler.Meanwhile, CBI sleuths also claim that a senior politician from Madhya Pradesh is under CBI's scanner. Based on the questioning of architect Zahida Parvez, who was arrested on Tuesday in connection with the murder, along with a contract killer whose identity has been withheld, the agency is likely to arrest another person soon, CBI sources said.They said the agency is yet to ascertain the exact motive that led to the killing of Shehla and a clearer picture would emerge after detailed questioning of Zahida and a contract killer. The duo has been sent to police custody till March 6 by the special CBI court in Indore.CBI sources claimed that the politician was quite close to Zahida. They said the politician has been questioned by the agency before arrests in the case were made and if required he would again be interrogated. CBI has conclusively found that Shehla was in touch with the same politician who was once the head of Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation before difference arose between them because of RTI applications filed by her, CBI sources said.They said the agency is trying to evaluate if the politician was also involved in the murder conspiracy. The Uttar Pradesh Special Task Force has also arrested a person from Kanpur, who is claiming to have killed Shehla for a contract of Rs three lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092491", "title": "Pregnant women throw a fit over leap delivery", "text": "CHENNAI: On February 29, a date that comes only once in four years, saw many pregnant women due for delivery scrambled to get their dates postponed. Most were torn between the disappointment of being able to celebrate their baby's birthday only every leap year and the excitement of having your child on a comparatively rare date.Doctors in the city's top hospitals got bizarre requests from even the most educated parents. Obstetrician and gynecologist Jayashree Gajaraj of Apollo Hospitals said one of her patients did not want to deliver on Wednesday, but nature had other plans. \"There was a request to delay her delivery, but I did not do it. She went into labour at 6pm and delivered too.\" She said interfering with deliveries could lead to serious complications. \"It can be risky for the mother and the child, and is unethical. If things go wrong I could be dragged to court,\" she said.Some mothers, who were nervous about their due date being too close to the date, got lucky. One of them who was initially due on February 29, delivered on February 24. \"It was a boy and I am happy that I would be able to celebrate his birthday every year,\" said M Gayathri, the mother. There were many others who did not mind having babies on the day. Several parents who went in for normal deliveries did not complain ; in fact some parents planned their caesarean deliveries on February 29 because it astrologically suited the Hindu calendar. \"My astrologer said that according to the zodiac signs of my husband's and mine, it would be good for us to have our baby today,\" said R Savithiri.The trend though was not spread across the city. Some hospitals like the wellknown G G hospitals in Nungambakkam did not receive similar requests. \"None of my patients were due today. There were no emergency caesarean or normal deliveries in our hospital,\" said gynecologist Priya Selvaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092460", "title": "Rabid pig bites two golfers, washerman, done to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A rabid pig was beaten to death at a golf course in Nandanam on Tuesday evening after it bit two golfers. It had earlier bitten a washerman sleeping on thebanksof a canal. While the two golfers were taken to a private hospital, the washerman is undergoing treatment at a government hospital.The Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (Tanuvas ) conducted an autopsy on the animal and found that it was infected by rabies. Tanuvas vice-chancellor Dr R Prabakaran said, \"The pig is generally not an aggressive animal. This animal could have been bitten by a rabid dog or rodents. That's why it attacked people.\"The pig, which had been loitering on the golf course at Cosmopolitan Club for a couple of hours, pounced on businessman S S Prasad, 59, of Nungambakkam, and Air India officer B Srinivasan, 52, of Jafferkhanpet, around 4pm. They were walking towards the third hole when the pig attacked them.While Prasad sustained injuries in the thigh and leg, Srinivasan was bit on the hand.A dozen other golfers, including retired IPS officer Ganapathy, were at the course when the incident occurred. While most ran for their lives, a few, along with caddies,beatup the animal with golf clubs. \"The pig was killed in self-defence,\" a witness told police.Prasad, who is in the electronics business, was still in shock while narrating the incident on Wednesday. \"I didn't sleep the whole night. Whenever I close my eyes, the images of the attack flash before me.\"Basedon a complaint from retired army officer S T K Panickar, security officer at the Cosmopolitan Golf Annexe, the Saidapet police registered a case and began investigations. They found the pig had earlier attacked Tamil Mani Royapettah, a washerman who was sleeping on the banks of a canal near the golf course. He is undergoing treatment atthe Stanley Medical College Hospital.Dr Prabhakaram said people bitten by rabid animals will have to take the anti-rabies vaccine within 24 hours. The vaccine will start protecting the body within seven to eight hours. If the person has sustained bleeding injuries, the virus will get into to the nervous system through blood and travel to the brain. Dr Prabakaran said the proximity of the wound to the brain matters as it will decide when the person starts showing symptoms of rabies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092427", "title": "After killing sister-in-law, mentally unstable youth hangs self", "text": "KANPUR: A 30-year-old mentally unstable youth, allegedly killed his 38-year-old sister-in-law before hanging himself at his home in Vinayakpur Panchwati area under the Kalyanpur police station in the city on Wednesday. The two deceased were identified as Asha Kamal, wife of Om Prakash and her brother-in-law Surendra Kamal.The incident, however, came to light only in the afternoon after one of their tenant Sheela, who had gone to bring her children back from school, returned home and did not get any response despite repeated knockings on the doors at the main entrance of the house.Later, Asha's daughter Lovely (16) also returned home from school, and when she also did not get any response, she alerted the neighbours and asked them to check the house. Locals barged into the house through the roof-top of one of the neighbour Hirendra's house and looked through the window and found Surendra hanging from the ceiling.When the neighbours reached the ground portion of the house, they saw the body of Asha lying in a pool of blood with deep stab wounds in her stomach. During investigation, the police found that Surendra had brutally stabbed Asha to death using a sharp-edged knife. \"We suspect he must have committed the crime as according to family members he was reeling from some kind of mental imbalance,\" said a police officer.According to the Kalyanpur police, Surendra has left behind a suicide note in which he confesses to having killed his sister-in-law Asha Kamal and himself.Asha Kamal's husband Om Prakash used to work at an auto-mobile unit in the city. A few days ago, he lost his father.In his suicide note, Surendra also said that after his father's demise, he was completely ignored by other members of the family. He claimed that he was deprived of food and other basic needs. The police later sent the bodies for postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089854", "title": "Helpline flooded with calls from students battling exam phobia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 200 SSC and HSC students have called up the toll-free helpline launched by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB), seeking counseling for depression and exam-related anxiety in seven days since its launch on February 22.Data from the board helpline revealed that majority of the 1,431 calls pertained to general information about SSC and HSC board exams and exam centers, while 500-odd calls sought writing tips and preparing a particular subject better. Thirty one students called to voice their complaints.Officials said that 188 calls were made by students who were anxious about their performance in the exams. \"Most of these students were depressed and feared that they will not be able to write the exam well and score good marks. The fear psychosis was so high that most of them believed that they will fail in the exams despite being good students,\" a board official said.Dr Bhavesh Lakdawala, who is in-charge of the helpline launched by Civil Hospital since February 1, said that majority of the students who complain of exam fear and want to take a drop are students who have scored 80-85 per cent marks in the prelim exams.\"One student said that he is extremely scared that he will fail and thus wants to deliberately take a drop. The fact that he had scored 85 per cent marks in prelim exams did not matter to him. He was under extreme pressure,\" said Dr Lakdawala.FAQs on the board helpline*Please give tips for time planning in exam halls*Which section of the question paper should be answered first?*Should I follow the textbook or supplementary material?*Loss of concentration*Loss of memory*Lack of confidence*Tips to score better percentage*Which chapter should be prepared first?*In Maths paper, is it advisable to practice sums from practice book textbook illustrations?*Inner fear about board exam and squad*How do I tackle forgetfulness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090504", "title": "\u2018Helmet relief in sync with Central law\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Wednesday informed the Delhi high court that it has framed rules exempting women from wearing helmet only in compliance with the central law - the Motor Vehicles Act.Filing an affidavit in response to a PIL challenging the exemption to women, the state transport department told a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw that the central law had made it optional for a woman riding pillion to wear a helmet. The bench then directed the petitioner to go through the government's affidavit and file his objections by April 25.The court had issued the notice to the Delhi government in August last year admitting the PIL that challenged the related provision in the Delhi Motor Vehicles Rules. Ulhas P R, a social filmmaker, had challenged the exemption, arguing there should be a uniform law for all people irrespective of their caste, creed, gender and religion.According to the Motor Vehicle Act and rules, Sikhs wearing turban and women are exempted from wearing helmets while riding motor-cycles and scooters. According to police, 64 women died in road accidents while travelling on two-wheelers in 2010 and 37 women were killed till June last year, the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "barcelona", "code": "12094440", "title": "Nokia Siemens bags Airtel's 4G network deal for Maharashtra", "text": "BARCELONA: India's largest private telecom firm Bharti Airtel today appointed Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN) for building and operating its 4G network in Maharashtra state.The move will help Airtel offer high-speed data service, which is expected to commence later this year, to its customers in the circle.However, the size of the deal is not disclosed. NSN will provide network design, integration, commissioning and optimisation services to Bharti Airtel using TD-LTE technology for rapid roll-out of the network and full set of care services including hardware, software and competence development services.\"In the next five years, data will be the main thrust in India, riding on the waves of 3G or 4G technologies. LTE provides ultra high speed data access, in conjunction with 3G, this will lead the data revolution and drive fundamental changes in individual lifestyles, businesses and the society at large,\" Bharti Airtel CEO (India and South Asia) Sanjay Kapoor said.TD-LTE (time division duplex long-term evolution) is a technology platform that allows very high-speed access to data and transfer of huge amounts of data via dongles and compatible mobile phones.With this, Bharti Airtel has become the first operator to announce launch of its commercial TD-LTE services, which will be available later this year.As per industry estimates, mobile data traffic in the country is expected to increase nearly 100-fold by 2015 and consumers will stream nearly 600 hours of video content every second, thus paving way for the ensuing data revolution, Kapoor said.The new technology will allow data speeds of upto 100 megabits per second (Mbps).Bharti Airtel had bagged broadband wireless access ( BWA) licence to offer the services in four Indian telecom circles including Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kolkata and Punjab.The company had paid a total of Rs 3,314.36 crore for license and spectrum fees during an auction held in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091160", "title": "Two-year-old killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A two-year-old girl died after she was hit by a speeding tempo at Tathawade on Tuesday evening.The Hinjewadi police have identified the girl as Swati Saroj of Subhadra Bisale chawl in Tathawade. The police have arrested tempo driver Afsar Sayyed (22) of Vinode Vasti, Tathawade, for negligent driving.Investigating officer C D Anubhule said that on Tuesday evening Swati was playing near the road in front of her house when the tempo hit her. She was rushed to a nearby hospital by her parents but was declared dead.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090971", "title": "Rs 9,00cr tax evasion detected in 6 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The sales tax department on Wednesday said that it has detected cases of tax evasion to the tune of Rs 900 crore in the past six months.Officials added that they had identified about 35,000 dealers who used fake invoices to fraudulently claim tax deduction on goods purchased. While the department has so far recovered Rs 200 crore from these dealers, Rajendra Adsul, who heads the vigilance wing, said the process of assessment and recovery of the remaining amount was ongoing.The department has also identified and acted against 980 hawala dealers for issuing fake invoices. Such dealers issue the fake bills (ones without dispatching goods) for a commission. Adsul claimed that police complaints have been lodged in 42 cases so far. He added that arrests have been made in around 15 cases. Department officials attributed the increase in the offensive against tax evasion to improved intelligence data-gathering mechanism, where tax-related information is shared on an online platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090937", "title": "Duronto passengers unhappy", "text": "PATNA: Though Patnaites have welcomed the introduction of much-awaited Duronto train between Patna and Shalimar near Kolkata from February 21, several passengers who recently travelled by it said that its journey time is too long even though it runs non-stop between the two stations.It takes nine hours to reach Shalimar from Patna, like other mail and express trains running via mainline Patna-Howrah route, the passengers said, adding Duronto must reduce the journey time at least by an hour. Besides, the railways has not provided pantry car service in this train. Moreover, it charges for bedrolls in Duronto. Since the fare being realized for Duronto is higher than that of the normal fare of mail and express trains, railways must waive bedroll charges, the aggrieved passengers said.Several passengers also urged the railways to ensure that Duronto runs between Patna and Howrah or Kolkata terminal through the mainline section, so that passengers could feel comfortable while getting down from the train. Since Shalimar is located at an isolated place, passengers face difficulty in boarding train from there or finding suitable communication for the main city from Shalimar. Besides, its run through the mainline between Patna and Howrah would not only reduce journey hours but also increase occupancy rate in such a premier train, they said.According to an ECR official, Duronto is taking more than nine hours as it is running on Patna-Kharagpur route, which is a circuitous one. He said the railways is not providing pantry car service in this particular train as it is running for hardly nine hours during night. Under the specified policy, railways has been providing pantry car service in all those trains which have a run of more than 16 to 18 hours, he said, adding railways has, however, set up portable pantry car facilities in most of the trains running for short distance.The triweekly train, which leaves Patna on every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, has its scheduled departure at 8.40pm from Patna Junction, reaching Shalimar next morning at 5.40. On its return journey, it runs every Monday, Wednesday and Friday from Shalimar at 10.05pm reaching Patna next morning at 6.40am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090934", "title": "Lens on \u2018BJP man\u2019 for amassing explosives", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ahmednagar crime branch, which seized over 12,000 detonators and 3,000 gelatin sticks from a BJP leader's properties, said it was probing how the accused managed to keep such a huge quantity of explosives without informing the collector's office.The crime branch has arrested eight persons and booked them under sections of the IPC and the Explosives Act. Gopal Sharma, who claimed to be district vice-president of BJP, and his aides Bhagchand Kanse, Jagdish Kharode, Mangilal Dhinger, Mahadeo Dhinger, Jamnalal Chaudhry, Yurushdeo Gujjar and Mahadeo Chaudhry were produced before a local court and remanded in police custody till April 3. Police are verifying whether Sharma has any links with the BJP. An ATS team reached Ahmednagar to examine if the explosives were to be used for anti-national activities.\"Sharma has a licence to buy explosives for digging wells or blasting rocks. However, the explosives were not kept at the place mentioned in the official records. We are probing why he hid the explosives from the collector's office,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090766", "title": "File complianc report: High court", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of the Patna high court presided by Justice Navniti Prasad Singh on Wednesday directed principal secretary, education department, to file a compliance report with regard to promotion and providing salary dues and other benefits to the demonstrators working in different colleges of the state. The court, while a hearing a contempt petition, directed the principal secretary to file the report by March 21.Directive to govt: A division bench of the high court comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Gopal Prasad on Wednesday directed the state government to file its reply by April 4 in a case related to the government's directive to sugarcane growers of Bagaha in West Champaran to supply sugarcane to Harinagar mill instead of Bagaha mill.The farmers have challenged the government's decision in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12091938", "title": "NFR faces Ulfa heat on school closure", "text": "GUWAHATI: In less than six hours after Ulfa hardliners warned of \"action\" against all Hindi and Bengali-medium schools run by the Railways in the state if the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) implements its closure notice issued to an Assamese-medium school run at Hijuguri in Tinsukia district, the NFR authorities denied taking any such decision.NFR chief public relation officer S Hajong, in a statement issued on Wednesday evening, stated, \"The NF Railway authorities would like to categorically state here that there is no proposal for closure of the primary school run by the NF Railway at Hijuguri. The NF Railway authorities conduct periodic general reviews arising out of the routine work study programme of the railway establishments over the entire NF Railway jurisdiction. Accordingly, a routine notice was sent and the issue was listed for review at the highest level. Following the review, it has been decided to continue to run the primary school in the interest of the people of the region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12091992", "title": "CSIR-Neist celebrates National Science Day", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CSIR-North East Institute of Science &amp; Technology (Neist), Jorhat, celebrated National Science Day on Tuesday with a host of programmes.Addressing the meet, Krishna Gopal Deb Krori, chief consultant, water &amp; power, mentioned the works of Sir M Vishweshwaraiah and how in the past India has produced many giants in the field of science like medicine and astronomy.He briefly apprised the audience of transformation of CV Raman from an administrator to a scientist. Briefing about the contribution of Neist as one of the premier institute, he said it has a strong foundation to study science. He told that Neist is a very prestigious institute established in 1961 and has the capability to produce something in R&D; which can bring it to international level. \"Though a lot of progress has been made by India in the field of science and technology, we have to scale greater heights in the future,\" he said. He added that Neist could contribute a lot in earthquake study in the northeast.\"CSIR-Neist has worked in this direction and published a good number of research papers in national and international journals with high impact factors last year and have received CSIR Technology Awards since the past two years.\" he added.RC Baruah, outstanding scientist, CSIR-Neist and PR Bhattacharyya, senior principal scientist, were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090682", "title": "Kanimozhi withdraws 2G trial relief plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: After initially seeking permanent exemption from personal appearance during daily trial in the 2G spectrum scam case, DMK MP Kanimozhi withdrew her plea later on Wednesday.Kanimozhi decided not to press her application after special CBI judge O P Saini indicated that he would have to ask for the CBI's concurrence before deciding her plea and advised her to instead seek exemptions for short durations as and when there was a need.On Tuesday, Kaniomozhi's counsel had submitted a plea in court seeking permanent exemption from daily appearances in court. She said because of the requirement to be present in court, she was unable to fulfill personal and professional obligations as a mother and a political leader since she had to attend Parliament and also take care of her child.The court had issued notice to the CBI seeking a reply by March 14. Kanimozhi's legal team pointed out that the current recording of evidence related to those who appeared in the first chargesheet and so she could be exempted. However, later they withdrew the plea. Apart from Kanimozhi, others who had sought similar relief included Kalaignar TV MD Sharat Kumar and Reliance ADAG's Surendra Pipara.The CBI had arrested Kanimozhi on May 20 last year and in November 2011, Delhi High Court granted her bail on the ground that she was a woman and a mother of a small child.Meanwhile, counsel for Swam Telecom promoters Shahid Balwa and Vinod Goenka sought extension of two more days to skip court hearing for his clients. Advocate Vijay Aggarwal informed the judge that his clients had decided to slap a counter case on their foreign partner Etisalat and needed to prepare the case in Mumbai.The CBI court had earlier granted the duo three days time to go to Mumbai and prepare their defence against Etisalat, which has sued them in Mumbai High Court after the Supreme Court cancelled the 122 2G spectrum licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12092361", "title": "To settle in Britain, earn \u00a335k per year", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, Britain is breaking the link between the number of years a migrant spends in the country and permanent settlement, by introducing a \u00a335,000 annual salary threshold, a move that is likely to affect Indians.Until now, permanent settlement was automatic: if a migrant spends five years in the UK in an immigration route that leads to settlement , and has not committed major criminal offences, permanent settlement was granted, irrespective of the salary level. The new measure announced on Wednesday is scheduled to be introduced in April 2016, after which migrants will need to show evidence of earning at least \u00a335,000 in annual salary before being granted permanent settlement.Placing the \u00a335,000 salary threshold will result in the number of Indian and other non-EU migrants granted permanent settlement dropping to 20,000 from 60,000 annually, the Home Office said. Those who do not qualify will have to leave UK after 6 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089582", "title": "Nift develops anti-tear fabric for forest officials", "text": "AHMEDABAD: National Institute of Fashion Technology (Nift) Gandhinagar is now working towards fighting one of the biggest nightmares of the forest department officials - thorns. Faculties of the institute are developing a special kind of fabric that cannot be torn by thorns.The institute is developing special fabric to use it to stitch garments for forest officials and is working on a project for designing the uniform for forest officials of the Maharashtra government.Talking about the project, NIFT director Sameeta Rajora said, \"Our faculties are developing a special find of fabric that cannot be torn by thorns or nails. When a nail pierces through the material, it gets locked there and cannot be pulled sideways. This prevents the clothes from getting torn.\"The looks and feel of the new anti-tear fabric will be like that of any other common material. The anti-tear property will be achieved through a new technique of weaving the fibre.Faculties Vishal Gupta, Ranjit Kumar and Manish Bhargav are working on the project for creating new sets or uniforms and accessories for forest officials ranging from forest guards to range forest officers. Currently, the forest officials wear khaki uniforms that look very similar to that of the state police.\"We are designing in such a way that the forest officials will be able to distinguish themselves from other departments. While they are wearing khaki now, we will be giving then a new colour combination which will make them look smart and friendly. We will be designing the garments and the accessories like shoes and caps after studying the environment and working conditions of the officials. Comfort and performance will be the mantra of the designs,\" said Vishal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12093506", "title": "Asif Ali Zardari a good partner in war against terrorism: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has said that Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari is a good partner in war against terrorism, even as Pak military or the ISI, according to her, have maintained relationship with terrorist groups for decades.Testifying before a Congressional committee on Wednesday, Clinton said, \"I think Congressman, what President Zardari told you on behalf of the civilian leadership of the government of Pakistan is true.\"\"He has been a good partner in going after terrorism that threatens his country and Afghanistan and our troops,\" she said while responding to questions from Senator Michael Mccaul .Denying that US has any proof of any Pakistani high-level officials knowing about the presence of Osama bin Laden , she said, \"We have no evidence of any high-level official knowing about bin Laden. But, like you, I have to assume that lower-level people had to have known something. But we haven't proven that. It could be asserted, but not yet proven.\"\"This is a complicated, difficult relationship. What we are doing now is making it very clear what our expectations have to be going forward. And there is no doubt in my mind that certain elements of the Pakistani government are more ambivalent about cracking down on terrorism than other elements,\" Clinton said.\"You know, when I sit across from the foreign minister or talk to the ambassador or talk to the prime minister and others, I think they are very sincere. They know that the scourge of terrorism is killing Pakistanis.\"Deliberating further, Clinton said, \"Zardari knows that terrorists killed his wife. And yet there has been relationship between terrorist groups and the military and the intelligence services for many decades.\"The fact that this democratically elected government has survived longer than any other democratically elected government, is a unique thing. For the first time in the Parliament, you have questions being asked of the military and the ISI. You have the Supreme Court asking questions about actions of the military and the ISI,\" she told the lawmakers.\"So you see the strains and stresses of trying to have a civilian government in a democracy assert control over all elements of the government. We want to continue to support the democratic trend inside Pakistan,\" Clinton said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092505", "title": "12 members of Babaria gang nabbed", "text": "VARANASI: In a major breakthrough, the special operations group (SOG) of police succeeded in nabbing 12 members of Babaria gang including a woman in Robertsganj area in Sonbhadra district on Wednesday. The police recovered ornaments worth of lakhs of rupees, pistols and cartridges from them.Superintendent of police, Sonbhadra, Mohit Agrawal said, \"It was an inter-state gang of Babaria group belonging to Auraiya and Badaun districts. The Babaria group generally targeted banks and jewellery shops particularly during night hours. They used to move on bicycles and live like labourers in rented accommodations to conceal their identity. They also keep women in their gang just to distract the attention of people and police.Agrawal told TOI over phone that the group was involved in over 12 cases of crime in Chandauli and Sonbhadra. The police recovered 6 kg silver, 1 kg gold, four pistols, equipment for breaking lockers and shutters, seven bicycles and live cartridges from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091394", "title": "Tribunal drops contempt notice against Borwankar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) has recalled its own order against Pune police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar, following an explanation given by her.Disposing of an application filed by assistant sub-inspector Laxman Rathod, MAT chairman Justice S Radhakrishnan and vice-chairman A P Sinha, had imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 and a contempt notice on her, after it was found that an order passed by MAT was not implemented by Borwankar.Rathod had alleged that he was denied promotion on the grounds that he was unable to produce a caste validity certificate. After hearing his contention, the MAT had observed that if it was a question of merely being unable to produce a caste validity certificate, he can't be denied the promotion. While the order was passed on November 23 last year, the MAT found that it was not implemented. MAT then issued the notice to Borwankar. However, during the course of the hearing, government counsel informed MAT there were no instructions to him from the Pune police commissioner, as a result, MAT imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 against her for her failure to implement the tribunal order.When the case was heard on February 22, Borwankar, who was personally present before the tribunal, said that the November 23 order was never brought to her notice by her subordinates. \"We have perused Borwankar's affidavit. It is abundantly clear that our order of November 23 was never brought to her notice till we had passed the order on February 6. She also mentions that very serious note has been taken for noncompliance of our order and also to avoid such instances in future, the Pune police commissioner has appointed a special nodal officer to take care of all matters relating to court,'' the MAT observed.The tribunal also observed that it accepted the explanation offered by Borwankar, would drop the contempt notice and recall its order of directing her to deposit a sum of Rs 25,000 in the tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12092222", "title": "Crime graph in city dips as election fever peaks", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems elections and crime have an inversely proportional relationship. While the election season has reached its peak with the last phase drawing near, the crime graph during this time has come down drastically as compared to the past two years.This is evident from the crime graph which has shown a 30% fall between January 1 and February 15 this year. Lucknow police attribute the lull in crime to the massive presence of cops in the city in wake of the assembly election and counting. Or, as put it by Lucknow DIG, \"maybe during poll season, criminal elements get employment 'somewhere else'.\"Barring sporadic incidents, some heinous in nature, the city has overall remained peaceful on the crime front. The fact gets corroborated from the data available with the Lucknow police. A comparison of three years of crime records shows that number of cases registered in the city have come down by about 30%. A total of 895 cases were registered till February 15 this year. This is 354 cases less than 2011 when 1,249 were registered and 109 (11%) cases less than 2010 when 1004 cases were registered during the same period. Even heinous crimes, barring murder and riots, have nosedives in this period as compared to 2010 and 1011.For example, during the said period no case of dacoity was reported this year and last year, while one case of dacoity was reported in 2010. Similarly, six loot cases have been registered this year while the number was eight and 11 in 2011 and 2010 respectively.Against 129 cases of vehicle theft this year, the count for 2011 and 2010 was 190 and 162 respectively. In the same way, the number of theft cases 186 this year, while it was 292 in 2011 and 252 in 2010. However, the exceptions have been cases of murder, riot and rape. A dozen murders have been reported this year against 17 in 2011 and 10 in 2010. Similarly, this year, 30 cases of riots have been reported against 19 in 2011 and eight in 2010. Lastly, against six rape cases this year, seven were registered in 2011 and five in 2010.DIG DK Thakur told TOI the fall in crime is due to two reasons. Firstly, overwhelming presence of cops in the city for February 19 polling. Secondly, criminal elements during election time get employment \"elsewhere\". Though the DIG did not elaborate on \"elsewhere\", the indication could have been towards political parties.Another senior police official preferring anonymity said that since politicians on several occasions come to the rescue of criminals, elections are a pay back time for latter. Services taken from the criminals include managing voters or increasing the head count in the list of supporters, the official added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12092458", "title": "A technology to process waste", "text": "THRISSUR: An expert team from England visited the Corporation here and interacted with the mayor and councillors. The team promised them that it would eliminate waste in the town in 25 years.Robert Drinkwater, David Brown , Nasim Ahammed and Shine Vasudevan of RCR Power Ltd demonstrated their solution to the garbage issue.Robert Drinkwater said, \"Our technology, Vantage Waste Processor (VWP), is cost-effective and environment-friendly. The process involves injecting steam into garbage and converting it into bio-ethanol or electricity, thus avoiding landfill.\"He claimed that each of their machines could process 11 tonnes of waste per hour. The project will run for 25 years. \"We ensure that the waste in the town can be eliminated within 25 years without investing money. We will invest money. All that the Corporation needs to do is collect waste.\"The project, which follows the BOOT (build, own, operate and transfer) scheme, requires minimum eight acres of land to construct the plant. It is a continuous process, and needs 50 employers for 24 hours. The odour control system would prevent odour or any toxins produced from the waste, getting into the air, Drinkwater said. The company has so far not implemented the scheme anywhere in India. \"We have held discussions with the Madurai Corporation.\" Thrissur mayor I P Paul said the decision on VWP could be taken only after holding more discussions. And councillors didn't seem satisfied with the technology. The England team was here at the behest of Vijay Hari of KPCC Vichar Vibhag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12093273", "title": "US court dismisses case against Sri Lankan President Rajapaksa", "text": "WASHINGTON: A federal US court has dismissed a lawsuit filed against the Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, noting he is immune from lawsuits as a sitting Head of State.Dismissing the case yesterday, the US District Judge, Colleen Kollar-Kotelly , said that Rajapaksa has immunity as head of the State.The US State Department had entered a motion asking the case be dismissed because of the immunity precedent.The case was brought by Bruce Fein, an attorney who has been accused of working closely with the pro-LTTE groups in the United States . Rajapaksa was sued by families of the alleged torture victims under the Torture Victim Protection Act passed by Congress in 1992.\"This court is not in a position to second-guess the executive's determination that in this case, the nation's foreign policy interests will be best served by granting defendant Rajapaksa head of state immunity while he is in office,\" Kollar-Kotelly wrote.\"Two centuries of case law and basic constitutional and statutory principles prevent this Court from allowing Plaintiffs' Complaint to move forward at this time,\" the judge said.The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Vathsala Devi as the widow Colonel Ramesh for his alleged wrongful death by the Sri Lankan Army.However, the Sri Lankan government has vehemently denied violating human rights laws during the lengthy conflict against terrorism.Rajapaksa government is accused of violating human rights of its own people during the civil war that ended in the defeat of LTTE .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "barcelona", "code": "12094604", "title": "Huawei bets big on 3G, LTE services in India", "text": "BARCELONA: Chinese equipment vendor Huawei said it expects about 40 per cent growth in revenues from India in 2012 on the back of large-scale 3G roll out, notwithstanding uncertainty in the telecom sector.\"Despite uncertainty, India is on verge of introducing new technologies, specifically 4G (LTE). This will drive the growth for mobile broadband in the country. Growth for us will come from large-scale 3G expansion and LTE roll out,\" Huawei India CEO Cai Liquin told PTI.Liquin said Huawei India saw revenue growth of 30 per cent in 2011 and closed the January to December 2011 period with a total revenue of $1.2 billion approximately.\"Last year, we got 25 per cent of total 3G equipment order that were made by Indian service providers. We are seeing significant expansion of 3G will take on top of this during this year,\" Huawei India Executive Director (Products and Solutions) A Sethuraman said.The company expects equal contribution to India revenues from three segments -- enterprise solutions, device and carrier networks business groups.Uncertainity looms over the Indian telecom sector after the Supreme Court cancelled 122 licences granted in 2008 to new telecom operators.\"Today, we have announced our plan to introduce full range of LTE mobile products, including LTE wireless network card and LTE mobile Wi-Fi into European markets and Asia Pacific by July 2012,\" Huawei Chief Marketing Officer (Devices) Shao Yang said.At the Mobile World Congress 2012, Huawei has showcased its suite of LTE products including LTE smartphone -- Ascend D LTE -- which has dual-core processor and a 4.5-inch High Definition touchscreen.The company also announced launch of world's first smartphone, Ascend D-Quad, with quad-core (four core) processor which it plans to launch in India by the end of second quarter.\"In India, we will expand our portfolio significantly. This will see introduction of leading broadband technologies from Huawei that have been successfully deployed in other parts of the world for their national broadband network,\" Huawei Worldwide Head for Corporate Communications Ross Gan said.He said in 2009, Huawei was commissioned to develop Singapore's Next Generation National Broadband Network (NGNBN).\"It was the first open access NBN to be commercially deployed in the world. We are looking to take similar kind of initiative in India,\" Gan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091355", "title": "Two get 7-year RI for robbing couple", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge S D Darne on Wednesday sentenced notorious criminal Somnath Dhotre (33) of Wadharwadi and his accomplice Rupesh Mandal (25) of Sinhagad Road to seven years rigorous imprisonment, along with a fine of Rs 1,000 each, for robbing a couple of cash, cellphones, ornaments and a motorcycle, all valued at Rs 1 lakh. The incident had taken place on NDA Road on August 31, 2006. Dhotre and Mandal are already in Yerawada central jail for their involvement in a series of cases.Dhotre and his accomplices used to target couples and senior citizens, who used to be on their morning and evening walks on the hills in the city. A third suspect, Vikram Kusumbekar (30) of Vitthalwadi, was arrested for allegedly aiding Dhotre and Mandal in their crimes, while the fourth suspect, Ganesh Dhankade (32) of Raigad, was arrested for allegedly purchasing the stolen goods from the duo. However, Kusumbekar and Dhankade were acquitted by the court for lack of evidence.One of their victims had filed a robbery complaint against Dhotre and Mandal under section 392 read with 34 of the IPC with the Kothrud police station. The chief judicial magistrate had framed robbery charges against all the four accused, but later the charges were filed under the provisions of 397 of the IPC and the case was transferred to the sessions court after it surfaced that a pistol was used to threaten and rob the couple.Additional public prosecutor Subhash Kalbhor, who examined seven witnesses, placed his reliance on the evidence of witnesses for proving the guilt of Dhotre and Mandal. Kalbhor prayed for maximum punishment in the case as Dhotre was already involved in several other serious offences.This is the second case in which Dhotre has been convicted. The court of judicial magistrate first class Swarup Bose had sentenced Dhotre to two years rigorous imprisonment in a case on October 1, 2011.Dhotre, who has 68 cases of robberies, dacoities and thefts registered against him, had escaped from the police custody on December 7, 2009, when he was undergoing treatment at the Sassoon general hospital. He was arrested from his hiding place in Gokhalenagar on January 2, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091020", "title": "Sena sacks district, city office-bearers", "text": "NASHIK: The debacle in the civic polls has led Shiv Sena to sack the entire district and city office-bearers of the party. The decision was taken at party headquarters in Mumbai on Wednesday.The party's city unit chief, Arjun Tile, confirmed that city and district working committees have been dissolved by executive president Uddhav Thackeray but declined to comment further.\"The decision has been taken in view of the assembly and Lok Sabha elections scheduled for 2014. To resist MNS and strengthening the party base in the city is the major reason in dissolving the city and districting working committees,\" Sena sources said.In the recently concluded polls to NMC, Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena emerged the single largest party with 40 seats in the 122-member house. Sena, which along with its ally BJP, had been ruling for the past decade could manage to get only 19 seats, down from 26 in the previous body. In this election, both the parties had contested separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092022", "title": "Four cops suspended in illegal mining case of Sonbhadra", "text": "VARANASI:The station officer and three constables of Obra police station were suspended on Wednesday for negligence in duty in connection with the illegal mining case which claimed lives of nine labourers in Sonbhadra district.Meanwhile, the rescue operation continued on the third consecutive day on Wednesday at the illegal minefield in Billi Markundi area in Sonbhadra. The mine was an illegally operated stone quarry. No more bodies were found under rocks on Wednesday. Two seriously injured labourers are still under treatment.Mohit Agrawal, superintendent of police of Sonbhadra, said, \"The station officer and three constables of Obra police station have been suspended.\"SO Sheshdhar Pandey and three constables Suresh Tiwari, Anuj and Kamlesh Mishra were suspended in this connection. The police also arrested two accused Saroj Chowdhary and Sachchidanand Shukla.Besides, the district administration also recommended the transfer of mining officer A K Sen and suspension of two surveyors of mining department D K Sharma and Daya Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12092655", "title": "Chinese grenade used to trigger explosion", "text": "GUWAHATI: The forensic report on Tuesday's blast in the Nursery area here has confirmed that a Chinese grenade of low-intensity was used to trigger the explosion.On Tuesday around 6 pm, unidentified miscreants lobbed a grenade on the street, injuring four, one seriously. On Wednesday, Manoj Kumar, one of the injured, was discharged while Deben Das, an auto-rickshaw driver, underwent a surgery. The other two victims are doing well.According to the explosive department of the forensic science laboratory here the grenade was a Chinese made hand grenade containing TNT. \"We had collected samples of the explosive from the blast site and tested them to be pieces of an 82/2 model of Chinese grenade. This type of grenade is not of high intensity though can be lethal if exploded from a close range. This type of grenade was used in many other blasts too that happened here in past,\" said Nirmal Talukdar, explosive scientist of Forensic Science Laboratory here.Meantime, the city police have beefed up the security measures and launched search operations for the culprits. City police have tightened security layers at the state secretariat which is one km away from the blast site. The state secretariat will start the Budget session from March 1.\"We got some leads and are following them. We can't share all the information on security grounds now. We hope to nab the culprits soon. They just wanted to create a fear psychosis among public through such an attack,\" said a top police officer.City Police's operation wing has also been instructed to launch a combing operation to hunt the culprits behind the blast. City Police did not mention any militant outfit's name behind the attack.\"This kind of grenade has been used by Ulfa and NDFB in the past. But we can't say anything at this time,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "yadagirigutta (nalgonda)", "code": "12089680", "title": "Telangana ire over raw deal to Yadagirigutta temple", "text": "YADAGIRIGUTTA (NALGONDA): Devotees and pro-Telangana activists are up in arms over the raw deal meted out to the hill shrine of Lord Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy at Yadagirigutta by the state government. Their ire was over the failure of the government to present silk vastrams (clothes) to the Lord during the ongoing Brahmotsavams.They said the government presents silk clothes to the major temples on behalf of the state during Brahmotsavams and important rituals with the chief minister or endowments minister leading the way. \"But Yadagirigutta has always been given a short shrift with the temple board spending money on its own to present the silk vastrams to the Lord. In fact, the CM or the endowments minister do not turn up for the occasion and send some minister to do the honours,\" a senior temple official rued.The shrine atop a hillock is famously known as 'Telangana Tirupati' and is visited by thousands of devotees every day from all parts of the state. Currently the annual Brahmotsavams are under way in the temple since February 26, which will last till March 7. The silk robes would be presented to the Lord during the important Kalyanostavam ritual on March 2. During Kalyanostavam, the presiding deity along with his consort would be presented with the 'pattu vastrams' which would be kept in the sanctum sanctorum first and later the god would be decorated with the vastrams.\"The cost of the vastrams is only Rs 10,000. But the government has never presented it by spending from its exchequer and instead the temple board buys the clothes on behalf of the government. Devotees attach a great sentiment to the clothes but the government has shown partiality against the Telangana temple,\" a pro-Telangana activist rued.Sources said the practice of presenting the clothes has not been implemented from almost one decade. The temple management sends the cheque for the amount to the revenue department for purchase of the celestial clothes. \"We are expecting the government to come out with a GO soon on the presentation of silk vastrams to the Lord,\" B Narasimha Murthy, chairman of the temple board, said.Last year, due to the Telangana agitation, then minister from the district Komatireddy Venkata Reddy presented the pattu vastrams instead of then endowments minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah. Devotees and T-activists brought this issue to the notice of district in-charge minister Sunitha Lakshma Reddy a few days back during her visit.\"This temple is revered and held in high esteem by four-crore people of Telangana. It's high time the government devoted importance to the temple,\" Mohan Reddy, former ZPTC member, said. \"When other major temples like Kanakadurga and Simhadri get the due respect, why not Yadagirigutta temple,\" S Ramappa, Telangana activist, sought to know. The temple earns a revenue of Rs 35 crore annually.The endowments department presents silk clothes at all the major temples which have annual incomes of over Rs 1 crore and above like Kanakadurga temple at Vijayawada, Simhachalm temple, Srikalahasti temple and Sitarama temple at Bhadrachalam. In case of Tirumala and Bhadrachalam, the CM personally goes to the temples and gift the vastrams during Kalyanostavam. For rest of the temples the endowment minister does the honours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sanquelim", "code": "12090432", "title": "Sanquelim heads for straight fight, no sympathy", "text": "SANQUELIM: Four years ago, he bagged the bypoll aided largely by the sympathy wave that followed the death of his brother, Pale MLA Gurudas Gawas. This time around, while Pratap Gawas believes his brother's memory will still draw him the winning votes, analysts say it's a straight fight between the Congressman and BJP's Pramod Sawant for the now renamed Sanquelim constituency.While it has been renamed, the constituency's demography has remained largely the same and includes the Sanquelim municipal area and six village panchayats-Pale-Cotombi, Surla, Velguem, Navelim, Cudnem and Amona.Analysts also point out that while the late Gurudas' 2007 win was in a field that included separate BJP and MGP candidates, the BJP-MGP alliance this time around will throw up a very tight finish.Pratap says he's bound to win as he's brought about major development in the constituency, including a Ravindra Bhavan, a new hospital building, garbage treatment plant, sewerage plant, fish market and Sanquelim town's beautification. \"Everybody knows what work I have done,\" he says.Pramod disagrees, saying there has been no development in Sanquelim's municipal limits. \"Gutters, roads and the drainage system have totally collapsed,\" says the BJP candidate. He also accuses Pratap of doing Arvalem village harm by bringing it under the municipality's limits despite failing to provide it basic amenities of electricity and water.Both contestants agree that mining is the only source of livelihood for the electorate in the constituency. \"We need a dedicated corridor for mining transport and different roads for the public,\" both say. They, both, also talk about getting pollution-free industries to help tide the \"burning\" employment issue.In this political equation is the presence of Suresh Amonkar, a former health minister in the 2002 BJP-led government. The then BJP candidate lost to Gurudas by 1,591 votes in 2007. In the 2008 bypoll he came in third, contesting as an independent candidate. While he's not in the fray this time around, having been convinced by the BJP not to contest-and observers say he is upset about this-his support makes a difference; which is why both candidates claim they have Amonkar's backing.Ultimately which P-Pratap or Pramod-will poll the winning votes only March 6 will tell.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090906", "title": "HR manager murder: \u2018Killer\u2019 techie held", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police claimed to have solved the murder case of an HR manager with a private firm whose body was found with 26 stab wounds, a couple of days ago.The police have arrested a software engineer in connection with the case. According to the police, the techie, identified as Prashant Tomar, a resident of Mathura, was also the mastermind of a gang that used to rob passengers after offering them a lift in the car. During the interrogation, it emerged that the gang was, in the past, also involved in the kidnapping of a person and for demanding Rs 5 lakh ransom.According to the police, the murdered HR manager was picked up at IFFCO Chowk on February 25 evening. Twenty-three-year-old Parmanand, a native of Patna , was working with a private security agency, Luxmi Enterprises, in DLF-I as HR manager. On the fateful day, he was waiting at IFFCO Chowk to go to Delhi to see a plot. He was carrying Rs 50,000 with him.A Hyundai Eon car stopped in front of him and offered him a lift to Delhi. Seeing that four people were already seated in the car, the unsuspecting victim got into the car. However, it was only during the journey, he realized that they were a part of a gang. They gagged and tied the victim and robbed him of his cash.Around 8.30 pm, they reached Bilaspur and they tried to shove Parmanand out of the car. When he resisted, a fight broke out and ended in the four stabbing Parmanand to death.Prashant, the ring leader, fled to Delhi following the murder and after consuming a lot of alchohol, got himself admitted to AIIMS. But the police discovered the car the day after the crime and recovered a blood-stained knife. Investigations helped them trace Prashant and a police team was deployed to keep tabs on Prashant in AIIMS.The police said that during the course of interrogation, Prashant confessed to his and his three friends' role in the murder.He also confessed to having kidnapped a salesman of a private firm and demanding ransom of Rs 5 lakh. However, the salesman had given the kidnappers the slip the same night. \"The accused was produced in court on Wednesday and the search is on for the other three,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12091416", "title": "FIR lodged 15 days after Bokaro robbery", "text": "BOKARO: Lodging of the FIR 15 days after a dacoity has raised questions about the police promptness in solving the crime.Dacoits took away expensive aluminum goods from a store room of Jyoti Structure Limited, which is installing transmission line of the Power Grid Corporation at Rai Kerketta on the Chas-Chandankyari road.The incident occurred on February 12 when a gang of robbers barged inside the storeroom and held Mukteshwar Gope, Ratan Gope and Nimai Gope, all of them guards, hostage. The robbers cut the barbed fencing and loaded about five tonnes of costly electrical goods worth Rs 10 lakh on a truck and fled.Next morning when police did not arrive at the spot, Shankar Narayan Bisoi, the in-charge of Jyoti Structure Limited, went to register an FIR at Chandankyari police station. He said he had handed the complaint to the officer in-charge following which police visited the spot but no FIR was lodged. After waiting for several days when the FIR was still not lodged, he complained the matter to Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi who immediately asked officer in-charge Rabinder Kumar Singh to register the complaint.Dwivedi said a departmental proceeding had been initiated against police officer for neglecting the matter. \"The OC should lodge an FIR immediately after the incident when the complainant has informed him about the incident. We are inquiring into the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094582", "title": "Sadaa is back with Click 3", "text": "After her last outing in Kollywood, P Vasu's Puli Vesham, Sadaa is back with Click 3.The film is the Tamil dubbed version of the actress' 2010 Bollywood film Click, in which she was paired opposite Shreyas Talpade .Says Sadaa, \"The film belongs to the horror genre, and I had super fun shooting for the same. I believe the taste of the audience changes with time, and I hope they enjoy this film.\"The film, which also has Sneha Ullal and Riya Sen , is about how the spirit of a girl seeks revenge on a guy whom she loved. Interestingly, a film with a similar theme was made in Kollywood - Sivi, starring Yogi and Anuja Iyer. Meanwhile, Sadaa's hands are full with projects in Kannada, including the remake of Tamil hit Varalaaru.\"I've been getting offers in Tamil as well, but I'm taking it slow. To be honest, I get all jittery when I'm offered projects by newcomers because there are a lot of uncertainties surrounding them. I will take up films only if I'm sure they will be made well, and promoted fiercely during the release,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12090904", "title": "End of operators", "text": "With reference to 'Attempt to murder, against Velim priest,1500 others' (Feb 27), when people take the law into their hands to beat up the custodians of the law, it marks the end of democracy and the start of mobocracy. It was a black day in particular for the people of Goa who are known to be peace-loving and friendly, and a shameful act for venting their anger on police personnel who were doing their duty in a peaceful manner. It was also reprehensible for a few misguided and mischievous parishioners to sound the church bell and aggravate the situation by summoning the villagers-something which is only done in an emergency or when the church is under attack and serious threat. Finally, why should the parish priest be booked along with 1508 others under the IPC, when he was only helping to defuse the tense situation and save the policemen?AF NazarethSpecial status a Nehruvian promiseAfter Goa's liberation, Jawaharlal Nehru visited Goa and at a meeting in Panaji , stated that Goa would get special status so as to get more financial and other benefits as the development under the two Five Year Plans were lost. Neither during Nehru's lifetime nor after did governments implement the assurances. For long we have been demanding the special category status for Goa. Successive Congress governments in Goa have failed to demand for this, with the result that Nehru's promise has remained unfulfilled. Now Union finance minister Pranab Mukerjee ruled out special status for Goa. With Congress denying special status to Goa and not fulfilling Nehru's promises, the true colurs of the party have been unveiled.JM de Almeida", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092506", "title": "Rs 2.3cr red sanders bound for China seized at port", "text": "CHENNAI: Logs of red sanders weighing nearly 22,000kg and worth Rs 2.3 crore were seized by Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials on Saturday from a container about to be loaded on to a ship at the Chennai port. The consignment, shown as containing ragi (finger millet ), was bound for China. Two people were arrested in this connection.Red sanders is a unique speciesof tree found in limited numbers in Andhra Pradesh. The wood, prohibited from being exported, is used to make musical instruments and to make medicines in Japan and China.\"A container with ragi bags was brought to the container freight station in Ennore. After the documents were endorsed and the container sealed, it was taken to a godown on the outskirts of the city where the smugglers opened it without tampering with the customs seal and loaded it with red sanders logs. The container door was re-fixed before being brought to the Chennai port,\" said DRI additional director general C Rajan.\"We traced the lorry used to transport the container and are on the lookout for a few more people involved in the racket,\" a DRI official said.In another case, DRI seized a container from Malaysia exported from Ludhiana and seized 6,000kg of red sanders logs worth Rs 60 lakh that were exported under the label of ceramic insulators. In this case, the logs were hidden behind ceramic insulators inside the container.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094471", "title": "My dad would have been happy: Fardeen Khan", "text": "The actor granted immunity in cocaine case after attending de-toxification programmeIt's been a traumatic decade for Fardeen Khan . Not only did the once-promising actor fail to leave a mark on the box-office, but his father, Feroze Khan , passed away. A few days ago, another close relative of the actor died. But, there's light at the end of the tunnel.Bringing to end an over 11-year-old court battle, the NDPS court on Wednesday granted the actor immunity in a case of drug possession. Fardeen who underwent a de-toxification programme in November 2011 had applied for immunity under section 8(c) of the Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act. The grant of immunity means that the actor will not be tried in the drug possession case.Dressed casually in a blue shirt and a pair of blue denims, the actor who been out on bail since May 2001, told Mumbai Mirror that the three weeks of de-toxification he underwent, though traumatic, helped him put his life into perspective.\"It made me think about my actions and consequences. The night I was arrested, in 2001, was a wake-up call for me. For the first time I realised that I have been irresponsible, haven't thought of the consequences of my actions and how it will affect my family that loves me so much. It made a man out of me on many levels.\"Fardeen says his 11-year-long tryst with the law affected him on many levels - both at home and at work. \"As my travel was hindered due to court-imposed restrictions, I couldn't go where I wanted to. Besides, I lost out on endorsements. People who wanted to work with me on advertisements started to stay away from me. These two things contributed to my fears and made me anxious.\" He says his father underwent a lot of grief over this.\"I'm sure he must be very happy wherever he is today.\" So was there a moment when he felt he could sense respite? \"The day when the charges against me were framed last October, the previous HC order that I could be charged only for purchase, meant that the trial court had to comply with the same. That, to me, was the day half my battle was won.\"On May 5, 2001, Fardeen was arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) for possession of cocaine. While Fardeen claimed that he had purchased only one gram of cocaine, NCB alleged nine grams were recovered from him and the alleged drug dealer.However, Fardeen's lawyer Advocate Ayaz Khan filed an application in court saying: \"In the prosecution documents filed before the court like the seizure panchnama, the remand application, the reply to the bail application etc, the NCB has stated that the quantity of cocaine Fardeen was caught buying was 1 gm.\"The NCB, however, has not mentioned the quantity seized from Fardeen in the complaint filed in the court. \"In a narcotics case, the quantity of contraband found on the accused matters as that determines the legal options he can avail of. If the court concludes that the quantity was 1 gm, Fardeen can avail the option of undergoing detoxification treatment,\" said Khan.After forensic examination revealed that there were only traces of cocaine in the seized drugs, the Bombay High Court ruled that Fardeen should be charged for an attempt to procure 'small' quantity of cocaine as opposed to 'commercial' quantity.Last year in October, the NDPS court charged the actor with attempt to buy one only gram of cocaine, which carries a maximum punishment of six months and fine up to Rs 10,000 or both.Khan told the court on Wednesday that Fardeen had undergone de-toxification at Parel's KEM Hospital. To this, Special Judge G A Sanap said that since Fardeen had undergone treatment, he is entitled for the immunity.The actor who was present in court was warned by the judge that if in future he would be caught with drugs, the immunity would be withdrawn and the case against him would restart. Fardeen assured the judge that this would not happen again and said he was grateful for the judgment.Besides Fardeen two others were arrested in the case: Nasir Shaikh the dealer from whom Fardeen was purchasing cocaine and Tony Hector Gomes who allegedly supplied it to Shaikh. These two are still in jail, awaiting trial. Since they were selling drugs they cannot make a plea for immunity.- With inputs from Vickey Lalwani, Subhash K Jha and Anand HollaFardeen's case historyMay 5, 2001: NCB arrests Fardeen for possessing cocaineJanuary 24, 2008: Special sessions court rules that he be tried only on charges of possession of one gram of cocaine. NCB appeals order before HCFebruary 2009: Bombay High Court dismisses Fardeen's plea for detoxification. Judges say he is not eligible for immunityJune 2009: Co-accused Tony Gomes files application before NDPS court seeking forensic report to determine the percentage of cocaine in the nine grams of seized contrabandOctober 2009: Prosecution opposes tests, expresses apprehensions that the old sample \"would have lost its purity and results may be incorrect\". These were rejected by courtJanuary 2010: Forensic report shows only traces of cocaine in the drugs seized from FardeenAugust 4 2010: HC says Fardeen should be charged for an attempt to procure small quantity of cocaine as opposed to commercial quantityOctober 4, 2011: Court charges actor with attempt to buy one gram of cocaine, which carries a maximum punishment of six months and fine up to Rs 10,000 or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12093813", "title": "iPhone-maker Apple\u2019s valuation tops $500bn", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc's market capitalization topped $500 billion for the first time, cementing its lead as the world's most valuable business and reaching heights not seen by any company since the last recession.The shares gained 1.3 per cent to $542.44 today, bringing its market value to $505.8 billion. Apple has risen 34 per cent in 2012, following gains in each of the past three years. The company is worth $98.1 billion more than the world's second- most-valuable business, Exxon Mobil Corp.Apple investors are anticipating a sales boost from the company's latest iPad tablet computer, due on March 7. They're also banking on a new iPhone coming by the third quarter and the possibility of Apple offering a dividend, its first since 1995, said Howard Ward, a money manager at Gamco Investors Inc in Rye, New York .Demand for Apple's products has helped the company increase profit faster than its stock price, making the price-to-earnings ratio more favorable, he said.\"Impressively, its market cap has risen to the $500 billion level as its price-to-earnings multiple has actually contracted,\" said Ward, who helps oversee $36 billion in assets. \"At 12 times this year's expectation of earnings, it stands in stark contrast to the experience of Cisco Systems, which sold at over 100 times earnings when it approached the $500 billion level in 2000.\"Cisco's ascent After trading near the half-trillion-dollar mark during the dot-com era, Cisco Systems Inc has tumbled to a market value of $107.1 billion. The last US company valued at $500 billion was Exxon in April 2008, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The Irving, Texas-based energy producer now trades for $407.7 billion.Under Steve Jobs , Apple transformed itself from an also-ran in the personal-computer market to a leader in consumer electronics, music sales and mobile devices. The Cupertino , California-based company has maintained its growth since Jobs's death in October, reassuring investors that Apple can continue updating products and pioneering new markets.\"What Apple has done is it gives you an indication of where the markets are going,\" said Mark Bronzo, who helps manage about $24 billion at Security Global Investors in Irvington, New York. \"Their products tend to lead, and everyone tends to follow.\"Apple posted net income last quarter of $13.1 billion, one of the highest quarterly profits on record, putting it in the same league as energy companies such as Exxon and Moscow-based OAO Gazprom , data compiled by Bloomberg show. Per-share profit of $13.87 for the period was more than Apple earned in any full year before 2010. Sales rose 73 per cent to $46.3 billion.Sales leader The results also marked the first time revenue topped Hewlett-Packard Co's, underscoring how Apple's focus on sleek, touch-screen mobile devices has rearranged the technology industry's pecking order. Net income, meanwhile, exceeded total revenue at Google Inc. , Apple's largest rival in mobile operating systems.New Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is pushing deeper into China and adding carriers for the iPhone. Only 30 per cent of the world's wireless-service providers now carry the device, giving Apple room to grow, said Katy Huberty, an analyst at Morgan Stanley in New York.The risk is that carriers may refuse to continue paying big subsidies to sell the iPhone, making it less attractive to consumers, said Ed Zabitsky, an analyst at Toronto-based ACI Research.Going Apple's way \"A lot has gone in Apple's favor the last few years,\" said Zabitsky, the lone analyst with a sell rating on the stock. \"There was great execution on their side, and poor execution by its competitors.\"Apple plans to hold an event on March 7 in San Francisco , where it's expected to unveil the latest iPad. The new device will sport a high-definition display, run a faster processor and work with speedier wireless networks, people familiar with the product said in January.The company is counting on the new iPad to beat back competition from newer devices running Google's Android software. Apple has sold more than 55 million iPads , generating at least $34.5 billion in revenue.The company also may use the March event to unveil an updated Apple TV set-top box, which could stream higher- resolution video to consumers' televisions, according to Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos. in Minneapolis . Apple is planning to release a full television set as early as the December quarter, Munster said in a report, reiterating an earlier prediction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12091279", "title": "Go home from school to answer nature's call", "text": "BOKARO: Here is a school in the heart of Bokaro town where parents of girl students are called by teachers to take them home when they have to answer nature's call even as the school backyard has virtually turned into an open air toilet for boys. For these 700 students and 24 teachers and staff, coming to school is a nightmare. The reason is the school has no water.Bokaro Ispat Vidyalaya (BIV)-VIII/C leaves its students and teachers thirsty for hours. They can get to drink water only when they go home. Add to this the stink emanating from the backyard, which is used as an open air toilet. This torture has been on for the past one year. Toilets have not been cleaned for several months. Students are forced to carry water bottles to schools. Sometimes the stench is so unbearable that students fall sick and throw up.The BIV-VIII/C is one among 38 schools run by the BSL. However, this is the only school building where there is an acute water scarcity. Of the 700 students, 295 are girls, who suffer the most. The boys manage to relieve themselves outside, but for the girls it's a torture. There are four toilets in the school.\"When we tell our teachers that we would like to use the toilet, they call our parents who take us home,\" said Preeti Kumar of Class-VIII/A.Principal A K Jha said the school used to get adequate water before May 2011. But slum encroachers diverted the supply line for their own benefit, thereby leaving the school parched. Water tankers are being arranged to solve the problem, he said.Two women teachers said senior girls find it very embarrassing when they feel the need to use the toilet. \"Having no option left we inform their parents on their cellphone who come and take them home,\" said Bindu Singh, a teacher.Poonam Kumari said she and her parents have complained several times but in vain. \"Even teachers keep their nose covered with a handkerchief,\" she said.\"We come out of the school to drink water. And to relieve ourselves we go to the backyard,\" said Dipak, a student.Assistant general manager, education department of BSL, T K Sinha, said, \"The encroachers are to blame for disrupting the supply. We are working on a solution. However, water tankers are being provided as a temporary arrangement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095721", "title": "Producer Sanjay Gupta booked for forgery", "text": "Bollywood filmmaker Sanjay Gupta was today booked on charges of cheating and forgery by allegedly misusing the name of Mumbai Police Commissioner's Office for the launch of his forthcoming film, 'Shootout at Wadala', a senior police officer said.Gupta and Ekta Kapoor's Balaji Films allegedly forged the letterhead of the city police commissioner to send invitations for the press conference of the upcoming flick which was held at Mehboob Studios here.'Shootout at Wadala' is based on the first-ever registered encounter by Mumbai police who shot dead gangster Manya Surve at suburban Wadala in 1990s.\"Sanjay Gupta, Balaji Motion Pictures (Producer) and Glamsham.com (Bollywood movie portal) were booked for cheating and forgery as they misused the name of the office of the Mumbai Police Commissioner by using the rubber stamp of police to promote their film,\" Nandkumar Mhetar, Senior Inspector at Versova Police station, told PTI.The invites sent by Gupta for the launch of 'Shootout at Wadala' carried rubber stamp of the Mumbai Police asking invitees to attend the press conference.The invite also says that the police chief would be present at the event and would also brief the media on the current status of crime in the city.According to police, arrest in this case is inevitable.Meanwhile, when asked about the press invite Gupta said \"it is a bit of a misunderstanding but we will clear it, not an issue\".\"If we look at it then you would know that nowhere the word Mumbai is mentioned. The emblem is mock....We know what we are doing. Also, there is a disclaimer behind the invite and it is an invite from a fictional office..We all know it is not Bombay Police, it is Mumbai police today,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089814", "title": "Soon, stent that dissolves in arteries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the near future, stents put in the arteries to open blockages will dissolve on their own in six months to a year's time. Renowned cardiologists from Italy Imad Sheiban, who was in the city on Wednesday, said that clinical trials on the biodegradable stents are on and should be available in the Western markets in two years.\"After advance metal stents, biodegradable stents are the future of heart blocks treatment. These stents will be inserted to remove the blockages from arteries and once the arteries are patent, the stent will dissolve after a particular period,\" Dr Imad told TOI.Dr Imad, who is considered an authority in interventional cardiology, operated on patients with complex medical situation at Apollo Hospital, along with head of the department cardiologist Dr Sameer Dani. He said that biological solutions are the future of heart care.In valve disease, biological valves are already replacing the metal valves which do not require open-heart surgery. \"We now have biological valves which have done away with the need to perform heart surgery. This biological valve is mounted on a stent and placed near the diseased valve through the balloon by angioplasty procedure. World-over 50,000 odd cases of these biological valves have been done and the results are very promising\", said Imad.Dr Imad, who said that he was extremely impressed with the cardiology infrastructure in India and Ahmedabad, said that currently the biological valves are extremely expensive costing 20,000 Euros. \"Currently, it is expensive in India where most heart valve disease patients are poor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12092001", "title": "Railway service in Arunachal from December 12", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh will soon be included in the railway map of the country as the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) is planning to flag off the first train service from Naharlagun on December 12. NFR deputy chief engineer S Kanojia assured governor J J Singh that railway service from Naharlagun will begin on the scheduled date after an aerial recce of the ongoing projects on Tuesday evening, an official said here on Wednesday.\"This is my word of honour and there is no iota of doubt that the train would be flagged off on the scheduled date,\" Kanojia told the governor.Kanojia said all train services were suspended along the 450 km Rangia-Murkongselek line in Assam for its conversion from meter to broad gauge under the Centre's expansion programme. The work for the mega-block began simultaneously along the route in September last year. He said while the Rangia-Rangapara portion would be completed by March, Rangapara-North Lakhimpur portion would be completed by December 12 and the North Lakhimpur-Murkongselek by March 2013.\"About 80 per cent of the 20 km Harmuti-Naharlagun route that includes about 50 culverts and bridges has already been completed and the railway tracks have also been laid at many portions. We will complete it within the stipulated time,\" he added.Ankur Garg , planning secretary and secretary to the governor, PHE&WS; secretary Tomi Ete, special transport &amp; tourism secretary Sonam Chombey also accompanied the governor for the 50-minute recce to assess the progress of various projects, including the ambitious state civil secretariat, the Rs 115.25 crore Itanagar water supply scheme (IWSS), 105 MW Pare Hydro-Electric Project (PHEP) and the trans-Arunachal highway.After the aerial inspection of the water source, catchment area and pipeline work, Ete assured the governor that the IWSS, being built under gravitational design to tap water from Mehi stream, a tributary of Poma river, whose water treatment plant (WTP) is located 16.3 km away. The water from the WTP will flow for 15.19 km to the 20-lakh capacity main storage tank at Mowb-II. The water supply scheme will cater to the needs of the people of Itanagar through 10 zonal tanks at different locations. The project will be completed by May next, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12092419", "title": "Advanced weapon training for UT cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh cops will soon be equipped with better training in weapon handling with the introduction of sophisticated machines, which will help decrease their reaction time in emergency situations.An advanced weapons simulator costing Rs 80 lakh will be set up in police lines, for cops to go through actual encounter-type situations, in a bid to minimize the loss of life and injury among the police force. The advanced stimulator does not need an instructor to guide while 10 cops can simultaneously train on it.\"There is a need for the personnel to be more efficient with weapon handling in order to ensure their own safety and that of public's in demanding situations. Our idea is to injure and not to kill, and hence, the training through advanced weapons simulator would be effective,\" said Suman Kumar, Chandigarh's deputy superintendent of police (training).Kumar said the stimulator works in a special lab set-up, without any instructor, operated through computers.\"It lets the trainees learn through their own mistakes and will help cops to use the right angles and targets,\" he added. The advanced weapons simulator is a high-tech firearms training facilitator, aimed at training recruits of special forces. It configures different types of pistols, machine guns, rifles and shoulder-fired rocket launchers used at the indoor firing ranges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12092088", "title": "LPG tankers' lorry strike to hit consumers hard", "text": "TRICHY: While people are running short of cooking gas, the announcement of the LPG tankers lorries association in southern states to go on an indefinite strike from midnight of Wednesday demanding renewal of contract between oil companies and them further added to the woes of consumers both domestic and commercial.Over 4,250 LPG tanker lorries in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra, Kerala and Pondicherry will stay off the road from Wednesday midnight indefinitely until the major oil companies Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) and Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) renew the contract which expired on October 31, 2011, said K Nallathambi, president of the state lorry owners federation of Tamil Nadu, Namakkal.As a consequence of the strike, consumers in Trichy district both urban and rural are supposed to endure hardships of further delay in getting LPG cylinders from the date of booking. As of now, all agencies in rural areas take at least 45 days to supply a cylinder while in urban areas it takes 25 days. Hence, consumers are supposed to look for alternatives.According to a HPCL agency in rural Trichy, the problem has been existing since the state government had started offering free LPG connections to households in Tamil Nadu. However, all three oil majors failed to increase supply of cylinders in line with increasing demand. So, the delay in supply became unavoidable and the strike of LPG tanker lorries will have an adverse impact on consumers if it is not solved by oil companies. However, the supply for the first one week from the strike date will not be affected as the oil companies have enough stock.However, the strike resulted in the sudden increase of rate of commercial LPG cylinders from Wednesday. The rate for a commercial cylinder was Rs.1,658 while the rate was Rs.1,566 on Tuesday. But the rate of domestic cylinders will remain unchanged at Rs 397 as it should be decided by the government, he added.Owing to the strike, the supplies of LPG to one bottling plant of IOC in Inamkulathur and another one of BPCL in Sengipatty in Trichy district came to a halt from Tuesday itself.On this issue, Nallathambi said that of the total number of lorries, the companies did not permit 620 tanker lorries from November 1, 2011. So, lorry owners suffered a lot as the investment on a vehicle was high. Hence, the strike will go on until oil companies renew the contract for all LPG tanker lorries, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091501", "title": "Magsaysay awardee to set up SHGs in city", "text": "NASHIK: Ramon Magsaysay Award winner 2011, Nileema Mishra's Bhagini Nivedita Foundation and Rotary Club of Nashik will soon start two social development projects in Nashik.Self-help groups (SHGs) will be formed with slum women in Nashik to empower them. As a curtain-raiser, products of SHGs from Dhule and Jalgaon will be displayed at an exhibition on March 5 at Rotary Club, Ganjamal from 11 am to 5 pm.\"We have identified four self-help groups in Pathardi area and will provide a budget of Rs 2 lakh. By June, we are planning to raise this amount to Rs 5 lakh,\" said Mishra while addressing mediapersons. \"With the involvement of Rotary International (RI), the project is likely to get $10,000, but we have to do some work in this field before we put the proposal to them,\" said Dr Vijay Malpathak, president of the Rotary Club of Nashik. The organization has given Rs 60,000, Rs 50,000 and Rs 40,000 to three SHGs in Nashik and would be giving funds to a fourth group in a couple of days, he added.Mishra said that when she came to Nashik around four years ago, she noticed that domestic servants spent most of their earnings in paying interest and decided to empower them by forming self-help groups. \"Life in urban slums and in villages in and around urban areas is very difficult. We are planning to start a shop in Nashik which would have all the items made by the women of self-help groups,\" she said. Australian Anne Godfrey, who has been working in association with Mishra, will also be involved in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091095", "title": "Scarcity in Aundh, Karvenagar", "text": "PUNE: Many parts in Aundh, Kothrud and Karvenagar faced water shortage for nearly three days due to problems at SNDT water works. Water supply was partly restored in some areas on Wednesday.\"We received water last on Saturday. Since the past three days our society has not received water from the Pune Municipal Corporation. Water supply resumed late on Wednesday evening, but was with very low pressure,\" said B D Dube, a resident of Sanewadi in Aundh.Dube said their area usually gets water once in a day. The residents had to commission tankers at the rate of Rs 500 per tanker. \"We were frantically calling local authorities to take stock of the situation, but we could not get any information. The situation was miserable,\" he added.People had to buy packaged drinking water. This too dried up when there was excessive demand, Dube added.Samir Kulkarni of Karvenagar said that the situation was better on Wednesday, \"We did not get water supply in our area. We heard that water cuts were imposed and water was not available.\" Another resident Yogini Todkar said the past three days had been bad without water.V G Kulkarni, head of the water supply department, PMC said that water cuts were declared in many areas under SNDT water works, as urgent repairs were scheduled at the plant. \"After maintenance was carried out, a pipeline sprang a leak. That problem has been addressed and water supply to the affected areas will be normal in the next few days.\"Meanwhile, civic activists have demanded a probe into the water distribution system of the city. Sajag Nagarik Manch said that a large quantity of water has been released from dams in last five months and details about the same should be made available to the public.\"The water availability in the four dams in October was 28.27 TMC. By February-end only 11.78 TMC water is available. Nearly 16.49 TMC water has been utilised. The authorities should give details of its utilisation,\" Vivek Velankar, founder of the manch, said on Wednesday.Another SNM member Vishwas Sahasrabuddhe said, \"If we consider that the city used 1.25 TMC water per month, then in the last five months, the city would have utilized 6.25 TMC. Even if we add evaporation losses of 0.75 TMC, the total water usage of the city comes to nearly 7 TMC. So where did the remaining 9 TMC water go? If it has been supplied for irrigation or any other work, the authorities should give detailed explanation of its usage so that people know what has happened to the water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090138", "title": "Students give book fair a miss for exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing World Book Fair has coincided with school examinations, resulting in a noticeable decline in the footfall of schoolchildren compared to previous years. \"So far, only very young children who do not have exams have turned up. I remember that last year, we would see students from at least two-three schools making group trips every day. This year, I've only seen one in three days,\" says Karan Chawla of the Indian Book Depot.The book fair has traditionally seen a high turnout of students for the variety of educational books and teaching aids the festival exhibits and sells.While the timing has done little to affect business-to-business interaction, the business-to-end user interaction has taken a hit. Ashok Sachdeva, the owner of Sachdeva Publications who has participated in every book fair held so far, is disappointed by the numbers. \"My stall is usually packed and gets close to 150 visitors daily. But this time, there is no one. Not even teachers, as they are also busy with exams,\" says Sachdeva, who is planning to take the matter up with the organizers along with other publishers.Revenues have suffered, too. C P Ravindran, assistant manager of the Children's World magazine, says that in the first three days, sales at the Children's Book Trust stall were down by 25% compared to last year. \"Even on Sunday we did not have the kind of crowd we expected,\" says Ravindran.The National Book Trust, which organizes the World Book Fair, too expressed displeasure. The fair, which is being held from February 25 to March 4 this time, is generally organized in the first week of February. But Plastindia had already booked the preferred dates. It was followed by at least eight other expos until February 25. \"We are supposed to book two years prior to the event date. We did that but still couldn't get the dates we wanted. We had to settle for this. There was no consideration for the fact that we have been doing this since 1972,\" says M A Sikandar, director, NBT.Officials of the India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO), which manages the venue, Pragati Maidan, however, maintained that they could not bend the rules. \"If a date is not available, the organizers have to take a call on the alternate available dates,\" says executive director Neeraj Kumar Gupta.The NBT has already booked an earlier date for the next edition, Sikandar says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089555", "title": "BRTS smart cards designed to lure more commuters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With just 15,000 commuters opting for BRTS smart cards so far, Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) is planning to lure more by designing lucrative schemes around these cards. The one popular medium AJL is planning to introduce is a special loyalty point system - very much like the ones that you get on 'petrocards' or a seasonal gift hampers showered during festivals by super marts to their regular customers.The AJL is preparing a business model where it plans to tie up with firms that offer schemes and discounts on consumer goods. \"The loyalty cards basically allow you to collect points anywhere on the BRTS network at a station. The more number of trips you have to your credit in a public transport, the more points you gain. These points can be redeemed at a departmental store or a discount on ticket fare. We have a clear distinction here that one cannot use the loyalty cards to pay at an outlet,\" says a senior AJL official.AJL board of directors has been brainstorming on the new marketing model for the last two weeks. The new IT system which was required to be installed three years ago had missed five deadlines earlier.\"The new IT system is in place and the smart cards are being issued at various counters. AJL did not market the smart card option when it was launched a few months ago. We wanted to see the acceptability of the smart card among commuters. But we have 15,000 card users without any marketing done. This has come a little short of our expectations, but is a healthy number,\" claims the AJL official.The other option with AJL is to introduce special cards, much on the lines of debit or credit cards, differentiating like a Silver, Gold or a Platinum card with different tariff package plans. Under this, even extra BRTS trips undertaken by a commuter can be awarded as extra points.\"The real advantage of the card will be realized when the AMTS fares system and that of the BRTS are brought on a single platform. This way the loyalty point system can be strengthened further,\" adds the official.The ticket pricing formula links ticket prices to prevailing market conditions. The formula takes into account the base price, increase in the diesel/CNG prices, wholesale price index, hike in operation costs and increase in salary of staff among others. The formula is seen as a solution to check the losses incurred by BRTS and AMTS by revising ticket prices each year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12091941", "title": "Trade union launches 100-hr strike", "text": "JORHAT: The New Trade Union Initiative (NTUI), a joint forum of five workers associations of the country, on Wednesday launched a 100-hour hunger strike in front of the Jorhat DC's office in support of their various demands.The NTUI and it's allied organizations - namely Asom Majuri Shramik Union, Bagisha Shramik Santha, Caahjanagosthi Bhumihin Krishok Santha, Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind and Khetiok Santha - unanimously said the government, both at the Centre and in the state, has never ensured proper wages for the workers of the country.Asom Majuri Shramik Union president Bipin Lahon said, \"Despite repeated demands, we have been deprived of proper daily wages by the government since decades. So, we demand that the government increase the wages of workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) and tea garden workers at the earliest.\"He added, \"At a time when tea garden workers of West Bengal get Rs 85, Tamil Nadu Rs 128.25 and Kerala Rs 124 per day as wages, garden workers of Assam get only Rs 55.50. We want the daily wages to be increased to Rs 85 immediately. We also want the government to take required steps to increase our wages to Rs 167 in the days to come.\" Lahon said that due to the high rate of inflation and rising cost of living, they also urged the government to provide variable dearness allowance (VDA) to tea garden workers of Assam early on in the year.Sawpon Bora, general secretary of Bagisha Shramik Santha, said, \"The government has also deprived the workers of the benefits of the MGNREGA right since its implementation. As per the act, the government has to ensure 100 days work per year for workers under the act and pay Rs 130 as daily wage. But, in reality, we have a dire shortage of work and don't get our wages as stipulated, so we have not benefitted from the act so far.\"The organization has demanded that the government ensure 200 days of work for MGNREGA workers with a daily wage of Rs 200 at the earliest, he said, adding they have also staged a protest against the government move to set up a hotel management institute at Murmuria tea estate and a National institute of Design at Tocklai tea estate in Jorhat and demanded that decision be withdrawn in the interest of the garden workers living in these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090087", "title": "Magical malady strikes old city women", "text": "HYDERABAD: For several residents of the Old City, mostly the women, the neighborhood Aamil (practitioner of black magic) or Baba warrants more trust than an accomplished medical practitioner, even in the face grave illness. Offering quick-fix solutions to every issue from marital discord to financial problems to health issues, these Babas are sought even by the educated and elite of society.Take for instance the case of Fatima Begum (name changed), a recognized lawyer from the Old City. She would rather call her Hazrat (Aamil) over the phone than visit a doctor if she fell ill. The Aamil would suggest incantations to be written on saucers with a solution specially prepared by him comprising saffron and musk. The solution comes with an exorbitant price tag of Rs 4000, which she has no qualms paying. Her faith in the Aamil is unshakable.Several such cases came to light when the South Zone police rounded up 14 alleged black magic practitioners on Monday for cheating people by claiming supernatural powers. Many of those arrested reportedly have an impressive clientele comprising students, housewives, sportspersons and politicians. Using an assortment of objects like coconuts, lemons, chillies, perfumes and vermillion for achieving 'desired results', these conmen charge anything between Rs 50 and Rs 10,000 to deliver.Police officials told TOI that the arrested individuals were approached by all sorts of people but interestingly, the black magic practitioners are mostly sought by women, as revealed by the arrest of Shaik Ikramuddin and Mohammed Ahmed.\"When we arrested Ikramuddin, he had 300 photographs on him of which 200 were of women. He told us that without photographs his antics would not work,\" said an official. Given the findings, the police are not ruling out the possibility of Ikramuddin mistreating his women customers.In a similar case, Ahmed attracted a lot of women by claiming that he could cure jaundice. With treatment in hospitals costing people tens of thousands of rupees, victims used to throng his clinic till 2 am in the hope of a cheaper cure. Ahmed reportedly maintained a facade of legitimacy as a Unani medicine practitioner. Officials say that at least 60 women would visit him per day and wait till late at night in the hope of availing treatment from him.A civil society activist working with women noted that there is a surge in the number of gullible women seeking 'help' of these black magic practitioners owing to blind faith and illiteracy. \"Women approach them for curing ailments, settling disputes with in-laws, or for addressing fertility problems. Even for seemingly mundane issues like lost cellphones, these conmen have been approached,\" he said.While women have mostly been victims, some of them have also stepped over the other side. Banu Begum, who was arrested recently, has been running a clinic for over a decade now in Ramnaspur area and is a big shot in her area. Cricketers, hoteliers, and businessmen seek her services. According to locals, she owns five buildings in the area and has stakes in seven hotels of the Old City. The hotel owners have allegedly been trying to negotiate with police to let her go but the police have not relented.When contacted, South Zone DCP Manish Kumar Sinha informed that many women are victimized by the Aamils and are also susceptible to sexual exploitation. \"In Langar Houz, it recently came to light that a woman was held captive and sexually exploited by an Aamil. After this incident we decided to take up the drive against such individuals in our area,\" he said. The victim in Langar Houz was held captive for five years during which she bore four of the conman's children.He added that the drive against black magic practitioners will continue. \"We made the arrest and registered cases under Section 420 of the IPC and Section 7 of the Drugs and Magic Remedies Act on suo moto basis. We hope that if the locals come to know about the police efforts, we will receive complaints from them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092341", "title": "Labourer gets buried under debris", "text": "KANPUR: A labourer got buried under the debris while laying a sewerline pipe in Mangla Vihar area under Chakeri police station limits on Wednesday when a mound of earth caved in. The labourer died on the spot.The deceased was identified as Phool Singh (36), a resident of Sainik Nagar. Several other labourers who had also entered the pit dug up to lay the sewerline pipe escaped unhurt. Locals rushed to the spot and launched a rescue operation.When cops from Chakeri police station reached the spot, locals demanded the arrest of the contractor who had undertaken the sewerline pipe laying project.The police could not trace the contractor as he had fled from the spot.Phool Singh's family members, residing in Fatehpur district, were informed about his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12089808", "title": "Former Mhada bosses in dock for land \u2018fraud\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has ordered a probe against five senior IAS officers who headed Mhada's Mumbai division at various times from 2001 to 2008, because they allegedly helped two developers grab large portions of a 3.11-acre plot in Borivli (East) which costs Rs 200 crore today.The state housing board itself asked the government to order the inquiry after the city civil court said \"fraud\" was involved in a case in which the same plot had been divided, leading to Mhada losing land. Nine of these chief officers' former subordinates are also facing a Mhada inquiry.The court's remarks led to a hue and cry in the corridors of Mhada, after which Mhada CEO Satish Govai conducted an internal inquiry, which indicated that the IAS officers and their juniors had committed grave violations, leading Mhada to lose land.The officers are accused of dividing the plot without government permission, giving away 40% to someone who claimed to have a power-of-attorney from the actual claimant, not investigating the actual position of the land and hiding facts (like the presence of slumdwellers), not measuring the land to help a developer grab a portion for an SRA project and not checking the SRA documents.Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said, \"We will investigate the serious matter and take action if it is proved that someone is involved in fraud. It's not only illegal, but also a case of cheating the state.\"The case dates back to 1970, when the government invited objections to transferring CTS 212 in Magathane to Mhada. With no objections raised, Mhada was given the title. However, in 1982-83, Puribai Devraj Khambala and two other people, who remained unnamed, went to the civil court claiming rights over portions of the property.While Khambala passed away in the late 1990s, Mhada in the early 2000s consented in court to give 40% of the land to her while keeping 60% for itself. In 2005, the court approved this. Mhada officers then allegedly allowed a developer claiming to have Khambala's power-of-attorney to get the 40% portion. Later, the developer filed a suit in the civil court saying that Mhada was not giving him a clear title.In 2009, the civil court passed strict orders against Mhada for misleading the court in an attempt to help the developer get an order in his favour. The court stated that \"fraud had been practised by both the sides (Mhada and the developer) in the court\". Mhada's internal inquiry then followed, during which it was also discovered that the remaining 60% of the land had been encroached by a builder doing a Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) project.Mhada then began a probe against the junior officers and asked the government to probe the IAS officers. A senior Mhada officer said notices were issued to the nine subordinate officers a couple of months ago and some of them have still to file replies. The state issued notices to the IAS officers recently asking for their explanation.The senior IAS officers were unavailable for the comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090098", "title": "Nagpur University clears Gondwana varsity files, accounts", "text": "NAGPUR: After a prolonged delay, the Nagpur University officially granted approval to the Gondwana University (GU) on Wednesday. The management council approved the transfer of files and accounts to the Maharashtra's newest university at a meeting.Though there was unanimity among members to transfer all rights as granted by the state government to GU, there was some confusion on the issue of affiliation. The government had not granted dual affiliation which was required while transferring colleges to the new university.Therefore, it was decided to dispatch a letter to the government to clear doubts on the issue. The delay in transfer of files to GU had created a rift between officials of both universities which blamed each other for non-cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089857", "title": "Intermediate exams from tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: A total of 19.58 lakh students will appear for the Intermediate public examinations that are scheduled to start on March 2. The examinations will be conducted in 2,488 centres across the state. The results are expected to be released by last week of April.Speaking at a press conference on Wednesday, M Subramanyam, secretary, Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) said, students indulging in cheating would be booked under the Prevention of Malpractices (in examination) Act and barred from writing exams.He said that principals of the colleges or chief superintendents had been told to bring to the notice of BIE any discrepancies in photographs and signatures in hall tickets due to implementation of the online application process. \"Since BIE has implemented the online application process for the first time, errors are bound to happen,\" he said.The evaluation of answer scripts would begin in the second week of March. Show cause notices would be served on lecturers if they failed to turn up for evaluation this year. About 40% of the lecturers had not turned up for evaluation last year, he said. \"Last year, lecturers without adequate experience were drafted for evaluation work in view of seniors failure to take up the work. However, we will not allow any replacements this year,\" Subramanyam said. Copies of the marks sheets of Inter students would be sent to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) by June 7, so that Eamcet ranks could be worked out after adding 25% of weightage.The board has set up district examination committees and high power committees for the smooth conduct of the examinations. While the district panels will have two principals and one of the senior lecturers from the district, the high power committee will be headed by the district collector. \"Strict action will be taken against officials and managements who resort to malpractices or irregularities,\" Subramanyam warned. Officials said that RTC authorities were informed of the schedule of the examinations so that they could make arrangements in advance for plying special buses for the benefit of students, he said.BIE authorities said that the revision of textbooks in tune with the requirements of national entrance and eligibility test (NEET) was underway. \"We have prepared the content for Inter first year students based on NCERT syllabus and English medium textbooks are now sent to Telugu Academy for translation,\" Subramanyam said. The revision of second year textbooks would start in the next academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091510", "title": "Class X, XII board exams kick off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Class X and XII Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) board exams will begin from Thursday. For Class XII students, the first paper will be of English (English elective, functional English and English core) and for class X pupils, it will be the painting exam.As many as 14,750 Class XII students and 12,739 Class X pupils from Tricity will take the board exams. There are 35 examination centers in Tricity. Exam for both the classes will begin at 10.30am.City-based CBSE counsellor Rakesh Sachdeva said, \"We advise students to reach the venue an hour before to avoid confusion regarding seating arrangement, centre or roll number, as it is their first exam. If they will reach early, they can settle down early and will have time to relax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090719", "title": "JNU votes today after four years, 27 in fray for 4 posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poll fervour has returned to Jawaharlal Nehru University after four years and students are reveling in the spirit. JNU goes to polls on Thursday with 27 candidates contesting for four posts of the JNU Students' Union. The excitement peaked during the presidential debate on Tuesday where the candidates interacted with the rest of the students.\"It was on Tuesday night that the election mood was actually visible on the campus. Almost all students had moved out of their rooms to see the debate, which was so engaging that there were nearly 400 students who stayed on even after midnight. It's the first time we will see the JNUSU elections. I am ready to vote,\" said Ishita Chakraborty, who is pursuing MA history.The JNUSU panel has always been dominated by left-backed student parties, unlike Delhi University where competition exists mainly between NSUI and ABVP. Though regarded as credible, JNUSU elections were stayed after 2007 due to non-acceptance of Lyngdoh Committee recommendations.The Supreme Court vacated the stay last December while giving certain exemptions. The maximum age limit for M Phil/ PhD students was increased from 28 years to 30 years. There will be no requirement for attendance to contest elections and students will be allowed to use photocopied material for campaigning. Following this, different student parties agreed to hold interim elections. The panel to be selected through Thursday's election is likely to serve only till September-October this year. The new session will start in August after which fresh elections are likely to be held in accordance with the academic calendar. Of the 27 candidates contesting for the panel, 10 are fighting for the post of the president. Also, 96 candidates are in fray for 30 councillor posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12091852", "title": "Empower women for growth, advices US Consul General", "text": "COIMBATORE: The future of jobs in the United States will be centered around small businesses owned by women, said Jennifer McIntyre, the US Consul General, Chennai, at a talk on 'Women Empowerment' at the Avinashilingam University on Wednesday. The event is part of a three-day programme 'Experience America' conducted in the city.\"By 2018, women entrepreneurs will create more than 5 million jobs in the US. But the rate of progress for women varies from country to country. In countries where the gender differences are narrow, economic development has been substantial,\" she said. The consul general felt that women are not adequately represented in politics. \"Though more women are participating in politics today, there are fewer than 20 women heads of state or governments. Women hold only 16 percent of the ministerial portfolios,\" she said.\"Though women constitute half the world population, they hold only one fifth of the positions in national governments. Decisions that affect women are often made without women having a voice,\" she said. Jennifer said that India is an example where women in governance have led to positive changes. \"Women have a major role in resolving conflicts. The representation of women in Panchayat and local body councils has shown that they invest more in public services. From clean water to police responsiveness, their contribution is noteworthy. Moreover, it is noted that when women are installed as council leaders, more women speak up in the council meetings,\" she said.Jennifer said that education for women must be encouraged. \"A research by the U.S Agency for International Development ( USAID ) shows that each year of schooling increases an individual's economic output. Educated women and girls lead to lower infant and child mortality rates. Educated women help in the education of their children. Participation of women in the workforce will also increase,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12091822", "title": "Tension prevails as Dalits demand equal rights", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed at Ammapalayam near Uthukuli in Tirupur district on Wednesday as caste Hindus remained adamant against local dalits burying their dead in the same village. With conciliatory talks initiated by district collector and district SP proving to be unsuccessful, the body of 70-year-old C Maral, who died on Tuesday, is yet to be buried. Over 1000 dalits from the Tirupur region remained awake on the road side with the body.Early on Wednesday morning, thanks to the efforts of Tirupur sub collector, the dalits agreed to cremate the body at the electric crematorium in Tirupur. However, the Gounder who owned the ambulance was reluctant to provide his vehicle to transport the body to Tirupur. This created further tension. Eventually, the dalits managed to avail an ambulance from Tirupur to transport the body.According to Adi Thamizhar Peravai leader NSA Parameswaran, the district administration had promised to allocate a burial ground for the dalits within seven weeks. A burial ground proposed two km away from the village was rejected by them as they did not have the resources to carry their dead for such a long distance. Parameswaran accused officials of dancing to the tunes of the upper caste Gounder community. He questioned the rationale behind permitting the burial of a Gounder last week on government owned land.For decades, dalits have been burying their dead on the roadside. However, last week, they got some relief when the Madras High Court ordered the allocation of a permanent burial ground in their village. The village has been in the news for several months because of the oppression and untouchability that dalits are subject to. They have to walk more than ten kilometers just to get a hair cut. Local barbers are prevented from servicing dalits by caste Hindus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12090183", "title": "Maderna charged with murder", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed a supplementary chargesheet against 13 accused including sacked minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA from Luni Malkhan Singh Bishnoi in the Bhanwari Devi case in a Jodhpur court on Wednesday.The CBI said Maderna and Malkhan together plotted the abduction and murder of the nurse, and has charged both men with murder, abduction, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence. Bhanwari's husband Amarchand has been charged with criminal conspiracy, destruction of evidence and abduction.Investigation was kept pending against four accused including Malkhan's sister Indra Bishnoi, who is evading arrest for the past three months. The preliminary chargesheet was filed against three accused Shahabuddin, Sohan Lal and Balia on December 2.Maderna, Malkhan and Indra have emerged as the main accused in the nurse's murder on September 1 after a CD showing the politician in a compromising position with Bhanwari was prepared. Bhanwari was given the idea of making the CD by Indra who was peeved at the fact that her brother Malkhan Singh was not given a ministerial birth in the cabinet after Congress came to power in the state in 2008. Indra wanted to get Maderna resign using the CD.After a failed attempt to film the CD at a tourist department hotel in Jaipur, Maderna was successfully shot in a compromising position at his own farmhouse in Jodhpur.But, as per the chargesheet, Bhanwari had other plans. She started blackmailing Maderna and Malkhan Singh. CBI said they have the copy of Maderna's CD, but are yet to recover that of Malkhan as it was stolen from nurse's house on the instructions of Indra.CBI also says the DNA test proves that the nurse's youngest daughter Gungun was fathered by Malkhan. Bhanwari was blackmailing him on this basis too. The chargesheet states that Sohan Lal Bishnoi, an accused who has been arrested was acting on the instructions of both Maderna and Malkhan. However, the focus of CBI's investigation and chargesheet remains largely on Maderna and Indra Bishnoi.The chargesheet was filed exactly on the 90th day after the arrest of Maderna and Malkhan's brother Paras Ram Bishnoi. It named Mahipal Maderna, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Paras Ram Bishnoi, Sahi Ram Bishnoi, Amarchand, Umesha Ram, Bishna Ram Bishnoi, Kailash Jakhar, Om Prakash Bishnoi and Ashok Bishnoi in addition to Sohan Lal, Shahabuddin and Balia.All of them have been charged with criminal conspiracy, abduction with a view to murder, murder and causing the evidences to disappear besides booking all of them under SC/ST (Prevention Of Atrocities) Act. Only Amarchand has been spared from murder charge.The CBI has booked 17 accused in this case, and chargesheet against 13 have now been filed. Investigation against Pukh Raj Bishnoi, Dinesh Bishnoi, Reshma Ram Bishnoi and Indra Bishnoi has been kept pending. Indra Bishnoi is still absconding and the high court has stayed her arrest warrant till March 5. Her surrender will enable the CBI to file its final chargesheet in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090736", "title": "Councillors to challenge it in apex court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday cleared the way for the MCD elections and upheld the power of the state election commission to reserve seats for scheduled caste candidates.HC dismissed a bunch of pleas seeking quashing of the commission's notification reserving seats for woman and scheduled caste candidates for the MCD polls after its trifurcation. A bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher said it found \"nothing wrong\" in the mode and manner of reservation of MCD seats for woman and SC candidates by the poll panel. Some of the councillors who filed the petitions said they would challenge the verdict before the Supreme Court, perhaps as early as Thursday.\"We find nothing wrong with the action of the SEC (state election commission) qua (with regard to) the mode and manner of reservation of seats for the SC and the women and, thus, dismiss the writ petitions,\" the bench said in its 55-page judgment. It also upheld the decision of the Delhi government to delegate power to the SEC to earmark wards and reserve them for SC candidates.Dismissing the petitions filed by councillors cutting across party lines, HC pointed out that the election to the municipal body, likely to be held in April, is, in fact, polls of \"three separate municipal corporations\". Countering the allegations leveled by the petitioners against the SEC that it ignored ground realities while reserving seats, the court explained that wards had been divided among the three corporations after \"different possibilities were examined as to how best the reservations policy could be implemented keeping in mind the twin principle, i.e., areas where there is a greater population of SC should be reserved seats/wards and each assembly (constituency) should not have more than two reserved wards.\"But, the high court added, there are cases where a particular ward having a greater percentage of SC population would have been reserved while another ward having more SC population has not been reserved.But the judges accepted the explanation of the government that this is \"on account of a changed formula where a larger spread of population has been taken into account, i.e., the population of SC in an assembly segment to arrange the constituency in a descending order on the basis of the SC population. Such SC population for an assembly segment is, in turn, based on the totalling of the SC and the total population for each ward. Thus, the ward remains the unit and it is not as if the assembly segment has become a unit.\"The court further reposed full confidence in the SEC and the independence enjoyed by it, saying the fact that the central or state government has chosen to delegate this function doesn't \"erode the independent constitutional status enjoyed by the SEC under the Constitution\".The court dismissed as many as 12 petitions against the SEC notification of January 27, by which a list of reserved seats in all three corporations of Delhi was prepared on the basis of the 2001 census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "badaun", "code": "12091799", "title": "High-profile MLAs no passport to progress", "text": "BADAUN:: Despite giving two chief ministers to the state, Budaun is still counted among the top 10 most backward districts in the country. It has only 52.91% literates in a population of 37,12,738, which is 1.86% of UP's total population according to Census 2011. It was in 2003 assembly byelection that the voters ensured a landslide victory for Samajwadi Party supremo Mulyam Singh Yadav, who defeated his nearest rival by a margin of 1.83 lakh votes, and became the CM. Yet, that did not bring development to the district.Assembly election in 1996 witnessed history when stalwarts of Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party defeated rivals from the BJP. While, Mayawati defeated Yogendra Kumar Sagar of BJP from Bilsi (SC) seat, Mulayam emerged victorious from Sahaswan, defeating BJP's Mahesh Chand by a margin of more than 54,000 votes. In 2007, Mulyam won from Gunnaur (now a part of Bheemnagar district). However, all these political developments did not translate into development, and even today, the district has only four degree colleges, while the students are forced to go to other cities to pursue higher education. The district has only one ITI.Budaun, which a few years back was referred to as the polio hub of UP, has a poor sex ratio of 859 women per 1000 men, and is ranked 68th in the state. \"Health facilities in the district are completely missing. Budaun has only one district hospital, which is devoid of a cardiac specialist. During emergency, patients have to be taken to Bareilly (50 km from here) for specialised treatment. Going to Bareilly consumes almost 1.5 hours, and there have been instances where people could not be given timely medical aid, eventually leading to death,\" says Anshu Kumar, a lawyer. Nearly, a dozen polio cases were detected in 2009, which came down to eight in 2011.Apart from this, the district is plagued by problem of flooding every rainy season. \"For the last two years, I have been observing that the entire city turns into a pond if it rains even for 15 minutes. The condition turns worse at Dataganj and Sahaswan, where every year, Army is called to aid relief and rescue operations,\" says MP Singh, a resident.The district famous for its 'pethaa' (a sweet preparation), also boasts of fertile soil along the 107km-long banks of the Ganga. The major crops include sugarcane, wheat and potato. However, 50 cold storage units could not cater to the surplus productions, and as a result, a significant chunk of potato go from here to Kanpur, Delhi, Meerut, Agra and NCR. Absence of broad gauge rail line has also to some extent made the place inaccessible, and passengers are forced to go to Bareilly to catch trains to major cities. Crime is rampant in the district. \"On an average, there is one murder every day in the district,\" added Singh.In 2012 assembly election, as many as 80 candidates are contesting from six assembly constituencies of Bisauli (reserved for SC), Sahaswan, Bilsi, Budaun, Shekhupur and Dataganj. In Sahaswan, sitting MLA Dharam Yadav is contesting on Rashtriya Parivartan Dal ticket, while Shakeel Alam of BJP, Mir Hamid Ali of BSP and Omkar Singh of SP are other contenders. Bisauli is witnessing a four-corner fight among Ashutosh Mourya of SP, Major Kailash Sagar of BJP, Priti Sagar of BSP and Raja Ram Kori of Congress. In Bilsi, former MLA Vimal Krishan Aggarwal is contesting on SP ticket, while Musarat Ali Bittan of BSP and Braj Pal Singh of Congress have made the poll battle three-sided. Sitting MLA Mahesh Chandra of BJP is up against five-time MLA from Binawar Ram Sevak Singh of BSP, while Fakhrey Ahmed of Congress and Abid Raza Khan of SP are eying the Muslim votes. In Shekhupur, the fight is mainly between two former MLAs, Ashish Yadav of SP and Bhagwan Singh Shakya (of BSP), who is fighting on a Congress ticket. Sitiing BSP MLA Sinod Kumar Shakya is facing a tough challenge from former SP MLA Prempal Singh Yadav and Rajeev Singh of BJP.Delimitation changed the political landscape of the district to great extent. Post-delimitation, Bisauli became a reserved constituency, while Bilsi, which was earlier reserved for SCs, is now a general constituency. Sahaswan, Budaun and Dataganj retain their identity, while Binawar has been renamed as Shekupur. The assembly seat of Usehat does not exist any more. In 2007 assembly election, BSP won three seats, while RPD claimed two seats. BJP, SP and BJSH bagged one seat each. In 2002, SP had bagged five seats in the district, while BSP won on two seats. JD(U) pocketed one seat. SP got three seats in 1996, while both BJP and BSP bagged two seats. Janta Dal emerged victorious from one seat.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091338", "title": "Combing operations fail to deter chain snatchers", "text": "PUNE: Despite a major combing operation launched in the city to nab chain snatchers, a gold chain worth Rs 80,000 was snatched in Chinchwad on Wednesday morning.Vastala Narayan Memon (68) of Parijat Ban society, Chinchwad, has lodged a complaint with the Chinchwad police. Two motorcycle-borne suspects snatched her chain worth Rs 80,000 and fled. The police said, on Wednesday Memon was returning home. As she came to Shriram Road in Chinchwad, two suspects who were following her on motorcycle came near her. The pillion rider snatched her chain and the duo sped away.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said that along with Pimpri the crime branch also conducted combing operation in Sahakarnagar area. \"We will be conducting such operations on a continuous basis,\" he said.\"The beat marshals of all police stations have been given powers to check suspicious motorcycle riders,\" he said, adding, \"We are also taking help from our counterparts from the traffic branch.\"Bansode said that four teams have been formed at four zones especially to curb the chain snatching crimes. \"The teams comprise of an officer and 10 policemen each. The deputy commissioner of each zone is monitoring the teams,\" Bansode said.He said that the police are working hard to curb chain snatchings. \"We have done a minute study of all the chain snatching incidents in the city. We have identified a new trend in the crimes. Criminals who were earlier involved in burglaries have now begun snatching chains,\" he said. Bansode claimed that the detection rate of the chain snatching crimes by the Pune police is the highest among all other commissionerates in the state.During the year 2011 the Pune police detected 179 of 297 chain snatching crimes. \"Till January this year, as many as 45 cases of chain snatching took place in the city. We have detected six of them.\"Box----", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089876", "title": "Atrocity case: GU VC charge-sheeted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice-chancellor (VC) Parimal Trivedi was charge-sheeted on Wednesday in the four year old caste profiling case. Trivedi had surrendered before the investigating officer last week and was granted bail by metropolitan magistrate P T Patel.Trivedi was arrested on the day on which the police was supposed to submit its status report before the Gujarat high court. Similarly, the investigating officer filed a chargesheet against Trivedi on the day he was asked to file the final report before the HC.Sources said that Trivedi has been held accused under section 3(1)(10) of the Prevention of Atrocities (Prevention) Act, which is invoked when a person intentionally insults or intimidates with intent to humiliate a member of a Scheduled Caste or a Scheduled Tribe in any place within public view.GLS Arts College faculty member Pankaj shrimali had lodged an FIR on May 3, 2008, against Trivedi for caste slur. The VC moved the high court, but his quashing petition was turned down.The Gujarat high court provided him relief to the extent that police should not arrest him during the investigation.After conducting inquiry in this case, cops tried to close the case by filing A Summary without recording Trivedi's statement.The recommendation to close the case was vehemently opposed by Shrimali on the ground that the cops never tried to contact the accused. The court rejected the summary report and directed further probe.When nothing happened for more than three years, Shrimali moved the high court again complaining against lethargy on part of investigation team.After Justice J C Upadhyay directed the police to complete the probe within one month and submit final report by February 21, Trivedi came to be arrested on the day of filing of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090062", "title": "Power holiday cut down for industries", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Wednesday directed AP Transco and distribution companies to reduce the occurrence of power outages by purchasing more electricity from other states.The move should quell widespread protests among small and medium industrial units over increased power cuts.Accordingly, AP Transco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain issued orders with immediate effect lifting peak demand restrictions and reducing power holidays from two to one for the industrial sector.\"The CM has directed us to provide relief to industries. So, power holidays are now reduced to one day in a week from the existing two days. We will also do away with peak load restrictions between 6pm and 10pm,\" Jain told TOI.From Thursday, small and medium industries will have to cease operations on two days in a week, one day for power holiday and another for employees' weekly off. Since peak load restrictions have been lifted, they can go ahead with a third shift, which had been ruled out by the power cuts.Meanwhile, representatives of small and medium industries staged a dharna outside the office of the commissioner of industries, at Abids. Protesting against the power cuts, they burnt copies of their industrial licence and said they would have to go out of business were the industries department to fail to convince the government about the need to reduce power cuts. A delegation from Fapcii met major industries minister J Geetha Reddy on Wednesday and expressed concern over the impact the power cuts were having on industries. They informed that SMEs cannot afford to have such power problems as outages drastically reduce working hours and lead to huge production losses.They requested the minister to have these cuts done away with through the purchase of additional power. There are industries which require not only a full quota of power but also constant supply as intermittent power cuts harm their nature of production.Fapcii president Devendra Surana urged the minister and officials that power cuts for industry should be half of the general rate of load shedding. The delegation demanded open access throughout the year for all industries without any cross subsidy surcharge so that loss in the shortage period could be made up later.They also pressed for the reduction of VAT on diesel to 4% and the tax to be set off against regular VAT dues. The delegation demanded that the electricity duty of 0.25p per unit be abolished and all dues repaid by the government to power producers so that the electricity sector was in better shape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090958", "title": "LED lights to be installed on streets in many areas", "text": "GURGAON: In a bid to light up the city streets and save electricity consumption at the same time, the civic body has prepared a plan to install LED lights on streets in several areas.According to the plan, these lights will be installed at 40 points in the four zones of the city. The civic body will use a GPS system to monitor these areas to ensure that electricity is not wasted. The task of monitoring these lights through GPS has been assigned to Rolta, a city-based company.\"With the help of GPS monitoring, we will be able to keep tabs on all the lights from a central server room. This will make it easier for us to know which streetlights are functioning and which are not. We have asked Rolta to set up a GPS server room and install GPS on all the electricity poles which will be 8 metres high and will have two LED lights of 60 watts each,\" said MCG superintendent engineer, Y K Garg. The total cost of setting up the poles and the server room, as well as installing the lights, is pegged at Rs 8.18 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090945", "title": "Move to revive Bihar's 'cycling glory'", "text": "PATNA: With a call to revive the \"lost cycling glory of Bihar\", Green Bihar Cyclothon (GBC), a national cycling competition, will be held in the city on April 15. Professional cyclists from across the country will participate in it.Santosh Trivedi, organizing secretary of the Cycling Association of Bihar (CAB), who was also one of the coaches of the Indian cycling team in Delhi Commonwealth Games , told TOI: \"Bihar was the national champion for 12 consecutive years till 1985. It was one of the most actively participated sports then. Recently, however, there has been a lull in performance. It needs to be revived.\" Things are panning out well, he said.The theme of GBC will be \"Celebration of Resurgence of Cycling Sports in Bihar.\" The event is being organized by the Cycling Association of Bihar (CAB) under the aegis of Cycling Federation of India (CFI).Over 400 men from across the country will participate in the competition, which will have a total cash prize of Rs 3 lakh. The cyclist who comes first will get a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh. A total of 10 Bihari professional cyclists will also take part in the competition, which will cover a distance of 60km. The event will be organized at Gandhi Maidan.The second category will include a 20-km race involving men on India-made cycles. It will be exclusively for Bihari cyclists and participants above 40 will not be allowed. The lower age limit is 15 years. Total cash prize in this category is Rs 50,000, of which the winner will be given Rs 21,000.The third category will involve cycling for fun. \"It will be a five-km race which will be open for all, including girls and elders. It will carry a prize of Rs 25,000,\" said Trivedi.A special category will be dedicated to children. \"Girls and boys below 13 years of age will be allowed to take part in it. It will be a five-km ride, which will have Rs 25,000 as prize money. The winner will be given Rs 5,000 and a bicycle,\" added Trivedi.Cycling will not be meant just as sports. \"The participants will cycle for a cause - for solidarity, prosperity and pollution-free Bihar. If we promote use of cycles, not only will we be creating a pollution-free environment for ourselves but also for posterity,\" Trivedi, who was part of a 13-member Indian contingent in the Track Asia Cup in 2007, said.CAB plans to hold exhibitions of cycles at the sporting venue as well. The main attraction of the event will be live musical shows by famous musicians. Performances by dance groups, comedians and actors are also planned, said an organizer.It will be a one-day event and held from 6am to 10.30am. Concurrently, musical shows, cultural events and other functions will also be organized.It may be recalled here that the 15th National Road Cycling Championship was held in Patna between April 14 to 17 last year. Bihar had got fourth position in the championship. In the 16th National Road Cycling Championship held in Pune from December 1 to 4, 2011, Bihar was the runner-up. The cycling team from Bihar had won one gold medal and two silver medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12091352", "title": "Beat the heat with this fruit", "text": "MYSORE: The temperatures are soaring and so is the demand for watermelons. It looks like almost every family is banking on the fruit to revive their energy and vitamins that they lose out in the heat. Health experts say the fruit is especially good during the summers as it contains 90% water, Vitamin A and Vitamin C .Watermelon is available round the year but the demand rises in summer. Even the number of vendors selling watermelons on pushcarts has gone up as people realize it's the best aid to quench your thirst.POPULAR ONESSome of the most popular varieties available in market are Kiran, Namdar, Mohini, Arkamani and Jyothi. \"The prices, however, are the same but people prefer Namdar variety because of its taste,\" say vendors. Rehaman and Ghose Shariff find the watermelon business to be quite profitable. Last year during this time, a kg of watermelon used to be sold at Rs 8 while this season it is Rs 10-12 per kg. Watermelon vendors say their business has come down due to the increasing number of shopping malls. However, they do good business between February and May. Watermelon always tastes sweet, but in summer it's tastier. When summers are here, watermelons have to be a part of my diet,\" said Krian, a customer.BALANCING ACT Watermelon balances the fluid level in the body, according to Dr C Rajan, senior physician, Mysore Medical College and Research Institute. \"The fruit contains nearly 90 percent of water hence during summer it plays a very important role to balance the water level in the body. The body contains 55% of water. But during summer, a person loses too much water. To balance the water level watermelon is the ideal fruit,\" says Rajan.OTHER BENEFITSIt is also said that watermelon controls kidney disorders, reduces high blood pressure, prevents heatstroke, improves cardiac functions and prevents age-related cardiac problems, protects eyes, is effective in preventing prostate cancer and repairs damaged tissues. The amount of potassium and magnesium present in this fruit is great in bringing down the blood pressure. It's effective in reducing body temperature. It can be also be a good supplement for diabetic patients. The vitamins and minerals in melon help in proper functioning of insulin, hence, it helps anyone who suffers from high blood sugar level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089625", "title": "Concerns raised over land allotment in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ford India Private Limited has charged Rs 1,100 square meters for land it acquired in North Kothpura in Sanand on the outskirts of Ahmedabad city.The state government in a written reply to Dediapada MLA Amarsinh Vasava said that about 18.63 lakh square meters of land was given for Ford's upcoming project in the area.In a reply to another question of Dhoraji MLA Jayesh Radadia, the government said that in the Great Rann of Kutch, Archean Chemical Industries Private Ltd was provided with 24.02 crore square meters of land. In all, about 25 questions were posed over the government's land dealings. Two questions were raised about land dealings with Ford India, six questions on land allotted to Archean Chemicals and another 14 on land given to Adani and Mundra Special Eco-nomic Zone.As per the government, about 5.78 crore square meters of land was allotted to Adani at a price ranging from Re 1 to Rs 32. The government has in reply to another question of Kanji Talpada has said that the maximum amount charged was for 1.61 lakh square meters of land in Dharab in Mundra Taluka. Adani has paid Rs 32 per square meter to the government.Further, the government allotted about 45.46 square meters of land in Tunda village to Mundra Special Economic Zone at the cost of Re 1 per square meter. This is the second year that the land issue has returned to hound the government. Last year in March, not less than 38 questions were raised on the issue of land allotment to industries. The state had replied that 78.83 crore square meters of land was handed over to industrialists in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091246", "title": "MPs play truant, skip crucial rly feedback meet", "text": "NASHIK: Over a year ago, the railway board asked its all zonal general managers to seek feedback from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members on new trains, passenger amenities, modernization plans and measures for improvement of services.Accordingly, periodical meetings were convened but the response from members of parliament (MPs) was dismal.One such meeting convened by Central Railway (CR) saw only six out of 24 members of parliament from the Mumbai-Thane region turn up, said a top bureaucrat.In Pune, only seven of the 26 members of parliament attended the meeting, ther bureucrat added.The Mumbai region meeting was attended by Rajya Sabha member Bharatkumar Raut and Lok Sabha members, Eknath Gaikwad, Anand Paranjape, Gajanan Babar, Samir Bhujbal and Sanjeev Naik.The Pune region meeting was attended by MPs Supriya Sule (Baramati), Samir Bhujbal (Nashik), Bhau Wakchaure (Shirdi), Gajanan Babar, Raju Shetty and Pratik Patil (Sangli), who is also the Union minister of state for coal.Though Ahmednagar MP Jeetendra Gandhi did not attend the meeting, he submitted his feedback to the railway administration.Babar and Bhujbal attended both the meetings as part of their constituencies fall in Mumbai as well as Pune regions.The decision to call such meetings was taken after some MPs submitted to the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee that the issues raised by them were not being addressed as there was no interaction between them and zonal general managers, said the bureaucrat.The MPs who did participate in the meetings made concrete suggestions. Bhujbal suggested installation of escalators at the Nashik railway station, extension of certain trains to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and survey for expansion of rail network beyond Nashik in the industrial belt around the Sinnar area.Sule pressed for the development of stations in the Pune region.A senior Congress leader said, \"Members of parliament must ensure that the state of Maharashtra gets adequate funds for new projects and trains in the upcoming budget.\"According to a note circulated by the special assignment cell of the CM's office, 35 projects are pending with the Centre, said the leader. \"The MPs should now concentrate on these projects,\" he said.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had held a series of meetings with the minister of state for railways. He had taken up the matter with the prime minister as well. In such circumstances, we expect a better deal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090434", "title": "State second in tourism development", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan bagged the second prize in the Comprehensive Development of Tourism category during the National Tourism Awards ceremony on Wednesday. The award was given by President Pratibha Patil at Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi to Seema Bahugana, principal resident commissioner in Delhi. In the same category, Madhya Pradesh was adjudged the best state.The National Tourism Awards ceremony was presided over by Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay . The Union minister of state Sultan Ahmed was also present on the occasion.Bahugana expressed happiness on the state having won the prestigious national award. She said that Rajasthan has emerged as a prominent tourist destination in the past few years and that it has been developing new tourist circuits.Furthermore, commendable efforts have also been made to strengthen tourism infrastructure. On the occasion, Jaipur-based Raj Vilas hotel won the award for being the best hotel in the five-star deluxe category. Similarly, Shiv Niwas Palace at Udaipur won the award for being the best property in the heritage hotel category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090888", "title": "Rs 92 crore for panchayat representatives", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Wednesday gave its sanction to the government's decision to table the third supplementary budget for the current financial year in the state assembly, and also approved its decision to release Rs 97 crore for various purposes, including for the payment of honorarium to panchayat representatives.While there was no formal briefing with regard to the sanctions given by the state cabinet, it is learnt that it gave its approval to the government's decision to release Rs 92 crore for the payment of honorarium to panchayat representatives. Besides, it also gave its sanction for the payment of Rs 2 crore to registered weavers, and the release of another Rs 3 crore from CM's Rogi Kalyan Samiti to meet the cost of treatment by patients concerned.The cabinet also gave its approval to a new scheme of labour resource department regarding insurance of unorganized workers engaged in various activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090589", "title": "Government to crack down on aided colleges renting out land", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has decided to crack down on aided colleges which received grants and property from the government but rented them out for commercial purposes.The government has issued directions to the education department to get information of such colleges found making commercial use of land.The state has around 71 aided colleges which will continue to get government grant till March 2012. Of the total, Jaipur has 10 such colleges.The move has invited sharp reactions from the administration of such colleges alleging that while suspending the grants they have completely abandoned these colleges.Most of these colleges have rented a portion of the land provided for commercial use. These colleges include Adarsh Vidhya Mandir and Vedic Kanya Degree College at Raja Park and Dadu Sanskrit Vidhalaya.Saytavrat Samvedi, president of the Vedic Kanya Degree College, said, \"At a time when the stopping of grants has raised serious questions on our survival this has happened. The revenue generated from renting out shops is not sufficient to meet the expenses of our peon.\" His views were echoed by management heads of other such colleges.\"The department has served notices to these colleges seeking legal statement on the status of land followed by inspections. The government will not hesitate to acquire back the land if any misuse is found,\" a government official said.The government's move came after it came to its notice that many of such institutes are raising funds by renting out portion of the college land to allow marriage ceremonies in the evening and by organizing fairs and festivals. The government said such acts are in violation of Rajasthan Non-Governmental Act and warned these colleges of taking back the land.The government has scrapped the grants and absorbed teachers from these colleges in government colleges. The grants were scrapped after these colleges failed to deliver quality education.The land had been allotted to the colleges on a token amount to open institutes followed by funds from different agencies to construct labs, classrooms, grounds and other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12092564", "title": "'MHA, govt on same page over decriminalization of gay sex\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday expressed regret over the faux pas made by a senior law officer in the Supreme Court on the issue of homosexuality, and said that this had \"embarrassed the home ministry and the government\".The government will also soon file an affidavit on the directions of the Supreme Court informing it about the stand taken by the Union Cabinet on decriminalization of gay sex.\"An affidavit is being filed on the basis of (i) the GoM's recommendation, (ii) the cabinet's decision, and (iii) the letter conveying the Cabinet's decision to the Attorney General,\" Chidambaram said.He said there was no difference of views between the home ministry and the Union Cabinet. \"MHA can't have a view different from the Cabinet's view. MHA is part of the Government of India.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had asked a group of three ministers to look into the matter and make a recommendation and the Cabinet, after due considerations, came to the conclusion that \"we need not file an appeal of the Delhi High Court judgment but the Attorney General will be asked to assist the Supreme Court in deciding any legal issue.\"This was faithfully conveyed by the MHA to the Attorney General. Unfortunately, the counsel, who handled the brief on that day, without any instruction took a position which I am sure, inconvenienced the Supreme Court, which I regret. That position also embarrassed the MHA and the government; he said and added this prompted the ministry to issue a statement clarifying the matter.\"So, it is really no U-turn for the government. We have a clear position. The counsel took the U-turn and we (government) then had to do another U-turn to come back to the original position,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12092682", "title": "Punjabi university players on humble dal-roti diet", "text": "PATIALA: While the Punjab sports department with the help of experts has prepared an elaborate diet chart, consisting of non-vegetarian food for at least three days a week besides other nutritious food items for its players, officials in the sports department at Punjabi University, Patiala, seem to believe that a humble diet of \"dal-roti\" is enough for sportspersons to give their best.Despite mandatory directions to give a diet worth Rs 120 per day to each player living in the residential wing of the university sports department and Rs 60 per day to sportspersons of the day scholars' wing, the contractor providing meals has been providing a diet costing just Rs 51 per player to the 253 sportspersons enrolled in the university. The remaining amount is allegedly being pocketed by university sports department authorities.The matter came to light during checks carried out by Punjab sports department officials, on the two wings of the university sports department recently, who found that the players were being served simple \"dal-roti.\" When the sports department team asked the contractor, Jarnail Singh, about other missing mandatory food items like paranthas, butter, scrambled eggs and milk, the contractor said he had \"directions\" to spend only Rs 51 per day per person on the diet of days scholars as well as hostellers. He further claimed that he had been \"depositing\" the remaining amount with the sports department of the university. In fact, Jarnail Singh even gave it in writing to the officials that he was giving a diet worth Rs 51 per day and the remaining amount was \"going to the sports department of Punjabi University.\"The two wings of the sports department of the university were started in July 2011 and the Punjab sports department suspects misappropriation of around Rs 35 lakh since then. As per terms and conditions of the agreement signed between the Punjab sports department and the contractor, the latter could not change menu for the players.\"The contractor has been serving a diet worth Rs 51 per player, while the remaining amount is being spent on milk and juice by coaches concerned. The contractor has been giving the remaining amount to coaches, who are arranging milk and juice for the players,\" said director, sports department of the university, Raj Kumar Sharma. But when asked about terms and conditions of the contract, he said he was in Srinagar and would talk later.An officer in the Punjab sports department on condition of anonymity said, \"The sports department of the university had no business to interfere in the contractor's work as we had hired him to provide food to the sportspersons. The contractor cannot change the menu and university authorities cannot take any money from the contractor. It's misappropriation of the sports department's money. We have written for action against the university authorities.\"Punjab sports director Ajit Singh Pannu, said, \"If it's happening, it's wrong. I would seek a report from the district sports officer of Patiala and take action against the sports department of the university.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090451", "title": "Tribunal recalls order against Pune police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal has recalled its order against Pune police commissioner Meeran Borwankar after accepting the explanation provided by her.On February 6, while hearing an application by assistant sub-inspector Laxman Rathod, MAT chairman Justice S Radhakrishnan and vice-chairman A P Sinha imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 and a contempt notice on Borwankar after it was found that she did not implement an order passed by the tribunal.Rathod had alleged that he was denied promotion on the grounds that he was unable to produce a caste validity certificate. The MAT observed that he could not be denied promotion just because he could not produce a caste validity certificate. While the order was passed on November 23 last year, the MAT found that it had not been implemented. During the hearing, the government counsel told the MAT there were no instructions from the Pune police chief. The MAT then imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 on Borwankar.When the case was heard on February 22, Borwankar said the November 23 order was never brought to her notice by subordinates. \"We have perused Borwankar's affidavit. It is clear that our order of November 23 was never brought to her notice till we passed an order on February 6.... to avoid such instances, the Pune police commissioner has appointed a special nodal officer to take care of all court-related matters,\" the MAT said.The MAT dropped the contempt notice and recalled its order asking her to deposit Rs 25,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092105", "title": "HC blames Centre for denying benefits in edu loan scheme", "text": "MADURAI: Stating that the Union government is primarily responsible for denying the benefits of educational loan scheme to those students who were admitted under the management quota, a single judge of the Madras high court bench here on Wednesday directed the registry to place a writ petition before a division bench, as conflicting views arose over the scheme.In an earlier order, Justice V Ramasubramanian had said that no direction can be issued to the bank to grant loan to an applicant in violation of the policy framed by the Indian Banks' Association (IBA), fixing the cut off marks as 60% and denying financial assistance to those who secured admission under management quota.Taking a contrary view on the matter, Justice K K Sasidharan said, \"Some of the poor students with a view to maintain their sick and aged parents work on part-time basis after college hours and sometimes even up to 11pm and only thereafter, they would be in a position to study. We cannot expect such students to score more than 60% marks. It is a pity that banks, which have invested Rs 1457.78 crore in a cash-strapped firm, are waging a legal war against a poor student, unmindful of the fact that his request was to sanction only a paltry sum,\" he added.After dealing a writ petition seeking to direct a bank to grant an educational loan, Justice Sasidharan said the issue requires consideration by a division bench. Large number of writ petitions are pending before this court challenging the decision taken by the banks to deny financial assistance to those who have obtained less than 60% marks in the qualifying examination or admitted under management quota.Originally, the writ petition was filed at the instance of a student undergoing BE at a private engineering college. He sought a direction to the Alanganallur branch of Canara Bank to sanction educational loan, so as to enable him to pay tuition fees and hostel charges.The application submitted by him was not entertained by the bank on the grounds that he was admitted under the management quota. According to the bank, the candidate should obtain 60% marks in the qualifying examination for considering his case for financial assistance.After perusing the order of the single judge, Justice Sasidharan pointed that the model scheme prepared by the IBA, in 2000 was placed before the ministry of finance. Though the IBA wanted minimum qualification marks, as an eligibility criteria for sanctioning the loan, the Union government was not in favour of incorporating such drastic condition. Accordingly, the said condition was dropped.Justice Sasidharan said, \"The model scheme was subsequently revised in 2011. While revising the scheme and introducing Revised IBA Educational Loan Scheme 2011,once again, the IBA permitted the banks to fix cut off marks in qualifying examination for sanctioning loan. The said requirement was per se against the decision taken by the government. There is nothing on record to show that the revised scheme 2011 was produced before the government for approval.\"The judge further said, \"The conditions, now imposed by the IBA is per se unreasonable. The banks are now adopting a discriminatory attitude. They are now making a classification on the basis of admission under the government quota would be given loan. On the other hand, those who were admitted under management quota are now denied loan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12089645", "title": "Cong alleges govt-biz links, sparks furore", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: It was unprecedented in the history of the Gujarat state assembly. Speaker Ganpatbhai Vasava adjourned the House on Wednesday evening for the day after continued slogan shouting on the part of ruling BJP legislators wanting Opposition leader Shaktisinh Gohil to apologise for a remark, which BJP minister Dilip Sanghani said, was made against his alleged partnership with the Adani Group . In fact, thanks to the treasury benches' continued slogan shouting, loudly led by black kurta clad BJP MLA from Jasdan, Bharat Boghra, an ex-Congressman, the House failed to carry out any proceedings for virtually the whole day.Before the speaker took the extreme decision to adjourn the House for the day, the treasury benches succeeded in stalling House proceedings thrice - first for half an hour at 12.45 pm, again at 1.30 pm till recess, i.e. up to 3.15 pm, and finally at 3.30 pm for an hour. When the House again met at 4.30 pm, the sloganeering continued. Amid uproar, Gohil raised the issue of chief minister Narendra Modi \"showing disrespect to the House and the Speaker\" for leaving chair when the speaker was making statement. Finance minister Vajubhai Vala defended Modi saying the CM went out of the House after speaker had finished, hence there was no disrespect.Following Gohil's demand, the Opposition MLAs, too, began counter-sloganeering, wanting Modi to apologise. This further ignited the treasury benches, who pitched up the slogans demanding Gohil's apology. Amid uproar, the speaker ruled in favour of Modi, saying the CM had not shown any disrespect to the House. He also ruled that it is Gohil who must apologise as the remark of being a partner with the Adanis was \"addressed against agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani\". Gohil refused, saying the records showed he had not made any remark against Sanghani. The BJP MLAs continued with slogans, and the House was adjourned for the day.Things began during the Question Hour, soon after the House met for the day at 12 noon. Congress MLA Chandubhai Dabhi sought to know from revenue minister Anandiben Patel about the price at which the Adanis were given land in Kutch. Patel's reply was that the Adanis were given land ranging from Re 1 to Rs 32 per square metre, adding, she would table information in the House regarding who gave which land to the industry since 1960.This prompted Gohil to know how much land was given to the Adanis in the last 10 years. He said, it was 5.66 crore sq metres, wondering if Adanis were given land at the prevailing jantri rate.At this point, agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani stood up to raise a point of order, and Gohil wondered why the government was behaving as if it were partners with the Adanis. Sanghani took the statement as an affront against him, and BJP MLAs took strong exception to it, starting to shout slogans in the House. Several ministers also became part of sloganeering. At this point, Congress MLAs called \"Adani-Modi bhai-bhai\", even as the BJP raised the demand for Gohil's apology. Talking with reporters later, Gohil said, \"If a common person wants land for his house, the government asks for market rate. Why is the government so kind to a businessman?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091914", "title": "Govt suggests road safety fund in every state", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government has proposed setting up of a dedicated Road Safety Fund for every state to execute projects and programmes. An apex committee of road safety appointed by the road transport and highways ministry on Wednesday proposed that 50% of the fines collected from traffic violations could be used for this fund for road safety related works.Addressing representatives from different states at the National Road Safety Council (NRSC) in the capital, highways minister C P Joshi said, \"My ministry proposes to provide seed capital to promote the creation of a Road Safety Fund in all states during the next five year plan.\" He said there was a need for adequate flow of funds under this head so that state governments could undertake activities for road safety on a sustainable basis.Joshi also asked states to expedite the project of issuing driving licences and registration certificates in smart card mode. \"This will definitely bring uniformity and inter-state operability of such documents,\" he added. The minister also stressed on the need to have standard drivers' training institutes considering the reports of different studies indicating that 80% of road accidents were attributable to drivers' fault. \"The accidents caused by the drivers of heavy vehicles, which are relatively less in number, contribute to a disproportionately larger number of fatalities and casualties,\" he said.The state government representatives also raising concern over the flaws in issuance of driving licences and how easy it is to get them, they supported the need of making the procedure stricter in all states. Odisha government officials said that they have made it mandatory for applicants to have at least two months training from recognized training schools while applying for licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091760", "title": "Cheers for all ye wine connoisseurs", "text": "Wine is the new official drink of Karnataka! In an attempt to draw the production and consumption of wine under the purview of the nascent connoisseur, the Wine Board of Karnataka is hosting the International Wine Festival (IWF) 2012, between March 2 and 4. The fest will see 50 participants, including 10 international wineries.The Wine Board has taken this initiative to promote pure fruit/non-fortified wine without spirit, says Vandita Sharma, (IAS), principal secretary, horticulture. \"As the second-largest winegrowing state in India after Maharashtra, Karnataka is conducive for growing wine-quality grapes. Our idea is to motivate farmers, the wine industry and encourage new connoisseurs towards non-fortified wine drinking,\" explains Vandita.Prominent wine manufactures in Karnakata range from the oldest, Grover, to Alpine, among the newer ones. These manufactures have, under their fold, acres of land cultivated by farmers who grow grapes under their technical supervision. Companies like Grover and Alpine buy back these grapes at superior prices. Heritage Wines MD PL Venkatarama Reddy, on the other hand, is a farmer himself and owns ten acres of land near Gowribaddanur, on which Bangalore Blue grapes are cultivated. \"This grape is like no other in the world and is available round the year,\" he says.Wine made from Bangalore Blue grapes make for good fortified (spirited) drinks. But the Wine Board intends to promote non-fortified wine alone. \"The aim is to convert the hardliquor drinking population to acquiring taste for non-fortified wine,\" confirms Vandita.Specializing in the non-fortified variety, Raghavendra Gowda, MD, Alpine Wineries, has imported 5 lakh grape saplings from Bordeaux. \"A Frenchman has high life expectancy because he has a couple of glasses of non-fortified wine a day,\" says Gowda. \"So, I've tied up with 14 farmers around the Talakkadu region to cultivate French-variety grapes on 1,250 acres of land.\"Grover Wines, too, has 30 farmers cultivating French-quality grapes. \"Our vineyards are spread over 150 acres in Doddaballpur. We export 26% of our wine to France, which is like selling air-conditioning to the Eskimos!\" says Neeraj Verma, CEO, Grover Wines.The IWF, believes Verma, is a great way to showcase Indian wine to the nascent consumer.All about tavernsOf the highlights of IWF 2012 are talks by experienced professionals from The Indian Institute of Horticultural Research and University of Horticultural Society. They will guide grape-growing farmers on good agricultural practices and technological inputs. Also, participating wine manufacturers are putting up stalls. The organizers want to motivate them to set up more wine taverns across the state by offering subsidies ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000 per tavern. \"This tourism initiative is great,\" says Verma. \"People are flocking to our wine-tasting sessions and we've just set up La Reserve Lounge, our licensed wine tavern,\" he adds.Apart from promoting wine tourism, Gowda wishes to tie up with universities and colleges specializing in hotel management to introduce students to the intricacies of vine growing and wine manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089963", "title": "Mega land scam unearthed in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a startling revelation, the Hyderabad district administration has established that major irregularities took place in the transfer of government land under its jurisdiction to private parties by a process known as mutation. Most of the irregularities took place between 2006-2010, in which 65 acres of government land having a market value of Rs 2,030 crore was transferred to private individuals and institutions.The report, which has been prepared by the current Hyderabad district administration headed by collector Natarajan Gulzar after a thorough investigation and passed on to the office of the chief commissioner of land administration, is likely to put 1996 batch IAS officer Navin Mittal in the dock. Mittal, who is currently special commissioner in the GHMC, was Hyderabad collector between March 25, 2008, and April 8, 2010, and the majority of the irregularities appear to have taken place during his tenure.Mutation is the transfer of title of government land to private individuals and institutions, persons and firms and should take place after proper verification of the documents and all available evidence. Based on the mutation order, the district administration changes the name of the land owner in the land records. Of the about 65 acres of land where the irregularities took place, 16 acres of land was transferred in Shaikpet mandal in Shaikpet village, a prime locality in the city. Mutations were also done in Trimulgherry, Nampally, Asifnagar, Khairtabad, Bandlaguda, Bahadurpura, Himayatnagar, Secunderabad and Musheerabad mandals.\"In the transfer of these land, government interests were not protected and in some cases, the mutations were done without proper link documents and powers to the authorities concerned,\" the report has concluded. According to sources, the detailed report that was sent by Gulzar to the CCLA two days ago lists the irregularities that occurred in each mutation case. \"A city minister and a former revenue minister, MLAs and an MLC and a former minister reportedly played crucial roles in the mutations in question, the sources claimed.While no individual was named in the report, the 'Collector,' 'Revenue Divisional Officer, Secunderabad,' and 'RDO, Hyderabad' were shown as the 'Authority issuing the order' in the 22 cases that were listed. Chittam Lakshmi, a close relative of a Telangana minister, was the RDO Secunderabad while M Hanumantha Reddy was RDO Hyderabad during the period when the alleged irregularities in the mutation cases took place, the sources added.According to the report, prime land of 9.20 acres (in TS No 1, Block-F, Ward 9) worth Rs 456 crore in Shaikpet was transferred in the name of Padmalaya Studios (owned by Krishna, veteran actor and father of Mahesh Babu) on January 5, 2009 by the then RDO of Secunderbad. The collector's report said the land was given at a nominal cost to the studio which in turn allegedly alienated it to Zee Tele Films and 13 share holders of the company for liquidating the company's debt.Following protests over the mutation of government land to Padmalaya Studios at a nominal cost, the then Collector resumed the land even as the Appeals Commissioner allowed the appeal filed by the studio. \"The mutation orders were issued while the writ petition was pending and the extent alienated is only for 5.04 acres but the mutation was done for 5.20 acres. Though the company had sold about five acres, the mutation was done in favour of the company for the entire extent,\" the report pointed out.Similarly, in Thokatta village of Trimulgherry mandal, the mutation of 18 acres land (in survey no 157/1 and 170) was done in favour of one Malpani on April 9, 2009. The report said the land is part of the Salar Jung Estate and classified as gairan sarkari/Abadi. There is a village boundary dispute involving this land between Thokatta and Hasmathpet. Because of this mutation order, the state government incurred a loss of Rs 432 crore, the report said.In Nampally, about 37,000 sq metres of land was transferred to Dargah Shah Kamoosh on March 19, 2008. The land is classified as government/graveyard and AP High Court decided that it was not wakf land and only a small extent belongs to the Dargah. But then collector R V Chandravadan issued mutation orders based on ex-parte. In this case, collector Gulzar sent a proposal for review to the CCLA in December 2011. The mutation in question had resulted in a loss of about Rs 222 crore to the government, the report claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12090463", "title": "Demand plot be used as recreation ground", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: There was high drama in Navi Mumbai's Nerul over a proposed heliport on Wednesday.Upset at seeing a signboard of City and Industrial Development Corporation of Maharashtra Limited (Cidco) about the proposed heliport on a plot of land near Palm Beach Road , residents of Nerul (W) staged a demonstration at the spot. They also smashed the signboard to register their protest.Sources said the signboard was put up at the spot on Tuesday night. Residents of Nerul Sector 30 saw it on Wednesday morning. Soon, word on the signboard spread and the locals-who were against helicopter operations in the area-headed towards the plot.A group of people, including villagers, reportedly barged into the plot, dragged brought down the signboard and vandalized it. Explaining their stand, one of the protesters said: \"There is a recreation ground (belonging to the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation) next to the plot where the signboard has been put up. We want the authorities to allow locals to use this plot, too, as it is a vital open space. That's why we are opposed to the setting up of a heliport there.\"Reacting to Wednesday's incident, Cidco spokesperson Mohan Ninawe told TOI: \"We have not filed a complaint against anybody yet as our chairman wants to verify exactly why some citizens are opposed to the proposed heliport in Nerul.\"It was learnt that there had been a proposal to set up a heliport on the Nerul plot for some time, but the NMMC wrote to Cidco in 2010 suggesting that the land be used as a recreation ground instead.Asked about the locals' demand that the land be handed over for public use, Ninawe said they would discuss the matter with the civic body. He added that Cidco would comply with MMRDA norms to build the heliport.NMMC officials, too, said they would hold talks with their Cidco counterparts soon to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090188", "title": "PMO pushes for standard treatment protocols", "text": "NEW DELHI: The need for standard treatment protocols for various diseases has got the official push from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).The PMO has asked the Union health ministry to prepare the protocols at the earliest and implement them under the country's National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).The focus will be on the use of standard generic drugs, besides weeding out irrational drug regimens.Ministry officials said that there is more than a single treatment modality available that often leads to confusion and in many cases incorrect treatment.Union health secretary P K Pradhan said that once the protocols are ready, doctors, nurses, pharmacists and community health workers would have to adhere to them strictly in public health facilities.\"All doctors and nurses under the NRHM will be bound by the protocols that are being finalized. Tamil Nadu has such protocols in place. We will follow them and circulate standard protocols to all states for immediate implementation,\" Pradhan said.Earlier, the ministry had set up a panel to frame standard treatment protocols for 21 diseases.Ministry says incorrect drug choices, overdose, under dose and choice of more expensive drugs when less expensive drugs would be equally or more effective is a major problem in public health facilities.Standard Treatment Guidelines will list the preferred drug and non-drug treatments for common health problems. Each drug treatment would include for each health problem the name, dosage form, strength, average dose (pediatric and adult), number of doses per day and number of days of treatment.The PMO has also asked the health ministry to make \"Free medicine for all through Public Health Facilities\" under the NRHM a reality.The Cabinet has already approved the setting up of a Central Procurement Agency (CPA) for bulk procurement of drugs. The PMO has asked the ministry to set up the CPA at the earliest.\"Within two months, we plan to put in place the CPA,\" Pradhan said. Free medicines for all will cost Rs 30,000 crore, and hopes are high to cut India's tremendously high out-of-pocket (OOP) expenditure on healthcare.Purchasing drugs alone accounts for 72% of the OOP expenses. \"Free medicines for all will be rolled out by this year,\" Pradhan added. The sharp increase in prices of drugs has been the main reason for the rising costs of medical care, which more than tripled between 1993-94 and 2006-07. Between 1993-94 and 2004-05, compared to a 67% increase in real per person income and an 82% rise in per person tax collections, real per person public health expenditure rose from Rs 84 to Rs 125 - a spurt of 48%. The paltry spending by states on purchasing drugs has only compounded poor patients' problems.It is estimated that an increase in the public procurement of medicines from around 0.1% to 0.5% of GDP would ensure universal access to essential drugs, and greatly reduce the burden on private OOP expenditures.Drug prices have also shot up phenomenally in India over the past decade and a half.India reported a nearly 40% spurt in all drug prices between 1996 and 2006, thanks to price decontrol policies in the 1990s.The Planning Commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) on universal health coverage (UHC) estimates that nearly 39 million Indians are pushed to poverty because of ill health every year. What's worse, around 30% in rural India didn't go for any treatment for financial reasons in 2004 - up from 15% in 1995. Similarly, in urban areas, 20% of ailments were untreated for financial reasons in 2004 - up from 10% in 1995.About 47% of hospital admissions in rural India and 31% in urban areas were financed by loans and sale of assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090614", "title": "Give Congress one more opportunity, PM appeals to Goans", "text": "PANAJI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called upon Goan voters to give one more opportunity to the Congress at the March 3 assembly election and assured them that Goa's environment, coastline, and communal harmony would be protected.He said \"Goa is a peace-loving state\" and there should be no room for communalism to raise its ugly head in its progress and development. \"There can be no development if the society is divided. The people have to be united if the state has to make progress,\" Singh said, adding that it is only the Congress that can take the society forward without any discrimination.Addressing a huge rally at the Government College grounds at Sanquelim which was interrupted for 25 minutes due to the public address system failure, the prime minister said that development cannot be at the cost of causing destruction to the environment. The environment and the rich ecology of the state have to be preserved for posterity, he added.Singh said understanding the Goa issue, the UPA government made sure in the CRZ notification that the beaches and eco-sensitive sites are protected. \"We want to make it amply clear that we won't do anything that will destroy the coastline of the state,\" he said, adding that the interest of the traditional fishermen has already been protected.The prime minister said that right from the days of PM Jawaharlal Nehru, Goa has been given special attention- whether it was the opinion poll, making Konkani the official language of Goa or bestowing statehood on Goa. Over the last five years or so, he said Goa has also benefited financially as not only was a special fund given for Goa's golden jubilee celebrations, but central funding for various schemes had also been raised.Singh also made a mention that recently under JNNRUM, hundreds of crores had been sanctioned, including for the development of Panaji. Besides, he said one NIT, a catering college, have also been sanctioned by the Centre and spoke of national games which will be hosted in Goa after a few years. He added that Sanquelim will get a Ravindra Bhavan.He pointed out that while Mopa airport would be pursued, the UPA government had made sure that Dabolim airport would continue to operate and had also sanctioned a 500 crore fund for its expansion. The UPA will fully support IT industries in Goa, he said.Union minister Praful Patel of the NCP, made a strong pitch for legal mining. \"Lakhs of people are dependent on mining which is the backbone of Goa's economy. \"Hence, mining must go on in an organized and legal way. It is the need of the hour.\"Lambasting the BJP on issues of illegal mining and corruption, Patel said BJP must do introspection as their chief minister in Karnataka had to go to jail because of corruption in illegal mining. \"Who started illegal mining in the country?\" he asked.Earlier, speaker Pratapsing Rane said that parts of revenue earned from exports of iron ore, should be utilized for the development of Sattari and Bicholim talukas. The people in the mining areas are suffering from health problems and dust pollution and they need to be compensated adequately, he said. He also urged the prime minister to bring some non-polluting public sector units in the two talukas which he said are necessary to cater to the highly-educated and skilled people from there.Chief minister Digambar Kamat said the BJP is \"fooling the people\" with false promises. Former chief minister of Maharashtra Narayan Rane also came down heavily on the BJP saying only Congress can keep the unity and communal harmony Goa is known for.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091561", "title": "Students complain of eye stress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Reading continuously, especially under a tube light, has become a cause of concern for parents these days. Many of them are rushing their wards to eye specialists after they complain of eye stress and strain. With exam season on, many children, aged between 12 and 16 years, have been detected with eye stress. City ophthalmologists are getting 20 to 30 cases related to eye stress and strain every day.\"These are mostly students of Class X and above. It is expected that students preparing for boards as well as other entrance examinations will continue complaining about the problem till June,\" said Dr Rajan Chugh, an eye specialist in the city.Sitting for long hours in front of the computer is also adding to the problem. \"Taking down notes from computer for a long duration should be avoided. And, instead of reading continuously, one must take a break after going through a page,\" said Dr S P S Grewal, an ophthalmologist here. \"As tube-light flickers frequently, it should be avoided while reading. And use a table and a chair while studying, as these not only help maintain a good posture, but also take care of appropriate reading distance.\" An optimum distance of 40cm must be maintained while holding a book.Kamlesh Kapur, a city resident whose son is preparing for board exams, said, \"When my son complained of irritation in eyes, I took him to a doctor, who advised him to blink often while reading or working on computer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090794", "title": "Goa No. 1 in water supply, but found wanting in sanitation coverage", "text": "PANAJI: With almost 100% coverage of Goan villages with piped water, Goa is the number one state in India in water supply, claims the state's public works department (PWD). Authorities cite figures to justify their claim that Goa is indeed the number one state in India in the water supply sector. Rural areas are supplied with 82 LPCD (Litres per capita per day) on average basis, against the government of India (GoI) norms of 40 LPCDl; and urban areas are supplied at 143 LPCD on an average as against GoI norms of 70 LPCD for un-sewered and 135 LPCD for sewered urban areas.Goa is said to be the only state wherein all the water supply is through metered connections, except for public taps. There are over 2.20 lakh domestic/non domestic metered connections. Now the changed mandate is for making the water supply sector self sustainable, with equitable distribution for 24x7 supply hours, and effective and efficient use of infrastructure.The water tariff in Goa is also on the lower side compared to the tariff structures adopted by the water supply utilities in other parts of the country. The present domestic tariff is 2.50 per cubic metres up to the consumption of 20 cubic metres per month and thereafter 5 per cubic metre.However, the low tariff in Goa has its drawbacks. Due to the highly subsidized tariff and lack of awareness, some consumers indulge in excessive and wasteful consumption. And the PWD is considering using tariff as a tool for reduction of excessive consumption. Considering this, it is proposed to revise the tariff structure on volumetric basis, in four slabs - low tariff for low consumption, increased tariff for increased consumption, excessive tariff for excessive consumption and deterrent tariff for wasteful consumption.Despite being considered number one state in many sectors, Goa is found wanting in sanitation. The state has yet to produce even one village which is 100% open-defecation free and thereby win the Nirmal Gram Puraskar award.While states like Sikkim and Maharashtra have won the Nirmal Gram Puraskar for good sanitation coverage and Kerala is doing very well, Goa has only achieved 75% sanitation coverage.The chances of meeting the 2012 target of providing 100% sanitation cover in Goa seem bleak, as the state's budget allocation for sanitation is only 4 crore. Goa needs to build over 40,000 Sulabh toilets to meet the target by this year and each Sulabh toilet now costs around 15,000.Unlike in other states, the Sulabh toilets in Goa are fully subsidized. Also, the cost of each toilet is expected to rise to 20,000. At that rate and the size of the budget allocation, Goa will not be able to meet the target, PWD sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091414", "title": "CNG to cost Rs 44.95 per kg", "text": "SURAT: Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL) has announced a 3.6% revision in CNG price effective from Thursday. The revised end-customer price of CNG would now be Rs 44.95 per kilogram from Rs 43.40. This is the first CNG price revision by the company in 2012 and fifth consecutive revision after January 2011.GGCL caters to more than 1.30 lakh CNG vehicles in Surat, Bharuch and Ankleshwar. About 75% of its users are in the diamond city.The company attributed price revision to consistent increase in the input and operating costs and said it will have a negligible impact in the per kilometre running cost of CNG vehicles. The fuel will continue to offer attractive savings of around 54% as compared to the running cost of petrol-driven vehicles, it said. The CNG price in Surat was still on the lower side compared to that offered by other city gas distributors in the state, the company said.Recently, the company announced 70% decline in its profit in the fourth quarter. As against Rs 80 crore, the company made close to Rs 24 crore profits on year-on-year basis in the fourth quarter.The company said it was committed to further investment in setting up more CNG stations in Surat and Bharuch districts to help promote the environmentally friendly fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090450", "title": "CBI charges Amarchand of conspiring abduction of his wife", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI, in its 97-page chargesheet, has accused Amarchand, husband of murdered nurse Bhanwari Devi, of conspiring the abduction of his wife with an intension to kill.Amarchand had started a hue and cry on the missing of his wife on September 1, 2011. He had filed a legal complaint at a city court against former minister Parasram Maderna on the behest of Indra Bishnoi.\"Amarchand was hesitant to name anyone behind the missing or abduction of his wife since he suspected that police is also going to peel up his role in the case. But after excessive pressure, he finally agreed on Sept 5 to file a legal complaint at the local court at Bilara,\" reads the chargesheet.The chargesheet also asserts that Sohan Lal Bishnoi had told Amarchand initially that MLA Malkhan Singh wishes to go for a long vacation with Bhanwari and had paid Rs 50,000 to Amar to send Bhanwari alone to Bilara village. \"After Bhawari's abduction on September, 1 when Amarchand called up Sohan Lal, the later confirmed him that she was killed on the behest of Malkhan Singh. Sohan had also threatened that he has got the shelter from both Malkhan and Maderna thus nobody can do any harm to him,\" according to the chargesheet.But, Amarchand always hid the fact that he had though got Rs 50,000, but was promised Rs 10 lakh more to send his wife to Malkhan. \"On the day when Bhanwari left the village, Amarchand had also paid Rs 1,000 to her driver Farookh to make an excuse to go far from Bhanwari after they reach Bilara,\" said the chargesheet.The CBI in its chargesheet, has also stated that since 2008, when Bhanwari Devi became close to Malkhan Singh, her life with Amarchand started ruining to the extent that their day-to-day family feud was reported at Pipar police station in Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091299", "title": "Panel suggests new guidelines for teachers", "text": "PUNE: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has framed new guidelines for teachers as per section 17 (1) of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act. Under the new guidelines, teachers found discriminating against students on grounds of their physical disability, caste, colour, sex or religion will face strict action, which may include filing of a police case.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, NCPCR chairperson Shanta Sinha said, \"The move come in view of several complaints received by the commission from across the country regarding teachers discriminating against students regarding their physical disability, religion, caste and even colour. The new set of guidelines is in context of the RTE Act and will be made public on March 5, the Foundation Day of NCPCR.\"The NCPCR has sent the new guidelines for approval to the Union ministry of human resource and development. \"Once the ministry approves it , the guidelines will be implemented in every school in the country,\" she added.As per section 17(1) of RTE, no child shall be subjected to physical punishment or mental harassment. Speaking on how the new guidelines are different from those governing corporal punishment, Sinha said, \"Though discrimination regarding physical disability, colour, sex and religion were not included in the guidelines for corporal punishment, we were receiving a lot of complaints related to these aspects. This made us decide that it was time we drafted new guidelines.\"Leena Chaudhari, principal, Symbiosis School, said, \"I think the job of teachers is to educate children and not encourage any type of discrimination. Teachers should not bring these issues to school and, if they do, then I think they deserve to be punished.\"Anuradha Sahasrabudhe, founder-director of Pune Childline - a 24-hour helpline for children in distress and member of the Juvenile Justice Board, Pune, said, \"There's been a steady flow of complaints where students have been abused psychologically and mentally, which has lowered their confidence. Such cases are prevalent and the numbers are rising. The guidelines have come at the right time.\"Vinita Kaul, counsellor for Central Board for Secondary Education students, said, \"There have been cases where students are abused by teachers on various issues. Therefore, drafting these guidelines was necessary. I alsofeel that if a student or parent complains, the genuineness of the complaint must be verified before initiating action. It's like giving power which may be misused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095498", "title": "Not glorifying gangsters, says Sanjay Gupta", "text": "Filmmaker Sanjay Gupta, who is bringing a 'shootout' on celluloid for the second time with 'Shootout at Wadala' says he is not glorifying gangsters in the forthcoming movie.Directed by Gupta, 'Shootout at Wadala' is a sequel to his 2007 film 'Shootout at Lokhandwala'. The second instalment will dramatise the first registered encounter by Mumbai police, where gangster Manya Surve was shot dead in 1982 at Wadala.\"We are not glorifying gangsters or the police force in the film. Over here (in the film) we are trying to strike a balance between them (gangster and police) and it is really difficult. But having said that, it is not about a predictable end,\" Gupta told reporters.The ensemble cast of 'Shootout at Wadala' includes John Abraham , Anil Kapoor , Kangna Ranaut , Tusshar Kapoor , Mahesh Manjrekar and Ronit Roy. In the film, John plays the role of gangster Manya Surve, while Anil plays ACP Isaque Bagwan, who kills John in an encounter.Talking about the film, Gupta says, \"It is about a journey of a regular college student (John), who became a gangster and why. And the journey of a police officer (Anil) who was given orders to take steps that were not taken earlier. So the reasons behind it is the compelling story and not its outcome.\"The film is set to hit cinema houses on December 7. Sanjay's 'Shootout at Lokhandwala', directed by Apoorva Lakhia, was based upon the 1991 Lokhandwala Complex shootout, a real-life gun battle between gangsters and Mumbai Police. Additional Commissioner of Police A A Khan, played by Sanjay Dutt in the film shot dead dreaded gangster Maya Dolas, essayed by Vivek Oberoi in a complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090692", "title": "Don't cast vote based on poll freebies: Church", "text": "PANAJI: The church in Goa on Tuesday appealed to voters not to cast their \"sacred vote\" based on goodies, sponsored pilgrimages or superficial promises made by aspiring candidates contesting the March 3 assembly election.An official press release by the Diocesan Centre for Social Communications Media said that the \"decision at the polling station is a decision that has wider repercussions regarding the issues our people have stood for over the years, particularly against rampant corruption and reckless degradation of the ecology in Goa\".The church said that when candidates come visiting our homes it would seem ill-mannered not to promise one's \"sacred vote\" and we may wrongly think it is fair to keep our courteous word.The press release states, \"Our sacred vote is an expression of our dignity and nobleness; to make it a pawn to a favour or to a gift or to a promise superficially made is to underestimate and trivialize it; it is immoral to accept such favours or gifts, worse still, is to fraudulently invoke moral or religious blackmail to bind our conscience to those favours or gifts; there are no terms of comparison between the gift or favours received and the future of a state. The selfishly received favours or goodies can in no way serve the dignity of our sacred vote and the future of our state.\"The church advises voters to ask themselves certain questions before casting their votes. Is the candidate of my choice capable of forgetting himself/herself for the sake of the state? Is he/she capable of being a good legislator whose primary duty will be to draw effective legislation to safeguard Goa? As an honest legislator will he/she provide effective governance that will provide for the integral development of our Goa? Is he/she capable of looking after the issues Goans have raised, particularly the most important and urgent issue of an ecological time bomb ticking in Goa?Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091502", "title": "Judicial probe into SHO's role", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not satisfied with the claims of senior police officials in the case of a dispute over possession of house in Sector 8, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed chief judicial magistrate, Chandigarh to conduct a fact finding inquiry into the allegation of police conniving with one of the contenders. Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh had given a clean chit to SHO of Sector 3 police station, Poonam Dilawari, in this dispute.It has been alleged that despite HC directions, the possession of the disputed property was handed over to the opposite party with the help of police. Earlier on December 22, 2011, Justice Surya Kant had directed the SSP to visit the house personally and verify if any court orders were flouted. HC had also directed that investigation in the case should be handled by a DSP rank officer.When the matter came up for hearing on Wednesday, SSP submitted an affidavit stating that he had met both the parties involved and had not found any violation of HC orders. a??On the basis of his personal visit and having met all the sides and on the basis of documents provided by parties, I have not found any violation of any HC order and there has been no change in status between the parties as it existed on December 22, 2011,a?? SSP added. In her application, Manavjeet Kaur of Sector 8 informed that in December 2010 HC had ordered not to handover possession of the house to any party but despite the orders Dilawari misused her official position to favour the rival party.Besides the SSP, Dilawari also filed a reply on the issue stating that investigations conducted by her were impartial and if HC considers that she had flouted any order, she tenders unconditional and unqualified apology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092160", "title": "KSRTC revises ticket cancellation rates", "text": "BANGALORE: KSRTC has revised its ticket cancellation refund slab, effective from March 1. The changes are:Till 72 hours before departure time: 10% of basic fare Between 72 hours and up to 24 hours before departure time: 25% of basic fare. Between 24 hours and up to 30 minutes from departure time: 50% of basic fare. Less than 30 minutes before departure time and after: No refund. Advance ticket reservation will be available 30 days before travel. Commuters can check for e-booking and mobile booking. Call the enquiry call centre number: 080-44554422.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091097", "title": "PMC waits for water audit in Sept to plan steps", "text": "PUNE: A detailed assessment of Pune's actual water use, loss due to leakages, illegal water connections and evaporation loss will be available by September, once the city's first water audit is completed.The audit is being carried out to ensure better management of water supply and its data will be used to solve water problems in the city. It will also help better maintenance of water supply infrastructure.\"The first water audit will be done in three phases. Work for the first phase has already begun,\" V G Kulkarni, head of the water supply department in the Pune Municipal Corporation told TOI on Wednesday.The primary audit is from the water source to the treatment plant, the secondary water audit is done from reservoirs supplying water to the city to the treatment plants, elevated storage reservoirs built in various parts of the city for supply and also from these reservoirs to the pipelines. The tertiary water audit is done from the pipelines to the end users in homes, shops and industries.A consulting firm was conducting the audit. The water network analysis has begun which will also be used for water meter installation. \"We are expecting to complete this audit by September.\"The irrigation department has allotted 11.5 TMC water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet dams. The quota is claimed to be higher than the normal requirement of the city, yet the city faces water shortage because of distribution losses and water mismanagement by the civic body.The civic body's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that Pune's population is around 35 lakh. About 135 litres to 150 litres of water per head per day puts the total water consumption at about 7.8 TMC. Leakages and water theft is shrinking the quantum of water the city gets.The city has faced a problem with unequal distribution of water, with core areas receiving more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have reiterated the need for metered water supply in PuneThe civic standing committee in November 2011 approved the administration's proposal of 24x7 water supply scheme. A consultation firm has been appointed for guiding this project. The firm will do network analysis, take corrective measures like detecting leaks, carry out system rehabilitation and a water audit, see the flow measurement, ensure systems' reengineering and suggest cost-effective measures to meet the city's water demand for the next 30 years.The city's environment status report says that the civic body does not have maps of the old pipeline network. The total wastage in supply system is 20%, of which 12% is due to problems in the distribution system and 8% is wasted during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12092602", "title": "40-yr-old killed by brother for Rs 20", "text": "SHIMLA: A 40-year-old man was murdered by his elder brother for failing to return Rs 20 he had borrowed from him. Police have arrested the accused, Om Parkash, 55.The incident happened at Amboya village of Paonta subdivision on Monday night, when the brothers were in an inebriated condition and entered into a heated argument over the issue. Paonta Sahib DSP Nishchint Singh Negi said Om Parkash hit his brother Kalyan Singh on the head with a stone and then an iron rod when the latter flung a Rs 100 note at him and muttered something which enraged the accused.While Om Parkash left the spot soon after, villagers found Kalyan lying dead in the fields next morning and informed the police. Negi said that Om Parkash had a criminal background and was involved in many thefts and illegal sale of liquor. \"The accused has admitted killing his brother,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12092483", "title": "PU researcher finds way to keep your car scratch proof", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If those scratch marks on your brand new car leave you fuming every time you look at them, a Panjab University researcher has got just the right innovation to relieve you of the stress. Winning the \"CHASCON-vention award 2012\" for his research work on \"nano-composite coating\", Gaurav Verma, an assistant professor at University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET) has evolved a method to turn the paint scratch proof. The top coat of paint, which is transparent and is the interface with the environment, can be altered to make it scratch proof through nano-particles, according to Verma's research.Competing with several other entries, including those from IIT Ropar, Kurukshetra University and others, Verma's work was shortlisted following an intensive three-round screening. \"The practical application of my work can be further extended to coating needs in other fields, including dentistry and even defense,\" says Verma.Another participating researcher Gurgaurav Singh, a BE III student of electrical and electronics engineering at University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), received the CHASCON-vision 2012 award, for his research on a 'unique cost-efficient induction motor controller'.\"I have worked on a highly efficient and cost-effective 3-phase induction motor controller, which would have far better features than those available in the market and would be cheaper,\" says Singh. His invention would be of immense benefit to the agricultural sector, he adds.\"It is like the features of a Mercedes provided at the cost of a Maruti. The features would be so advanced that the conventional controllers will be rendered ineffective. We are already creating a protection coating for the machine that is a unique feature,\" he explains. Singh won a cash prize of Rs 51,000 from PU as a grant to work on his project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092380", "title": "District administration officials conduct raids, seize khoya", "text": "KANPUR: With the festival of Holi round the corner, hundreds of kilograms of adulterated khoya has been pumped into the city markets. In order to seize the adulterated khoya, a team, constituted by the district administration, raided the Hatiya khoya mandi on Wednesday.The moment the raid team reached the mandi, chaos prevailed among the traders. Some traders left their khoya on the spot itself and ran away. The team members checked and seized khoya kept there.A mini-truck loaded with several kilograms of khoya was also seized.The district administration officials said that the raid teams have been formed to collect samples of khoya being used in preparing gujhiyas during Holi. Strict action would be taken against those involved in selling adulterated khoya.It is during this festival that large quantities of adulterated khoya is sold in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090461", "title": "Laskhar man set up base in Maoist hotbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The arrest of two Lashkar operatives points to a possible nexus between Maoists and jihadis. What has raised suspicion is that one of the terrorists, Ahtesham, had set up base in the Maoist hotbed of Hazaribagh in Jharkhand. He belongs toKashmir.\"While IEDs are used by terror outfits, Maoists have been extensively using them to carry out attacks against commandos during combing operations. The recovery of nitrates and sulphuric acid is significant since these ingredients have been used by Maoists to trigger blasts in Chattisgarh,\" said an investigating officer.It's not often that the explosive training manuals find their way into the hands of terrorists, said a senior cop. \"We suspect they kept the memory card so that they could use it to construct the bomb on their own. That Hazaribagh, a Maoist stronghold, was being used as a base by Lashkar is significant. The area is situated away from both Nepal and Bangladesh borders, which are used for infiltration. Hazaribagh never featured in Lashkar's scheme of things. We are yet to establish a link between terrorists and Maoists, but we are in touch with the Jharkhand police,\" said the officer.Earlier, IB pointed out how foreign terror outfits are using Indian insurgent groups, including Babbar Khalsa and Manipur-based People's Liberation Army to carry out attacks.\"Lashkar's influence in the Valley is shrinking. It wants security agencies to concentrate on organizations like Indian Mujahideen so that it can plan bigger attacks,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090027", "title": "Gupta has reputation for shady \u2018deals\u2019, say peers", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Wednesday, when news broke of DLF's cheating case against Hyderabad-based developer Gowri Shankar Gupta, both the business and 'Marwari' community members said that Gupta didn't enjoy a good reputation and, indeed, was rather known for his \"doubtful dealings\".Gowri Shankar Gupta, whose family history in Hyderabad stretches over 160 years, is a well-known man, especially as the developer of two major projects in the city - Hyderabad Central and Big Bazaar.Many eyebrows were, however, raised when he bagged the Gandhi Medical College (Basheer Bagh) deal with rivals saying that Gowri Shankar's enterprise was too small an entity to have bagged such a big-ticket deal.The Gandhi Medical College's \"Development and Management Rights\" deal figures in the FIR filed by DLF charging Gupta with enticing it into investing Rs 43 crore as security deposit for the venture.Among the other prominent buildings he developed are the GS Mall at Somajiguda and GS Plaza on Road No. 1, Banjara Hills. Sources said that while he had started off as a finance man, Gowri Shankar soon moved on to real estate and has been in the business for about 20 years.Although Gowri Shankar has managed to bag some mega projects, the perception is that his financial dealings are never really squeaky clean. His political clout helps him land these ventures, it is said. It is learnt that Mayawati has recently awarded him a project in Noida.Gowri Shankar's venture goes by the name GS Constructions with the offices at GS Plaza on Road No. 1, Banjara Hills. The office was shut on Wednesday evening.Builders said that Gupta has always been a controversial figure.\"He would never pay his suppliers and flouted all construction norms. When Central came up, it was much criticised for many glaring deviations including an absence of a fire safety mechanism.Local builders stay away from him but DLF fell into the trap as they were outsiders with poor understanding of local affairs,\" alleged an industry insider.Those who have done business with him say the deals are never smooth.Apparently, for the Big Bazaar at Ameerpet, the owner of the Gold Spot building that originally stood there was meant to have received a 50% stake in the project.However, since completion of the project was delayed by two years, the owners sold their stake and walked out of the venture.Those in the know say that he bypassed local DLF officials to directly engage the company's brass in Gurgaon for the deal that has now landed him in trouble.Builders say that DLF is not the first to have cried foul over something Gowri Shankar had done.\"There are instances when he has allegedly sold the same property to multiple parties. But he cleverly settles the deals so that, each time, there is no police complaint. With DLF, the money involved was much higher,\" said a builder who is also a close aide of Gupta's.Sources close to the family say that Gowri Shankar lives in a gated community, Sriram Park on Road No.8, Banjara Hills.\"The family was earlier into the pharmaceutical business and, at one point, even had sweetmeat shops. They are also said to have dabbled in textiles,\" said a close family aide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12090737", "title": "Section 144 in South Goa from March 1 to March 2", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district collector, Pawan Kumar Sain, on Wednesday, under the powers vested in him under Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, issued an order prohibiting any assembly of five or more persons (including contesting candidates and workers) from 5 pm of March 1 to 9 pm of March 2 in all 17 constituencies of South Goa.Such an assembly will be deemed as unauthorized under Section 141 of the IPC with a view \"to avoid any procession or rally under the garb of house visits or corner meetings and to prevent any nuisance and law and order problem,\" the order says. All vehicles permitted to all contesting candidates by the concerned returning officers shall not ply on the roads from 6pm to 6am \"to avoid any distribution of money or gifts or liquor and to prevent any nuisance and law and order problem,\" the order states further, adding that all private vehicles will also be checked \"in a dignified manner\".On March 3, the day of polling, hotels , restaurants, bars, teashops, pan shops and other food shops (dhabas, gaddas) etc within the vicinity of 200m of any polling station will remain closed from 6am to 9pm. However, this order shall not be applicable to officers authorized on election duty, the order states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091313", "title": "Two seriously injured in fire at Kalewadi", "text": "PUNE: Two persons were seriously injured after a fire broke out at a mattress-making workshop at Kalewadi in Pimpri-Chinchwad on Tuesday. The shop is on the ground floor of a three-storied building in a congested area. The injured, Ajay Mondhe (35) and Sanjay Mondhe (25), were staying as tenants on the first floor. They are being treated at a hospital in Bhosari.Santosh More, director and administrator of the Pune international burns and cosmetic centre said, \"Ajay and Sanjay have suffered around 70% to 80% burns. They are in the intensive care unit ( ICU).\"Officials of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) fire brigade's Rahatni sub-office said that the office had got a call about the fire around 2.20 pm. Four fire engines took two hours to extinguish the fire.Arvind Jagtap, Rahatni fire station officer, said, \"A fire has occurred twice before at this workshop. It had no primary fire fighting equipment to extinguish the fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12090110", "title": "SC cancels management quota in tech universities", "text": "NOIDA: The Supreme Court has ordered the cancellation of management quota in technical colleges of Uttar Pradesh. Earlier, this quota was kept at 15% of the total seats with 5% reservation for NRI students. The two technical universities in the district, Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) and Mahamaya Technical University host the entrance examinations on a rotational basis.University officials explained that the management quota is essentially a misnomer and have been used in the past to facilitate unfair admission practices. \"There is technically no management quota. We had 15% reservation for NRI students, but since the admission of such students is very rare, the university would admit students on those seats through the management quota,\" explained a GBTU official.According to the organiser of UPSEE, Gautam Buddh Technical University, admission for NRI candidates will begin from May for all the first year courses, except MBA and MCA. But for this, the colleges need get approval from the All India Council of Technical Education. \"Forms for MCA and MBA will be available online and for the first time the entrance examinations for the same will also take place online,\" added the official. The forms for B.Tech will be available online from March 3. During the UPSEE in 2011, only 4,959 forms were submitted by students for B.Tech.Seventy-five per cent of B.Tech and B.Arch seats will be filled through SEE while 20% through AIEEE. Seventy-five per cent of the MBA seats will be filled through SEE and 20% through CMAT and other courses. MCA will get 95% of admissions through SEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090799", "title": "UPA, civil society bonhomie over?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA-civil society honeymoon seems to be over. For a government that began by bringing several civil society members and groups under its umbrella and by adopting their agenda as its own, the schism between the NGOs and the UPA could be a sign of a relationship going sour.The Kudankulam affair flared up with none less than Prime Minister Manmohan Singh blaming the infamous 'foreign hand' of fueling and funding the protests and the government promptly following it up with a CBI inquiry into financial misdemeanors of four NGOs linked with the protest against the nuclear power plant. The government also flushed a German citizen out of the country for violating visa norms and mingling with the protestors.CPM's Nilotpal Basu warned, \"When we are not aware of any circumstances, we should not react. If there is a concrete case of violation against any NGO, then there is the law of the land to deal with it, not otherwise.\"But the romance with civil society had perhaps ended a bit earlier. The first cause of heightened friction was occasioned by what was read as an 'anti-UPA' strike by Team Anna. The government hit back by attempting to bring the entire civil society under the Lokpal bill even as it kept the corporate sector out.UPA proposed tightening the taxation provisions for civil society groups and as well as greater control on the foreign funding pipeline.But leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"Now, generally a large number of NGOs are donor driven. Generalities apart, if you point fingers at a specific group, the government must place the facts in public. Otherwise, you are painting everyone with the same brush.\"However, Arvind Kejriwal of Team Anna had a different take, \"Government is increasingly intolerant to dissent and in fact the line of dissent is shrinking. NGOs are soft targets.\"But the relationship between civil society and UPA was perhaps never as cosy as it seemed even to begin with. While the Congress co-opted some prominent members into the National Advisory Council in 2004 and then again in 2009, there was always an unhealthy disrespect of those that 'protested' too much against specific projects or refused to engaged within committees.Small or hinterland groups that may have protested against land acquisition and other problems have always been more bluntly treated with direct police action or labels of 'Marxist leanings' at the state level. It's the well organized groups that have a reach through national news media that have always hurt the government - regardless of the political party in power. The trouble for the government is that field-level protests no more remain isolated and often find networks spread nationally or internationally to support them.Aruna Roy, a member of the NAC and a prominent voice within civil society that does both - fight the state on the street and join the establishment to push her agenda from within -- said, \"The message being sent is that dissent will be penalized. I am very shocked and worried that expectations of liberal understanding of democracy and dissent have waned.\"The outsourcing of the last mile of development services of the government had begun long ago. In fact, Digvijay Singh was credited for doing so at the state level with professional zeal. Today, there continue to be dozens of foreign-funded civil society groups that work with state governments as well as the Centre in shaping policy, conducting pilot work or delivering the goods under the policy.The government has always been troubled with civil society groups playing activists on the streets or openly protesting against government policy. Especially, when issues touch anything that can be seen as 'national security' - human rights concerns any day, for example. The PM seems to have added a new element to that with nuclear power plants and GM crops. Considering that some multinational corporates are still spending money through PR agencies promoting 'scientists' that criticize government for banning select GM crops, the move has upgraded 'unacceptable dissent' to a new level.Roy said the protests or plurality of opinion was important. Citing the Fukushima disaster, she said, \"Look at Japan... it is ethically run and look at what happened there. In India, we have an additional burden of unethical practices and these fears are grounded in reality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090908", "title": "Heavy rains, deficiency of micro-nutrients hit food production, say experts", "text": "PANAJI: Heavy rainfall, deficiency of micro-nutrients in the soil, especially zinc, and some other factors have led to a decline in Goa's food production, according to experts and agriculturists.At least 21% of soil in Goa is affected by shortfall of zinc and 5% of boron, as per a survey done by National bureau of soil survey and land use planning, Nagpur, some time back. The survey had identified 32 soil series with medium to high potential, especially Batim and Calangute for rice cultivation and medium production in Chapora, Gudi in Salcete and Carvem in Quepem. \"The soil series found Verna, Velguem, Torcem and Raia among soils with low productivity,\" sources said.\"Though they are micro-nutrients, they are a major factor in reducing production,\" S S P Tendulkar, agriculture director said. H M Wasnik, senior soil scientist, Indian Council of Agricultural Research, Old Goa, explained further, \"The deficiency, especially of zinc and boron, occurs in soils in some places, but not in all crops.\"If the content of zinc is less than .5 particles per matter, it is regarded as deficient. The state government has appointed a committee headed by secretary agriculture and comprising Wasnik and others as members to look into problem.One of the general causes of soil deficiency is washing off the top soil during monsoon, resulting in leaching of all nutrients, including macro ones such as nitrogen, phosphorus and potash. \"From the chemical point of view, the soil in Goa has become acidic due to heavy rain,\" Wasnik said, explaining that if the PH of the soil is 7, it is considered neutral, which is an ideal condition, but if it is below that norm, then it is acidic. However, the organic carbon content is sufficient. Tendulkar further explained, \"In some places, the soil is also deficient in magnesium while iron is also present in some other areas, though not necessarily mining areas.\"Another problem being faced by farmers, especially in khazan lands, is salinity caused by tidal fluctuations in flood plains. This affects around 18,000 hectares of Goa's cultivable area. \"Korgutt variety of paddy is ideal for such conditions while ICAR has also promoted CSR 10 and 27 varieties for such soil conditions,\" Wasnik said.The deficiency is made up by adding nutrients to the soil - organic or inorganic manure. Experts feel that organic farming is advisable to increase its productivity. \"Using zinc sulphate or organic manure or even vermi-compost can help,\" Wasnik said. Agreed Miguel Braganza, additional director, Organic farming association of India ( OFAI), \"Organic practices like use of effective micro-organisms and even green manure is much more beneficial.\" Explaining further, he said the quality of the soil and food may deteriorate through use of inorganic manure. \"Sometimes more nitrogen may be applied through urea, and it may cause nitrate problem in future and also slowly release trace elements in the soil,\" he said. \"Hence, it is now a trend to grow food organically and people also prefer food grown this way,\" he explained. \"Surveys have been carried out in the past, but no corrective action has been taken on these reports to remedy the nutrient deficiencies and other issues pointed out,\" Braganza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091443", "title": "25-year-old labourer held for killing wife, 2 children", "text": "NASHIK: The police on Wednesday arrested a 25-year-old labourer who strangled his wife and two children nearly two months back and disposed of their bodies.Sheshman Paul, who lived in Kumavat Nagar area, murdered his wife, his two-year child and his nine-month-old baby on January 8.Paul, a native of Fatehpur in Uttar Pradesh, then dumped his wife's body by the river bank near Chopda Lawns area off Gangapur Road. He later flung the bodies of his children near the canal on Makhmalabad Road.The bodies were recovered on Thursday after Paul confessed to the murders.On Tuesday, a missing complaint for Sangita Paul (22) was registered at Panchavati police station. Deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil said that subsequently, her husband was called in for interrogation. Though he initially pretended to be unaware about her whereabouts, he confessed to the murders on Wednesday.According to the accused, his wife had an affair with someone in Fatehpur and within months of their marriage, she gave birth to a child. Paul also told the police that his wife was unwilling to live in Nashik and used to return to her village three-four days after she came to Nashik. On January 8, an argument broke out between the couple. Paul strangled his wife with a rope. He said that it took him nearly an hour to kill her and her screams were drowned out by music playing outside.After killing his wife, Paul turned off the lights and strangled his children in the dark. He got the bodies out of the house by telling the neighbours he was moving household items as he planned to shift. Though Paul said he carried the bodies of his children on a bicycle, there were reports that someone was spotted a few days back around the same spot, taking bags out of an auto and dumping them there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092266", "title": "Runaway Chennai couple find solace in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday passed a restraining order on the family of a girl who had an inter-caste marriage and police officers from interfering with the couple's personal liberty. Justice S Rajeswaran passed the interim injunction, which would now allow the couple to be together.The plea was filed by T Kannagi, 20, wife of P Vijay Anand, 22, an employee of a private company. Their marriage which took place on March 6 was registered on March 24. Since they belonged to different communities, Kannagi's parents were against the match though Vijay Anand's family was supportive, the plea said. Noting that her father, Thimmarayappa of Thally Road in Hosur,lockedher up at home on January 15, 2012, Kannagi said she escaped to the Hosur police station along with Anand the next day tolodge a complaint.While they were at the station, Thimmarayappa also arrived and the policeman made him register a false complaint against Anand and his father, the petition said. Kannagi was subsequently taken away while her husband and his father were detained at the station for a day on charges of \"driving a vehicle without a helmet\", she said. The police inspector refused to return the original marriage certificates and RC books for the two-wheeler. Meanwhile, Kannagi said her father attempted to take her to Mysore and conduct her wedding with a groom of his choice. However,she escaped to Bangalore and reunited with Anand.Pointing out that they were currently in hiding and living with friends , Kannagi said in her petition that her husband's job was at risk and her college education was suffering due to poor attendance. Passing orders, Justice Rajeswaran said thatin viewof theorder passed by the Supreme Court on intercaste marriages, there would be an order of interim injunction in this case as sought. The case has been posted after six weeks for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12091995", "title": "FNR holds reconciliation meeting", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR) organized a Naga reconciliation meeting on Wednesday. The meeting was supported by the signatories of the Covenant of Reconciliation, Naga Concordant, churches, Naga people and its tribal organizations.The meeting attended by over 20,000 people from Nagaland, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh , called upon all Naga groups to end armed confrontations amongst themselves and join \"Naga Reconciliation: A Journey of Common Hope\".The meeting lauded the contribution of Naga national political groups and their leaders, S S Khaplang, Khole Konyak, and S Singnya, in safeguarding the historical and political rights of the Naga people and their lands.It emphasized that the historical and political rights of the Nagas should form the basis of any political solution and appreciated the Centre's commitment to solve the Indo-Naga political matter without delay through the path of non-violence.It recommended formation of a new expert body to consult, provide and ensure expertise necessary for the next step of the 'Journey of Common Hope' and a shared common future. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094936", "title": "Fashion fever grips Jaipur", "text": "Jaipur kicked off its fashion event - JIFW - with a rocking party. This is an official welcome party, we were told.And though the party started quite late, it picked up a little while later. The presence of the models added glamour and spunk to the party and kept up everyone's spirits very late into the night.\"We are expecting this second season of the show to be a great success. We have an interesting list of budding designers along with established ones who have already shown in Indian as well as international runways and have made a mark for themselves,\" said Mahavir Sharma, the organiser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090114", "title": "Now, EVS won\u2019t be a separate subject", "text": "MUMBAI: Students from class VI to XII will have one subject less to study from the next academic year. The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) has decided to drop EVS (environmental studies) as a separate subject. In an affidavit filed with the Supreme Court, NCERT said it plans to offer environmental studies in an \"infused model\" rather than as a distinct subject.When environmental studies was introduced in India as a mandatory subject to sensitize children about their immediate environment, all state boards followed a similar drill: they drew up a quick curriculum, published texts and asked schools to assign the subject to the science or geography teacher. Within a year, the subject was rolled out.Through the early years of schooling, right through to class XII.Following the NCERT affidavit, boards across the country are doing away with the new subject and clipping components of environmental studies to the existing palette of languages, maths, science and social sciences while keeping the core idea of \"connecting knowledge to life outside the school\"intact. Chairman of the Maharashtra State Board Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Sarjarao Jadhav confirmed that from the coming academic year, students of class IX and X will no longer be required to study EVS separately.\"Students of class three to five will study environmental studies as a separate subject (as most boards don't introduce social studies or sciences till class VI). But from class VI to XII, EVS will be integrated with the sciences, the languages and social studies. The idea is to not burden students with an additional subject,\" said Gagan Gupta, associate professor in the science department at NCERT. EVS was introduced in schools and colleges following a December 18, 2003 Supreme Court order that directed boards to make the subject compulsory in educational institutions.In June 2005, most state boards rolled out EVS in their schools, but did not alter the overall marking matrix for the higher classes: in schools, EVS was tested internally for 50 marks, but the scores were eventually converted to a grade that was reflected in the final marks card.By including its components in existing subjects, not only has NCERT done away with a subject, but also tried to render EVS more important. Suffusing it with other subjects also means that the last-minute preparations that EVS was synonymous with, will no longer work. \"Students can no longer take EVS lightly for it will now be a component of all the subjects that they are being marked for,\" said Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12092227", "title": "Sun\u2019s illegal payments for stories turns heat on Murdoch duo", "text": "LONDON: James Murdoch , who quit News International on Wednesday, will continue to assume a variety of essential corporate leadership mandates in New York, where the registered offices of News Corporation are located, with particular focus on important pay-TV businesses and broader international operations, said media baron Rupert Murdoch.However, speculation grew about James and perhaps the Murdochs facing criminal accusations in the US for their handling of affairs in the UK; and of being relieved of their control of News Corporation, which Rupert built from modest beginnings to a multi-billion dollar media conglomerate.On Monday, a senior detective at London's metropolitan police force, deputy assistant commissioner Sue Akers , told a judicial inquiry into press standards that the Sun, Murdochs' flagship tabloid in Britain, had established a \"network of corrupted officials\" and created a \"culture of illegal payments\".One journalist in this paper, according to Akers, drew more than \u00a3150,000 to pay sources.Akers maintained such activities produced \"salacious gossip\" based on the information received.Akers had predictably been attacked in the Sun after her probe resulted in arrests of 10 reporters and executives since November.But she retaliated by revealing her team was following up not the \"odd drink or meal\" with public officials, but regular disbursements of money using an internal system at News International designed to conceal the identity of those said to be receiving the payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091257", "title": "E-mutation trial run begins today in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Beginning from Thursday, the state government will start a 15-day trial run in Pune pertaining to online mutation (e-mutation) entries of land dealings and updating of land transactions. Citizens will no longer have to face delays in completion of land transactions as the e-mutation programme will enable them to get computerized notices of transactions within 15 days.The office of the director of land records and settlement commissioner has planned to undertake actual implementation of the programme at sub-registrar offices in the city once a trial run is completed successfully. The officials want to check the new programme on various parameters for the next 15 days. They say that it will be taken up for actual implementation once they are satisfied with its performance.A total of 12 offices, including the offices of the city survey, sub-registrar, circle and Talathi offices from Pune city as well as from Mulshi and Haveli talukas, have been identified for a trial run. Theses offices have been given the required software and technical support to keep them connected through a common server. Special e-mutation cells have also been established at the Tehsildar offices to undertake the mutation work.An official said that e-mutation being an online programme aims at faster and accurate delivery of documents and completion of land transactions. Once a mutation document is taken up at the sub-registrar office, it will simultaneously reflect at the Tehsildar office through a server.The Tehsildar will further check the documents and generate a notice which will be delivered to the parties concerned. The document would then go to the circle office for further entries through an online system. This process will restrict the visits of a buyer/saler to Tehsildar offices and circle offices, as the parties would receive online notice.People at present go through a tedious process and wait for four to six months to complete the mutation. The new system would restrict the delays and errors, said an official.The programme has been implemented successfully in Mulshi taluka in Pune district. There is a plan to take the programme to five other districts across the state including Nashik, Nagpur, Sindhudurg, Buldhana and Nanded. Each taluka in these districts has been allotted a fund of Rs 7 lakh for providing computers and software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091726", "title": "Deported anti-nuke activist faced lookout notice: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram strongly defended the decision to deport German national Sonnteg Reiner Hermann, although he admitted that he passed through Indian immigration despite a lookout notice and went on to stay at a lodge at Nagercoil in Tamil Nadu.Chidambaram said Hermann, deported for participating in the stir against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant, was not stopped by immigration as a \"piece of information\" was missing. An inquiry has been ordered to fix responsibility for the lapse. The German was deported to Frankfurt on Tuesday for violating the purposes for which a tourist visa had been issued.But while the home minister admitted to the slip up, he justified the government action, saying that \"There was information to show that he had links with the anti-Kudankulam stir that was not consistent with a person who had come here on a tourist visa,\" he said.\"A tourist who comes to India cannot associate with activities which are semi-political and protest activities. That is not for which a tourist visa is given,\" Chidambaram said.The manner in which the government has paid little heed to the civil society's protests over Prime Minister Manmohan Singh slamming foreign NGOs for stalling the Kudankulam plant indicates its resolve to push ahead with the project.With an expert committee appointed by the state government believed to have approved the plant's safety features, the government is awaiting a green signal from Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa who met people's movement against nuclear energy representatives on Wednesday.After work at the plant site being stalled just as the first 1000mw unit was being commissioned, the government has got tough with agitators. On Tuesday, the Central Bureau of Investigation and Tamil Nadu Police registered cases against NGOs alleged to have diverted foreign funds to promote the stir.Responding to a question whether loopholes in the immigration checks highlighted in the Pakistani-American 26/11 plotter David Headley case had not been blocked, Chidambaram said the German national was not a terrorist. \"The comparison is not right,\" he said.Sources in the home ministry said the ``look-out notice\" had been issued against Hermann in January. The German arrived in India on a tourist visa, and had been helping the protesters in contravention of the visa rules that invited the ``look-out notice\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091094", "title": "Water cut in PCMC areas today", "text": "PUNE: Several areas of Pimpri Chinchwad will not get water supply in the evening on Thursday as the water supply department will carry out repairs at the water treatment plants in Sector 23, Nigdi.The areas that will be affected include Pimpri, Chinchwadgaon, Ravet, Punawale, Kalewadi, Pimpale Nilakh, Kasarwadi, Dapodi, Phugewadi, Thergaon, Rahatni, Pimpale Saudgar, Wakad, Sangvi, Balewadi and ESI hospital. Water supply to these areas will be restored on Friday morning, but with low pressure.The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation's water supply to industrial areas of Pimpri, Chinchwad, Bhosari, Kasarwadi, Phugewadi, Nigdi, CME, R and DE(E), VSNL, Dighi, Talawade in Pimpri Chicnhwad city will be shut on Thursday. Water supply to Chakan and Dehu Road cantonment board will also be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12091215", "title": "HDMC\u2019s shame: Students fix road", "text": "HUBLI: Fed up with bumpy rides on Hubli's badly-maintained roads, some engineering students got together, transported mud and filled up potholes on one bad stretch. They now hope the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will take the hint and do the needful.Sushail Sanadi, 4th semester (civil eng) student at KLE IT College, Gokul, would pass through Deshpandenagar every day, and was upset to see the condition of Bhavaninagar Road, opposite Gujarat Bhavan, which was full of huge potholes. He expected HDMC to repair the road, but when that did not happen, Sushail decided to do something about it.He discussed the idea with some like-minded friends, and finally got support from four others. Mohamed Khalid, Bhautik Sony, Anup Shetty and Sachin Gamangatti are also doing their 4th semester civil engineering. They sought suggestions from Deshpande Foundation, which morally supported the students. The five young men collected funds from their friends and began repair work. On Monday, they got a mud contractor to bring one tractor load of mud to Bhavaninagar Road. They cleaned up the road and filled the potholes with mud. In five hours, all the potholes on 500 metres of road were filled up.Commuters and the public lauded the efforts of the students.\"Appreciating our work, the mud contractor has not taken any money from us and we received a lot of encouragement from the public. We are now planning to take up repairs of Akshaya Park Road, which is also in a very bad condition,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091198", "title": "Udupi bypoll: 23 candidates in fray", "text": "MANGALORE: Twelve persons filed nominations for the Udupi-Chikmagalur by poll on Wednesday, taking the total number of candidates to 23 and nominations to 30 on the final day.On Wednesday, apart from BJP's Sunill Kumar, nine files as independents one from Janata Dal(U) and another person from National Democratic Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092562", "title": "Cultural extravaganza 'Spandan- 2012' concludes in BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The five-day inter-faculty youth festival and annual cultural extravaganza of Banaras Hindu University 'Spandan-2012' concluded on Wednesday.The presence of folk singer Malini Awasthi brought spark to the valedictory function which witnessed a delayed start due to a group clash between students. The clash had also halted the folk dance event for some time.The students swayed on folk songs sung by the folk singer, who was also the chief guest of valedictory function.Earlier, the five-day event witnessed a number of colourful programmes on the concluding day. While a skit was performed at Swatantrata Bhawan early in the day, the amphitheatre ground remained the centre of attraction after hosting events like mimicry, colourful folk dance and tribal dance besides being the venue of valedictory function. The students from various faculties performed traditional Rajasthani, Punjabi, Gujarati dances.It may be mentioned here that a total of 21 teams from 15 faculties, Women's College, Rajiv Gandhi South Campus and affiliated colleges like Vasant Kanya Mahavidyalaya, DAV College, Arya Mahila PG College, Vasanta College Rajghat participated in the five-day cultural extravaganza of the varsity. Around 2,000 students from the varsity participated in 31 events held on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094722", "title": "A break from epic, for a cause", "text": "Director Hariharan and scriptwriter M T Vasudevan Nair have figured out their success formula in the world of period cinema. In fact, their next, Randamoozham, touted to be their magnum opus, has been in the news for a while now.However, right in the midst of all that work, the duo has decided to take a break to work on a film that highlights a social cause. The director, who is busy finalising the cast of this next film, describes it as one with, \"social significance.\" Hariharan says, \"We are in talks with sound engineer Resul Pookutty and cameraman S G Raman for the same.\" If the deal comes through, this could be Resul's second Malayalam film after being a part of Hariharan's mega-budget flick, Pazhassiraja. Meanwhile, Indrajith tweeted that he will be a part of the project. Hariharan's love for epic tales is hardly new. \"Many courageous warriors have sacrificed their lives for the country. The new generation needs to be reminded of the history of our nation and the cultural significance their lives have brought out,\" he says.About taking a break from his current project, Hariharan clarifies, \"Randamoozham is a huge project, which requires enormous background research and legwork. We can't begin on the film unless every detail is in place,\" he says, hinting that the scribe is yet to complete scripting the film based on his novel.Indrajith tweets... @Indrajith_S: What a beautiful day! Good reviews for a released movie and a call for the new MT/Hariharan movie! Thank u God n thank u one n all!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12090709", "title": "Rebel bride\u2019s dowry charge junked", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: She hit the headlines nine years ago after calling off her wedding in front of 200 guests, alleging the groom's family had demanded a massive dowry at the last minute. But on Wednesday, all the fame and media adulation Nisha Sharma cornered in 2003 seemed misplaced when a court here declared she had fabricated the dowry charges to wriggle out of the nuptials.Calling Sharma's action pre-meditated, the chief judicial magistrate at Gautam Budh Nagar district courts, Vipin Rai, acquitted all the four accused in the case - the groom Munish Dalal, his mother Vidya Dalal, his aunt Savitri Sharma, and Nisha's former classmate Navneet Rai.The court noted that there was \"insufficient evidence to prove that the demand of Rs 12 lakh had been made by the Dalal family a night before the wedding\". The witness introduced by Sharma's counsel was \"not related\" to the family and had died during the course of investigation, opening up room for \"benefit of doubt for the accused\", the CJM said. TOI has a copy of the order.After examining the evidence produced in court, the CJM ruled that Sharma was close to her classmate Navneet Rai and wished to marry him. Her family had discussed the alliance with Rai's family but it did not work out. Sharma's father then betrothed her to Dalal. The order says Sharma was unhappy with the match and had set her heart on marrying Navneet, so she cooked up the dowry story.During investigation, Rai himself had testified against Sharma. Munish Dalal had claimed at the time that Navneet met and told him about his relationship with the woman.On Wednesday, Sharma couldn't be contacted and her father DD Sharma refused to comment without seeing a copy of the order. \"I haven't seen a copy of the court's decision and I simply can't comment upon the matter until I have seen it. Nisha still doesn't know about the order and I am not going to be the one who tells her. Let the court's order come tomorrow and then we will see. But if what the media is saying is true, we will definitely be appealing against the decision,\" he said.A relieved Munish Dalal said the court had vindicated his position. \"Nine years of my life were ruined and there is nothing that can make up for it and the amount of suffering that my family and I faced as a result of this. I was a government employee and just a month shy of completing my probation, but after these allegations my whole life and career were ruined.\"Nisha Sharma and Munish Dalal would have tied the knot on May 11, 2003. But the wedding was called off when Sharma alleged the Dalals had demanded Rs 12 lakh cash and a car in dowry. She called the police and a case was registered against Munish, his mother and his aunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096080", "title": "Now, my only addiction is my family: Fardeen Khan", "text": "11 years after he was charged for the possession of cocaine, Fardeen Khan has been acquitted , albeit conditionally.\"Conditions do and have applied,\" said Fardeen in a relieved tone, his joy at being absolved by the honourable court diluted by a bereavement in the family. Said the softspoken Khan, \"There has been a death in the family, a sister died in an accident. So we are kind of mixed in our emotions right now. On the one hand there is grief on the other hand there's relief for the end of an 11-year old ordeal.\"Throwing light on the cocaine case and his acquittal Fardeen said, \"It was actually the provision under the NDPS, section 64A whereby one can apply for immunity from prosecution as long as you fight the criterion.We made an appeal according to the law under section 64 A. The honourable judge accepted our appeal. And he heard us out. My lawyer and I are truly grateful to the Judge. It takes a lot of conviction to deliver such a fair judgement.\"Fardeen seems specially proud of his lawyer. \"It is as much my victory as my lawyer Ayaz Khan's. He's been with me every step of the way for 11 years in this case.\"Now Fardeen says he has kicked all addiction except one. \"I am hopelessly addicted to my family.... My mom, sister,my wife, my in-laws, my cousins, uncles...They are my strength. They've been my support through all these trying times.\"The actor who has lately been shrouded in troubles warns against substance abuse. \"Any mind-altering substance whether it's narcotics or alcohol or prescription pills, creates a lethal dependency. Before you know it you're sucked into a downward spiral. The idea of any addiction is very damaging. People have all kinds of weird addiction, even shopping. My only addiction is the love of my family.They're my life-supporting system. Please educate yourself vis-a-vis the consequences of whatever you are experimenting with. Addiction is not cool.\"Adds Fardeen, \"It's a huge relief. If I had gone into trial it'd have meant many years of going in and out of court. Hopefully all my other problems are taken care of. We've one of the most comprehensive legal system. Sometimes it's just a question of representation. I was lucky to have a really good lawyer who put forward my case in the right perspective.\"Fardeen sums up his ordeal. \" It took them about 11 years to charge me. Once I was charged for attempting to purchase...(cocaine) I could apply for an acquittal. My case was very straightforward...Now I can go back to doing what my father brought me up to believe in. Movies. Now I can focus on acting in and making movies.\"Fardeen now prepares to do the long-delayed remake of his father's most popular hit 'Qurbani'. Says the excited star-son, \"We've just cracked the script finally. Sanjay Dutt and I have shaken hands over the project. He plays Amjad Khan's role.The rest of the cast will be locked in soon.\"Fardeen also gets ready to face the camera this year for the sequel to Anees Bazmi's 'No Entry' where he has a double role. He is aware he needs to lose weight. \"I am not blind to the excess baggage that I'm carrying around. All that will soon have to go. I'm working on it. Yes, I've had problems. Who doesn't? The important thing is to cope with the problems to the best of one's ability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090155", "title": "RPF law: Cong turns tables on Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday mocked chief ministers opposing amendment in the Railway Protection Forces (RPF) Act, asking them to knock the doors of the rail ministry which is controlled by Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress .The party tried to drive a wedge between Banerjee and other non-Congress chief ministers who have joined hands to vigorously oppose UPA government's proposal to set up the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC). Banerjee was at the forefront of opposition to NCTC.\"Those chief ministers who have a problem with the RPF amendment would be well served if they were to take it up with the railways which is the nodal ministry in this regard,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said when asked whether the TMC chief was practicing politics of convenience by remaining silent on the RPF issue when her party had joined non-Congress parties in opposing NCTC.Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik and J Jayalalitha have opposed the RPF amendment bill claiming that it would destroy the federal structure of the Constitution. But this time, Banerjee is in the line of fire as the chief ministers have asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to instruct the railway ministry not to proceed with the \"anti-federal\" move.Congress distanced itself from the controversy and left the rail ministry to defend itself. \"It is not appropriate for me to answer on behalf of our allies,\" Tewari said.During Banerjee's tenure as railway minister, the proposal to amend RPF Act to give the paramilitary force policing power was moved. It got a push after her party colleague Dinesh Trivedi took over as minister.TOI was the first to report that another stand-off was building between the Centre and non-Congress ruled states over the issue.Ties between Congress and Trinamool have been under strain with Banerjee leaving no opportunity to embarrass the UPA government over issues ranging from petrol price hike, FDI in multi-brand retail, Lokpal bill and Teesta river water-sharing with Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091960", "title": "After PM, CEC logs on to Twitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief election commissioner has finally 'surrendered' to the social media website Twitter.CEC SY Quraishi on Wednesday thanked the youth of the country and his son for it. Posting his maiden tweet , Quraishi, the head of the Election Commission, wrote, \"At last, I have surrendered to twitter! Thanks to my son @mustafaquraishi and the youth of India for inspiring me.\"In opening a Twitter account, Quraishi has followed in the footsteps of the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , whose office now makes it a point to keep the followers posted of all major happenings in the PMO. When asked about the reasons behind his opening an account on the website, Quraishi said, \"It is part of our efforts to reach out to voters and create awareness.\"He said, \"We need to reach out to voters of all ages and classes. Social media is the latest media. This was earlier left out. We are trying to fill up that gap now.\"Quraishi added that voter education is imperative in making elections successful and meaningful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "12090965", "title": "School clerk charged with harassing girls in Kolar", "text": "KOLAR: A high school clerk has been allegedly sexually harassing Class IX girls at the Government Girls' High School at Pulagurakote in Srinivasapur taluk of Kolar district. Sanjay, who is a probationary second division clerk at the school, was caught red-handed while he was with a girl of the school on Tuesday evening. The school was closed on account of the nationwide bandh.Mohammed Khaleel, block education officer, Srinivasapur, said there had been many complaints of alleged sexual harassment against the clerk.On Tuesday, no staff members were present at the school. Sanjay took advantage of the presence of a couple of girl students and allegedly asked one of them to accompany him to a nearby room. Some villagers noticed this, caught hold of him and beat him black &amp; blue. The matter was brought to the BEO's notice.The BEO told TOI that on Tuesday, villagers asked him to rush to the village as they had caught the clerk red-handed. After hearing their comments, the officer recorded the versions of the members of the School Development Monitoring Committee ( SDMC), headmistress and some girl students. The BEO said he'd submit his report to the Deputy Director of Public Instructions, Kolar.Khaleel said Sanjay, who hails from Mandya, had taken a room on rent and would invite girls to his room on one or the other pretext, and misbehave with them. At the school, he was asked to handle a class a couple of times by the English teacher. He took advantage of this and misbehaved with the girls. The BEO has sought a clarification from the teacher. Kolar DDPI Govindaiah said he would take action once the BEO's report reaches him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091775", "title": "Cong leaders involved in misusing NRHM funds: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the NRHM scam in Uttar Pradesh becoming an election issue and the Mayawati government accused of usurping central funds, BJP has alleged that central Congress leaders are involved in misusing funds mean for the rural health mission in several other states.The party, in fact, plans to take up the issue in the upcoming budget session of Parliament in a big way.Addressing a meeting of party workers in Moradabad on Wednesday, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said UP may have stirred the hornet's nest in case of the NRHM scam but soon, the Congress's involvement in this would be revealed when Parliament opened. He said BJP had collected evidence against central Congress leaders who were linked to misuse of health mission funds in different states.The BJP is believed to have collected data about Congress leaders, some of them ministers, who have disbursed central funds for NRHM in various states through people related to them.If the BJP comes up with a new dimension to the NRHM scam, it will add to the list of scams linked to the UPA government, like 2G, Commonwealth Games etc that are already being investigated and could sully the image of the Manmohan Singh government further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090929", "title": "\u2018Took to crime for fun, easy money\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The gang that Prashant Tomar belonged to has four members and are all allegedly well-educated. According to the police, the gang members were into crime for fun and easy money.The main accused, 26-year-old Tomar, is married and has a two-year-old daughter. He lived in a rented accommodation in Khandsa village. His father has a transport business in Mathura, said the police.After the arrest of the software engineer, many surprising facts have come to light. The mastermind of the gang bought his new Hyundai Eon car on February 6 and registered it on February 12 in the name of his mother, Jamuna Devi. He came to Gurgaon in his car on Valentine's Day and just after four days began his journey of crime with his three friends, Vijay, Dinesh and Ballu, said the police.Their first victim was one Deepak, a salesman of a private firm near IFFCO Chowk. After offering him a lift, they beat him up brutally. But since Deepak had no money in his pocket, they demanded a ransom of Rs 5 lakh from his family.Deepak managed to give them a slip near Palwal. The gang members also managed to dodge the police.After a week, they again offered lift to Parmanand, but since he resisted, they had to kill him, said the police. A police officer said that the gang used to put drugs in their victims' pockets and throw them at desolate places.A police officer said that the main accused was getting VIP treatment at AIIMS because of his influential father. \"We have deployed teams to look out for the other accused in the case. We hope to arrest them as soon as possible,\" said Hamid Akhtar, DCP (south).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090650", "title": "How can 70cr voters be expected to check names on voter list? asks Kejriwal", "text": "PANAJI: In a virtual riposte to Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh, team Anna member Arvind Kejrival said it would be unfair to expect 70 crore voters to check if their names were on the voter list.Kejriwal, who had gone to vote in the Uttar Pradesh assembly election on Tuesday, discovered to his dismay that his name was missing from the electoral roll.Singh, a known team Anna baiter, had tweeted \"Great protectors of probity in public life. Anna (Hazare) doesn't go to vote. Kejriwal doesn't care to see if he is registered as a voter\". Kejriwal said he cannot understand why he was being blamed for not being able to cast his vote.The anti-corruption crusader, who along with Kiran Bedi, Manish Sisodia and other team Anna members is addressing well-attended public meetings in Goa - which votes on March 3 - said \"I had a voter card. I went to vote. But my name wasn't there (on the voter list).\"\"Every time I voted (in the past) my name was there. How can I assume my name would not be there this time? \" Kejriwal asked.When asked why he had not checked if his name was on the list before the election, Kejriwal retorted \"How should I know they deleted my name? Where is it written that I should check (if my name is on the electoral roll)? Do you expect 70 crore voters to go and verify if their names are on the list?\" \"My job is to enter my name (on the voter list) once,\" he added.Expressing concern on the deletion of names being a systematic failure, Kejriwal said \"My father went in the morning, but he could not vote. I went but could not vote (either). There were many people who were standing with me and had their voter cards but could not vote as their names were not on the list.\"Kejriwal told TOI that he would have utilized the 49-0 option (protest vote) if his name was on the list and he was able to vote. \"I would have utilized the 49-0 option, as I could not find any party that could solve the problems of my Ghaziabad, my state (UP) and the country,\" the former IRS official said.Kejriwal, however, sought to shift the focus from himself.\"In this whole issue, I am not important. I should be the focus,\" said Kejriwal, adding that this would divert attention from the real problems in the country.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090867", "title": "Govt to develop Shaktipeeth circuit in state", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to develop new 'Shaktipeeth' tourist circuit for which a consultant has been appointed to prepare a detailed project report (DPR). State tourism minister Sunil K Pintu on Wednesday announced in the Bihar Legislative Council that all the 'Shaktipeeth' temples spread over in different parts of the state would be covered in the circuit.Replying to a question of Baleshwar Singh Bharati of the BJP, Pintu said that tourists would have an opportunity to visit famous 'Shaktipeeth' temples, including the one at Thawe (Gopalganj) and Ugra Tara temple (Saharsa), through a conducted tour in luxury buses.The minister said that tourists would also be able to visit West Bengal's famous Tarapeeth temple through a conducted tour of 'Shaktipeeth' temples from Bihar.In another question of Neeraj Kumar of the JD(U), Pintu said that the government is committed to develop Ramayana circuit in a phase-wise manner. In the first phase, a consultant would be appointed to prepare a DPR of all the sites associated with the Ramayana. A famous village, Sitamarhi, at Meskaur block in Nawada district would also be considered in the Ramayana circuit. This circuit would be developed in the state on the basis of both archaeological as well as mythological places associated with the Ramayana, he said.Pintu, while replying to Basudeo Singh of the CPM, said that all the ancient religious places would be developed for attracting tourists. He said that famous Tripur Sundari temple, Indraeshwar Mahadeo temple, Bankhandi, Hanuman mandir, Lali Pahari mandir, Ringi Rishi, Jallapa Asthan (all in Lakhisarai) are also important religious places from tourist point of view.To develop another ancient place, Sikrigarh, in Purnia district, the tourism minister said: \"We have written a letter to the DM, Purnia, asking him to send a proposal to develop this ancient site.\" This is one of the important tourist places of Purnia district, he said while replying to the calling attention motion of Ramchandra Prasad of the RJD.In reply to Mahachandra Prasad Singh of the JD(U), Pintu said that Sitakund in Munger district is one of the famous tourist sites in the state. Conservation work here is being done by the department of art and culture. After the completion of conservation work, basic infrastructure and civic amenities would be developed, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089874", "title": "Schoolgirl kidnapped at Shamshabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A class VI student of GMR Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Shamshabad, was kidnapped while she was on her way to school on Wednesday.Police said K Anusha, 12, daughter of a businessman, left home in the morning to board her school bus. Later her parents realized that she had not even gone to school when her brother informed them that Anusha was not present in her class. While the parents were searching for the girl, Kishtaiah, the father, received a call from an unidentified person in the afternoon claiming that Anusha was in his custody.Kistaiah tried to call back, but the cell phone was switched off. Kistaiah passed the information on to local police.Some locals told police that Anusha was seen getting into a car near her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090488", "title": "Sibal\u2019s good-luck note charms Class XI kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Class XI students of CBSE schools got an unusual best of luck wish just before taking the final exams this week. These students who were the first batch to clear Class X under the new continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) scheme received personalized letters from none other than human resource development minister Kapil Sibal wishing them a bright future.\"My Dear... Congratulations! I have been informed about your performance in Class X during 2010-11 and I am sure your parents are feeling proud of you. You are special to the country as you belong to the first batch that completed Class X under CCE scheme,\" Sibal says in the letter.Many schools received the letter dated January 31, 2012, few days before Class XI finals, slated for this week in most schools. Each student has been addressed individually, connecting the highest decision-maker in the department concerned and the ultimate beneficiary at the ground level - students.\"What you need to do now is to consolidate your performance and do even better in future. And yes, never ever think of leaving studies even if your parents are unable to afford your fee. In that situation, please do not hesitate to write to me,\" Sibal advises the students.The minister also asked the students never to forget their roots and values and their duties towards society. \"Always remember your roots; flourish and prosper but never forget your parents, teachers, community and your country. I wish you success in Class XI examinations and a joyful and prosperous 2012.\"The principal of Ahlcon International, Mayur Vihar, Ashok Pandey, said, \"Perhaps for the first time, a minister has taken such an initiative. He has also raised important issues. A categorical assurance to the students to write to him directly in case their parents are not able to afford their education is thoughtful. His exhortation to the students to never forget their roots duties towards society is also well timed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12091571", "title": "Cops nab mobile thieves", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police personnel arrested two engineering students and an autorickshaw driver on Tuesday evening on charges of stealing motorcycles and mobile phones. The policemen also recovered six stolen mobile phones and two motorcycles from the accused.Personnel of Division no 7 police station arrested the students Gagandeep Singh, 21, of Tibba Road and Sanjeev Kumar, 21, of Hoshiarpura's Takrala village. The two were studying in Lala Lajpat Rai Engineering College, Moga. Cops also nabbed their associate Sanjeev Kumar Verma, 20, a resident of Kabir Nagar.The students confessed that they had fallen in bad company and got addicted to drugs. Additional deputy commissioner of police Sushil Kumar said the accused said they had been stealing since 2009 to make money for buying drugs and to bear the expenses of their girlfriends.Sushil also said they have cracked the murder mystery of Surjeet Singh, a security guard who was killed on February 15. We have arrested two of his colleagues, Parvesh Kumar, who belongs to Madhubani, Bihar , and Radhe Shyam, of Partapgarh, Uttar Pradesh. Investigation revealed Parvesh used to steal from the factory they were working in.When Surjeet came to know about it he started blackmailing Parvesh for money, which led to the murder. A case has been registered against the accused, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090588", "title": "National leaders help pick up campaign pace", "text": "PANAJI: The entry of star campaigners of major political parties has quickened the tempo of the campaigning in the state for the Goa assembly elections after almost ten days of quiet and discreet canvassing by candidates and their supporters.The national leaders of three national parties, Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) descended on the scene, infusing some life and colour into an otherwise calm campaign restricted to door-to-door canvassing.A host of political heavyweights boosted the Congress campaign in the final phase. Kicking off the last phase was All India Congress committee president Sonia Gandhi at a public meeting at Fatorda on Saturday.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressed a public meeting on Wednesday at SanquelimThose who followed were Delhi chief minister Sheila Dixit, who addressed public meetings Navelim and Benaulim. Former India cricket captain and MP Mohammad Azharuddin held road shows at Ponda, Margao, Panaji and Aldona. Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy urged Keralites in Goa to vote.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, union minister for power Sushilkumar Shinde, Union ministers Rajesh Pilot, Jyotiraditya Scindia and MP Raj Babbar also came to Goa for the campaign trail.The BJP has also lined up fire brand national leaders to compete with the Congress campaign. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj, deputy opposition in the Lok Sabha Gopinath Munde, senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh, Venkaiah Naidu, Shahnawaz Hussain, Smriti Irani addressed public meetings in Panjim, Ponda Quepem, Canacona, Margao, Savordem, Sanguem and ShirodaNationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and Union minister Praful Patel took part in door-to-door campaigning in Porvorim constituency. Maharashtra home minister R R Patil also addressed the public meeting in Tivim and Sanguem constituency. Chhangan Bhujbal and NCP supremo Sharad Pawar's daughter and MP Supriya Sule addressed a meeting in Bardez taluka.TC leaders also hit the campaign trial with Union ministers Mukul Roy, Sultan Ahmed, MP Rajya Sabha K D Singh and Maria Fernandes, coordinator for Goa state, addressing meetings.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090103", "title": "Chief minister to seek Rajya Sabha seat for tycoon GVK Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's wish list of nominations for the four Rajya Sabha vacancies that are slated to fall vacant in March-April is said to include powerful businessman Gunapati Venkata Krishna Reddy, popularly known as GVK Reddy.Of the six vacancies that will arise, based on the strength of the AP assembly, the Congress can bag four while the TDP can account for the remaining two seats. The other names that Kiran Kumar Reddy is reportedly in favour of are that of Chiranjeevi and Renuka Chowdhary. \"Both these leaders have been promised a RS nomination by the Congress high command. For the fourth seat, the CM is not averse to former minister Md Shabbir Ali. But those who are retiring as well as others leaders too are lobbying for the upper house ticket. So, finally, it will be New Delhi's call,\" said Congress sources.The four vacancies that the Congress can bag will arise due to the retirement of Dasari Narayana Rao, G Sanjeeva Reddy, Rashid Alvi and K Keshava Rao. According to the sources, the Congress high command is not keen on re-nominating Keshava Rao and Narayana Rao, while it has still not taken a decision on Sanjeeva Reddy and Alvi, the sources added.Sanjeeva Reddy, the national president of INTUC, the trade union wing of the Congress, is said to be in the good books of the high command and is confident of securing a second term. Sanjeeva Reddy is banking on the support of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as his trade union wing played a key role in Pranab's win from Jangipur Lok Sabha constituency in 2009. Besides, the high command is said to be favourably viewing his re-nomination on the grounds that he maintained a neutral stance during the Telangana agitation, the sources said.But with many other powerful Reddys also in the fray, Kiran Kumar wants to further queer the pitch for them by backing G V Krishna Reddy, the sources claimed. Apparently, the CM and GVK Reddy have become very close these days and that it is claimed that Kiran Kumar even sidelined his minister DL Ravindra Reddy to hand over the state funded '108' ambulance service to the GVK group.In the case of Uttar Pradesh Congress leader Rashid Alvi, he has already served eight years as Rajya Sabha member from the state and AICC general secretary in-charge of AP Ghulam Nabi Azad is reportedly opposing a third term for Alvi. If the Congress high command decides to drop Alvi, then, another leader from the Muslim minority will be given the Rajya Sabha seat. It is in this hope that Kiran Kumar is pitching for Shabbir Ali, the sources said.The Congress already has representation from SC and ST communities from the state in the Rajya Sabha. JD Seelam, Nandi Yallaiah and Ratna Bai are representing these communities. So, this time, the Congress is planning to give one ticket to the Kamma community which has not been nominated to the upper house by the Congress since since 1992.Navabharat group chairman Alluri Sarva Raya Choudari was the last person from the Kamma community to be sent to the RS by the Congress. From this community, the name of Renuka Choudhary, who is also holding the post of the party official spokesperson, is under consideration. When MPs including Kavuri Sambasiva Rao and Rayapati Sambasiva Rao expressed their displeasure over the non-importance given by the Congress to their community, nominating Renuka is likely to soothe the Kamma community. If it is decided not to give the seat to Renuka, then a leader from the BC communities from the Andhra region would be considered, the party sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12091529", "title": "Sarabha Nagar takes charge", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Inspired by TOI's campaign against the brutal axing of trees in Sarabha Nagar, residents of the posh colony have decided to take matters in their own hands and save environment. To start with, the residents have decided to organize a flower show in the areas gurdwara and will then take responsibility of developing public parks. The best park management committee (PMC) will be awarded.On Wednesday, residents organized a press conference to announce that the flower show will be held at the Sarabha Nagar gurdwara on March 4. President of the gurdwara committee J S Sandhu said, The flower show is being organized for the first time and our main aim is to create awareness among residents of area to take initiative in saving the green cover of our city. It is open for everybody and we particularly encourage amateurs to participate.S S Chana, a retired Indian Forest Officer and city-based environmentalist, said, Since MC has failed in performing its duty of maintaining the green cover it is the responsibility of residents to join hands and do something. In the name of pruning, trees have been axed that is adversely affecting our environment.Sarabha Nagar residents plan to include their personal gardens in the flower show competitions from next year and award the best garden. Apart from this, residents will carry out a cycle rally on March 14, to mark Sikh Global Day that is celebrated in the memory of Guru Har Rai, the seventh Sikh guru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092064", "title": "State draws up strike absentee list", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government is compiling a list of those who were absent on the bandh day.Chinmay Chakraborty, joint secretary of the state home (political) department , has written to all department authorities to submit the list of absentees by 5pm on Wednesday. By evening, the list was prepared by each of the departments, and sent to the home (political) department. At Writers' Buildings, 1,295 employees were absent on Tuesday, which is 16% of the total strength of Writers' .Officials say the state government may not take any \"immediate\" action like break in service as the CM said two days before the strike. \"There would be no immediate action against those who were absent, but the list may be relevant for future use,\" said an official.Even though the CM had claimed that 98% of the employees were present at Writers' on Tuesday, according to the list compiled, 84% of employees had attended work.The total number of employees at Writers' Buildings is 8,031 of which 1,510 are Group A officers. On Tuesday , 1,330 of them had turned up for work, which is 88% of the officer strength.Group B and C comprise 5,011 employees of whom 4,141 were present (83%). Of the 1,510 group D employees , 1,265 were there (84%).However, it is still not clear what \"action\" could be taken against the 1,295 employees who did not attend work at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday . The CM had said that this had not yet been decided.Transport minister Madan Mitra had threatened that the state employees who failed to be in their workplaces , would face a break in service that may eventually affect their promotions . Following such \"threats\" , attendance was unprecedented at Writers' on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12091839", "title": "Astronaut Sunita Williams chats up city students", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was clear from the outset that Sunita Williams was in an ebullient mood. In what was slated as a historic evening at GR Damodaran College of Science, the only astronaut of Indian origin to have walked in space took questions on everything from life in the International Space Station (ISS) to sacrifices she had made to get to the top.\"It is quite an honour to be here. I am intimidated and humbled by such a large gathering,\" said Sunita to a thunderous applause from the15,000-strong gathering at the auditorium, comprising mostly school and college students.Introducing herself briefly, Sunita said her father was from Gujarat and had met her mother in the US. \"I had the luxury of having spicy food at home. Samosas are my absolute favourite.She also spoke about her upcoming mission to the station, where she will concentrate on science experiments. She was accompanied by Japanese and Russian astronauts. \"A space station is like a house. Once in a while, we have to go out to fix things. That's when we have to space walk and it is an incredible experience. When you look out of the windows and see the world in 3D, your perspective changes,\" she said.Describing her first experience in space, she said she was nervous. \"It is unsettling to see the planet move past you so fast. The first time this happened, I clung on to the space station and had to tell myself that nothing would go wrong,\" she said.Asked about the stringent process in NASA in selecting astronauts for a mission, Sunita said she herself was part of the selection process in 2009 and can throw light on the subject. \"They look for leadership qualities and specific skill sets. Then, there is the medical aspect. You have to be in good shape. Up in space, we get on the treadmill and lift weights. Out of thousands of applicants, only a few get past and they all have multiple degrees and are chemists, physicists and other scientists,\" she said. \"It can be stressful in space and is nice to get on a treadmill to break the tedium,\" she said.Sunita also talked briefly about having the most expensive wardrobe on the planet. \"It is true that each of my suits cost millions of dollars,\" she said.Asked if she would go on a one-way trip to Mars , the astronaut said, \"Yes, I would; If it would serve humanity, most definitely.\"She said that being away from her daughter was one of the biggest sacrifices she had to make, besides being unable to take a proper shower on the ISS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091463", "title": "MERI asks blast victims to move out of its quarters", "text": "NASHIK: Residents of Saptashringi Apartments, who are temporarily housed in Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI) quarters after being displaced by a blast in their building, have been asked to vacate the quarters.The victims, who have received a notice from MERI, have not received any communication from the town planning department of the state or the collectorate. The letter, issued on February 23, stated that the deadline given by the collector for the victims is on February 28, and that residents would have to make alternative arrangements for their stay from the next day. \"Why this letter when we are yet to receive communication from the government,\" asked a resident.The June 8, 2011 blast, caused by illegally stored explosives, ripped through the building damaging the concrete structure and tore off the staircase. The blast left 40 members of nine families homeless. MERI, which was reluctant to allow the victims to move in, did so only after the collector intervened. The rehabilitation was to be temporary till aid was received.\"Several months have passed after the announcement made by minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav, but we are still waiting to see that piece of paper indicating that we will at least get a house,\" one of the victims, Deepak Shinde, said.\"We are not waiting her life-long. We have only taken shelter till we get our own house. We are begging for justice, not alms. Rightfully, our house should be constructed again and we only want help,\" said Santosh Shukla, another resident of the apartment.There are over 20 buildings in the MERI quarters, of which all, except the ones in which the victims are staying in, are vacant. The residents said they failed to understand why MERI was pushing them out despite there being no pressure to provide houses for its employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091575", "title": "Dogs to flaunt their style on catwalk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Happy wagging tails will soon set the stage on fire!Panchkula will see man's best friend sashaying down the ramp. As the pooches put their best paw forward in their glamorous avatars, the fashion show will give away prizes under various categories. There will be an award for dogs in best accessories, hair cut, coat and dress. And yes, their style and looks will also win a crown.Behind-the-ramp men, that is, their handlers too will be judged. There will be special prizes in the category of \"best women handler\" and \"best junior handler\".While regular dog shows judge canines on the basis of their temperament, agility and looks, as per the standards set by Kennel Club of India (KCI), this show will focus on their dressing and addressing skills.The show will be organized on March 25 by Pet Medical Center (PMC), managed by the Haryana animal husbandry department that had recently organized a fashion show for 'Murrah' buffaloes.About the event, in-charge of PMC Dr M R Singla said, \"A large numbers of pet owners love to dress up their dogs in stylish clothes, decorate them with ornaments, accessories and spend huge amounts on their hair cut and shiny coats. But their efforts are hardly appreciated in the pet shows. Routine dog shows are dominated by the breeders... we aim at entertaining people and encouraging the efforts of the pet owners.\"Ecstatic over the show, S N Roy, a Chandigarh resident who has a cocker spaniel, said, \"Such events encourage pet lovers, especially those who have breeds like cocker spaniel, beagle, pomeranian, Lhasa apso and shih tzu, as there, they can present their personality.\"Another Chandigarh resident and owner of a Beagle Anil Chaurasia said, \"Such shows are common in foreign countries and are organized during weekends. I am sure the dog fashion show will be a huge hit and Tricity residents will love it.\"Dog breeders Dr A P S Mangat and A I S Bhinder from Ludhiana will be the judges of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090117", "title": "6 duped in job fraud, AI denies role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six persons from Moradabad reached Delhi on Wednesday morning and headed for Air India's office. This was to be their first day of work with the airline, a job they had secured after responding to a pamphlet advertisement they saw in a book shop in Moradabad. They had paid Rs 26,000 each for their appointment. However, their hopes were dashed when the airline informed them that they had been duped and no jobs had been advertised by them.Delhi Police has registered a case against unknown persons for the fraud. Based on preliminary investigation, police claim that Air India employees are involved in the job racket.\"The six men read the pamphlet advertising jobs with Air India and some other private airlines in a book shop at Moradabad. After they sent their applications to the given address, they all received calls. After a telephonic interview, they were called again and asked to deposit Rs 26,000 in a bank account. A few days later, they received joining letters that asked them to report to the airline's Delhi office on Wednesday,\" said police sources.When Air India denied having even advertised for jobs, the matter was reported to police. \"Based on the information on the letters they received, we have found the letters were dispatched from a New Gurgaon post office. We also have the address the men wrote to when applying for the jobs and the account number into which the money was deposited,\" said senior police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12092018", "title": "It\u2019s summer in the city", "text": "Your winter wardrobe needs a revamp, for the simple reason that summer has set in, in Bangalore. With mercury touching 35.4 degrees Celsius on Tuesday afternoon, the city already recorded the highest maximum temperature in the past seven years. At 35 degrees, Wednesday too remained hot and dry. And going by the weatherman's words, there'll be no respite from the heat in the next two days as well.It's not for the first time that Bangalore has registered such high temperatures in February. \"On February 17, 2005, the city recorded 35.9 degrees Celsius. On an average, maximum temperature fluctuates between 31 and 35 degrees in February and March. The peak of summer is experienced only in April-end or May first week, when the mercury soars at around 37 degrees Celsius,\" said B Puttanna, director, Bangalore meteorological department.Puttanna reminded that Bangalore being a hill station escapes severe heat wave which blows through the plains of Karnataka. \"Plains register a maximum of 40-42 degrees Celsius in summer,\" he said.Meteorologist MB Rajegowda said absence of rain for long has lead to an early summer in Bangalore this year. \"The city received its last monsoon showers in October. North-east monsoon was not very active this year and cyclone showers cannot be counted as monsoon. Less rainfall has led to more radiation and heat wave. Temperature started rising since the second week of January and will continue to do so till the third week of March,\" he said.Puttanna also blamed low humidity and clear skies for the hot spell. \"Dry/hot wind blowing from land and clear skies reduce moisture in the air and the weather becomes hot,\" said Puttanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12091297", "title": "MCC\u2019s initiative pays off; 65 students complete diploma", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation's efforts to empower kids of civic workers has finally paid off. The civic body had funded Rs 45 lakh to train 73 youths, who are the children of pourakarmikas, in sanitary works. Sixty five of them have completed their diploma in sanitary inspection and will now receive their degree certificates from chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Saturday.The MCC assigned the training to Mumbai-based All India Institute of Local Self Government to select 73 youths. \"These students were trained in Belgaum. Among the trainees, one is a woman, and they all are now entitled to get jobs,\" corporation commissioner K S Raykar said.\"This is the first such effort shown by any local body in the country,\" he said. The civic body is ready to fund the training of other pourakarmikas' kids, he stated. \"Though it is an 18-month course, it was tailor-made to suit the needs of these kids and the duration was reduced to one year. The course material was translated into Kannada and then taught to them,\" he explained.Mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna said the CM will extend Rs 5,000 financial assistance to 75 theatre artists and hand over house keys to 725 beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090047", "title": "City goes walker friendly, trees choke", "text": "NEW DELHI: The state of trees in the city is \"abysmal\", say environmentalists. Recently, NGO Kalpvriksha surveyed Delhi's trees, covering areas from Ramlila Maidan to Dhaula Kuan, including Paharganj, Anand Parbat, North Campus, Rajghat, Vikas Marg and Moti Bagh and found that most trees are either diseased or dead, top heavy due to incorrect lopping or suffocating due to concretization around roots.With Delhi planning to become a pedestrian-friendly city, questions are being raised about the city's policy of extensive tiling and cementing on sidewalks that will ring the death knell for the city's green cover.Prabhakar Rao, a Kalpavriksha member who surveyed these stretches, says they encountered two main problems. \"Most trees we saw were either dead or diseased. One major issue is, of course, tiling or cementing around the trees. There is a court order against this but nothing seems to be deterring government agencies from building pavements using tiles and sand stone that let no water permeate to the ground. If pedestrian movement is not heavy on a particular road, why does the government need to tile it? Secondly, while making these pavements, the agencies are not giving a second thought to the trees already in the way. Their roots are being lopped and they are being left without any support,\" he said.The second problem is that of lopping the tree cover, making them top heavy and, hence, susceptible to toppling over. \"There is indiscriminate lopping of trees for reasons as silly as need for sunlight. Several trees do not take well to lopping and will not grow properly if cut. One example is Gulmohar that will sprout some green but never any branches from where it is cut. Neem is another such tree. Civic bodies also don't take into consideration the flowering season of trees before chopping them down,\" said Rao.Saving trees from concretization is not only the responsibility of the government. New constructions coming up across the city are equally unmindful of trees when cementing or tiling driveways and parking lots. In Sarvodaya Enclave, residents have been marching to new houses coming up and fighting for the trees that are getting choked. \"The forest department has come here and warned house-owners and contractors of strict action but as soon as their backs are turned, they go back to business as usual,\" said Padmavati Dwivedi, a resident.Anumita Roychowdhury, heading the Centre for Science and Environment's Right to Clean Air programme, says that with the city now moving towards encouraging pedestrian movement, it is essential for the government to formulate holistic street-design guidelines. \"Both walking and cycling tracks need to be built. While cycle tracks need to be paved, walking would require a smooth surface but need not be fully tiled. Creation of green stretches and use of porous material for paving ways are also essential. Guidelines already exist but it needs to be seen whether they are being followed. Probably the entire sidewalk infrastructure needs to be overhauled to incorporate these issues,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna ", "code": "12090789", "title": "East Central Railway to run Holi special trains", "text": "PATNA : The East Central Railway (ECR) will run special trains on the occasion of Holi on Rajendra Nagar Terminal - Saharsa and Sitamarhi - Dhanbad routes from March 2 to 14 to clear rush of passengers.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha , the Patna-Saharsa special train ( 03255-03256 ) will leave Rajendra Nagar Terminal at 11.55 pm every day between March 2 and 14 and reach Saharsa next morning at 6 am. On its return journey, it will leave Saharsa at 7 am and reach the Rajendra Nagar terminal the same day at 11.30 am, he said.Similarly, the railways would run a special train on Sitamarhi-Dhanbad route ( 03349-03450 ) between March 2 and 14 to cater to the needs of passengers during the festival. While it will leave Sitamarhi at 9.40 pm, it will reach Dhanbad next morning at 10.25 am. On its return journey, it will leave Dhanbad at 8.05 am and reach Sitamarhi the same day at 8.05 pm, the CPRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12091985", "title": "SFI stir on March 2 to oppose provincialization", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Students' Federation of India (SFI) on Wednesday said it will stage a protest on March 2 to highlight their concerns over lack of government action against alleged discrepancies being made in the name of Assam Venture Educational (government provincilisation) Institutions Act, 2011.At a press conference held here on Wednesday, the students' body said about 70 per cent of teachers are on the verge of losing their jobs in the name of provincialization. It stated that the government, in spite of protests, didn't take any measures for which seven are being forced to take the path of suicide.The students' body demanded permanent employment of teachers under Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) and stop mushrooming of private educational institutions. It said it will send a memorandum to AGP, BJP and AIUDF and that the body will take note of the situation in the coming sessions of the assembly.\"We want the government to take note of the educational scenario in the state. In the name of TET, there will be no permanent employment of teachers and the appointment will be on contractual basis, which is totally unacceptable. By doing so, there will be no imparting of quality education,\" said Ritu Ranjan Das, the SFI secretary (Assam).\"Besides, we want the government to take control of the private educational institutions as they are exploiting students by charging fees according to theirs wish. It has been see that in some districts, there has been no free distribution of textbooks to students,\" added Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089840", "title": "Bharat Dynamics Limited signs MoU with BITS-Pilani", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) and Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani (Bits-Pilani) on Wednesday signed an MoU for a period of five years with the objective of fostering academic and research interaction between the two institutions.The MoU was signed by Prof Bijendra Nath Jain, vice-chancellor, Bits-Pilani and Dr N K Raju, executive director, (P&A;), BDL which is a Government of India enterprise under the ministry of defence .The two institutions will engage in collaborative research in areas that may include digital image processing, embedded systems, VLSI design, information security and management, seeker technologies, design and manufacturing engineering and allied field.BDL will also provide necessary support to create a centre of excellence in Bits-Pilani, Hyderabad campus. Bits-Pilani, will provide the necessary space and basic amenities required for creation and functioning of the centre.According to a press note, Bits-Pilani will continue to design and operate educational programmes to meet the learning and development needs of BDL through its work integrated learning programmes (WILP). BDL may sponsor its employees for enrolment in ME/MS/Ph D programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091610", "title": "A leap into celebrations", "text": "Wednesday was all it promised to be for Ludhianvis celebrating leap year birthdays and wedding anniversaries. There were many surprises, a lot of cake cutting and excitement throughout the day. TOI traced them through the month and joined the party on the big dayWednesday was special for Amrinder Singh, who usually does not like celebrating his birthday, but had a party on the insistence of friends. Giving in to public demand worked well for him as Amrinder confessed that he had a great time. A resident of Mahaveer Nagar he celebrated in Jagraon, where his parents stay. I had a blast as my friends gathered and also brought a birthday cake for me. My parents prayed for me and blessed me with a bright future. I never wanted to celebrate my birthday but when my friends insisted I agreed and enjoyed a lot, he said.Vanshika Verma, who turned eight on Wednesday, was happy to have her second actual birthday. Her father Vinay Verma and mother Meenu had booked a restaurant in Sarabha Nagar market for the occasion and invited all her classmates and relatives.Harinder Singh was sure that his family had some surprise lined up for him but what he saw was more than he had expected. All my relatives came to celebrate with me at our home in Dugri. As I cut a cake there was loud applause and everyone came to wish me personally. After we relished the cake everyone from the youngest to the eldest danced, said Harinder, who turned 44.When 20-year-old Jagraj Singh went to college on Wednesday, he was whisked off to a spot where friends had gathered and a cake was waiting. I cut the cake and then we went to a friend's home where we freaked out with loud music playing, said Jagraj.Anayata Taneja's parents wanted her fourth birthday to be very special so they hired a bus and along with some close relatives they travelled to Nainital, where a farmhouse was booked. We played games, had a bonfire and danced around it. The celebration was perfect, said Vishal, her father.Model town-resident Pritpal Singh celebrated his 66th birthday in his educational institute with staff members in the morning and in the evening there was big bash with his loved ones. The birthday wishes had started coming in as soon as the clock struck 12. I am glad that so many people love me so much that they do not forget my birthday and wish me. But I missed my two daughters who could not come, he said.Satwinder Singh had to overcome his fear and enjoy a party on his first birthday since his marriage. The Pakhowal Road-resident said he was very hesitant about celebrating his birthday because he had been meeting with accidents every leap year. But everybody, especially my wife Sunita, insisted on having a party so I agreed. However, I had decided much in advance that it would not be a big party so there was small get together at our house, he added.School exams played spoilsport and upset the grand party plans that Bharat and Babita Bhushan of Chander Nagar and Jasjeet Chawla and Satwinder Kaur of SBS Nagar had for their anniversaries. We were keen on a big bash for our 20th wedding anniversary but schools issued datesheets for final exams and we could not take a risk. Finally, there was a small party at our home only where only a few close family friends joined us, said Bharat.Satwinder said it was their 12th anniversary but all their plans were washed off because both their kids' exams were to start on March 1. We had to restrict celebrations to cutting a cake at home, she said.Born on February 29, 1972, businessman Rajnish Mahajan of Guru Angad Dev Nagar in Samrala Chowk celebrated his 40th birthday with colleagues at office, followed by a dinner with family in the evening.Rajnish Mahajan, who works as an assistant manager (purchases) in a mill factory, partied with co-workers Sunil Mishra, Sandeep Rana, Bhajan, Gurinder Singh and Sahil Sharma. He then planned to take his family including wife Meenu Mahajan, son Yugam and daughter Ridhi on an enjoyable dinner. Born on the special day, Rajeev Mehra of Atam Nagar, who owns a cloth showroom in Chaura Bazaar, celebrated at Seven Spices. Besides his wife Seema Mehra and daughter Vasudha, his son Sahil, who works in Delhi, made the day extra special by reaching the city. Married on 29 February 1976, 61-year-old Surjit Singh and his wife Gurcharan Kaur, 56, cut a cake that their children had specially arranged for the evening. Following family tradition, their children Ajitpal Singh, Simarjeet Singh and daughter Harpreet Kaur did everything possible to make the day extra sweet. This year, the couple celebrated the occasion with their granddaughter four-year-old Gunrit Kaur.For Opinder Singh Juneja and his wife Gurpreet Kaur, the evening was well spent at Indian Summer Restaurant near Cheema Chowk, where they threw an anniversary party for friends. Their buddies included Gagandeep Singh of BRS Nagar, Rajan Ahuja of Model Town, Gurpreet Singh of Pakhowal Road, Rizu and Raunaq of Model Town, Neha &amp; Jyoti of Model Town and Manveen Kochar of Dugri.(With inputs from Shariq Majeed, Gaurav Bhatia &amp; Nidhi Singhi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090187", "title": "It\u2019s my day, say leap-lings on Feb 29", "text": "NAGPUR: All the planning and pre-empting notwithstanding, there is no saying when the stork would deliver a bundle of joy to expectant parents. So though there were very few weddings happening in the city on Wednesday, there were birthday bashes galore, even though soon to be parents did try to skip the date for the arrival of their new baby.With the actual birth date coming every four years, the leap-lings got into celebratory mood this year. The biggest party of the city was at Surabardi Meadows where city businessman Padmesh Gupta combined his birthday with a wedding reception for his son Piyush who got married on Feb 10.Gupta says that he keeps a low profile and does not celebrate his birthday unless it's a leap year. Then his family takes over the celebrations. \"Last time, my wife had kept a surprise party and I had no inkling of it till I arrived home. This year it was decided we would combine it with a reception that I am hosting for my son and daughter-in-law. So I have a grand birthday bash this time too.\"There are those too who share their happiness with others and combine this once-in-four-year event with an act of goodness. Dr Sushrut Babhulkar, well-known orthopaedic surgeon of the city, says that Feb 29 is a big fun-filled day for him, but this year it is a quiet celebration. \"My elder daughter Sanskriti is writing her 12th board exams so it's low key at home. Today we adopted two children, aged 11 and 14 years, who are afflicted with cerebral palsy. That has added to the joy of the moment.\" Between his actual birthday, Dr Babhulkar says that he celebrates both Feb 28 as well as March 1 as his birthday.\"This day in my life will not come for the next three years,\" says 20-year-old Ankit Singh. Celebrating at a city restaurant with friends, Singh made the most of it. \"Today, I am actually celebrating my birthday on the right date. Otherwise, I give treat to my friends on Feb 28 and March 1. More than me, it's they who enjoy the party and also giving me birthday 'bumps'.\"Sonalika Deotare, a homemaker, celebrated her 34th birthday on Wednesday along with a host of other leap-lings who had come together at a party hosted by Radio Mirchi. Happy with the celebrations, she says, \"It was good to know there are so many others also who share this unique birth date with me.\" As those born in the leap year usually celebrate their birthdays either on the last day of Feb or first day of March, Sonalika says she felt this day belonged to her. \"Otherwise every year it's a compromise,\" she adds.Flush with all the celebrations happening around him, 20-year-old Rupen Kuruvilla, a student of engineering, said he had a blast. Scoffing at the belief that February 29 is not a good day, he says, \"This is pure superstition. I have only had good things happening to me. And a bad patch comes in everybody's life. What makes my birthday so special is the fact the entire city gets involved to celebrate with us.\"After receiving more than a hundred names, Radio Mirchi held a party for a select group of people whose birthday fell on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090007", "title": "Look-out notice for Hyderabad realtor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad police have booked criminal cases against well-known city realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta (GS Gupta) and nine of his associates for duping construction giant DLF of over Rs 280 crore. Gupta is now absconding and a look-out circular has been issued to immigration officials at international airports to prevent him from fleeing the country.Based on two separate complaints lodged by DLF Universal Limited's managers, the central crime station has booked cases under sections 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 420 (Cheating) and 120-B (Criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against GS Gupta and his associates, including his wife Sarita Gupta, brother Gopal Gupta, Komal Agarwal, directors of SBPL Infrastructure Private Limited, Anita Agarwal, Radhey Shyam Gupta, Manoj Kumar Sharma, Amit Agarwal, Megha Gupta and Mangari Gupta, for duping DLF of over Rs 280 crore through their front companies.Gupta and his front companies operate out of offices in GS Plaza, Road Number 1, Banjara Hills.Meanwhile, Gupta and his associates filed anticipatory bail petitions in the Fourth Additional Metropolitan Sessions Judge court and the matter has been posted to March 3.According to DLF complaints, Gupta and his front companies collected Rs 284 crore as advance payment from the construction company by luring them to sign memoranda of understanding (MoUs) for joint development of three real estate ventures in the city and Mumbai between 2006 and 2008.CCS officers said Gupta had approached DLF in August 2006 with a proposal to jointly develop 5.24 acre land (municipal numbers 1-2-528 and 1-2-591) at Lower Tank Bund. As a part of the deal, he took Rs 11 crore as an advance amount from DLF against the security of land and building admeasuring 967 square yards along with 36,000 square feet (sft) constructed area situated at survey numbers 106, 107, 109, 110, 113 and part of 121 at link Road 10 &amp; 11 of Banjara Hills. However, the DLF later discovered that the secured land had already been sold to several people.\"Gupta represented that the secured land was in their possession, knowing fully well that it has already been sold. Thereby, they have deceitfully mortgaged the property with DLF,\" the complaint stated.Subsequently, Gupta again approached DLF claiming that through his 'powerful connections' managed to secure 'Development and Managing Rights' of 5.61 acres of old Gandhi Medical College land in Basheerbagh. That was done in the name of a consortium comprising M/s SBPL Infrastructure Limited, GSG Resorts Pvt Limited and Ascot constructions Pvt Limited, all belonging to his associates, CCS investigators said.He lured DLF to join the project by investing 50% of the total project cost and subsequently secured Rs 43 crore from them on various pretexts, including security deposit between October 2006 and January 2007.By this time, the DLF management became suspicious as no ground work was going on at the proposed sites. Sensing that, Gupta again approached the firm for the third time with a mega offer to jointly take up various real estate projects through SBPL Infrastructure Ltd on 63 acres of land in Katedan, 26 acres near Metro in Kukatpally, 93 acres in Kukatpally and 78 acres in Jubilee Hills.He had also proposed to jointly form a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to bid for land of National Textile Corporation (NTC) in Mumbai.In relation to these projects, he secured Rs 226 crore from DLF between November 2007 and August 2008. However, according to the DLF, no such projects were taken up by Gupta and his associates and no SPV was formed. Despite several reminders, they failed to refund the money.\"As per the MoU, Gupta undertook to spend each penny (only) after prior approval from DLF and to refund the money if the project did not proceed within a year. However, it has been learnt that Gupta through their companies has illicitly transferred and misused Rs 280 crore invested by DLF without its prior permission,\" the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089723", "title": "Mystery shrouds break-in at Nirma owner's farmhouse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The mystery behind a gang of goons breaking into Nirma chairman Karsan Patel's bungalow, Nima farmhouse, on January 4 just refuses to clear up. Though four persons have been detained by police in this connection, the reason behind the nocturnal visit to the bungalow on SG highway is yet unexplained.It was a close shave for Patel and his family early on January 4. A gang of seven armed goons broke into the sprawling campus that houses Patel's two bungalows. The gang members, who had a revolver and sticks, beat up four security guards and tied them up. But, they did not make any attempt to approach Patel's new bungalow inside the Nima farmhouse. The goons were on one mission - hunt for one Ashok Sawant. When they could not find him, they opened the front gate and left. The cops say neither Patel's family nor the guards know anyone by that name.The incident took place at 3.15 am when the gang of seven scaled the 20-feet tall boundary wall and got into the campus. In the Nima farmhouse, the old bungalow is closer to the main gate while the new bungalow is 1.5 km away. Patel stays in the new house with his two sons.A joint team of local crime branch of Ahmedabad (rural) police and Ahmedabad city crime branch have been able to track down some of the accused. The cops have questioned four persons - Bhagwan Desai, Bismilla Bano, Sikandar and Javed. According to the police, the gang had planned to loot the bungalow. \"They had got a tip-off that Patel has Rs 100 crore in cash at his bungalow at any given time,\" said police officials.But, this angle of probe does not yet have any supporting evidence. Since the gang that had breached the bungalow's security, had not made any attempt to approach the second bungalow on the campus. Neither had the guards been looted of their cash or mobile phones.However, the cops are quite sure of their conclusion. \"Planning and conspiracy of the loot had been hatched in the Bhuj jail. We are now hunting for the mastermind in Mumbai. A team of officers are camping in Mumbai for last four days,\" said crime branch sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092690", "title": "'Adopt never-say-die attitude to be a good businessman'", "text": "INDORE: \"To be a successful entrepreneur, one must know what customers desire, read their mind and observe them keenly. Thirty to 40% of business depends upon this study alone. It is also important to recognize and solve problem areas,\" founder and CEO of naukri.com Sanjeev Bikhchandani said. He was addressing the students at a seminar on \"Role of entrepreneurs in Indian economy\" organized by the Acropolis Entrepreneurship Development Cell (grant-in-aid by AICTE).Bikhchandani stressed that one must not wait for an opportunity to come; rather the person should recognize the opportunities around him or her. Other key qualities he emphasized on, to be a good entrepreneur, are persistence, never-say-die attitude and courage to take risks. Citing his own experience, he said a good company is always built by a great team.Prafull Saklecha, CMD, Bloomberg Group, also shared his valuable experiences with the students. He said there are various opportunities in India and youths must work hard to lead their way to success.The chairman of Acropolis Group, Ashish Sojatia and Gaurav Sojatia, gave mementoes to the guests, while vote of thanks was given by Prof Sumer Singh Yadav. Around 2,000 students were present in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092433", "title": "NBFCs readying to trap the gold bug", "text": "KOCHI: Trust the strong public belief that gold is the best hedge against inflation to further push active stockpiling of the yellow metal. But only a trickle is reaching the organized gold loan market-precisely 1.5% to 2% of India's 18,000 to 20,000 tonnes stockpile of gold (which is 10% of the world gold stock). Hence, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and banks which have entered the gold loan market recently are getting more aggressive, targeting new customer bastions to widen their exposure.While gold prices have been on an upward trajectory, disbursal of loans against gold was always limited largely to the rural areas. But NBFCs say that salaried professionals are increasingly entering the mix as the semi-urban and middle class segments realize the convenience of gold-based loans. According to Dinesh Gupta who works with a leading bank, \"Bank loans always made me think twice as credit risk is higher. The paperwork was cumbersome and interest rates were not competitive. But with gold loans, procedures have become easier. I receive the loan amount the same day and can retrieve my ornaments with equal ease the moment I repay the loan.\" Salaried professionals make up almost 80% to 90% of the semi-urban and middle class groups opting for gold loans. George Alexander Muthoot, MD of leading gold financier Muthoot Finance which had a gold portfolio of 130 tonnes as of Dec 31, 2011, says that salaried class currently comprises only 10% to15% of his customer base. \"But our customer profile is slowly changing as we increase our exposure to the salaried class. If NBFCs and banks, who are entering the gold loan space, are to increase their assetsunder management, the urban middle class will provide the next level of growth,\" Muthoot said.Banks and NBFCs today hold a 50:50 share of the Rs 1 lakh crore gold loan market. HDFC Bank , which stepped into the business about four years ago, has seen its gold loan portfolio double in fiscal 2011. From 2007-11, aggregate gold loans for Muthoot Finance and Manappuram Finance increased at compounded annual growth rate of 70% and 197%. respectivelyven as both firms are tapping funds to aggressively expand in the eastern and western parts of the country. The gold loan market is not an easy business to be in, says Thomas Muthoot, director of financial products company Muthoot Fincorp. \"It is a huge retail activity. DYou can't mechanise or automate it as it is very skills-intensive iversifying the customer profile is the challenge and the goal to aim for. With increasing customer awareness, we will build the market and improve margins further,\" he noted.Analysts believe NBFCs will have to offer loans with interest rates in the 12-14% range instead of 18-24% if they are to be competitive with banks. \"If prices fall, the transaction costs would become too difficult to bear for the customer. Nevertheless, gold as an asset class is always a buyer's market. But I doubt if piling up huge quantities of gold makes sense from an investment perspective,\" says Alex Babu, MD of research firm Hedge Equities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12092535", "title": "Fisherfolk rue poor safety cover for their damaged nets", "text": "KANNUR: There seems to be no end to the plight of fishermen on high seas. Back home the situation is no different.Fishermen say apathy of government in covering the damages caused to their implements are adding to their woes.Though the Matsyafed (Kerala State Cooperative Federation For Fisheries Development Limited) has an Input Security Scheme (MISS) for compensating the damages suffered to fishing impements due to accidents and natural calamities, the damages to fishing nets are not covered under the scheme.Fishermen say even after paying the premium for the scheme that covers damages to nets, engine and other fishing accessories when they take a loan from Matsyafed, the damage to net alone is not compensated. \"The authorities say that everything should be damaged to get compensation,\" said a group of fishermen at Ayikkara, who are the member of a cooperative registered with the Fishermen Welfare Board.Matsyafed officials contend that since it is not an insurance scheme but a security scheme for the equipment without any affiliation to any insurance companies they cannot compensate for damaged nets.\"In previous years there was insurance scheme that covered all equipment including the nets separately, but there were many fake claims. When this security scheme was implemented a few years ago, it was decided not to compensate for damages to the nets alone,\" said P V Dhanalakshmi, the manager at the Matsyafed district office.Incidentally, the scheme is applicable to only cooperatives that purchase equipment from Matsyafed, and the officials think that it should be extended to small-time boat owners.But Dhanalakshmi said the fishermen miss their benefits because they fail to report the losses to the authorities. Many fishermen are not even keen to register with the personal accident insurance scheme for the members of the affiliated primary co-operatives.With a nominal insurance premium of Rs 96 a year, the scheme provides compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh to the dependants of the fishermen in case of accidental death or permanent disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091056", "title": "Foiled Delhi blast: Homegrown jihadis Lashkar's latest weapon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since early Nineties, Lashkar has been pushing terrorists into India from jihad launch pads in Pakistan. Earlier, its focus was Kashmir. Later, it became the arm of Islamabad's state-sponsored terrorism. From Red Fort attack in 2000 and Parliament strike in 2001 to Mumbai attacks in 2008, all bore the imprint of Lashkar-e-Taiba. But there's been a strategic shift in Lashkar's tactics after 26/11 - when it sent 10 terrorists to attack India's financial capital. The outfit has successfully nurtured indigenous jihadis and is sending solitary bombers on terror missions after training in Pakistan. And this has sent alarm bells ringing in the country's security establishment.The arrest of two Kashmiri youths, Ahtesham and Shafaqat, who were giving shape to the bloody strike on Wednesday, has confirmed the new trend. Senior officials said Lashkar has lured educated youths from Kashmir and north India into its fold. Though they are sent to Pakistan for training, they are not sent in batches to unleash mayhem. They are dispatched in ones and twos after specific training in hi-tech equipment and bomb-making.During questioning, Ahtesham, a graduate, told police that after his training in Muzzafarabad from December 2011 to January 2012, he entered India. He went to his mother's house at Giridih in Jharkhand and met few contacts there. Later, he came to Delhi with Shafaqat and rented an accommodation in Tughlaqabad area in south-east Delhi.\"He had with him all ingredients for making a powerful Improvised Explosive Device (IED). He was also carrying detonators and two memory sticks, including the one in which he is being taught to make a bomb. He used this video to construct the explosive. It was our luck that we arrested him hours before the blast. We have information about the twin blasts at Chandni Chowk in Delhi and Srinagar. Lashkar also had plans to carry more attacks in Delhi's markets before Holi,\" a police officer said.Earlier, Lashkar took help of sleeper cells for logistical support. \"But, Ahtesham did everything on his own. This ensured that only the attacker knew about the mission,\" said the official. Intelligence agencies had busted several Lashkar modules in the past and this may have triggered a strategy change.Ahtesham, who was reporting to Lashkar commander in Kashmir, Abu Hamza, had joined the organization recently. Officials say he may not have been involved in earlier blasts.Sleuths are also trying to find out why Hurriyat leader SAS Geelani had referred Ahtesham's name for a visa. His name was given to a top ISI leader in Pakistan who got it cleared. Investigators are also trying to find out the number of men recently recruited by Lashkar from different states for training in Pakistan. Intelligence Bureau claims Lashkar is planning a big strike soon.Headed by Hafiz Saeed, Lashkar is one of the most notorious terrorist outfits which has carried out bloody attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12092198", "title": "James Murdoch quits News International", "text": "LONDON: Media baron Rupert Murdoch's son, James Murdoch , who is the chairman and chief executive of News Corporation and the man once seen as the automatic heir to his father, resigned on Wednesday as executive chairman of News International, the British arm of the multinational media company.News Corporation's operations include Star TV in India, which, too, James was heading but has now given up the responsibility.News International was caught in a phone-hacking controversy last July for which a number of former editors were arrested. The Murdoch-owned Sunday tabloid News of The World closed down as a result, and the father-son duo had to appear before a parliamentary committee and face questions over their alleged involvement in the scandal. There has been evidence of journalists breaking into personal phones and computers, and illegally bribing police and other officials for information to fuel scoops.Murdoch, 39, will continue as deputy chief operating officer of the parent concern, News Corporation, whose registered offices are in New York . He said, \"I deeply appreciate the dedication of my many talented colleagues at News International, who work tirelessly to inform the public.\"He also praised the company's latest British newspaper, The Sun on Sunday, which published its first edition last weekend. Rupert praised his son's leadership at News International, saying he made \"lasting contributions\" to the group's global strategy.Sun's illegal payments for stories turns heat on Murdoch duo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12091528", "title": "Temp on the upswing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Giving respite from the chilling conditions, maximum and minimum temperatures have started increasing. The meteorological department says the trend will continue in the coming days.\"In the last three days, too, both the day and the night temperatures rose. In the coming days, the temperature will not rise considerably, but by a degree or two,\" said director of the meteorological department Surinder Paul. The changing conditions have brought a smile on residents' faces. \"The increase in the maximum and the minimum temperatures means that summer is approaching and we will soon get rid of the biting cold,\" said Ranjana Sarai, a resident of Sector 7, here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12092660", "title": "Man killed in Karbi Anglong jumbo attack", "text": "JORHAT: A man was killed in an elephant attack at Dolamora under Karbi Anglong (East) forest range on Wednesday morning. The deceased, identified as Bodhan Bhumij, was an employee of Assam Public Works Department (PWD) of Dolamora.\"Bodhan was attacked by a herd of wild elephants when he was going to his workplace at Dolamora PWD road. He was on a motorcycle and another person was riding it. The elephants attacked from behind, leaving him injured critically. The motorcycle rider managed to escape from the elephants,\" a Karbi Anglong forest officer said.He added, \"On receiving the information, forest staff rushed to the spot. We found the motorcycle lying on the spot. The elephants had damaged the motorcycle completely. Although Bodhan was rushed to the hospital, he died on the way.\"Local people said a herd comprising more than 40 wild elephants has been creating menace at Dolamora and its adjoining areas for the last few days.\"The jumbos have been damaging houses and crops in several parts of the Dolamora area for the last few days. The elephants have attacked more than five persons here in the last two months and even though we informed the forest department, they have failed to protect the villagers,\" Rajen Bhumij, a villager said.He added, \"Elephants generally come into human habitation during the night and carry on a rampage in search of food. During the day, they take shelter in nearby forests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12091918", "title": "Move to sack 22 ministers before assembly polls laughable: Rajnath", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hitting out at the feeble attempts by chief minister Mayawati to project a clean image, former Bharatiya Janata Party president Rajnath Singh on Wednesday said that the \"transparent exercise to dupe masses\" would not continue any longer. The public is too clever and seasoned to be misled by the image- building exercise he said. \"Mayawati headed the gang that looted and plundered Uttar Pradesh for last five years and now her desperation to appear honest is nothing short of pathetic,\" said Rajnath.Every one knows that no one in Mayawati's cabinet had the courage to do anything without taking due permission from the CM first, therefore the move to sack 22 ministers before the assembly election is laughable. Each of the ministers shown the door by Mayawati was only a small cog in the wheel and has only carried out what she had ordered, Rajnath said. He also questioned Mayawati's bid to give a clean chit to her closest and most trusted associate Naseemuddin Siddiqui who continues to preside over more than half the departments in the state despite recommendation of a CBI probe by the Lokayukta. The BJP he promised will set up a special investigation commission to probe all scams committed during the BSP regime.Rajnath also claimed that the number of atrocities against dalits had registered an all time high during Mayaraj. \"Maya government had also failed on the front of law and order as its own MP, MLAs and ministers turned out to be the biggest law breakers,\" the BJP leader said. He also put the Congress in the dock for its minority appeasement and said that it only shows the dangerous streak of divide and rule. The quota within quota poses a grave threat to the unity of the nation and therefore BJP is committed to oppose it with all its might.Meanwhile, national vice president of the BJP Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi charged the Congress with \"plotting to come to power not by democratic means, but by sneaking in through the back door\". The party's latest strategy and slogan \"Yuvraj nahi to governor raj\" shows it's desperation to force their way to force themselves on the people of UP. \"The move would not pay off and the party will eventually be ousted from Delhi throne as well,\" said Rajnath.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12096451", "title": "Sujata Bajaj's Ganesha-inspired art show", "text": "'This collection has been an intense creative experience!' Sujata Bajaj talks about her Ganesha inspired show, living in Paris and more, to Zeenia F BariaSujata Bajaj is no stranger to the world of art. For the first time in her eventful career, she's dabbled with fiberglass sculptures. Based in Paris, the artist tells us more about her show... Tell us something about your current collection, Ganapati - your initial inspiration dates back to 1986! My association with Ganapati has been strong since childhood, when we celebrated the festivals of Ganesha Chaturthi and Anant Chaturdashi with great involvement. In the summer of 1985, I met with an accident, which left me bedridden with an injured leg for weeks. I don't recall how but I started sketching Ganapati figures daily and executed hundreds of sketches by the time I recovered. Most people remember their injuries and accidents with bitterness; but for me it was a special time in my life, a period of transformation that helped me evolve in my understanding.This collection has been for me an intense creative experience that took me five years to complete. I present this exhibition with all that I have, as a tribute to my friend, mentor and ubiquitous guide, Ganapati. Why fibreglass? I had already worked in this medium in the 80s and really enjoyed the challenge! I developed the three dimensional forms from my old sketches and then proceeded to paint on the surface with acrylics, like I would on a canvas. Colour has always been an integral part of your works - why is that? Colour and lines are my vocabulary to express myself. For me, my art is born of the journey of colour.The cyclical changes, which are the essence of nature's being, is a part of my creative consciousness. The seasonal shifts translate themselves into colour, whether I use the technique of application generously or sparingly. It is this orbit of change that uplifts and transcends; it becomes important for me because if experience is my foundation, transformation is my vehicle, as it lends itself to my perception of ideas. For me, this confluence that arises out of the converging of cycles is the vital process of dynamism. Is there any message for the viewer? It is my desire that with this show, I reach out to all the people who enjoy my work or would be intrigued by the distinctness of this show. When I started my journey with Ganesha, it was in the vein of pure inspiration and devotion. And I think it is appropriate that 27 years later, I have an opportunity to share this with this city. I have enjoyed this intense creative experience and wish to share this with all lovers of art! Living in Paris must play a role in inspiring your works... A very important role. I live in the Montparnasse area, which has been a Mecca to artists since years. It's very inspiring. For me, Paris is an extension of India. I've never felt like I left India. I believe there is a burning flame in Paris that keeps artists and their creativity alive. That is something that I have never experienced in any part of the world! What's next on the agenda? A complete visual documentation on my journey with Ganesha with all my old and new works. I don't think I am done with my Ganapati yet!Sujata Bajaj's works can be viewed at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda till March 3 and Gallery Art &amp; Soul, 1-Madhuli, Shivsagar Estate, Worli from March 4 to April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12092598", "title": "No lame excuses for declining information under RTI: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court has made it clear that excuses like \"shortage of staff\", \"extra work\" cannot be accepted as grounds for declining information under RTI Act.While pronouncing the order, Justice Augustine George Masih observed, \"If such excuses are accepted, the RTI Act would become redundant and ineffective, and would frustrate the objective for which it has been enacted. Such internal administrative reasons cannot be treated as a defense for not supplying information.\"The ruling has come in the wake of a writ petition filed against an order passed by the state information commission (SIC), Punjab, on June 14, 2010. SIC had imposed a penalty of Rs 25,000 against the state public information officer of Ludhiana Improvement Trust, Lal Singh Tiwana, for a delay of more than five months in supplying information to RTI applicant Gurwinderjeet Singh from Ludhiana.Justice Masih rejected all reasons put forth by Tiwana and concurred with those given by SIC for imposing a penalty on the information officer for delay in information to the complainant.In his petition filed against the SIC orders, Tiwana had stated that Ludhiana Improvement Trust was functioning with only 40% of sanctioned staff strength and there was a heavy rush of public for registration of plots on the basis of original price under a scheme which was expiring. He had argued that additional work of census was being done by the staff, which resulted into delay in supplying information to the complainant.Justice Masih, however, accepted the petitioner's contention, that although the RTI application was received in January 2010, the petitioner-information officer had joined the trust on transfer on May 11, 2010, and therefore, was not responsible for the delay on the part of his predecessor. Accordingly, Justice Masih held that the petitioner-information officer has to be imposed a penalty at the rate of Rs 250 per day for a period of 75 days, amounting to Rs 18,750.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12092020", "title": "21 MLAs sworn in as parliamentary secys", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi expanded his loyalist camp by elevating 21 of his chosen MLAs as parliamentary secretaries. This development came in the backdrop of speculation about the Congress high command shifting him out of state politics and pitching him as the country's next vice-president.At a simple, well-attended swearing-in ceremony at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra here, the new parliamentary secretaries were sworn in by Gogoi. A source said their respective departments will be allocated in a week's time. In the last government, Gogoi had just 10 parliamentary secretaries.The source said Gogoi might now go in for a reshuffle of his year-old ministry, apparently to send the message to his detractors that he still calls the shots and that the person who has led the party to three election victories in the past 12 years should not be taken lightly.\"The party has chosen me as a parliamentary secretary and I am happy that I have been bestowed with this show of trust,\" Bhupen Bora, a young Congress legislator known for his upright image, said soon after he was sworn in as the parliamentary secretary.Gogoi, in his camp, has made an attempt to have representatives of all communities from all corners of the state. He has also selected two legislators from his close ally Hagrama Mohilary's Bodoland People's Front as parliamentary secretaries - Maneswar Brahma and Rakeswar Brahma. In a surprise move, Gogoi picked up a first-timer, Congress legislator Rekibuddin Ahmed, for the parliamentary secretary's post.The chief minister has also included three women - Jibon Tara Ghatowar, wife of DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar , from upper Assam, Jonjonali Baruah from central Assam and Sumitra Doley Patir, a Mishing tribal representative from the north bank of the Brahmaputra.Gogoi's has also chosen three MLAs from the minority community as parliamentary secretaries, including Sukur Ali, Ilias Ali and Rekibuddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12093995", "title": "India taking steps in right direction on Iran sanction: Clinton", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US appeared to express satisfaction with the steps being taken by India to reduce its dependence on Iranian oil even as Washington said it was having \"very intense and very blunt\" conversations with New Delhi, China and Turkey to bolster American sanctions against Tehran over its nuclear programme.\"With respect to India, they are making steps that are heading in the right direction. In fact, I think in a number of instances, the actions of countries and their banks are better than the public statements that we sometimes hear them making,\" Clinton told lawmakers at a Congressional hearing.Clinton said China, which is another major country being pushed by the US to reduce its dependence on Iranian oil, too has made progress.\"I think that we have made progress, not enough in my view. With respect to China, they have actually worked with us to prevent certain businesses within China from continuing their trade. They have reached out to the Saudis and others to determine ways to make up their loss of oil, if they cut what they receive from Iran,\" Clinton said.\"So we're having very candid conversations with a number of countries, two of whom you named, to try to impress on them our seriousness about enforcing sanctions which will have very difficult consequences for them,\" Clinton said in response to a question from Congresswoman Nita Lowey from New York.A day earlier, testifying before another congressional committee, Clinton said the US is having \"very intense and very blunt\" conversations with India, China and Turkey on reducing their dependence on Iranian oil.\"With respect to China and Turkey and India, we've had very intense and very blunt conversations with each of those countries. I think that there are a number of steps that we are pointing out to them that we believe they can and should make,\" Clinton said responding to questions from Senator Robert Menendez.The top US diplomat said in a number of cases, \"both on their government side and on their business side\", they are taking actions that go further and deeper than perhaps their public statements might lead you to believe.\"We are going to continue to keep an absolute foot on the pedal in terms of our accelerated, aggressive outreach to them. And they are looking for ways to make up the lost revenues, the lost crude oil,\" Clinton underlined.Both India and China, two major buyers of Iranian oil accounting for 12 and 22 per cent of its total export respectively, have said they will continue to import fuel from Tehran despite the EU and US embargo. Turkey has also said it will continue to import oil from Iran.She agreed that it was difficulty for these countries. \"So we've had to put together an entire team to try to assist them in thinking through ways of doing that,\" Clinton said responding to a question from Menendez.She said the American \"expectation and the direction\" is to \"see significant reductions\".\"You know, for some countries, it's a lot harder than other countries. So we have really come in with a lot of suggestions to help them be able to do what we're asking them to do,\" said Clinton.Testifying before the state, foreign operations and related programs subcommittee of the Senate appropriations committee, Clinton on Tuesday told Senators the US is aggressively pursuing sanctions against Iran.\"We are implementing the new Iran sanctions aggressively. The president issued an executive order on February 6 that blocks assets under US jurisdiction of all Iranian banks; also makes it clear that both the departments of treasury and state are expected to enforce the sanctions absolutely,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12094994", "title": "Dell plans to hire new CTO", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Dell Inc is seeking to hire a chief technology officer for its business-computing divisions, aiming to shore up the company's technical credentials and expand in higher-margin markets for data storage and corporate software.Lonergan Partners, a recruiting firm in Redwood City , California , confirmed that it's handling the search, without elaborating on potential candidates. Three people with direct knowledge of the effort say Dell is looking for someone to shape its data-center product strategy and serve as a public face for customers and the press.Chief Executive Officer Michael Dell is personally involved in the search, which has come down to four candidates and could be completed in the next two weeks, said Mark Lonergan, the founder and managing partner of the recruiting firm. Dell is under pressure to craft more technologically sophisticated products that can help it compete with Hewlett-Packard Co and International Business Machines Corp.\"You have a massive American company that made its reputation dealing with consumers,\" Lonergan said in an interview. \"For the first time in a long time these guys are beginning to create an authentic challenge to HP and IBM and spread their wings.\"Michael Dell, who founded the company in his dorm room in 1984, is taking steps to lessen its reliance on desktop and laptop PCs, which make up most of its sales. Hiring a technology chief would help it challenge Hewlett-Packard and IBM by setting technical direction and promoting Dell's products. The company hasn't had a CTO in more than three years, and the new job would expand on the duties of the position.Silicon Valley footprint Dell, based in Round Rock, Texas, is already boosting research-and-development spending and trying to raise its profile in Silicon Valley . That includes opening a new office in Santa Clara , California, last year.David Frink, a spokesman for the company, declined to comment on any recruiting or hiring efforts.Dell, once the world's No. 1 PC maker, lost that crown to Hewlett-Packard in 2006. More recently, Apple's Macbook laptops and iPad tablets have cut into the company's PC sales. Chinese computer maker Lenovo Group Ltd is now the world's second- largest supplier, pushing Dell into third place. The company also has struggled to produce a successful tablet computer or smartphone.A new technology chief for Dell's so-called enterprise products -- the servers, data storage, networking gear and software that run companies' operations and websites -- would fill a position that has been vacant since CTO Kevin Kettler left more than three years ago. In the interim, Dell has had an \"office of the CTO,\" with no single person in charge.Relying on partners During his tenure, Kettler would hold presentations for the CEO and other top managers several times a year to keep them abreast of technical developments from Intel Corp and software suppliers, said a person who attended the meetings. The briefings weren't a forum for discussing Dell technology because the company relied on partners for most of its innovation, according to the person, who declined to be named because the information isn't public.The new CTO would be tasked with changing the company's culture to emphasize its own engineering, said an executive who'd been contacted by a recruiter about the position. Dell has interviewed candidates from companies such as EMC Corp, Oracle Corp and NetApp Inc, said another person with knowledge of the search.'Transform the company' \"We've been on a mission at Dell the last few years to transform the company,\" Michael Dell said this week at an event in San Francisco to unveil new servers and other products. \"We're investing at all-time high levels in research and development.\"Dell spent 1.5 per cent of revenue on R&D; in the fiscal fourth quarter, which ended February 3, up from 1.1 per cent a year earlier. The level is still lower than that of rivals: Hewlett- Packard devoted 2.6 per cent of sales to R&D; last quarter, while IBM spent 5.3 per cent. Dell's revenue rose 1 per cent to $62.1 billion last year.Acquisitions are broadening Dell's product line. The company purchased storage maker Compellent Technologies Inc last year, making it less dependent on reselling products from EMC. It also bought Force 10 Networks Inc, providing it with more networking gear. That curbed its dependence on Brocade Communications Systems Inc and Juniper Networks Inc.Spotlighting Dell's new innovation ability is going to be a big part of the new CTO job, Lonergan said. His firm also recruited former CA Inc CEO John Swainson to head a new software group at Dell earlier this month.\"Whoever ends up in the CTO role will be a tremendous business person,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092093", "title": "A mixed bag for parents, children", "text": "MADURAI: Thirty one 'leap year' babies were born at the Government Rajaji Hospital on Wednesday much to the joy and also sorrow of some parents, who would have liked to have a more regular birthday for their children.Two school students D Madhumitha and her classmate G Shivashankar share their birthday with the infants born on Wednesday. Madhumitha says she considers herself lucky to be born on this day and that though she celebrates her birthday on the first of March every year, she likes it when the real day arrives every four years. \"I celebrate it with all my relatives and friends,\" she said.Shivashankar, however, made an emergency entry into this world on February 29, 1996, recalls his mother Subashini, who says she considers it lucky. \"However, I have turned 16 and did not feel like having a party. So, this year it was just another birthday for me,\" he said. Jasmine Selvam, who turned 32 on Wednesday, says she is much younger. \"Actually, I should be just eight because I was born on February 29, 1980,\" she said humorously.Gandhimathi, a grandmother of a girl child born at GRH on Wednesday, said she had would have preferred if the child was born on Thursday. \"Number one is lucky and we also asked the astrologer, but then she was born today,\" she said. \"However, we believe Wednesday is the best day in the week for a girl to be born. So she is indeed a lucky child,\" she added. \"Usually, people born on February 29 are very creative and artistic and go on to make good musicians, artists and actors,\" said Sapapathy, a numerologist.S Anandhi recalls how she developed labour pains on February 29, 2000, and her entire family panicked. \"I went to hospital and the doctor asked me to get admitted, but I came home and bore the pains and my son Bharath was born on March 1, much to everyone's relief,\" she said.A young mother Poornima delivered her baby at the Meenakshi Mission and Research Hospital on Wednesday, but doctors at private nursing homes say most patients wanted to ensure their babies were born one day after the leap year, because they did not want the baby to celebrate the birthday once in four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095174", "title": "Kalki as 'Daayan' in Vishal's next film", "text": "Actress Kalki Koechlin has been signed as the female lead of Vishal Bharadwaj's forthcoming film, 'Daayan' opposite Emraan Hashmi.Earlier, both Rani Mukherjee and Vidya Balan were offered the role, but they reportedly turned it down.\"My next film is 'Daayan' of Vishal Bharadwaj. It is a supernatural mystery and kind of a magical film. It is not a horror film. I can't talk much about it,\" Kalki told reporters, last evening on the sidelines of the launch of a new collection of handbags.Though 'That Girl in Yellow Boots' star is working with Vishal for the first time, she is all praise for the filmmaker. \"Vishalji is amazing and talented person. He is not only a director, a music composer, writer..he can do everything. It is fantastic to work with him. I am big fan of him and have liked all his films like 'Maqbool', 'Omkara', 'Kaminey',\" Kalki said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091670", "title": "Making space for a different classroom", "text": "MUMBAI: For a city that boasts of educational institutions with state-of-the art facilities and a challenging curriculum for their students , Mumbai is guilty of ignoring the needs of differently-abled children.The stark truth is that barring a few organizations, the public and private sectors have done little to create rehabilitation centres and spaces for these children , and provide a support base for parents. Most schools have become inclusive by nature, where students with learning disabilities , ADHD, mild autism and physical challenges are part of the classroom.But mainstream institutions do not have the resources to provide for children with cerebral palsy, Down's syndrome, severe autism, mental retardation and other such disorders as their education requires a more focused and tailored approach.The state, however, say experts has failed to step in leaving parents to shoulder the emotional and financial burden alone. Santa Cruz resident, Tina Gandhi whose sevenyear-old son has cerebral palsy and severe autism, says: \"There are hardly any centres for children like my son that go beyond teaching them how to make greeting cards or art and craft activities. Children end up doing this for months together and learn nothing.\"Gandhi tried out two schools before zeroing in on an educational institution whose faculty is trained to work with children like her son. She spends Rs 5,000 a month on her child's education. \"It's only for children in the five- to eightyear age group.\" As the child grows older, fees can go up to Rs 10,000 a month or more. But why does it have to be so difficult for parents, when most countries have Special Educational Needs (SEN) programmes with schools specializing in different areas? In this field of education, one size does not fit all. So, while some teach students with extreme autism, others are geared towards those with Down's syndrome, disorders of the brain, spinal cord and musculoskeletal system , among others. But that is not the case in Mumbai.\"I had also approached a government-run organization but they didn't have enough facilities that my son needed. So now I am spending more money and have enrolled him in a school in the private sector,\" says Gandhi . A few private schools offer a curriculum tailor-made to the child's needs-but at a price. Even educators trained to work with differently-abled children are given short shrift.Dattaram Fonde, a special educator and director of Santosh Institute for Mentally Challenged Children, says: \"Special educators are still treated as social workers and not teachers, and this makes it difficult to employ faculty with the necessary qualifications. Parents end up looking at the private sector for help, which is expensive ,\" Fonde has specialized in this field for more than 20 years, and founded Santosh Institute in 2007. He plans to open a residential school. Ideally, 'special needs' schools should also offer occupational therapy , but parents say that usually they have no option but to seek professional help separately. \"I end up spending Rs 800 for every 45-minute session with an occupational therapist . My daughter attends this session only twice a week because I can't afford more than that,\" says Sanchita Rane, mother of an eightyear-old who has cerebral palsy. She added that apart from her school and occupational therapy, her daughter also attends regular sessions with a physiotherapist and speech therapist.\"All these sessions are a drain on our finances, but we are doing this for our only child,\" Rane adds. At the heart of the matter is a real fear for their child's future. As one parent puts it, \"There will come a time when we are no more. What happens to our child?\" Reshma Nayampally's son is 31-years-old and has severe autism with mild physical disability. \"Not only do we have to think about our current expenditure, we also need to look at the future. For now, my husband and I are alive and are taking care of our son and his needs. But we need to make sure that he will be alright even when we are not around,\" she says. Her son has learnt to interact with people , and is now able to communicate through a limited vocabulary and gestures. The government has a long road ahead of it. Last year, the state board agreed to allow autistic children to appear for the Class X and XII examinations , but only after the Forum for Autism (FFA) took up the issue and pursued it for years. Caring for a special child is a financial drain for most families as there is no proper set up for special children. The government apathy to this issue is only adding to the problem,\" said Chitra Iyer, trustee of FFA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091828", "title": "Karnataka porngate panel grills TV channel staff", "text": "BANGALORE: A legislature committee set up to probe alleged watching of porn clips by two ministers on another colleague's mobile phone on the floor of the assembly, on Wednesday grilled the representative of a Kannada television news channel which had beamed the episode.The four-member panel reportedly posed a series of questions to the channel representative during the in-camera proceedings. The questions reportedly pertained to whether the media was right in having telecast the unparliamentary visuals. The media representative's replies were not known.While the committee had summoned two Kannada TV channels, only one of them chose to attend.Earlier, the committee of Srishailappa Bidadur as head and SR Vishwanath, Suresh Gowda and Nehru Olekar as members, viewed the clippings of the episode aired by TV channels.A committee member only revealed that a giant screen had been installed to view the clippings. The members later summoned a senior information department official and sought his opinion on several issues. The day's proceedings lasted for nearly two hours.On Thursday, the committee will review replies from the three members, Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna J Palemar, who quit as ministers in the wake of the scandal. It has also decided to summon the three MLAs.\"The committee has decided to issue notices to the three members,'' Bidadur told reporters later. He, however, refused to divulge details of the proceedings. ''We don't have the mandate to disclose the contents,'' he said.Bidadur said speaker KG Bopaiah had asked the panel to submit its report before March 13 and the committee has decided to meet regularly to meet the deadline.Court order on plaint tomorrowBANGALORE: The first additional chief metropolitan magistrate will on Friday pass orders on the application filed by four persons seeking immediate registration of an FIR against the three BJP legislators allegedly involved in the Porngate controversy.Venkatesh R Hulgi on Wednesday heard arguments advanced on behalf complainants Anand Yadwad, CN Deepak, Phani Sai and Manjunath. They had first complained to Vidhana Soudha police station on February 23 against two BJP MLAs who had allegedly watched the porn clips. The complainants later represented to the assistant commissioner of police the next day.Then they filed an application under Section 156(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code seeking registration of an FIR against MLAs Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna J Palemar. Section 156(3) of the CrPC 1973, authorizes a magistrate to direct a police station to register an FIR and to investigate if police refuse to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090864", "title": "Cabinet nod for 10-fold hike in traffic fines likely today", "text": "NEW DELHI: With about 1.4 lakh lives lost on Indian roads every year, violation of traffic rules can cost you dearly as offences like drink driving will be graded according to alcohol levels in the blood with a punishment that can go up to a two-year jail term and Rs 5,000 fine or both.Repeat traffic offences will fetch stiff fines with jumping red lights or not using seat belts and helmets attracting fine between Rs 500 to Rs 1,500. The first offence of using cellphone will mean Rs 500 fine and subsequent infringements can set the offender back by Rs 5,000 in penalties.Working on the proposition that higher fines work as a deterrent and can induce greater respect for the law, the Cabinet is expected to clear a slew of amendments in the Motor Vehicle Bill on Thursday. The increases in some categories are up to eight-10 folds over existing fines. The changes intend to make the vehicle owner responsible in case a minor is caught at the wheel.The proposals to hike fines aim to target what are seen as major causes of accidents and fatalities on India's roads - drink driving, speeding, non-wearing of seatbelts and helmet and use of cellphone. To penalize habitual offenders, the bill incorporates higher fines and longer jail terms for repeat offences.The disrespect for speed limits that regularly results in deaths - with Delhi itself witnessing three high-speed crashes in the past two weeks - will now prove costly. The fine will go up from Rs 400 to Rs 1,000 for the first offence. Subsequently, the penalty could be as high as Rs 5,000.The alcohol level in those caught drinking and driving will determine the fine or jail term. \"This will be measured using a breathalyzer. Such exercises in Delhi, Hyderabad and Mumbai have yielded positive result,\" said a ministry official.To discourage the use of cellphones, which have emerged as a key reason for road accidents all over the world, the new bill has proposed Rs 500 fine for the first offence and the subsequent fines would go up to Rs 5,000.There are also proposals to slap heavy penalties on those caught using vehicles without a valid registration or without permit. The offender will shell out Rs 20,000 as penalty every time or can be imprisoned for one year or both.The issue of amending the Motor Vehicle Act has been in the government agenda for years but was delayed on some pretext or the other.Highways minister C P Joshi on Wednesday, while addressing the National Road Safety Council (NRSC) meeting said that the Bill will be introduced in the Rajya Sabha in the ensuing Budget Session. \"We have proposed new changes considering the new needs. We hope it will be through in the Parliament,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "rampur", "code": "12091859", "title": "Crucial test awaits AzamKhan on his home turf", "text": "RAMPUR: Once famous for its small-scale industries, the nawabi city of Rampur is today plagued with bad roads, two flyovers under construction and only six hours of electricity supply. As a result, the district fares bad on the scale of infrastructure. However, despite all the low economic parameters, the district figures high in the agenda of the political parties thanks to its large Muslim population, which constitutes almost 49% of the district's total populace.Another reason, why the district maintains its focus is that it is the turf of senior Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan, whose fate would be decided on March 3, when Rampur goes to polls. Azam is also considered as the Muslim face of Samajwadi Party.Locals feel that delimitation will have a major impact on the prevailing caste equations and expect some major surprises this elections. Some even suggest that the 2012 polls may rewrite the political history of Rampur. \"The assembly constituency of Rampur had almost 70% Muslims voters till last assembly election. After the delimitation, the percentage has come down to 50,\" points out Sunil Sharma, a local businessman. \"Things may not be that easy for Azam Khan,\" he says adding, \"Congress has already fielded a Muslim candidate from Rampur. With Indian Justice Party and Ittehad-E-Millat Council also fielding Muslim candidates, it will lead to splitting of Muslim votes and that is where the real trouble lies,\" he says hinting that the fight this time will not be a cake walk for Azam.At the same time, known for his clean image as a politician and seen as rather upright, but a bit too outspoken, Azam Khan has quite a few things to prove in this elections. The performance of SP in the region will also reinstate Azam's stature of being the Muslim face of the party. From being the right hand man of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav in the mid 90s, Azam was pushed to the fringes after the advent of Amar Singh in the party. Though he himself was the first senior leader of SP to have formally invited Amar Singh's friend Jaya Prada to contest elections from Rampur, it was the cine star turned politician who is believed to have caused the initial cracks between him and Amar Singh. Things came to a pass when despite open opposition by Azam Khan, Mulayam fielded Jaya Prada from Rampur parliamentary constituency in 2009 polls. Worse was Jaya Prada's victory that came despite all out efforts of Azam to ensure her defeat.After Amar Singh's ouster from SP, Mulayam personally visited Azam's Rampur house to call a truce. With Azam accompanying Mulayam to most of his public meetings in the run-up to the assembly polls, Azam did manage to regain his lost stature. However, resurgence of Akhilesh Yadav as an important face within the party and the politics it craves for, came as a speed breaker for Azam's quest to regain lost glory. There have been reports of Azam Khan being uncomfortable with Akhilesh and his functioning as party's state president - something which the two sides have vehemently denied.This election, Azam does not have Nawab Kazim Ali as his rival. Due to the delimitation Kazim's vote bank has shifted to Suar Tanda, and he is the Congress candidate from Suar. A private practitioner Dr Tanveer - a first timer fielded by the Congress from Rampur too has been campaigning hard.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092268", "title": "Back to business today", "text": "BANGALORE: Five days after an early-morning fire ravaged it, the city's iconic Russell Market is all spick and span and ready to resume business on Thursday morning.On Wednesday, the market literally rose like the proverbial Phoenix from the ashes. Traders cleared the marketplace of all the charred remains of the Saturday blaze that gutted 123 of its 440 shops. New shop spaces were created to facilitate vegetable, fruit and toy traders to open shop.The traders said waiting for the government to act would have been a problem as losing business day in and day out would only jeopardize traders' financial health. \"When your house is in distress,you have more affection for it,\" said Mohammed Idrees Choudhary, a trader. \"Our livelihood depends on this market and so we cleaned it up.\"UNITY IN ADVERSITY Russell Market's revival has also brought back to life the unity among traders. The two merchant associations merged into a single body, the Russell Market Vegetable, Flower, Butter and Toys Association and new officebearers were elected.Choudhary, general secretary of the new association, said they have prepared a list of traders in the market and allocation of spaces has begun. Pervez Ahmed, secretary of the new association, said most traders are keen to get back to business than waiting for the compensations offered. \"They know that once they get the shops back,they can recover all they have lost,\" said Pervez.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12092407", "title": "Dhanlaxmi extends CEO designate's ED term", "text": "KOCHI: The board of directors of private sector lender Dhanlaxmi Bank has extended the term of executive director P G Jayakumar, who is managing director and chief executive officer designate of the bank, by two years from March 1, 2012 to February 28, 2014.A senior Dhanlaxmi Bank spokesman said on Wednesday that the extension was effected by the bank's board as Jayakumar's appointment as CEO would still need approval from the Reserve Bank of India in what could be a delayed process. \"After the resignation of Mr Chakraborty, he (Jayakumar) was made MD &amp; CEO designate. As interim CEO, his appointment has to be approved by RBI, and the due diligence process could take 2-3 months. Hence, the board has in the interim decided to extend his term as executive director,\" the spokesman said. Jayakumar could not immediately be accessed for comment. The Thrissur-based bank had a poor scorecard in the recently closed third quarter, posting net losses of Rs 36.87 crore, compared with net profit after tax of Rs 7.26 crore a year earlier. Total expenditure rose 61% to Rs 427.3 crore. Net non-performing assets (net NPAs) were at Rs 33.8 crore, while percentage of net NPAs fell to 0.35% at the end of December 2011. In the light of the above, Jayakumar had written to the bank's employees on the need to tighten expenses, and if necessary, accept salary cuts.The bank is likely to discuss various cost- cutting measures at a meeting to be held sometime next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090932", "title": "Chinese youth delegation visits state assembly", "text": "PATNA: A 70-member delegation of Chinese youths on Wednesday visited the Bihar legislative assembly and watched the proceedings of the House during the debate on state budget.The Chinese youths, comprising boys and girls, appeared in the visitors' gallery turn by turn in groups to have a glimpse of the assembly proceedings. The Chinese Youth Delegation was led by Guan Wei. It was welcomed by speaker of the assembly Uday Narayan Chaudhary. Schoolchildren presented bouquets to the members of the youth delegation.The Chinese youths interacted with the schoolchildren who inquired about primary education in China. They replied to the queries of the children and described them as friendly and intelligent. They also raised the slogan of 'Hindi-Chini, Bhai Bhai'.Leader of the opposition in the assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav and JD(U) chief whip in the assembly Shrawan Kumar were present on the occasion.The speaker and the leader of the Chinese delegation also posed for group photographs along with the assembly members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090963", "title": "Allotment of land to be probed", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Legislative Council chairman Tara Kant Jha on Wednesday announced that the registrar, cooperative societies, Bihar, would probe into the gross irregularities in the allotment of land to MPs from Bihar and state legislators through the Legislators Housing Construction Cooperative Society, Patna .Jha, intervening during minister's reply to the calling attention motion of Mahachandra Prasad Singh of the JD(U), directed the government to submit its report within three months.Members of the Upper House, cutting across the party lines, alleged that huge irregularities were detected in the allotment of land in the state capital.Some of the legislators were allotted couple of plots without verifying their names, said some of the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094954", "title": "Danish Bhat: New baddie of small screen", "text": "Rajan Shahi's new show Amritmanthan on Life Ok channel has seen a newcomer DanishBhat playing the king Adhiraj Singh. The handsome guy from the beautiful Kashmir has debuted with this show on television.After doing a number of modelling assignmentswith MS Dhoni, Shahrukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra , Danish became a known face.Few years back Danish came to Mumbai and he also did a acting course from Kishore Namit Kapoor. \"Somehow I got to know from someone that Directors Kut is looking for a new face so I gave my audition and after a series of look tests I was selected for Adhiraj Singh's character,\" says Danish andfeels a lot of attitude is required to play this character, Athiraj Singh who is an opportunist and he does whatever he feels like and wants to achieve everything he wants. \"I am getting lot of congratulatory calls after people have seen me in Amritmanthan I am happy to get a chance to play this role. It's always hard to play the negative lead and specially a character like Athiraj who also has a mystery angle attached!\" adds the brown-eyed actor also got an opportunity to play a role in Madhur Bhandarkar's next film Heroine .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "12090762", "title": "Now, Calvim, Aldona folk form forum", "text": "ALDONA: Residents of Calvim and Aldona on Wednesday formed a \"Forum for Justice to Victim of Calvim Tragedy\" to fight for justice to the victims of the February 18 bus tragedy. Residents also decided not to boycott the assembly election.Speaking to TOI member of the forum Savio Figueiredo said \"We have formed this forum to pressurize the government to initiate a judicial inquiry into the tragedy to find out the exact cause and for recommendations to avoid any such incident in future.\" The Forum has also decided to start a signature campaign.Even after government failed to appoint the judicial commission to inquiry in the bus tragedy, forum has decided not to boycott the assembly election, \"Majority of members are of the opinion that boycott of polls will not serve the propose and wrong person may get elected in March 3 assembly election\" added Figueiredo. On Sunday, residents had threatened to boycott the March 3 polls if the government fails to appoint a judicial commission by February 29.Priyal Salgaocar, 10, sisters Dyna, 8, and Elvina Dias, 11, Nagle Gracias, 11, all students of St Thomas Girls High School, Aldona and Josephine Dias, 58, from Calvim and Dayanand Hoble, 55, of Mayem, Bicholim in North Goa had lost their lives in the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12120401", "title": "Postal ballot system needs improvement: experts", "text": "DEHRADUN: While electronic voting machines (EVMs) have replaced paper ballots in India, little has been done to change the old postal ballot system, which is at the centre of a raging controversy in Uttarakhand, experts and top officials today said.\"This is an old age system where we feel that a lot of improvement can be done. It can be done by bringing new software or electronic gadgets that will allow the armed personnel to cast their votes from the place of their posting,\" said Anil Jaggi, an IT expert here.Despite being a costly affair, the Election Commission has not taken steps to improve the postal ballot system for the armed forces, officials said. The cost of a postal ballot is roughly around Rs 100 per ballot that includes the postage which is to be paid by the state government.\"So far, politicians in our state have not shown any interest to improve the postal ballot system in the state,\" said a top official of the state election commission.As a war of words escalated between BJP and Congress over the postal ballot issue in Uttarakhand, the election commission last month had put the onus on the army for the large number of undelivered postal ballots.The ruling BJP, which banks on the support of army personnel, had asked the commission to clear the air on the controversy pertaining to the undelivered postal ballots.This time, over 1.19 lakh people including one lakh army personnel are casting their votes through ballot papers and those which reach the counting centre till 8am of March 6 will be taken in account.Experts said the postal ballots could play a crucial role in as many as 20 constituencies out of the total 70 in the hill state where assembly elections were held on January 30.Since the time period between the polling and the counting is very long, the election commission is expecting the polling percentage of the postal ballots to be heavy.Meanwhile, even as BJP general secretary Dharmendra Paradhan, who is incharge of the party affairs in the hill state, accused railways and postal department of not delivering the postal ballots, Congress today slammed the BJP for raking up the issue.\"BJP knows that it has already lost the race. So, it is enacting the drama to distract the people's attention from real issues,\" said Surendra Kumar, a state Congress spokesman.In the past, Congress had alleged that postal ballots had marred the chances of their candidates including that of senior Congress leader Satpal Maharaj in the 2008 Pauri Lok Sabha by-election.Elections 2012 NewsUttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090050", "title": "Stir on, grandparents to meet special envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Waiting for official confirmation, grandparents of Aishwarya and Abhigyan Bhattacharya - the Indian children sent to foster care by Norwegian authorities - continued their sit-in near the Norwegian embassy on Wednesday. Schoolchildren and supporters joined the protest to show solidarity.The ministry of external affairs ( MEA) informed the grandparents that special envoy M Ganapathi would reach Delhi on Thursday morning and visit them at the protest venue. \"We are hopeful that Aishwarya and Abhigyan will return to their motherland soon,\" said their maternal grandfather, Manatosh Chakrabarti.His daughter Sagarika had called him to say that she was relieved after the special envoy's visit to Stavanger and the Child Welfare Service (CWS) statement issued on Tuesday that said the kids' custody will be given to their uncle Arunabhash Bhattacharya. However, she requested her father to campaign for the release of other children taken away by CWS. \"She told me that CWS had recently taken away three children from a Sinhalese mother and she empathizes with her\". Chakrabarti hopes that more such cases wil be resolved soon.Schoolchildren upheld placards with sketches and messages during the protest. A street play was also performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12092067", "title": "Water overflow a routine affair at Govt Polytechnic", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates of Sarojininagar assembly constituency as well as other constituencies of Lucknow may heave a sigh of relief, as the EVMs kept at the strong room in government polytechnic's architecture department have been found to be unaffected by Saturday's water leakage.However, the bigger question is that why water leakage or overflow was not noticed when the institute was selected as a counting centre. The question gains significance, as officials on the next day of the incident (February 26) during inspection of the strong room, the terrace and surrounding areas found that water overflow was a routine phenomenon. \"The conclusion drawn by the officials was based on algae-coated terrace,\" said a source and added, \"There are two overhead tanks on the terrace, but only one had been overflowing.\" In other words the inspection of the building before selecting it as a counting centre was not done properly, sources confirmed.Not only this, the slow response of the district administration, even after the news of such an incident reaching it by 5.00 pm on February 25, also raises a question on the 'seriousness' of the officials. The fact that information reached officials regarding water leakage by 5.00 pm was confirmed by district magistrate Anil Sagar before mediapersons on the day of the incident. Even then, the district administration officials did not reach the site before 9.00 pm. The DM himself reached the spot at around 9.15 pm.Interestingly, the DM claimed that pipeline was immediately disconnected, once it was found that overflowing water was leaking into the strong room. However, sources said that the operator responsible for supplying water actually switched off the supply on a regular course, as he had been doing it always. \"It was after this that overflowing actually stopped,\" a senior official said.Another question being raised is that why the DM did not initiate a discussion with the Election Commission following demands by candidates that strong room should be opened, so that it could be checked whether the EVMs were actually damaged or not.The DM instead asked the candidates to talk to the Election Commission and seek permission for the same. Senior officials preferring anonymity said, \"In order to maintain transparency, the DM should have sought permission from the Election Commission for opening the strong room before the candidates.\"The strong room was only opened before the presence of two special observers and candidates, the very next day of the incident. The candidates and the EC did heave a sight of relief when they found that none of the EVMs have been affected.As a cover-up exercise, the district administration has snapped the water supply to all the overhead tanks installed at the two buildings -- administrative building and architecture department, where EVMs have been kept. The architecture department had EVMs of Sarojininagar and Mohanlalganj assembly constituencies, while the administrative building has EVMs of Lucknow Cantt, East, West, North, BKT, Malihabad and Central assembly seats.While two overheads tanks are installed at the Architecture department building, around seven such overhead tanks are installed at the administrative building. However, none of the overhead tanks is receiving water now. Several senior officials have termed the action taken thereafter, as 'extreme' and 'too late'.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12095244", "title": "Kangana Ranaut plays gangster's moll again", "text": "After playing moll to reel life gangsters like Shiney Ahuja and Ajay Devgn, actress Kangana Ranaut is once again set to reprise the role in 'Shootout At Wadala', as gangster Manya Surve's girlfriend.The 24-year-old actress potrays the role of Vidya Joshi, the love interest of Surve, essayed by John Abraham . \"From my first film till this one, I am playing a lover to Don or gangster. It is quite a coincidence. I have not deliberately chosen these kinds of films. This film..script is very special, I liked it very much. So I wanted to be part of it,\" Kangana told reporters, last evening, after the first look of the upcoming film, was launched.In her debut film 'Gangster' Kangana played gangster Shiney Ahuja?s love interest. The film directed by Anurag Basu was rumored to be based on the life of Abu Salem and former actress Monica Bedi. Thereafter in Milan Luthria's 'Once Upon A Time In Mumbai', based on the life history of a underworld don of the 1960s, Haji Mastan, played by Ajay Devgn, Kangana essayed the role of starlet Sona, with whom Mastan was in love.\"I don't think it really matters in how many films I have played gangster's girlfriend. But this film is different from what I have done earlier,\" she said.Directed by Sanjay Gupta, 'Shootout at Wadala', revolves around the life of gangster Manya Surve and how he was shot dead, the first registered encounter by Mumbai police, in 1982 in Wadala. The film would release on December 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090857", "title": "MRVC for private player to run new routes", "text": "MUMBAI: The absence of a fare hike has prompted the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) to consider forming of a special purpose vehicle (SPV) by involving a private player to operate two proposed suburban corridors-CST-Panvel elevated route and Panvel-Diva-Vasai-Virar line.\"If the concept gains acceptance, the two routes will not be part of the traditional suburban network. The separate entity will have financial and operational autonomy,\" a senior MRVC official said.Despite handling large passenger traffic, suburban networks on Western Railway (WR) and Central Railway (CR) are not yielding any profit as fares have remained static for almost a decade. Providing another example, the official said, the World Bank (WB) has funded phases I and II of the MUTP to expand the suburban railway infrastructure in Mumbai and the amount was to be repaid by levying a surcharge on the fare.According to an agreement with the WB, a surcharge of 30% on the fare was to be levied since 2003. It was envisioned that this will be doubled and tripled by 2006 and 2009. However, the railway ministry refused to increase the surcharge after 2003.\"Since the surcharge has not to be extracted as originally planned, it is estimated that there is an under-recovery to the tune of Rs 560 crore, which was to be equally shared between the railway ministry and state government for repayment of loan,\" an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12091943", "title": "Leaders pin hope on voters and shrines", "text": "BAREILLY: With just three days to go, campaigning is reaching fever pitch across the region. But the scent of elections is strongest in the narrow streets of old Bareilly, at the Dargah of Ala Hazrat, the seat of the Sunni Barelvi Muslims. Here, religion and politics appear to have coalesced, with the act of political leaders offering the \"chadar\" connoting more than simple deference. It is here that leadership from across parties has flocked to, for support.By their own confession, Sunni Barelvis are the less influential school of thought among the Sunnis -- the other is Darul Uloom Deoband. Barelvi Muslims, however, have a larger following. Nearly 80% of Sunni Muslims in the country, spokesperson of All India Jamat Raza-e-Mustafa, Maulana Shahabuddin Razvi claims, are Barelvi Sunnis. In this region, where polling will take place on March 3, Sunni Barelvi Muslims account for a sizeable population residing in Shahjahanpur, Bareilly and parts of Rampur, where they wield considerable clout.For political parties, this quantum of Muslim vote is crucial. Among the Congress leadership, general secretaries Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh, local MP Praveen Singh Aaron and UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi visited the shrine to pay obeisance and in the hope they would better their 2007 assembly performance and debut in Bareilly. As part of a quid pro quo arrangement, the AIJRM, the social outfit floated by Ala Hazrat, recommended the names of five candidates and asked the Congress party to give them tickets. His request was turned down. \"Congress has failed to keep its promises. As a result, we find it hard to place our trust in them,'' Razvi said. The political leadership from Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party has not been far behind either. In a bid to win over this Muslim population, both parties have fielded at least two candidates each, based on AIJRM's recommendations.Between the two regional parties, there's more at stake, however, for Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party. In 2007, she won four out of nine assembly seats. Defending them this year, locals say, might pose a tough challenge in at least a few seats. For one, the winds of anti-incumbency are blowing across the state. Also, there is a degree of internal squabbling within the party ranks over ticket distribution. This, it is believed, could affect the BSP's chances. Bareilly district's Bhojipura assembly seat is witness to one such intra-party squabble. Despite winning the 2007 electoral battle, BSP's sitting MLA Shazil Islam Ansari has been denied a ticket. Instead, the party has fielded Akhlaq Ahmed. Ansari, however, is still in the fray, contesting on Ittehad-e-Millat Council ticket from Bhojipura. The poll battle won't be fought between Ahmed and Ansari alone. SP's Virendra Singh Gangwar, a Kurmi leader, will make it a tough battle of ballots in Bhojipura. A local resident of Bhojipura, Abdul Umar, said, \"A large Kurmi pocket resides in Bhojipura. The contest will be between the BSP, its sitting MLA who is recontesting from another party, and SP, which has fielded a Kurmi leader.''A similar tussle is building up in the BJP MP Maneka Gandhi's pocket borough, Aonla. In 2007, BSP's Radha Krishna swept Aonla. This year, Krishna has not been fielded. Instead, for the first time in 40 years, the BSP has fielded a Muslim candidate - Sajid Ali Khan - from the constituency. Khan, a builder from Ghaziabad, may be a relative outsider, but his status as a Muslim candidate for the ruling party, locals say, is believed to tip the balance in his favour.Samajwadi Party will be looking to consolidate its position in Bareilly district as well. Two of the three constituencies it won in 2007 - Sunha and Kawar-have changed after delimitation. In Sunha's realigned avatar, as Bithari Chainpur, SP's Dharmendra Kumar Kashyap will have to defend his former seat in a contest against BSP's Virendra Singh and BJP's Dr Maiku Lal Maurya. It could also be a tough political battle for SP in the Meerganj assembly seat. Known as Kawar before delimitation, the seat has Sultan Beg as sitting SP MLA. Denied a ticket by the party, however, Beg moved to BSP and is contesting on BSP ticket. From the SP, youth candidate Zahid Hussain has instead been given a chance. Shamim Ali, a trader in Meerganj, said: \"Traditionally, this has been an SP stronghold. However, with Beg moving parties, some voting loyalties may also shift. Also, Husain, SP's new candidate is a relative novice in the field.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12092053", "title": "Create leaders without titles, says Robin Sharma", "text": "Fresh out of a session on leading without title, Robin Sharma relaxed to the idea of a better world. The author of 'The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari', among other books for retrospective change, Sharma was in the city to plant thoughts for better living among Bangaloreans. An initiative by the NGO Rang De, Sharma flew to India after five years to spearhead Rang De's aspiration to rid India of poverty. And the winds of change are blowing.Excerpts from an interview.Leadership has been construed in various ways; it can create or destroy democracy. What is leadership for change? Leadership is not a popularity contest; it's about leaving your ego at the door. The name of the game is to lead without a title.So new leaders emerge, they are young and the goal seems so near, yet so far. How does the young leader sustain his/her path towards the goal? I've seen startups with fresh ideas - innovative thinking has been happening for at least a decade across India. For the new mindset, the path towards sustainability is to create value, establish facilities with new technology, create work spaces where people love to come to, and develop leaders along the way.Even as leaders without titles are created, the place of authority shifts. Where do companies stand in the long-run by doing so? The best companies now are the ones that are relatively fearless. If there are only three guys at the top of the organization handling things, it's the definition of a bankrupt company. In creating leaders without titles, we are going to have organizations with people at the helm putting forth their best.With spiritual leanings, aren't Indians already an enlightened lot? I would say that Indians, relative to people from other nations, have a huge appetite for self-exploration. I am obsessed with a few handful of enlightened people, but then there are only a handful. And those who are enlightened don't say they are! 'The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari' ... is about mental mastery, not about spirituality.When did you find nirvana? I was a litigation lawyer, following the crowd off the proverbial cliff, when I pressed the pause button. I read philosophy, met many people and then wrote... Then a woman said to me, 'I read all your books, but it hasn't made any impact'. The reader, after reading the book, must get the idea of how to bring about change, which in turn becomes her new behaviour.Change, you've indicated, involves being systematic. Doesn't it kill creativity? If you study the lives of Stephen King or John Grisham , they sit at their desks at 5am, and have ritualized it. Many great artists work that way. They didn't live in the moment. Let planning be the springboard, so that spirituality can be our splash. I wake up early and do pretty much all things on schedule three days a week. The other days, I switch off all communication channels, divorce myself from the world, create an uninterrupted block and then, read, dream...And you come inspired by the people you've met: Steve Jobs , Nelson Mandela , Mother Teresa and your children... What do you learn from your children? I learn from them to be a great dreamer - our lives reflect the signs of our thinking; to stand for excellence at every point and to be the kindest and the most courageous person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090487", "title": "MP, Sikkim win multiple tourism awards", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a nod to the active interest that states have taken in developing tourism, Madhya Pradesh and Sikkim swept the National Tourism Award ceremony with the maximum number of awards on Wednesday. While Madhya Pradesh got four awards, including best state for tourism infrastructure and best tourism film, Sikkim got the award for tourism infrastructure in the north-east and best state for the Clean India campaign.The awards, given by President Pratibha Patil , were an acknowledgement of the Indian tourism industry's enterprise. Among the awardees were leading hotel groups and tour operators, besides people in the travel and hospitality sector.Patil emphasized the need for responsible tourism. \"Tourism needs to be responsible which means that the footprints of tourists have to be handled in a manner that respects cultural traditions and protects fragile eco-systems,\" Patil said.Highlighting the importance of tourism, she said it was an important element of promoting understanding between peoples and about different cultures. \"It promotes people-to-people contacts. Tourism, in fact, is one of the windows of the country to the outside world. Our efforts, therefore, must not only be to give travellers an idea of what the country is but also what it is capable of.\"The President gave away prizes to 78 awardees in over 50 categories.Pitching for accelerated development of the tourism sector, tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai sought active involvement of industry to achieve the target of increasing foreign arrivals to 11 million by 2016. At present, India attracts nearly six million foreigners in a year.\"Efforts are on to promote India as a 365-day tourist destination to attract tourists with specific interests and to ensure repeat visits by tourists and also diversifying the tourism products by developing and promoting the nascent and upcoming niche products of the industry,\" Sahai said. \"The tourism sector is actively led by the industry and only facilitated by the government,\" he added.In an attempt to encourage states and Union Territories to put into place effective mechanism for maintaining cleanliness at tourist destinations, a new category of award for the 'Best State: Campaign Clean India' was introduced. In addition, two awards for the Best Heritage City and Best Heritage Walk were also introduced this year.Besides Madhya Pradesh and Sikkim, Rajasthan and Kerala also bagged awards for 2010-11.Rajiv Gandhi International Airport at Hyderabad was adjudged the best airport and New Delhi Railway Station got the award for best tourist-friendly station in the country.In his welcome address, minister of state for tourism Sultan Ahmed said tourism was an industry which worked with synergy with all stakeholders putting in their combined efforts to achieve desired results.He said the ministry looked forward to continued support from all stakeholders to ensure that India occupies its rightful place as a leading destination in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12091817", "title": "CBI court convicts 7 in 1988 graft case", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local CBI court has convicted and sentenced a company, its partners and a middle man for the offences under IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act after detecting corruption in supply of grease to the Indian Army after 24 years.CBI judge Jai Prakash Singh sentenced M/s Krishna Grease Company with Rs 2.5 lakh fine and its partners Azad Krishna Chaddha and Hari Krishna Chaddha with three-year jail term and Rs 2.5 lakh fine on each. The court also awarded three years imprisonment to the middle man Jay Kamal Vanshi and imposed Rs 3.5 lakh as fine. The court further released them on interim bail for a month. Due to lack of sufficient evidence, the court acquitted director of tender committee VK Gupta, members RP Singhal and B Suryanarayan. The committee was constituted under the Union defence ministry. tnnAccording to CBI prosecutor KP Singh, a tender to supply grease to the Army was awarded to the Kolkata-based M/s Krishna Grease Company in 1988. The contract was worth Rs 1.64 lakh. The grease was sent to different depots in the country and when it was used, its quality was found to be inferior. A departmental enquiry was set up and sample sent to Kanpur lab, which confirmed the inferior quality of the grease. The matter was entrusted to CBI, which chargesheeted the above seven under section 420, 467, 468, 471 of the IPC and section 13(1)(d) of the PCA Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090880", "title": "Patna University gears up to hold exams", "text": "PATNA: Even as more than 30,000 undergraduate and postgraduate students of Patna University (PU) are busy filling up their examination forms, PU authorities are gearing up to hold fair and peaceful examinations of 2012 commencing on March 14.The examinations of altogether 101 courses are to be completed by the end of May, said PU controller of examinations Vinay Soren. Ways to hold examinations smoothly were discussed at a meeting of PU officials and the principals of all the colleges held here recently under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh. It was decided that PU would write letters to the chancellor as well as the state government informing them about the examinations and seeking their cooperation in the fair conduct of examinations. The proctor has been asked to request Patna district administration to depute sufficient force accompanied by magistrates at all the examination centres during the entire period of examinations.As per PU's examination calendar, the current examination season of the university will start with the LL.B. Part III examination on March 14 followed by the examinations of degree-level vocational courses (part III) on March 16. The BA, BSc and BCom Part III honours examinations will commence on March 20. The examinations of MA, MSc and MCom Part II, post-graduation vocational courses (final year) and LLM Part II are scheduled to commence from March 26.The examinations of BA, BSc and BCom Honours Part II will commence on April 4, while those of BA, BSc and BCom Honours Part I are scheduled from May 9. The LLM Part I examination will commence from April 12, while the LLB Part II examination will start from March 27. The university has already selected the colleges for the centralized evaluation of answer books of different examinations. The results of all the examinations are likely to be published by the end of June so that the next academic session may start well on time.Use of cell phones and electronic gadgets by the examinees inside the examination halls will remain completely banned. The university is also likely to arrange for videography of the entire examinations at all the examination centres to curb the use of unfair means, said PU sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094422", "title": "Shootout At Wadala stars at Mehboob studios", "text": "The in and out casting stories of Sanjay Gupta and Ekta Kapoor's Shootout At Wadala were finally put to rest yesterday at a press conference at Mehboob studios.The captain of the ship, Gupta, invited his entire team on stage, which included S Husain Zaidi, Milap Zaveri, Sanjay F Gupta, Resul Pookutty, Bunty Negi and others. Anil Kapoor was at his humorous best when Ekta Kapoor walked in. Ekta, who was 'fashionably late', according to Gupta was surprised when Kapoor tried to touch her feet, a gesture to seek blessings or possibly thanking her for finally making it to the event.Apart from Kapoor, the rest of the cast members John Abraham, Kangna Ranaut, Mahesh Manjrekar, Sonu Sood and Manoj Bajpai also had a bit of fun with their producer. Shakti Kapoor's son, Siddhant Kapoor and body builder Sanjeev Singh Chadha who will be making their debut with this film, were also present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12092520", "title": "Taking the \u2018leap\u2019 on the once-in-4-yr date", "text": "PUNE: The marriage of foreigners Oliver Schauf and Pia Kleist in Pune was special not only because they tied the knot on Indian soil, but also because of the date appearing on their marriage certificate - February 29.The wedding was understandably the focus of interest at the office of the registrar of marriages in the district collectorate premises here on Wednesday. The office generally witnesses marriages where parents of either the groom or the bride are opposed to the union or of couples who choose to avoid the pomp and expenditure generally incurred on Indian weddings.As many as 10 marriages were solemnized at the office on Wednesday, and all 10 couples had waited for the once-in-fouryears' date.Oliver, a German national, is into beer manufacturing with an Indian partner in the city. Permanently settled in India, Oliver was seeing Pia, who is from Greenland .\"We thought of this date a few months ago when we decided to get married. Both of us prepared the documents and registered our names with the office. Then it was just a matter of waiting. We will certainly cherish the day - it is the most important day of our life,\" said Oliver.Asked what made them choose India to get married rather than either of their countries, Oliver said, \"It would have been a complicated situation to get back to either country to get married. As we would be living here, we decided to get married as per the local government's guidelines and regulations.\"While the couple was expressive about why they chose the date and venue, other couples were reticent, even refusing to divulge their identity.Among the newlyweds was an IT professional working with a Koregaon Park-based company. He had planned to get married this summer, but his bride persuaded him to tie the knot on Wednesday. Speaking to TOI, he said, \"Our family members are not aware of this marriage. We will marry again in summer as per schedule and then tell them about the registered marriage.\"Asked whether this would annoy the family , the groom said, \"She will be staying at her home till the summer wedding. We found it simply exciting to get married on February 29.\"Another two couples, who had also planned to get married this summer, faced opposition from their families when brought up the prospect of a registered marriage on Wednesday. \"We, therefore, decided to get married secretly. We will decide later whether to reveal this marriage date to our families,\" the groom said.Marriage officer R M Parekar said, \"Since the last two months, couples had begun enquiring about the February 29 date and related formalities and preparations. I had thought that there would be a rush but only 10 couples turned up, which is as good as our daily average.\"In the last leap year (2008 ), the office had registered 11 marriages on February 29, Parekar said.The office generally witnesses rush in the early hours. The procedure of registered marriage is mostly finished before the official lunch hour, as the bride and the groom usually seek some concession from their respective offices. Very rarely, a registerd marriage takes place in post lunch session, he said.In most cases, the bride and the groom are from the same educational institution or work place, but due to opposition from families , they opt for registered marriage, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091334", "title": "Students, teachers hit it off at Xavier's College", "text": "RANCHI: The annual sports meet at St Xavier's College was not just restricted to students but teachers also participated in various fun competitions.The off-stage events started on February 23 with almost two to three events everyday. These events included shot put, javelin throw, discuss throw, long jump, triple jump, 400-meter and 800-meter race. The grand event was organized on February 29 in which various fun events were organized for students as well as the staff of the college.Sports teacher Ram Murmu said, \"Such events help in developing sportsmanship among students and also discovering many hidden talents.\"The programme started with the lighting of the torch followed by oath-taking by students. Competitions organized included bursting the balloon for men and musical chair for women. Other programmes were 'Hit the tin' and 'Goli chammach'.History professor S N Das said, \"Here is a chance to know students outside the class. It is fun and also gives both the students and teachers a break from monotony.\"Winner Vaibhav said, \"We are so much engrossed in our daily classes that we do not get a chance to polish our non-academic skills. This sports event gave us a chance to brush up our athletic skills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12089758", "title": "More youth wanted for Sadbhavana fast", "text": "The state government has admitted that instructions were issued by the General Administration Department and the Youth and Cultural affairs to the education department to get more participation for the Sadbhavana fast. The government, in reply to Shahpur MLA Gyasuddin Shaikh, has ordered to gather the opinion of the youth across the state over development, unity and brotherhood. Instructions were issued for ensuring maximum participation of students. The government has said that such instructions are also issued by the Central Government on the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and also for the week-long celebration for unity and peace in the country. This \"Quami Ekta week\" is celebrated every year between November 19-25.Gohil warned against raising issues within Speaker's purviewSpeaker Ganpat Vasava has in a ruling directed leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil not to raise questions over issues falling within his purview. On Tuesday, Gohil had raised a point of order seeking a ruling from the speaker over the passing of information from the officer's gallery to the ministers. The speaker said that \"allowing any officer to be part of the proceedings of the house was his purview and the speaker can permit any officer. Also, there is a set principal that officers can pass on the latest information to ministers. Hence, the leader of opposition Shaktisinh should not raise issues which fall within the purview of the speaker.\"Shortfall in Urdu teachersAhmedabad district and city has vacancies for 155 Urdu teachers. Of these, the Ahmedabad city has vacancy for 152 teachers and the district has a shortfall of three teachers. The state government has in a reply to Jamalpur MLA Shabbir Khedawala said that these positions were vacant for long and the government intends to fill these vacancies as soon as possible.Ahmedabad primary schools short of spaceThere is a shortage of 569 classrooms in various primary schools in Ahmedabad district. The state government in reply to Dhandhukha MLA Ranchod Mer has said that Viramgam Taluka headed the district with a shortfall of 267 classrooms, followed by Daskroi, Bavla and Ahmedabad city, with 108, 48 and 43 classrooms, respectively. The state government has stated that in the year 2012-13, the government will ensure that this shortfall of classroom was taken care.State government leases out 7.79 crore sq m landThe state government leased 7.79 crore square meters of land in Ahmedabad district and city. In a written reply to Sherkotda MLA Shailesh Parmar's question, the government said that there was a change of use in one case. In a case about 2963.39 square meters of land, it was noticed that the leaseholder was pursuing construction of a hotel which was against the lease agreement. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090836", "title": "Move on EVS will cut load on pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the NCERT affidavit relating to EVS in court, boards across the country are doing away with the subject and clipping components of environmental studies to the existing palette of languages, maths, science and social sciences while keeping the core idea of \"connecting knowledge to life outside the school\"intact. Chairman of the Maharashtra State Board Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Sarjarao Jadhav confirmed that from the coming academic year, students of class IX and X will no longer be required to study EVS separately.\"Students of class three to five will study environmental studies as a separate subject (as most boards don't introduce social studies or sciences till class VI),\" said Gagan Gupta, associate professor in the science department at NCERT. EVS was introduced in schools and colleges following a December 18, 2003 Supreme Court order that directed boards to make the subject compulsory in educational institutions.In June 2005, most state boards rolled out EVS in their schools, but did not alter the overall marking matrix for the higher classes: in schools, EVS was tested internally for 50 marks, but the scores were eventually converted to a grade that was reflected in the final marks card.By including its components in existing subjects, not only has NCERT done away with a subject, but also tried to render EVS more important. Suffusing it with other subjects also means that the last-minute preparations that EVS was synonymous with, will no longer work. \"Students can no longer take EVS lightly for it will now be a component of all the subjects that they are being marked for,\" said Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091441", "title": "Morarji Desai's 116th birth anniversary celebrated in Valsad", "text": "SURAT: A large number of people paid tributes to former prime minister Morarji Desai at Valsad on Wednesday on the occasion of his 116th birth anniversary. Senior BJP leader L K Advani and Morarji Desai's great grandson Madhukeshwar Desai were present at the function.Advani, who became minister for the first time in the government headed by Desai, arrived in Surat by air and from there reached Valsad. He paid tributes to Morarji's statue opposite APMC before taking part in the main event organized at Kusum Vidyalaya.\"I was not aware that my great grand father is still so popular in his home town,\" said Madhukeshwar, 24, a law professional based in Mumbai.Advani said the first non Congress government after emergency was headed by Morarji. \"Congress could not get even a single seat in many states in the elections held after emergency. Morarjibhai was known as a strict person. He paid attention to those discussions which were good for society at large,\" Advani said.Madhukeshwar is son of Jagdeep Desai, younger son of Kanti Desai, son of Morarji Desai. After completing his law studies, Madhukeshwar took interest in the social service in Gujarat and visited 126 centres of Morarji Desai Lokkelavni Trust across the state. \"I am not involved in the trust activities full time but will do so at regular intervals,\" he said.Earlier, Madhukeshwar had accompanied Advani during his Jan Chetna Yatra for 38 days. \"I had gone to Advaniji to invite him for the 116th birth anniversary celebration of Morarji Desai. When he asked me to join the yatra, I agreed,\" Madhukeshwar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091732", "title": "At home in galis, havelis and baolis", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a new generation, but their focus is the past. They are interested in preserving heritage of Delhi, the city with over 1,200 historical buildings of which only a fraction is under protection. More and more schools are coming forward to adopt monuments, while special heritage walks are making students interested in the city's history.Heritage experts say museums can play a bigger role in becoming a link between children and the city's heritage. In 2008, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) opened a special museum for kids at Siri Fort, which has become quite a hit among children. It houses artefacts and relics recovered from historical sites all over the country and has on display rare findings by the ASI during excavation.Many experts say there are a handful of children-specific museums in Delhi like the National Children's Museum, National Rail Museum and the Shankar's Doll Museum, but very few conduct interactive programmes and workshops for kids. The National Museum holds workshops in summer for school students, and the Siri Fort museum holds paintings competitions and workshops for children, but experts say these are insufficient. \"Museums must be accountable to the younger generation and play a bigger role in having interactive programmes and learning environments for children. Museums need to educate children on the history and evolution of mankind and provide a better platform to encourage more kids to visit these places,\" said Anand Vardhan, secretary of the Museum Association of India.The India National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) has played an active role in making children aware of their city's culture. The young Intach section gets school students to participate in events like forming heritage clubs, taking pledges to protect monuments, and making site plans to develop areas around monuments. It also encourages schools to adopt monuments. \"Almost 40 schools have adopted monuments and are involved in keeping the areas surrounding these monuments clean and educate the public against graffiti. We also have a heritage film festival for school students where they make films on Delhi's heritage. Since this festival started in 2008, over 350 such short films have been made on the city's tangible and intangible heritage,\" said Purnima Datt of Intach.The ASI, in collaboration with the Aga Khan Trust for Culture, has also come out with a children's book on Humayun's Tomb with colourful illustrations and simple narrative that reads like a storybook. The culture ministry is planning a series of such books on all world heritage sites.Schools have also become proactive in organizing heritage walks for students. Ameeta Mulla Wattal, principal, Springdales, Pusa Road, said, \"Students of Classes IX and X have adopted Agrasen ki Baoli. They have mapped the colony and done a study of baolis in Delhi and the life and culture of people from those periods. Students from Class VI onwards are taken on regular heritage walks to many monuments to give them a sense of belonging with Delhi's heritage. These activities help students link the past of the city with the present as they get a better understanding of how life has evolved in the city over the centuries.\"D R Saini, principal, DPS R K Puram, added, \"Besides heritage walks, students also participate in workshops and seminars on the city's history regularly. It is also mandatory for students to visit all monuments in the vicinity of the school whenever they have time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091108", "title": "SSC student commits suicide in Chikhli", "text": "PUNE: Just a day before the SSC exams begin, a standard X student allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself with a sari at her house in Chikhli, about 40 km from here. The incident took place around 12.20 pm on Wednesday.The Dehu Road police identified the 16-year-old girl as Bhagirathi Karvasayya Hiremath of Salunkhe building in Jadhavwadi.Investigating officer Sampat Gaikwad said Bhagirathi was a student of a private high school in Chikhli. Her brother, Chidanand, too, is preparing for the board exam. \"Bhagirathi ended her life when Chidanand had gone out of the house to recharge the sim card of his cellphone. Their parents, too, had gone out,\" Gaikwad said.When Chidanand returned home after 15 minutes, he found the door locked from inside. He contacted his relatives when there was no response from Bhagirathi. They rushed to the house along with Chidanand's mother. \"The relatives broke open the door with the help of neighbours and found Bhagirathi hanging from the ceiling fan,\" Gaikwad said. No suicide note was found in the house.Bhagirathi's father, Karvasayya, works as a driver, while her mother Pramila does household work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12092581", "title": "Lending weight to the fight against turban ban", "text": "PATIALA: He has never stepped out of the country, but the ban on turban in France has agitated a 45-year-old Nihang so much that he has taken it upon himself to add 'weight' to his protest by sporting a headgear that weighs 70 kg and is 800 metres long.However, the size and weight of Balwant Singh's turban has been growing gradually. According to Balwant, who hails from Yamunanagar in Haryana and was in Patiala on a personal visit on Wednesday, initially he used to wear a turban measuring only 10 metres.\"We are Sikh soldiers and have won many battles and defeated many of those who challenged our religion. I started increasing the size of my turban in 2005, to convey the message that we won't let go of our turban at any cost. Like me, all must take a strong stand against the turban ban, instead of merely requesting other countries to allow us to wear turban,\" said Balwant.A cursory glance would make one feel that it would be impossible to go about your normal routine with such a weighty headgear, but when people see Balwant going about his work like other Sikh wearing a turban of usual size, they realize that he has mastered the art of carrying it without any problem.He told TOI that he was going to try increasing the size of his turban a little more. He has even put on Sikh religious symbols like khanda and small swords on his big turban. Balwant wants to inspire youngsters to fight the turban ban not by requesting, but by defying the ban, which is violation of fundamental religious rights.\"People, especially youngsters, look at me whenever I cross roads or any marketplace for that matter. I believe I am successful in inspiring youngsters to fight against turban ban in my own style,\" said Balwant, when asked whether his novel way was proving to be successful or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12089965", "title": "BJP finalizes Sole\u2019s name for NMC mayor post", "text": "NAGPUR: City BJP president and senior corporator Anil Sole is all set to become Nagpur's next mayor. In a meeting of the parliamentary board of BJP held on Wednesday night, Sole's name was finalized for the nomination of mayor's post. Sole will file his name at 10.30am on Thursday.Similarly, former mayor and senior Congress corporator Vikas Thakre will be leader of opposition group. As per sources in the Congress, president of city Congress committee Jaiprakash Gupta has sent the name of Thakre as the leader of Congress front to the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC).As per sources in the Shiv Sena, BJP has decided to give the post of deputy mayor to Shiv Sena, maintaining the previous trend. It is a big development for Sena as BJP was holding the decision while waiting for BSP. But BSP has made it clear that it will work in the NMC alone.As a formality, Congress has also decided to nominate two women corporators for the post of mayor and deputy mayor. The nomination forms have to be submitted on Thursday.As per sources, corporator from Medical ward Sujata Kombade will submit the nomination form for the post of mayor and corporator from Hansapuri ward Ifthikar Ashrafu will file papers for the deputy mayor's post.The Congress will register its front with the divisional commissionerate on Thursday with Thakre as its leader. On Thursday, the Congress will register Nagpur Purogami Vikas Aghadi, comprising 41 corporators. The MPCC will declare Thakre's name and send a letter to the city Congress committee.During the election of mayor and deputy mayor, the Congress will submit the letter to the new mayor and Thakre will officially become the leader of opposition group. Thakre is already leader of opposition from last two years.NCP had already registered with divisional commissionerate on the party's name with its six corporators.NCP city president Ajay Patil told TOI, registration was done before couple of days. The name of group leader of NCP will be declared and registered on Thursday,\" he said.Sources in Shiv Sena said that the party leadership at the state level will finalize the name for the post of deputy mayor on Thursday morning.Later, the selected candidate will file the nomination form for the post of deputy mayor. Six corporators of Shiv Sena were elected, of which three are senior corporators, Kishor Kumeriya, Bandu Talwekar and Alka Dalal.The names of one of these three will be selected for the post. Of the remaining two, one will be given the post of group leader and other as member of standing committee.As per election programme declared by the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, the election for mayor, deputy mayor, nomination for 16 members of standing committee and 5-9 members of five consultative committees will be held on March 5 at Town Hall.The scrutiny of forms will be done at 10 am on March 5, followed by withdrawal of nominations and declaration of final contestants. Later, the election will be held for mayor and deputy mayor posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092183", "title": "CM meets N-plant protesters, offers no commitment", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday remained non-committal in a brief meeting with anti-nuclear activists on the Kudankulam project. Members of the People's Movement against Nuclear Energy emerged from the meeting and reiterated their determination to continue the protests.Activists, led by PMANE convener S P Udayakumar, met Jayalalithaa at the secretariat for about 15 minutes.Udayakumar said the CM reacted neither positively or negatively regarding their apprehensions. \"We are continuing with our relay fast. Reading from her (CM's ) body language, the way she patiently, cordially listened to us makes me feel optimistic,\" Udayakumar told TOI.\"Now that the committee has submitted its report and we have presented our side of the story,she has to weigh both the sides and take a decision,\" he added.A state-constituted expert panel, headed by former Atomic Energy Commission chairman and strong votary of nuclear power M R Srinivasan, had submitted its report to Jayalalithaa on Tuesday, approving thesafety featuresof the reactors at the Kudankulam plant.The meeting has come against the back drop of government action against four NGOs which have been suspected of diverting funds to fuel the protests. With all indications that the state, grappling with a serious power shortage, is likely to cooperate with the Centrein getting the Kudankulam nuclear power plant commissioned, the response to the activists is significant.Sources told TOI that the state was unlikely to precipitate matters until the Sankarakoil assembly byelection scheduled for March 18.\"Our people rely on her. We have put a request to visit us, but shewas neither affirmative nor negative,\" Udayakumar said. Udayakumar dubbed the state-constituted committee's report one-sided, besides refuting the charges that the protest was funded by foreign sources. He said the Centre was waging psychologica lwarfare against the agitators. \"Neither I nor anyone in PMANE have links with any foreign countries or agencies. The Centre is waging a psychological war against us by arresting foreigners,freezing NGOs' accounts and running a false propaganda that we are funded by them. We are pure andclean,with no political ambitions and money aspirations,\" he said. Reacting to home minister P Chidambaram's remarks that German national Sonneteg Reiner Hermann was deported \"because he was associated with activities not consistent with his tourist visa,\" Udayakumar accused him of making \"wild allegations.\" \"Why did they not file charges against him ? If he has done something wrong, he should have been arrested and prosecuted according to thelawof theland,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091882", "title": "Lieutenant General Ahluwalia retires after 40 years of service", "text": "Lt Gen VK Ahluwalia, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Central Command retired on Wednesday after nearly four decades of service in the Armed Forces. He took over the reins of Central Command on March 1, 2010 as the 28th Army Commander of Central Command from Lt Gen JK Mohanty. On this occasion, Lt Gen VK Ahluwalia was given a Guard of Honour at Surya auditorium complex in Cantonment here. An alumnus of the National Defence Academy, Lt Gen Ahluwalia was commissioned into the Regiment of Artillery from Indian Military Academy on November 14, 1971. He has had a distinguished career with prestigious command, staff and instructional assignments. A pioneer of Bofor guns, having been trained in Sweden , he raised the first Bofors battery of the Indian Army. For his distinguished and meritorious service, he was awarded Param Vishisht Seva Medal, Ati Vishisht Seva Medal and Yudh Seva Medal. Lt Gen Ahluwalia is being replaced by Lt Gen Anil Chait. Lt Gen Anil Chait was the Commandant of Army War College in MHOW. He has commanded the 54th Infantry Division and 2nd Corps and is credited to raise the first Reorganised Amphibious Formation (RAMFOR) in the Army.Felicitated: KK Hospital at a function organised on Wednesday, felicitated Prof Mahdi Hasan, an eminent anatomist who has been conferred with Padmashri. On this occasion, Prof KM Singh, described Prof Hasan a great teacher of generations of teachers and doctors apart from being a teacher par excellence. Dr MK Mitra said that Prof Hasan is a teacher, researcher, academician and a sportsman who has always been a philosopher and guide for his students. Later, Prof Hasan along with Prof A Haleem inaugurated the DNB course.Leap Day: Department of zoology, Lucknow University in association with Regional Science City, UP State Biodiversity Board and Amphibian Network of South Asia organised Leap Day on Wednesday. The programme aimed at creating awareness among students regarding amphibian conservation through various competitions based on amphibian topics.About 162 students participated in various events. the quiz, 190 wrote slogans on amphibian conservation, more than 50 students participated in frog leap and 126 students participated in the art competition.Elected: Following have been elected as office-bearers of Lucknow branch of CIRC of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India for the year 2012-13. Chairman: Rajeev Sharma, vice chairman: Shiv Narain Gupta, secretary: Shashank Mishra and treasurer: Bharat Ratna Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12091701", "title": "Kerala temple hunts for Hindu gemologist for treasure audit", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The inventorying of valuables in the vaults of Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple has hit an unexpected roadblock: the expert committee appointed by the Supreme Court could not find enough qualified gemologists to assess the worth of precious stones stored there.Of the three gemologists working in the department of mining and geology, whose services were sought, one is a woman, the other a non-Hindu and the third is currently preoccupied elsewhere. While the last obstacle could probably be remedied, temple customs and rituals categorically rule out the first two. Sources said the stock taking of valuables in the vaults was stopped temporarily as the committee could not decide how to solve this crisis. \"There are only three experienced officials in the department. One is a woman and the other a Christian male. The third person, the only Hindu male, is currently part of the Kerala mineral squad and his services need to be relieved from there for engaging in the temple assignment,\" a source said.For carrying out inventorying in a time-bound manner, at least five gemologists need to be in the team. Given the limited choice before the expert committee, it looks like they would have to rope in retired directors of the department of mining and geology who have the necessary qualification in gemology. Another option is to train the Hindu male geologists in the department in gemology and use their services.Out of the eight geologists and seven assistants at the department of mining and geology, only four people have undergone expert training in gemology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "rampur", "code": "12092136", "title": "UP polls: Rampur\u2019s Khan vs 'queen' Noor Bano &amp; cine queen Jaya Prada", "text": "RAMPUR: \"I want to destroy his arrogance.... he used filthy words for a woman... shattered my dreams,\" Jaya Prada, Amar Singh protege and cine queen, is back with her tearjerker. So is the battle of Rampur.The MP, whose fight with royalty Begum Noor Bano has turned the sleepy nawab town into a nationally-watched drama, is breathing fire against Azam Khan, the Samajwadi who bit the dust in his bastion while trying to ensure her defeat in the 2009 LS polls. Jaya thinks she can repeat the feat.In 2012, the two ladies-Rampur ki Begum and Rampur ki Kali -are not in contest but are supposedly trying to stop the acerbic Khan. The Congress has deployed the 'social conscience' of Dr Tanvir to contrast with 'street fighter' Khan. Amar Singh's Lok Manch has fielded Reshma, chairperson of the local civic board.Though they have a common anti-Khan objective, the ladies are facing off again. \"Jaya Prada is not targeting Khan, else she would not have put up a candidate in the city.... She is only helping Khan by dividing the votes,\" the Begum told TOI.An indignant cine-queen claimed otherwise. \"Did you think I'd win? I won in the last three days. Congress could have spoken to us about Rampur.\"The buzz is that sitting MLA Khan is on a roll, having warned doctors supporting Tanvir at a public meet. The recontesting Khan could stop the Congress campaign in its tracks, Tanvir backers going silent since Khan is famous for revenge. Begum Noor Bano recalls how he \"razed the under-litigation Benazir Palace of the Nawab family to the ground, just to prove he called the shots during Mulayam's rule.\"The anti-Khan hope rests on that thing called \"miracle\". BJP sympathizers could vote for the Congress and the Lok Manch could transfer its votes to Tanvir in a lastminute gang up. Jaya argued delimitation had increased the Hindu voters and restored demographic balance.Rampur, in Rohilkhand, turned into a mustwatch poll battle the day the SP took Jaya out of Hyderabad and pitted her against Bano in 2004. Begum lost to the outsider, and the actress claimed she was the new \"Rampur ki kali\". The 2009 LS polls took Jaya to a new level when, in the teeth of a vocal opposition from a rebellious Khan, she romped home.Politics, however, turned the pretty face into a polarizing figure. She was at the heart of the feud in the SP camp, first pushing Khan out of the party and then facilitating his return once she and mentor Singh left.Back on the poll turf after nearly three years, Jaya is in full flow. Her melodrama, interspersed with Urdu she picked from Hyderabad and Bollywood, hit a new high on Monday when she broke into tears at a public rally. \"Aap bahut jazbaati ho gayi thi... lekin logon ne aapke jazbaaton ka aihetaraam kiya (you turned emotional but people respected it),\" flattered Afroz, Reshma's husband, at a midnight strategy session in a luxury hotel. The actress just smiled.Hit hai bhai...Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12091457", "title": "37 pilgrims stuck up in Narmada estuary saved", "text": "BHARUCH: As many as 37 pilgrims doing a parikrama (round trip) of river Narmada had a providential escape after their boat was stuck up at the river's estuary on Tuesday morning.As a part of the tradition to complete the ritual, the pilgrims have to cross river Narmada from Katpore village in Hansot taluka to Jageshwar in Vagra taluka at opposite side. All these pilgrims were crossing the river in a boat. The distance of the round trip is 22 km and it takes around three hours.Of the total 100 pilgrims, 37 had boarded on a motor boat at 7 am from Katpore village on Tuesday. After about two hours, the boat came to a standstill as it developed a technical glitch.The situation turned tense as the sea became rough and the tides strong. One of the pilgrims Natubhai Patel called some of his friends from his mobile phone, who in turn informed the district administration officials. After an hour, Hansot and Dahej police sent their boats from Jageshwar site to save them.An experienced sailor Babubhai Vasava of Luwara village was called by the police for rescue operation. Vasava took his own boat and shifted all the 37 pilgrims in it at around 3 pm on Tuesday.Five years ago, three pilgrims had drowned in a similar incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090980", "title": "Govt to probe 12 more cases of NGOs' 'fund diversion'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into non-governmental organizations involved in the stir against the Kudankulam nuclear power project may not be limited to four entities. The Centre has written to the Tamil Nadu government seeking a green signal to probe 12 additional cases of 'fund diversion' against other organizations under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA).At present, cases are being probed by the Tamil Nadu police's crime branch against two NGOs. These are believed to be Trust for Rural Upliftment and Education and Good Vision Trust. The CBI is expected to register two other cases against Tuticorin Diocese Association and Rural Uplift Centre on the basis of inputs referred to it by the Union home ministry.\"The CBI has recently received two references from the ministry of home affairs alleging contravention of the provisions of FCRA against two Tamil Nadu-based NGOs. These are being examined for appropriate further action,\" said an agency official. The agency is awaiting the response of the state government in 12 additional cases.To a question whether these actions were linked to the anti-nuclear protests in Kundankulam, Chidambaram said, \"I have not said a word about Kundankulam...investigation reveal that there appears to be diversion of funds. Therefore, under FCRA we have decided to register cases.\"He did not name the NGOs facing cases and on being asked about MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy's statements on the anti-nuclear groups he said, \"I can't answer hypothetical questions. Only after investigations details can be revealed. It was for media to speculate.\"Chidambaram said inspection of NGO accounts was routine and initial inspections revealed violations by four NGOs.The home minister said cases have been filed as \"There is reason to believe that funds were diverted from the purpose for which foreign funds were given. Prima facie there is evidence to register cases.\"Talking to TOI over phone from Nagarcoil, Maria James of Rural Uplift Centre said: \"Our organization did not at all involve in any kind of fund diversion. We have nothing to do with the protestors of the Kudankulam project.\"Admitting that the account of his organization was frozen on February 13, James said: \"We had filed a revision petition with the home ministry on February 21 and waiting for its response. Officials visited our Centre and could not find anything incriminating. We are fully cooperating with all those officers who visited us in connection with the probe\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091421", "title": "Ramesh promises MGNREGA funds release in state", "text": "RANCHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Wednesday assured release of the second instalment of funds for implementation of schemes under the MGNREGA at the earliest.The non-release of second instalment of around Rs 900 crore by the Union government has hit execution of schemes under the MGNREGA in many districts. \"I was not aware that the second instalment has not been released. I was informed by the officials today about the delay. I have convened a meeting at Delhi in which officials from the state will also be present to ensure that the matter is resolved and the second instalment is released immediately,\" said Ramesh after the two-hour review meeting with chief secretary S K Chaudhary, development commissioner Debasish Gupta, home secretary J B Tubid and other officers at the secretariat.He reviewed the progress of the Rs 250-crore Saranda Development Plan and other Centre-sponsored schemes like the Pradhan Mantari Gram Sadak Yojna. In Saranda Development Plan, the Union government plans to develop 54 Naxalite-hit villages in Manoharpur block of West Singhbhum by constructing roads, integrated development centres and houses. At the same time, every household will also get free solar lamps, bicycle and a radio.He also assured early release of around Rs 170 crore that would be used in 17 Maoist-hit districts under the Integrated Action Plan. \"I am happy that the progress of work in Saranda is very smooth and we hope that two out of the 13 roads will be constructed in a record time of five months. I will visit Saranda on May 31 and inaugurate the roads and also one of the six integrated development centres,\" said Ramesh.On watershed management projects in the state, he said that his ministry would permit the Jharkhand government to use NGOs in 50% of the projects. At present, only 25% works can be allotted to NGOs. \"Since the state government lacks resources for construction of watershed management projects as a special case will allow NGOs to execute 50% of the projects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091437", "title": "Impact fee: SMC to rake in big bucks", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC) is expecting a deluge of applications seeking regularization of unauthorized structures - commercial and residential - with the new impact fee regulation coming in.The civic body also expects to earn much more than Rs 100 crore which it got in 2000 when the regulation came in to force as government's one-time offer. At that time, more than 17,000 applications had come in.According to SMC's town planning department, number of applications may be very high with the city limit expanded and the size of the city tripling to 326 sq km from just 125 sq km in 11 years ago.The new provisions has expanded its scope of regularization by including juni sharat (old tenure) and navi sharat (new tenure) land without non-agriculture (NA) on which constructions have come.People who have built more than permissible limit on the ground floors or in the margins can also get their construction regularized. Even those who have built a floor on the normal height and exceeded their maximum permissible limits of construction, can also be regularized now by paying the impact fee. A construction on a common plot of the society with due permissions of its members will also be regularized.\"Constructors, builders and developers who have built up commercial complexes before the cut off date of March 28, 2011 are at an advantage. In this new offer, those constructions which don't have proper parking or sanitary facility are also covered along with those where purpose of construction is changed from residential to commercial or other way around.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"We have a much bigger catchment area when compared to year 2000 but our work will still be result-oriented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094934", "title": "Richa Panai's new act", "text": "Richa Panai, with her fresh looks and bewitching smile, captivated the audience in the movie Vadamalli. Though the movie did not make it big at the box office, Richa didn't go unnoticed.She is thrilled about her next Mollywood outing. \"After working with debutant directors in my earlier outings I'm quite happy to work with an experienced director like P Chandrakumar.It is a new learning experience. He makes all the work so easy,\" says Richa. The yet-to-be named thriller has Richa acting opposite Rahul Madhav, her co-star in Vadamalli. The major part of the movie was short in Sri Lanka . \"It's a different kind of a movie. Since it's a thriller I cannot reveal much about my character,\" says Richa. The movie will hit the screens in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091665", "title": "NGO officials detained for sexually harassing children", "text": "BANGALORE: Two officials of a non-governmental organisation were detained by police for allegedly sexually harassing and brutally assaulting children at its shelter. Devanahalli Airport police station officers confirmed that John Charles, general manager, Church of Christ, an NGO located on Bellary Road in Chellaghatta, and board member, John Williams, were picked up for questioning.They said a case with multiple charges, including sexual abuse and assault, will be booked against the duo after interrogation. On Wednesday evening, Child Welfare Committee (CWC) members raided the home following a complaint lodged with them through Childline, a children's helpline, on Tuesday night by anonymous persons and rescued 42 children - 19 girls and 23 boys all between the age of 8 and 18.Nina Nayak, chairperson, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR), said girls in the home told counsellors they had been sexually abused. After the complaint from Childline, CWC first visited the home and realized the matter was grave before conducting the raid.CWC members told TOI there were visible injury marks on the children's bodies. All the children will be relocated to different homes and will be produced before the CWC court. Two girls have been sent back to their parents. \"We're moving the remaining girls to the APSA home nearby and the boys will be moved to the Don Bosco home. On Thursday, boys will be produced in the CWC Court No 1 and girls in CWC Court No 2 on Friday,\" said Meena Jain, chairman, CWC Court No 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12090207", "title": "Spanco\u2019s Rs 60cr cheque to MSEDCL bounces", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) does not seem interested in taking action against Spanco Limited for arrears worth crores, no action has been taken against the power distribution franchisee even after a cheque worth 60 crore to MSEDCL was dishonoured.Union leader Mohan Sharma said MSEDCL had issued bills of 505 crore to Spanco between June 3, 2011 and February 14, 2012. \"Spanco has paid just 287 crore until February 21. The remaining amount of 237 crore is pending. Spanco failed to pay the entire amount even after several deadlines given since August 2011. Still, MSEDCL has not taken any action against Spanco,\" he said.Sharma further said that Spanco has taken undue advantage of the relaxation given to it by the MSEDCL. \"Spanco had issued a cheque of 60 crore to MSEDCL but it was dishonoured. MSEDCL had taken stringent action against the consumers in case of cheque bounce in bill payments. But in case of Spanco, MSEDCL is not at all interested in initiating any action,\" he charged.The union leader said that had the escrow account been active since the beginning, the cash-strapped MSEDCL would have received payments from Spanco from time to time. But the escrow account was opened from January 2, 2012 after directives by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Sharma claimed that even now, Spanco was depositing just 70% of its collection in the escrow account and paid 10 crore against the cheque bounce of 60 crore.A spokesperson at Spanco's Nagpur office said that the matter was related to their head office in Mumbai and he could not comment on the issue.Meanwhile, vice-president of MPCC's agriculture wing Sandip Agrawal charged Pawar with misleading the House during winter session of the state legislature. \"Pawar claimed in the House on December 23 last year that the escrow account was in operation, whereas the escrow account was opened on January 2, 2012. Besides, Pawar had assured the house to recover the entire dues by December 31. Still, Spanco owes 237 crore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090350", "title": "Mhada plot was divided without govt approval", "text": "MUMBAI: The city civil court's remarks about 'fraud' in the Borivli land case led to a hue and cry in the corridors of Mhada, after which Mhada CEO Satish Govai conducted an internal inquiry, which indicated that the senior IAS officers and their juniors had committed grave violations, leading Mhada to lose land.The officers are accused of dividing the plot without government permission, giving 40% to someone who claimed to have a power-of-attorney from the actual claimant, not checking the actual state of the land and hiding facts (like the presence of slumdwellers), not measuring the land to help a developer grab a portion for an SRA project and not checking SRA documents.Sachin Ahir, minister of state for housing, said, \"We'll investigate the matter and take action if it's proved that someone is involved in fraud. It's not only illegal, but also a case of cheating the state.\"The case dates back to 1970, when the government invited objections to transferring CTS 212 in Magathane to Mhada. With no objections raised, Mhada was given the title. However, in 1982-83, Puribai Devraj Khambala and two other people, who remained unnamed, went to the civil court claiming rights over portions of the property.While Khambala passed away in the late 1990s, Mhada in the early 2000s consented in court to give 40% of the land to her while keeping 60% for itself. In 2005, the court approved this. Mhada officers then allegedly allowed a developer claiming to have Khambala's power-of-attorney to get the 40%. Later, the developer filed a suit in the civil court saying that he was not getting a clear title.In 2009, the court passed strict orders against Mhada for misleading the court in an attempt to help the developer get an order in his favour. The court stated that \"fraud had been practised by both the sides (Mhada and the developer) in the court\". Mhada's internal inquiry then followed, which also found that the remaining 60% of the land had been encroached by a builder for an SRA project.Mhada then began a probe against the junior officers and asked the state to probe the IAS officers.A senior Mhada officer said notices were issued to the nine subordinates a couple of months ago and some are still to file replies.The state issued notices to the IAS officers recently. The senior IAS officers were unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12092635", "title": "Unidentified man found murdered in McLeodganj hotel", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: An unidentified was found murdered in a guest house owned by a Tibetan on Bhagsu Road in McLeodganj on Wednesday.The person in whose name the room was booked has gone absconding. The deceased was stated to be in late 20s while no identity document was found on him.Police said the victim was apparently stabbed and hit hard on the head with a broken beer bottle. A team of forensic experts have visited the spot and have lifted evidence, they said.According to the owner of Kunga guest house, Tenzin Dondyo, a Kashmiri person named Ujjair Basheer had booked the room in his guest house on February 26. Basheer was alone while checking in, who is absconding now.\"Ujjair Basheer was seen last on Tuesday evening. We have got an identity card of that person, but full details are not there. No one has seen the deceased entering the guest house\" said Dondyo.Police was informed on Wednesday morning when the guest house owners got suspicious after they found the room locked from outside till late morning.Police also maintained that there was a CCTV footage in which suspects were seen sitting in the restaurant of the guest house.SP, Diljeet Thakur, said that police have registered a case under section 302 and was looking for the suspect. The body has been sent for postmortem. \"No identity proof was found on the deceased while a handkerchief was found stuffed in his mouth,\" he said.Police have issued instructions to all hoteliers to be strict about recording the details of customers. \"We have also asked hoteliers to install CCTV cameras in their hotels,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12090846", "title": "Did the police department mishandle the Velim issue?", "text": "Police have not handled the issue properly. They must be more sensitive and understand the nature of every problem they are called upon to deal with. Reaction of people in the area should also be taken into consideration. People are not insane to take law in their own hands.Vandana Joglawyer, SancordaThe issue in Velim was wrongly handled by the CID officers. According to the CID, they went to assess the situation in the village. The cops should not have gone at 9pm for this purpose as it was a wrong time. Besides, no proper intimation was given to the priest. All the same, the attack on the CID officials was unprovoked and unwarranted and should not have taken place.Vishnudas Vernekarretd SP, MargaoYes. In fact there was no reason for the police to go to the place at that time of the night. It was an unauthorized visit and could have been avoided. They accosted the priest and were out of place in questioning him about who were going to vote. It was unwarranted. The police should have used reason in handling this situation.Maurice ColacoHuman Resource manager, VelimThe authorities did not have the proper permission to visit the priest at that time. Prior intimation should have been taken. The police officials should have followed protocol. This is a sensitive situation and should have been handled with care. The sentiment of the villagers was hurt. Even when the mob started getting agitated they should have sensed trouble and called for back-up. This is a case of mismanagement and abusing power.Steven DiasHotelier, Nuvem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091699", "title": "Music, painting &amp; theatre to round off the edges", "text": "NEW DELHI: At six, Joy is a bundle of energy. The heavy school bag can't weigh him down. After an exhausting time at school, the tiny tot squeezes chess, soccer and Kumon classes - that simplify Maths and English - into his schedule. In fact, he'd rather engage in these activities than watch TV.Many like Joy are taking up creative activities that help them unwind after school hours. And parents are sparing no effort to help nurture their child's talent.From renowned art and craft institutions to theatre schools, the city offers a plethora of activities to tap into the creativity of young minds. Delhi School of Music offers lessons in western classical music to kids from all age groups. Last year around 850 children enrolled in the institution, of which 650 were school-goers.\"Classical music, whether vocal or instrumental, must be taken up at a young age. We follow a strict one-to-one teaching method under which a child can pick a time schedule that suits him. In most cases, it is the parents' love for music that prompts them to get their children enrolled,\" says Surojit Banerjee, secretary, Delhi Music Society. One can opt for lessons in piano, violin, viola, cello, guitar, recorder, keyboard, flute, saxophone, clarinet, drums, and dance and voice skills.National Gallery of Modern Art organizes workshops for children to bring out the artist in them. NGMA's art sketch club meets between 10.30am to 12.30 am every Sunday. \"We have been running the club for 20 years now. NGMA also organises an annual workshop in May for three groups of children aged between 5 to 8, 9 to12 and 13 to 17,\" said senior curator S K Gupta. The gallery invites senior artists to take the classes and guide them toward proper fine art training.Apart from music and art, kids can enrol in pottery classes, puppet making workshops, calligraphy classes and drama lessons. Theatre In Education (TIE), also called Sanskar Rang Toli of National School of Drama (NSD), gives children from diverse social and economic backgrounds (aged between 8 to 18) an opportunity to come together to learn. The group organises a summer theatre workshop between May and June across eight venues in Delhi. Extensions of the workshop, Sunday Club Part 1 and Sunday Club Part II are held between August and December. Once the part 1 course is over, kids get to perform at an auditorium.\"The effect of theatre on children is multi-dimensional. It helps them grow emotionally and accept or understand kids from other sections of society. It is an integrative medium,\" said actor Kuldip Singh, who teaches at TIE.For the studious lot too, there are multiple choices to pick from. The National Science Centre offers a number of interesting activities - as part of its hobby camp - in various areas like mechanics, air and water (fluidics), electricity and magnetism and optics.Apart from conventional courses, parents are enrolling their kids in innovative programmes too. Kids for Tigers is a programme that informs schoolchildren about the need for wildlife conservation. Under the initiative, kids are taken to tiger reserves and involved in campaigning for wildlife. Kids who like animals can network with other wildlife enthusiasts across schools, and share photos and data on the topic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090889", "title": "CRZ realignment plea trashed", "text": "MUMBAI: An application for realignment of the imaginary coastal regulation zone line in the Bandra-Khar area has been rejected by the state coastal zone management authority. The Maharashtra State Coastal Zone Management Authority ( MCZMA) has decided not to allow such requests anymore.Akhtar Rizvi, a former member of Parliament and a builder, had sought the reclassification and delineation of the high tide line, the low tide line and CRZ for five projects in Bandra on grounds of \"error evident on record\". What this means is that the applicant has objected to the area/plot under question being classified as CRZ.The sea-facing Bandra-Khar area is prime property where market rate is approximately 24,000 per sq feet. There are 12 other projects in the Bandra-Santa Cruz belt where similar reclassifications have been sought.While CRZ II norms apply in most parts of Mumbai where development can be undertaken as per the BMC's Development Control Regulations, such development is not allowed in CRZ I and CRZ III areas (traditional fishing areas etc).Officials said that the Union ministry for environment and forests had already issued a notification in November last year to prepare a new coastal zone management plan for the state. \"The BMC has already appointed IRS Chennai to undertake the work in Mumbai city and suburbs. The work started in January and will be completed by the year-end,\" said sources. Similar work has also started in other coastal districts of Thane, Raigad, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg.Officials said taking up any reclassification exercise now would interfere with the new mapping that is underway. For, any rectification requires a detailed examination on how the error crept in and its rectification. The process involves on-site verification, including corroborative and independent evidence, besides satellite imagery and survey of India maps etc. Hence, the CZMA has decided not to allow any such requests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12089713", "title": "Pregnant woman kidnapped", "text": "A pregnant woman was allegedly kidnapped by a lorry driver and cleaner after beating up her husband and pushing him out of the vehicle at Murari near Rajanagaram in East Godavari district on Wednesday.A couple of auto drivers found injured Boddu Srinivasa Rao and admitted him to the Rajahmundry government hospital.A complaint was lodged at the Rajanagaram police station by Rao.Rao, a lorry cleaner, was travelling along with his pregnant wife from Vijayawada to Vizag in a lorry when the driver, cleaner and another lorry driver started harassing Rao's wife. The trio were drunk and misbehaved with her. When Rao objected to this, the trio beat him up mercilessly and later pushed him from the moving lorry near Murari. They took away the woman with them, while Rao was helped by the auto drivers.Police have launched a manhunt for the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090142", "title": "Fardeen gets immunity from drug case trial", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief for actor Fardeen Khan , a special court on Wednesday granted immunity from trial in a 2001 drug case.On December 19, 2011 Khan had filed an application in the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) court stating that he has undergone a de-addiction therapy from the KEM Hospital and hence, according to the law, he should be exempted from being prosecuted.Section 64 A of the NDPS Act ensures that the addicts, who are charged for possessing small quantity of drugs for personal consumption, if volunteered for treatment get the benefit of immunity from sentencing.The Narcotics Control Bureau had arrested Khan at Juhu on May 5, 2001 while he was about to buy 1 gram of cocaine from a dealer. In October 2011, a special trial judge said the charge was of attempt to purchase cocaine.The prosecution in the case told the court last week that following the therapy, it had no objection to Khan seeking immunity.Special judge G A Sanap, however, stated that if in near future, Khan is found violating the NDPS Act, the immunity given will be withdrawn and not only the prosecution will file fresh charges against Khan but he will also be prosecuted for the present case.Khan who was present in court told reporters outside that he was happy and relieved. \"I am extremely grateful to the judge for accepting my application. I and my family are relieved. Had my father (actor Feroz Khan ) been alive, he, too, would have been happy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12091179", "title": "\u2018BSY will actively take part in campaign\u2019", "text": "UDUPI: Things may not be still hunky dory within the BJP, which was evident when Yeddyurappa and his supporters made their absence felt when BJP candidate Sunill Kumar filed his nomination for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypolls on Wednesday.But that did not prevent the trio of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa and National general secretary H N Ananth Kumar putting up a brave face and making light of Yeddyurappa's absence saying the leader will actively take part in the campaign process in the coming days. The CM said it was not proper to point out his absence time and again.\"Yeddyurappa is our leader. For the filing of nomination those who are required have come. We are united and there is no two ways about it,'' Gowda asserted. The CM and Eshwarappa said the poll result would give new direction to state politics. \"Victory, no doubt, is ensured, but we want a landslide victory and we are working towards it,\" the CM added.A face saving feature was the presence of BY Raghavendra, Yeddyurappa's son, who is the Shimoga MP. He told TOI, \"My father is busy in Bangalore. I have not come as his representative but as an MP to give moral support to Sunill Kumar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090892", "title": "Some highs, some lows in education graph", "text": "PANAJI: With a budget allocation of around 250 crore for education, the Congress-led coalition government in Goa has always stressed that education is a priority sector for the state. But this does not mean the state's education statistics are all on the positive side. It is a mix of the good and the not so good.The number of institutes has mostly remained static in Goa. Only four new government primary schools and one upper primary school have been opened in the state since 2003, taking the number of primary schools to 1,334 and secondary schools to 372. However, the number of private institutes for primary education have shot up in Goa since 2007. The private sector has 25% of primary education institutes in Goa at present, as against only 18% half a decade ago.Enrolment at the primary level has gone up significantly in Goa from 93,672 in 2007 to 1,12,994 in 2010, from classes I to V and from 57,982 in 2007 to 65,673 in 2010, from classes IV to VIII. This rise in the enrolment is especially significant as most other states have recorded a decline in enrolment at the primary level, prompting the Union human resource development ministry to undertake a study \"to find out the reasons of decline in primary enrolment\", despite initiatives for universalization of education by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.This SSA programme is a major reason for the increase in enrolment in Goa among the rising migrant population as a result of free distribution of notebooks, school bags, raincoats, uniforms, stationary etc being made freely available. A rise in aspirations of the population is also a key factor. The improvement in infrastructure in schools in the rural areas with facilities such as toilets, additional classrooms, drinking water and electricity has also contributed immensely in drawing students to school.The drop-out rate has always been high in Goa in the past owing to the flow of easy money among teenagers residing along the coastal belt with tourists frequenting the mining belt. But the drop-out rate in Goa of 13.18% at the primary level from 2006-07 has dropped drastically to 5% presently.A ban adopted by Goa on corporal punishment and general sensitization of teachers in their approach towards students has been credited for the decline in the drop-out rate.Goa has to its credit one of the lowest cases of teacher absenteeism. However, the percentage of teachers being used for non-teaching assignments has gone up from 24.55% in 2007 to 25.04% in 2010. In an average academic year, a teacher spends 15 days on non-teaching jobs allotted by the state, according to statistics pertaining to the last five years. This dilemma is especially prevalent in Goa, as close to 90% schools are either government owned or government aided.The graph of the Goa Board class X and XII results has been volatile for the last five years. An overall pass percentage of 73.61% at the class X Goa Board public exams was recorded in 2007. In 2011, an all time high pass percentage of 86.5 was recorded. The introduction of the 'child-centered' grading system was attributed towards the rise.However, the Goa Board did not have any explanation to offer when the class XII results kept fluctuating during the last five years.On an average, a pass percentage of 76% was recorded at class XII by the board until 2008, when the pass percentage went up to 79.32%. The upward swing continued in 2009 when for the first time in the board's history, the pass percentage crossed 80 and touched 82.55%. The pass percentage saw a minor drop in 2010 to 82.52% and slid down to its 2008 record of 80% again in 2011.If the Goa school budget is ample at Rs 70 crore, the allocation for higher education is also generous (in relation to other sectors) at 60 crore. But not much has changed in terms of figures or otherwise, for the higher education sector in Goa over the last five years.The number of institutes offering graduation in general streams has remained nearly static from 20 in 2007 to 24 this year. The higher education enrolment in 2006-07 was 22,615 and has gone up to only 23,105 in 2011. The dropout rate in institutes of higher education in Goa is negligible. But Goa institutes of higher education have shied away for the most part from innovative courses.Most professional educational institutes are owned by the government. Private institutes have mushroomed across the state, functioning mostly from private apartments. But the state has failed to take action as it was found that the laws of higher education were toothless. Efforts to study provisions of other states and amend Goa's laws are still on. The number of technical and professional colleges has hovered at 26, with no efforts to counter private encroachment on student enrolment.While at the school level 20% of the teachers are provided in-service training each year, the percentage is as little as five at the higher education level. But innovation in teaching methods is almost unheard of, until driven by compulsion due to imposition of central government schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092550", "title": "Protests, ruckus spoil 'Spandan' flavour", "text": "VARANASI: Protests and demonstrations by students marred the grand finale of five-day inter faculty youth festivity 'Spandan-2012', the annual cultural extravaganza of Banaras Hindu University , on Wednesday.While a number of BHU students supported by Student Council sat on an indefinite stir which began at the crossing facing the gate of Sanskrit Block of Ruiya Hostel after alleged manhandling by proctorial staffers on Tuesday midnight, the varsity administration remained busy in pacifying the students throughout the day.Taking note of the seriousness of the matter, the varsity administration also decided to convene a meeting of top varsity officials in the evening. It may be mentioned here that a ruckus was created near the V-C lodge on Tuesday midnight when a group of students belonging to faculty of Sanskrit Vidya Dharma Vignan tried to meet the vice-chancellor.After altercation with proctorial staff, the students alleged manhandling by chief proctor, who also allegedly ordered lathicharge to disperse the students. Later, city magistrate Direndra Sachan intervened in the matter and statements of students were recorded.The security arrangement near the V-C lodge was also intensified after the incident.Later, a group of students that also comprised students representing the Student Council staged nightlong sit-in near the V-C lodge. The stir including demonstrations like burning of effigy of varsity administration and chief proctor, continued throughout the day. The students also kept on raising slogans against the alleged atrocities of proctorial staff. \"There is a protocol and proper system to meet the vice-chancellor and the students were trying to bypass that system. The proctorial staff only resisted the move and there was no lathicharge to disperse them. If there has been any manhandling and lathicharge, a number of students would have been hurt,\" said H C S Rathore, chief proctor, BHU, on Wednesday.He also added that a meeting under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor has been convened in the evening to look into the matter.Meanwhile, according to Sunil Tripathi, faculty representative of students, the situation took an ugly turn after one of the research scholars in the faculty was denied permission to present his research paper in the ongoing three day-long All India Vedic Sammelan, organised by the department of Veda. Besides, the research scholar was also manhandled and dispelled from attending the conference, he added.However, Harishwar Dixit, head of Veda department at BHU, ruled out the allegation of manhandling and expulsion of the research scholar from the conference.He said, \"The research scholar had not submitted the abstract of his research paper and according to the guidelines, participants who don't submit the abstract of their research papers, are not allowed to present their papers.\" The students, on the other hand, kept on demanding the suspension of chief proctor along with head of department of Veda. They also refused to call off their stir demanding action from varsity administration in the matter. In the meantime, a clash between two groups of students attending the folk song events on the concluding day of Spandan-2012 also brought the varsity administration, especially proctorial staff, on their toes.While the incident halted the colourful dance event, the proctorial staff had to work hard to control the mob of students who had started throwing plastic chairs in the OAT pandal at amphitheatre ground, the venue of the event and valedictory function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "budaun/rampur", "code": "12091840", "title": "Maya govt broke all records of graft: Mulayam", "text": "BUDAUN/RAMPUR: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav alleged that BSP government in UP broke all records of corruption where hard earned tax payers' money was misused in renovation of parks, constructing memorials and erecting statues of dalit icons whereas the same could have been spent for state's development and welfare of the people.Addressing an election meeting on Wednesday, he said in the five-year BSP regime, 'graft culture' ruled the roost in UP in which the chief minister also had a major share. He said that even dalits, who claim Mayawati as their champion, also suffered in the BSP government. He appealed to the dalits to vote in favour of the SP candidates. \"Several dalit women were raped, abducted and killed in UP, but the chief minister did not care to inquire about these shameful incidents,\" said the SP chief. He promised that if SP is voted to power, loans upto Rs 50,000 of farmers and the poor people would be waived and free education would be provided to girl students upto class XII.Meanwhile, state Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav addressing a series of election meetings in Bijnore, JP Nagar and Moradabad alleged that Congress, BJP and the BSP are conspiring against the Samajwadi Party. The Congress, he alleged, is threatening to impose President's rule in UP, while BSP and BJP are trying to forge 'unity' once again to prevent the SP form the government. He made a fervent appeal to the people to vote in favour of the SP candidates and ensure victory of the party by thumping majority, so that promises made in the party manifesto could be honoured.Lashing out at the Congress for befooling Muslims, he said that it always misled them. It did not implement the recommendations of the Sachar Committee and the Ranganath Mishra Commission, but now at the time of assembly elections it is showering sops to grab their votes.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12092118", "title": "DMK, AIADMK members come to blows in council meet", "text": "MADURAI: The corporation council meet, witnessed chaotic scenes on Wednesday as DMK and AIADMK councillors came to blows over the frequent power cuts in the state. Before the meeting began, DMK councillors came with lanterns and candles to protest the frequent power cuts that were affecting all sections of the society.It all began when mayor V V Rajan Chellappa invited west zone chairman and AIADMK's P Rajapandi to speak, which was opposed by the DMK councillors was said that the opposition should be given to opportunity to speak first. However, the mayor told them that no party had been designated as the opposition and asked Rajapandi to continue. The DMK councillors then took the floor and displayed photographs to the mayor, showing the Madurai Corporation fleecing the public by demanding Rs five instead of Rs three for the 13 paid toilets inaugurated by Union fertilisers and chemicals minister M K Alagiri in 13 places. They also showed bottles of contaminated water that they alleged, was being supplied by the corporation taps and said that the corporation was not taking steps to rectify the problem.This led to the AIADMK councillors, including the east zone chairman K Rajhapandi come to the floor and allegedly launch a physical attack on their DMK counterparts. The mayor summoned the police into the hall and asked them to remove the councillors who immediately registered their protest by blocking the Madurai-Melur Road.DMK floor leader, M L Raj said that four to five council meetings had been held after they were elected to it and that the DMK had been denied its proper representation and prevented from speaking the people's problems.Meanwhile, though the mayor pointed out that there was no designated opposition party in this council, his own party men seem to have taken up the responsibility of pointing out the drawbacks in the administration.On Wednesday, AIADMK councillor Das of the ninth ward, said that the corporation had allotted a toilet facility in the third platform of Mattuthavani bus stand without calling for a tender. \"We defeated the corrupt DMK and now, we just seem to be following their footsteps,\" he said adding that permission had been granted while the corporation commissioner was on leave.The mayor replied that there was no need to call for a tender when the job was being given to an NGO as had been done in this specific case, but some of the councillors said the reply was not satisfactory. This issue also showed that there was a divide among the AIADMK councillors themselves in the Madurai Corporation.The council also accorded a farewell to the corporation commissioner Soundarajan, who is to retire soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091736", "title": "\u2018I chose to complete my studies and be financially independent\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Manisha Burke is a role model for differentlyabled children. The 43-year-old was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at birth.\"My brain developed , but my body couldn't quite catch up,\" says the wheelchairbound Manisha, whose body and limbs are like that of a 10-year-old . But it hasn't stopped her from leading an independent and active life. Manisha lost her mother quite early in life. \"My father took care of me till he was alive. Though my younger siblings were sympathetic enough and could have taken care of me, I did not want to be a burden.\"So she got herself a job as an administration assistant. She cannot change her clothes or visit the bathroom on her own, but she can type and eat without assistance. \"My office provides transport and medical facilities apart from an attendant who can take me to the washroom. I am paid well. Apart from the visible signs, there is no difference between my colleagues and me,\" she says. Manisha is proud of that fact that she works eight hours a day and earns her own living. She lives at the Life Care Center with Dignity, a Powai-based home and day-care centre for differently-abled people who live together as a family. \"I occasionally visit my siblings; there is no bitterness. I chose to complete my studies and become independent. I'm sure they would have taken care of me, but that is not what I wanted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092206", "title": "NGO got funds from US, has 32 lakh in bank", "text": "BANGALORE: Officials of the NGO Church of Christ were detained on Wednesday evening following complaints of them sexually harassing the inmates of the Chellaghatta home.Police officers said documents available revealed that this NGO had been around since 1999 and was receiving funds from its parent institution in Kentucky, United States . Bank accounts of the NGO showed deposits of Rs 32 lakh.Charles was promoted as general manager one year ago. Two employees appointed by Charles to take care of the children are also being interrogated, police said.\"We are waiting for the interrogation of the accused and counselling of children to get over before we file a case against Charles. Based on evidence collected so far, it's clear he will be booked under multiple charges,\" said assistant commissioner of police Ashok R.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090271", "title": "Chidambaram ready to wait for consensus on anti-terror body", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid indications that the Centre may not move further on its ambitious anti-terror body National Counter-Terrorism Centre until the matter is discussed with protesting chief ministers, home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday said the meeting of director generals of police and chief secretaries of states on March 9 would find \"a way forward\" and he was ready to wait \"as long as it is necessary\".\"I am a very patient man, I have been patient since November 2009 and I am willing to be patient for some more time,\" Chidambaram said.Asked how long he would be patient, he said \"as long as it is necessary\", an indication that the home ministry, which had first mooted the proposal to set up NCTC over two years ago, does not seem to be in a hurry to push it through. Operationalisation of the counter-terror body was put off from the original plan of March 1.Asked if he would meet the protesting chief ministers, Chidambaram said this would depend upon the meeting on March 9. \"All I said in my letter is that before we take the next step, I have asked the home secretary to call a meeting... so let's wait for the meeting,\" he said.His remarks came on a day when one of the protesting CMs - Naveen Patnaik of Odisha - made it clear that states would not budge from its stand until the matter was discussed at the highest level. \"I am disappointed to find, sir, that a meeting has been called by the Union home secretary with state director generals of police,\" Patnaik wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday.He demanded that instead of a meeting chaired by the Union home secretary, an \"immediate meeting of chief ministers be called to address the concerns of states on this very urgent matter regarding the security of the nation\".Referring to the March 9 meeting, the home minister, however, said, \"I am confident that this meeting will find a way forward. My note (to chief ministers who opposed to the powers and functions of the NCTC) is self explanatory. I think the note should, I believe, have allayed many of the apprehensions including apprehensions of a section of the media and therefore let us hope that the meeting convened by the HS will find a way forward.\"The home minister pointed out that the busting of an Lashker-e-Taiba module on Wednesday underscored the need for NCTC. Asked whether it was necessary to give powers to NCTC to arrest, Chidambaram said these powers were only vested with the operational unit of NCTC and not everyone.He said that in absence of powers to arrest, NCTC would not be able to conduct counter-terror operations and would have to depend on some other agency to do the counter-terrorism part. \"This will all be discussed in the DGPs meeting,\" the home minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12082916", "title": "Sonam beats Shah Rukh and Bachchan", "text": "Sonam Kapoor has the topped the list of most influential Indians on Twitter in an online poll conducted by a private agency.The results show that Sonam with over 1 million followers and over five thousand tweets is the most influential celebrity in the country.As per the poll which was based on the number of followers and also the quality of tweets and responses, Sonam has emerged as the winner on the list defeating heavy weights like Amitabh Bachchan, Shashi Tharoor , Shah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan and others.The top 10 list of most influential Indian celebs is: Sonam Kapoor ShashiTharoor Priyanka Chopra Amitabh Bachchan Ram Gopal Varma Hrithik Roshan Kiran Bedi Farhan Akhtar Akshay Kumar Siddharth", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090758", "title": "Curtain up on Sanjana\u2019s new venture", "text": "MUMBAI: In November 2011, Sanjana Kapoor and Sameera Iyengar left Prithvi Theatre to start their new venture, 'Junoon'.On Wednesday, Kapoor, Iyengar and associates announced their plans for the new project at Horniman Circle garden, a place where Prithvi often holds free performances. The idea behind Junoon, Kapoor says, is to create platforms that make theatre more accessible to audiences. Junoon will organize theatre workshops and plays for children.Kapoor wants to revive existing performance venues such as Bhavan's at Chowpatty and help those who want to set up theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089898", "title": "Making SIT report public: Court order on Saturday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court has reserved its decision till Saturday on whether it will permit the complainant to inspect the final report submitted by the Supreme Court-appointed SIT on Zakia Jafri's accusations on the role of chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others in the 2002 riots.On February 15, metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt asked SIT to submit all documents related to the report by March 15. But after court's refusal to part with the report at that stage, Jafri and social activist Teesta Setalvad had sought inspection of the final report.Lawyers on behalf of the applicants contended that SIT had no locus standi to stop the court from permitting the complainant to see the report, once it has already submitted the one to the court. \"The prosecution is normally keen on trying the accused person after submission of its final report. But in this case, it is surprising to see that it is concealing the matter even from the complainant,\" argued advocate I M Munshi.Advocate S M Vora for Jafri also questioned on why SIT chose to submit report in piece-meal on February 8. \"When SIT had waited for six months after SC order, it could have waited to complete compilation of documents,\" he submitted.SIT's counsel R S Jamuvar argued that the court has granted time to the probe agency to submit annexure, and the complainant can wait for few more days. He submitted that the same report was submitted to the apex court also, and if the complainant was in such a hurry, she could have requested SC to show them content of the report.SIT's lawyer also contended that two persons who were named by the complainant as accused were their witnesses also. It is upon their request only that their names were dropped. Thus in any case, there has to be closure report against them, and the complainant will get a notice. He insisted that the complainant can get to see the report only after the magistrate satisfies himself on the issue that it is a closure report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12089342", "title": "Sleuths of private detective agency held for snooping on high-profile clients", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police recently stumbled upon a case of invasion of privacy with serious security ramifications and arrested four people with a private detective agency at Bandra (West) in Mumbai for tracking cell phone call details of 'suspects' for their high-profile clients. Most of these clients - Mumbai and Delhi-based businessmen and a few Bollywood personalities - wanted the agency to spy on either their spouses or rivals.Only the government investigating and intelligence agencies have the authority to ask service providers for call details of suspects.\"Invading someone's privacy is a serious issue and we will make inquiries to find the others involved in the case. Even we can ask for the call records of a person only if he or she has been booked in an offence or is a suspect in a case, and that too after we furnish the case details to the respective service provider,'' said DCP Pratap Dighavkar.The police recovered call records of several VIP numbers from the accused and are currently in the process of getting them verified. An officer said that this is a serious issue as access to call records can be misused by anti-national elements to learn the routine of VIPs.The police learnt about the detective agency recently when it handled a high-profile client from Bandra.Assistant police inspector Nitin Patil approached the agency posing as a businessman and asked for the call details of a number after paying Rs 10,000 as advance. The squad arrested the accused after they handed them over to the officer attached with the letterhead of D S Detective Agency. A waiting police team immediately raided the premises and arrested the accused.The accused would obtain call data of a person using the mobile number of any service provider anywhere in the country with the help of their telecom contacts within 48 hours. They would charge between Rs 25,000 and Rs 1.5 lakh, depending on a client's net worth.Police sources said the agency boasted a \"huge waiting list\". Call records helped clients identify areas which the \"suspect\" visited and numbers of persons with whom he or she communicated with. The accused told the police that details of the high-profile clients were with the agency's owner Govind Shah alias Dinanath Saroj who has since disappeared. The police have launched a manhunt for him. They are also trying to identify employees of mobile service providers who helped the accused.On its website, the agency claimed to be a licensed private detective agency which offered special services of mobile phone investigation. Strangely, it also stated that several of its agents were police officers. The accused have been booked under Information Technology Act and Indian Telegraph Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12091099", "title": "Civic complaint redressal proof on Facebook soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Netizens caring to lodge a complaint with Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) on civic issues will shortly be able to see the remedial action undertaken by it on Facebook. This is the perceived end result of an information and communications technology drive underway at the civic body, which will see MCC webcast camera feeds of functioning of various sections, officials' chambers and post e-attendance details on the net.At present, a trial run is going on to check the quality and reliability of feeds from 32 cameras fixed in the corporation's main office at Lalbagh and sub-offices at Bikkarnakatte and Surathkal. While 26 of 28 cameras fixed in various sections in the main office are static cameras, two are PTZ (pan tilt zoom) cameras. The PTZ cameras are fixed at MCC's main entrance.The cameras fixed in the sub-offices will be integrated with those in the main office. \"All the feeds will be posted on MCC's Facebook page. The idea of having CCTV cameras inside the office is not borne by distrust, but to bring about transparency in the manner in which they function. We will go in for an additional 10 cameras to cover the chambers of senior officers,\" said Harish Kumar K, commissioner, MCC.Some of the static cameras already fixed in the sections will be shifted to chambers of the officers and the sections will be covered using cameras that have 360 degree viewing. \"We expect all the testing to be complete by mid-March so that the camera feeds can be posted on the web by March end,\" he said. Likewise, e-attendance details, tenders for bio-metric device which has been invited, will be posted alongside to give people an idea about what officials do in the office.Once these initiatives are stabilized, the civic body will take the initiative to the next level and make use of social networking sites to respond online to citizens' grievances. \"We will give photographic evidence of having attended to complaints lodged by citizens on Facebook or the page will carry an explanation from official concerned on when the issue will be addressed,\" the commissioner said, adding the MCC also has drawn up plans to usher in paperless office in due course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12091245", "title": "Annual techno-cultural fest starts at BIT Mesra", "text": "RANCHI: The popularity of Bitotsav among budding engineers was proved once again when the online cryptic treasure hunt event - mystique - gathered 1.5 lakh hits within three days of the game being uploaded on the net.The annual techno-cultural event of the Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, was declared open here on Wednesday by acting vice-chancellor P K Bharai. Like previous years, the students have kept a packed five-day programme comprising more than 50 technical and cultural events.Beginning with an enthralling performance by Indian classical vocalist, Padmabhusan Rita Ganguly during the inaugural ceremony, team Bitotsav arranged a comedy evening on Thursday by inviting Nitin Gupta, popularly known as Rivaldo. Known for his brilliant sense of humour, Rivaldo will present a show to drive home the point that science and technology are not serious issues.Head of the cultural team Saurabh Kesari said every student wants to leave an impact on junior batches by making Bitotsav a great success. \"Because of popular demand of students we have invited the band Jal to perform here but at the same time the programme of Rivaldo is likely to leave a lasting impact on the campus,\" he said.Apart from students from all 11 extension centres of the institute, other engineering institutes to participate include the Kalinga Institute of Industries and Technology (KIIT) Bhuvaneshwar, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Mumbai, Techno India, Kolkata, NIT from Jamshedpur and Durgapur and some of the private engineering colleges.However, there are more virtual participants than students. Hospitality team member, Rachna Malik, said the organizing team was spurred by the warm response of students. \"Our website www.bitotsav2012.in has become very popular and more and more people are likely to participate as the event proceeds,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12090530", "title": "Indra started it all, Maderna, Malkhan joined in", "text": "JODHPUR: It was the conspiracy to get rid of Mahipal Maderna from the cabinet by Indra Bishnoi that led to the murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi , the chargesheet claims. While Indra started it all, Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi got her eliminated.Indra Bishnoi, who is still absconding and is expected to appear before the CBI on March 5, had played a crucial role in the abduction and subsequent murder of Bhanwari Devi. After her introduction with Bhanwari through Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, she soothed and consoled her on every occasion. Indra was roped in by Malkhan and Paras Ram, his brother and it was she, who first time expressed her wish to kill Bhanwari Devi.It was Indra, who first conceived the idea of making a sleaze CD of Maderna sensing the devotion of Bhanwari towards Malkhan and later stole this CD from her house with the help of Sohan Lal Bishnoi. She had destroyed the similar CDs of Malkhan but kept Maderna's with a view to extract financial as well political benefits.Without keeping Bhanwari updated about their efforts to settle the deal with Maderna, Indra along with her cousin Sohan Lal, attempted to bring the existence of this CD to the notice of Maderna and strike a deal with him. She even approached a family astrologer of Maderna, Sonia Sharma, who along with one Sunil Gujjar, a Congress worker, to make this CD known to Maderna.It was Sohan Lal, who first provided Maderna with the sleaze CD to give him an impression that no such CD exists. But in actuality, he had a copy of this CD, which he later disclosed to him feigning it to be under possession of Bhanwari with a view to extract money from him. Maderna gave him Rs 8 lalh but this amount was never given to Bhanwari. Taking a step ahead, he also made this CD available to the media.Indra, Reshma Ram, Paras Ram and Sohan Lal constantly remained in touch with each other and strived hard to hold Maderna responsible for all her woes like putting her under APO through complaint of her absence form her duty. Bhanwari, meanwhile, created a ruckus at Madnera's residence. Here again Sohan and Indra pacified her and took her along.By this time, she had become completely intolerable for Maderna and Malkhan. Sohan Lal and Indra were trying hard to keep Bhanwari in her cool. In this matter, Sahi Ram was constantly in touch with Maderna and was updating him with every movement. He also contacted Malkhan at his residence and discussed the issue growing out of proportion, where Malkhan admitted to have roped in Sohan Lal for this task with a direction to shell out Rs 10-15 lakh any time for the purpose. Bhanwari was also expecting a promise from Malkhan to spend Rs 50 lakh on the marriage of Gungun.With the first flashing of the CD on a news channel, Indra again held a meeting with Sahi Ram at her residence and expressed concern that Bhanwari wanted to defame and malign the image of both Maderna and Malkhan's families and disclosed that she was working on a plan to eliminate her with the help of Sohan Lal.After this, Maderna again tried to settle the deal with Bhanwari by roping in a police officer Lakharam but even this effort proved futile. He spent Rs 10 lakh in return for signing an affidavit for Bhanwari with remaining Rs 40 lakh to be paid by cheque, but she refused the deal.After this, Sohan Lal told Sahi Ram on the plan of killing Bhanwari in an accident, which was conveyed to Maderna and finally Maderna also gave his consent to this plan after he was brought to the notice that Malkhan also was interested in her elimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094547", "title": "Vijay is in party mode", "text": "Actor Vijay is one person who enjoys singing. While he has sung several numbers from his films at events, it's been a while since he actually recorded any for his flicks.But now, the actor has sung a song for Harris Jayaraj for Thuppakki.Confirming the news, the music composer posted on his micro-blogging page, \"Well... Just tried actor Vijay to sing a party track for Thuppakki in Mumbai, and he came up in flying colours...!\"Director A R Murugadoss also posted a picture of the actor recording for the track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094419", "title": "Veena Malik and I always kiss each other: Bobby Darling", "text": "As a furore is created over the kissing picture of Veena Malik and Bobby Darling, we catch up with Bobby to learn what is going on!Not one to skirt the difficult questions, Bobby clarifies: \"Veena Malik and I have worked together in Daal Mein Kuch Kaala Hai and we became good friends during the shoot. Even when I went to Pakistan, we met and spent time together. We have a great comfort level, hence Veena and I always kiss each other whenever we meet.\"Real hot chickSo, there's nothing more to this kissing scenario than what meets the eye? \"See, Veena and I are certainly not in love! Of course, she is one helluva hot chick and both of us have a lot of similarities. Like me, she is extremely bold and speaks her mind and both of us have lived life on our own terms. So, we gel well, but I am very single and there's nothing brewing between us!\"Someone like Rahul GandhiGetting emotional, Bobby adds: \"I have had some flings, but right now there's nobody in my life. I want someone who's mature and not a bachcha. Someone like Rahul Gandhi would be my ideal guy. I simply adore his simplicity and the way he gets along with the common man. Deep within, I am also a very simple person, so that connects me with him. I don't know when I will get such a person, but I am really waiting. And I don't want people to mock my feelings!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090834", "title": "CBI finally gets Lucky Farmhouse's statement", "text": "PANAJI: The statement of Lucky Farmhouse, former girlfriend of alleged Israeli drug dealer Yaniv Benaim alias Atala, is awaiting translation. The 23-page statement, predominantly in Swedish, will cost the CBI over 1 lakh to translate into English, said sources.CBI had issued a letter rogatory to Swedish authorities to record Farmhouse's statement after her exposure of Atala's links with Goa police and her claims that a local politician's son is also involved led to an uproar in the state, a court case and a CBI inquiry.CBI officials told TOI, \"We have received Lucky's statement from the Swedish embassy, but the statement is in Swedish and we need to get it translated into English.\"Pointing out that \"we don't have any expert in Swedish in any of the recognized universities in the country\", the officials added, \"We now have to send the statement back to Swedish authorities and only the translated version be admitted in court as evidence.\"Sources said that of the 23 pages 20 are in Swedish while three are in English.\"There is also a video of her recorded statement. But as it is also in Swedish, we need money to translate it,\" said CBI officials. Sources said Farmhouse has failed to appear before the CBI even after being asked to do so over six times.A model by profession, Farmhouse used a spycam to expose her former boyfriend Atala's links with personnel of the Goa police.She had uploaded recordings exposing the police nexus with the Israeli national on a networking site.This resulted in Atala and six policemen being arrested for their links to the mafia in March 2010. The model has also claimed in the past that she has in her possession more spycam videos which show the son of a leading state politician having links with the drug mafia in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092072", "title": "Things get tough for city cops", "text": "KOLKATA: \"I don't know what's in store for us. Things are getting worse,\" a traffic sergeant at Kidderpore crossing said, a few hours after his OC Subir Ghosh was heckled by chief minister Mamata Banerjee's nephew Akash Banerjee.Another constable narrated how he and his colleagues have to live with abuses heaped on them by people with political clout. \"This was not an isolated incident. We are powerless against such people. If I had an option, I would quit this job,\" he said. \"A few days ago, a biker assaulted a traffic constable. He was arrested and found to be carrying a gun,\" a police officer said.Wednesday's incident has given more canon fodder to the Opposition. \"It is shameful. I came to know that locals had handed over the accused to Watgunge police station but they were allowed to go scotfree . This says a lot about law and order in the state. The chief minister's statements are making things worse. If this continues, complete lawlessness will prevail. I am sure that the chief minister would not like that. After all, she has studied law,\" said CPM leader Faiyaz Ahmad Khan, a local.Kidderpore locals said they had seldom seen a senior police officer being pushed around in this manner. \"What right did he have to assault the policemen? I saw him slap the constable several times and then push the officer. Even if the policemen had said or done something wrong, he could have taken it up with the chief minister,\" said Moin Khan , a local.Shopowner Shamsur Qadri saw a vehicle violate a traffic signal and stop in the middle of the road. \"There was a commotion and then the officer walked towards the vehicle . There was a scuffle and a large crowd gathered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090939", "title": "DC seeks secret reports on illegal colonies in district", "text": "GURGAON: In a move to identify illegal colonies across the district, deputy commissioner P C Meena has asked the patwaris and local revenue officials to submit confidential reports. To encourage them to report fearlessly, the DC has told the patwaris and officials to do so without writing their names or revealing their identity.Officials said a list of illegal colonies in the district was being prepared to tighten the noose on their developers. Meena, while addressing the revenue officials at a workshop on Wednesday, said they need not write their names on the envelopes carrying reports and gave a fortnight's time for submitting them. The workshop was attended by all sub-divisional magistrates, tehsildars and their subordinate officials.Making the local revenue officials accountable for the illegal colonies, Meena said no illegal colony can escape from the sight of a patwari and if he makes a sincere effort, no illegal colony can come up in his area.Meena said at times the patwaris were unable to report illegal colonization in their jurisdiction because of various reasons but now they can submit confidential reports. The DC said that the district administration, after being tipped off, could save a patch of government land belonging to the Sohna Municipal Committee and Nainwal panchayat from going to the hands of land grabbers.Meena assured the officials that strict action would be taken on the reports submitted in his office or with the district revenue officer. Illegal colonies are not only the administration's problem but the buyers too are at risk of losing their entire investment. Meena assured the people of all help from the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090380", "title": "Child rights panel pulls up state govt", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking cognizance of the TOI article published on February 9 titled 'Infants given opium at work sites', the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has sought the report 'Child Labour Situation in Rajasthan' prepared by the NGOs - VAAGDHARA and Plan India.NCPCR member Yogesh Dube said, \"One of the reasons for coming to Rajasthan is to get the report about opium being given to small children. I have also talked to the state government officials about such practice in Rajasthan.\"After completing his two-day Udaipur visit, Dube met senior officers of the state government here on Wednesday.Dube also directed the state government officials to survey all brick kilns operational in the state. \"All the illegal brick kilns should be closed as in such brick kilns, the owners employ children as labourers.\"He also talked about conducting a survey in the state to gauge the child labour situation.During his inspection of Nari Niketan, Dube found that children are confined violating the law and needed care and protection. He said, \"It was a violation of Juvenile Justice Act. They were locked in a specified area of the home. The girls below the age of 18 years were kept there in violation of the Juvenile Justice Act and a few girls even had newborn babies without vaccination and without any special arrangement for the infants.\"He pulled up the government officials for showing laxity in taking up measures for care and protection of children in accordance with law and not controlling the despicable practice of child labour in several parts of the state. The NCPCR was dissatisfied with the general condition of child rights in Rajasthan.Dube said male staff were deployed in Nari Niketan and the inmates there were not allowed to meet their parents. The NCPCR will prepare a report on the basis of Dube's visit and make specific recommendations to the state government for ameliorating the situation. The NCPCR team would soon meet the newly appointed state chief secretary C K Mathew for a proper follow-up on the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12092385", "title": "Several lucky couples become parents on special Feb 29", "text": "KANPUR: February 29 comes once in every four years, and thus holds special significance for those who have their birthdays or marriage anniversaries etc on this day. As the year is called a 'Leap Year', people born on February 29 are called leapers. The Dufferin Hospital on Wednesday witnessed the birth of several babies.Vandana Gupta, Rukhsar Begum, Amreen, Kiran Verma to name a few were the women who became mothers on Wednesday. Anish, husband of Rukhsar Begum, said that their baby's birthday would come once in every four years. Both husband-wife duo had no words to express their happiness. Amit Gupta, spouse of Vandana Gupta who also had delivered a baby were thanking god for the beautiful gift that they had received.Kiran Verma had a broad smile on her face. She showed her baby to the photographers and got the pictures of the baby clicked. Kiran gave birth to the baby at 7.40 am.She was of the opinion that babies born on this date are special and lucky.Kiran's husband Manish Verma was also equally excited. Several babies took birth at private hospitals and nursing homes in the city as well on Wednesday. Astrologers believe that children born on February 29 are intelligent, progressive and sharp due to the position of Sun and Mars in their horoscope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12091317", "title": "Ashok Gawli, senior Sena leader, dies", "text": "NASHIK: Former corporator and senior Shiv Sena leader Ashok Gawli died on Wednesday afternoon after suffering cardiac arrest. He was 54.A four-time corporator since 1992, Gawli lost the recent election to MNS's Salim Shaikh in prabhag 19.Born in Narayan Tembi village in Niphad taluka of Nashik district, Gawli underwent vocational training in ITI and secured a job with MICO in 1975.He began his political career in 1985 with the Shiv Sena and in 1992, he was given a ticket to contest the elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation. Since then, he won all the civic elections till 2007. Gawli was also the group leader of the House, chairperson of Kamgar Samiti (workers' union) and deputy chairperson of Bharatiya Kaamgar Sena, Nashik district.Gawli had been ailing since the past few days and had suffered a heart attack three times in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12090058", "title": "Shekhawat withdraws plea in Rs 1 crore seizure", "text": "AMRAVATI: MLA Rajendra Shekhawat on Wednesday withdrew the petition he had filed in the district court for getting possession of 1 crore cash seized by the night patrolling squad of the Amravati police in the early hours of February 12. Many hours after the seizure, the Congress had sent a fax to the police department claiming that the cash was part of party funds to be given to its candidates in the municipal corporation fray.Police had seized 1 crore from a car (MH 31/DC 4437) and booked driver Prakash Masram and Ashish Bodhankar under section 41(1) D of Criminal Procedure Code.The seizure became controversial as no one claimed the amount until the next day when Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) said that it had sent 1 crore to the district unit for election purpose. Bodhankar had told police that cash was brought to city through minister of state for water resources Rajendra Mulak. However, in a written statement given to the district collector on Tuesday, Mulak denied that he was involved in the matter.Shekhawat had also said earlier that the amount was part of the party fund. Shekhawat had said that 87 official candidates of Congress were to be given 1 lakh each for electioneering while the remaining sum was to be used for poll-related expenses by the party. He had said that confusion prevailed after the seizure as MPCC had not informed in advance that it was sending money.Police had deposited the seized amount in the government treasury. Shekhawat had then given power of attorney to district Congress chief Vasant Saurkar for filing a petition in court seeking possession of money.Later, BJP filed an intervention petition urging the court not to release the amount as it was black money and not party fund as was claimed by the Congress. The matter came up for hearing on February 20, but Shekhawat sought time for giving a statement till February 29. However, he withdrew the petition on Wednesday which he had filed for getting possession of the confiscated money.Meanwhile, coordinator of training cell of BJP Kiran Paturkar claimed at a press conference that it was only due to intervention petition filed by the party that Shekhawat withdrew the plea. He said that BJP petition had mentioned that the money was brought to the city in a suspicious manner and the persons carrying it did not have relevant documents. The court had asked the Congress party to register its statement on BJP's petition but it did not do it, Paturkar said.Congress said that Shekhawat withdrew the petition as the funds demanded by the district unit for election purpose were not of use now. Shekhawat told TOI that the claims made by BJP were without any basis. He denied that the plea was withdrawn because of BJP's intervention. \"In any case, we would have deposited the amount with MPCC now that elections are over,\" he said. MPCC will chart the future course of action over the seized amount soon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090346", "title": "Mathew becomes the 34th chief secretary", "text": "JAIPUR: The 1977-bacth Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer C K Mathew assumed office as the 34th chief secretary of the state on Wednesday. At a brief ceremony in the state secretariat, Mathew took charge from Salauddin Ahmed who retired after serving for 18 months on the post.Soon after assuming charge, the new chief secretary took part in a meeting of all the additional chief secretaries and principal secretaries that was headed by chief minister Ashok Gehlot . The government's administrative priorities were set out at the meeting.Talking to reporters soon after joining office, Mathew said his priorities would be effective execution and constant monitoring of the government programme. \"I am a supporter of computerisation and digitalization of government records, especially of the departments directly related to public. This would continue to be my priority,\" the new chief secretary said.On the controversial issue of quota in promotions for the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) government employees, the new chief secretary was tightlipped and said, \"I will study the court case now.\" The matter is pending before the Supreme Court, after the high court pronounced Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj guilty of \"willful contempt of court\", as the state government was accused of non-compliance of the judgment that denied the quota benefit to SC/ST employees.Principal secretary Khemraj was present when the new the chief secretary's to bid adieu to Ahmed. Ahmed praised Khemraj on the occasion and introduced him to Mathew with the words: \"Khemraj is perfect.\"Minister for tourism Bina Kak and her daughter were among those present on the occasion. Kak and Ahmed later left in the same car. The chief secretary's staff had arranged a vintage Cadillac to carry him home from the secretariat, but Ahmed preferred to leave in the government vehicle.On being asked about his retirement plans, Ahmed said, \"I have not got the time to plan it yet. Talk to me a week later and I will let you know.\" On the contempt case against him in the quota in promotions case, Ahmed said, \"The matter is under court's consideration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094877", "title": "Brad Pitt isn't shooting in India now", "text": "After shooting in Chandigarh, Kathryn Bigelow is expected to shift to Jodhpur and Udaipur for filming her Osama filmKathryn Bigelow arrived in India on Tuesday and began shooting for her Osama film in Chandigarh on Wednesday. The city's Sector 15 was the setting for the movie's shooting and wore a new look to make it resemble Pakistan. Autorickshaws with Lahore number plates and signboards painted in Urdu caught the attention of the passers-by even as Chandigarh provided the ideal backdrop for the shooting of Kathryn's movie on the killing of the world's most dreaded terrorist in Abbottabad.Though a section of the media had reported that Brad Pitt is shooting in India already for the film, the information isn't correct. Says a source, \"Kathryn arrived in India two days ago and will be shooting in Chandigarh for the next five days. Subsequently, the unit will shift to Rajasthan. All the necessary permissions for the film have been granted by the government.\" On being asked about the phirang cast of the film, the source adds, \"The unit is very tight-lipped about everything. Though some people in the media have reported that Brad Pitt is in India to shoot this movie, the information isn't correct.\" Once the Chandigarh and Patiala shoot is over, the unit will shift to the hilly locations in Rajasthan. Most probably, the unit is expected to shoot in Jodhpur and Udaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12094814", "title": "11 Indian fishermen taken into custody by Maldivian Navy", "text": "CHENNAI: Eleven Indian fishermen have been taken into custody by the Maldivian Navy for allegedly crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL), officials said here on Thursday.\"All are from Kanyakumari district. We are looking into this issue,\" district collector S Nagarajan said.The fishermen had put out to sea off the Kerala coast last week and were to return ashore on February 25, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091774", "title": "5-yr-old girl crushed under school bus", "text": "MUMBAI: In yet another case of negligence by a school bus driver , a five-year-old senior kindergarten student was crushed underneath the rear wheels of her school bus in Vasai on Tuesday evening . The victim died after she was allegedly refused treatment by a local hospital . Tanishka Nautiyal from St Anne's School at Ambadi Road in Vasai (W) alighted from the bus near her Girnar View Apartment in Krishna Township.While moving towards her house, the bus driver , Ramdas Kamath , reversed without bothering to see if anyone was behind and Tanishka , who was caught unawares , came underneath the rear wheels. Onlookers screamed in a bid to alert the driver , but it was too late. Some eyewitnesses said the child jumped out of the bus as it was slowing down and slipped underneath the rear wheels. Tanishka's mother heard the commotion and rushed towards the window ; she knew it was her daughter on seeing the bus.Tanishka was the only student alighting near the building and it was her daily routine , so her family members would not come down to help her alight . The bus, hired on contract by the school, had a cleaner but he was not at the door when Tanishka alighted . A profusely bleeding Tanishka was taken to the nearby Lifeline Hospital , but doctors there allegedly refused to treat her and referred her to Cardinal Gracias Memorial Hospital , where she was declared dead on admission.Over 200 people gathered outside Lifeline Hospital , seeking an explanation from the doctors . They blamed the hospital authorities for the girl's death . The doctor's statement to the Manikpur police said that Tanishka's pulse was weak when brought in and the hospital did not have an emergency facility . The girl was referred to Cardinal Gracias hospital which can handle emergencies , the doctor said . The driver has been arrested and booked under Sections 304 (a) (causing death by negligence ), 279 (rash driving ), 337 and 338 (causing hurt ) of the IPC and Section 187 of the Motor Vehicle Act, said police inspector Chandrakant Jadhav . The school refused to comment , but the regional transport office sought details about its bus policy .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092155", "title": "To protect tiger reserves, govt may acquire private estates", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union ministry of environment and forests is planning to strengthen its tiger conservation programme in the Western Ghats and reduce man-animal conflicts by acquiring private estates that border or are within tiger reserves in Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The proposal, put up during a meeting of the standing committee of the National Board for Wildlife, includes acquisition of several estates in the Periyar Tiger Reserve area (in Thekkady, Kerala ) and Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve (in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu).Twelve private estates in the KMTR, measuring about 1,500 hectares, have been identified for acquisition, said Tamil Nadu officials. \"Most estates are part of the core reserve and need to be acquired to reduce disturbance caused by the movement of human beings and vehicles,\" an official said. \"The plan is still in the paperwork stages and yet to obtain the state government's approval . The funding for acquiring the estates, however, will come from the Central government.\"It was proposed during the meeting to eventually acquire 23 estates in Tamil Nadu and thus block 18 routes into the Periyar reserve. \"This will reduce disturbance in the Periyar reserve,\" proposed Dr A J T John Singh, a member of the National Board for Wildlife, at the meeting. \"This landscape has the potential to support 100 adult tigers, provided the wild prey are protected.\"In order to strengthen the tiger conservation programme, the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has proposed to acquire several private estates that border or stand within tiger reserves in the southern range of the Western Ghats . This was suggested during a meeting of the standing committee for the National Board for Wildlife with specific referencetoK alakkad MundanthuraiTiger Reserve (KMTR)in Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu, and Periyar Tiger Reserve in Thekkady, Kerala .In Tamil Nadu, the forest departmenthascomeup with a list of twelve estates that lie in the coreof theKMTR andtherefore must be acquired . Spanning over 895sqkm,the reserveisone of the densest tiger reserves . A part of the reserve lies in the Agasthiyar hills of the Western Ghats . \"We are yetto receive approval from the state government,\" said an official . \"Paperwork and preliminary estimates are still going on . Some of the estate owners, who have been informed of the proposal, are trying to negotiate alternatives . Once the state government agrees, it will be forwarded to the Union ministry . The MoEF will be funding the acquisition . This is a long term process involving a large budget . It could take morethan five yearstocomplete .\" The twelve estates put together would add up to 15.16 sqkm or 1,516 hectares to the reserve and the acquisition is expected to cost more than Rs 165 crore . \"The people are cooperative, but human and vehicle movement in the core area disturbs animal habitations, so they have to be acquired,\" he said . \"We are also looking at increasing the buffer zone for the Anamalai Tiger reserve .\"However, environmentalists portray a different picture . \"Thereisdegradation of theforest area in KMTR as many of the people living in these estates gather fuel wood from the reserve,\" said M Soubadra Devy of Ashoka Trustfor Researchin Ecology and the Environment (ATREE). Soubadra spends several months in a year in the reserve for canopy research . \"There is also some small time poaching of creatures like jungle fowl that goes on in this area .\" The presence of temples in the reserve also increases the footfallsin the area . \"During the Adi Ammavasya festival, this area receives a couple of lakh visitors,\" she said .At least three temples have landin the reserves,butofficials hope for a solution that does not involve acquisition .They do not anticipate trouble with the cardamom and tea estates. \"Under the guidelines issued by the National Tiger Conservation Authority, we can acquire these areas.\" However,there are voices of dissent. \"Thisestatehasbeen in our family for 60 years andwe attach much sentimental value to it,\" said Vasanthi Murugadasan, one of the proprietors of Kattlamalai estate. 'The estate is one of the largest in the core reserve that figures in the state's acquisition list. \"Besides,we never harm the animals and always help forest officials during the census.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12090324", "title": "Two-day conference on rural employment scheme inaugrated", "text": "AJMER: The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NERGS) not only provides jobs, it has the power to change the living standards of rural India. The scheme aims to enhance the purchasing power of people living in remote regions. With the motto to make the scheme better, a two-day national conference began here on Wednesday on NERGS in which more then 40 districts of the country and their officials are participating.In his inaugural day address, divisional commissioner Atul Sharma said, \"It is found that mostly women are working in NERGS and when we asked officials, they replied that the scheme is for women, which is not true.\" He added that the scheme is changing the picture of rural India by bolstering development.The conference started with briefing participants on the work culture, the process of giving employment for hundred days, job cards for families and other formalities. Some success stories were also presented in the workshop. Among them the example of district collector Manju Rajpal for establishing nursery in Bhilwara district and managing the scheme at the ground level was also enumerated.Secretary of chief minister of Orrisa, V K Pandyan, giving the instance of his state said, \"Orrisa is the first state of India where labourers were paid through bank accounts. More then 20 lakh labourers got the benefit of this scheme within just a year. Director of rural development ministry Rohit Kumar briefed about the norms and regulations of the scheme and asked the officials to make efforts to implement it to provide maximum profits to the rural population.The conference is sponsored by the union rural development ministry and organized by Lal Bahadur Shastri National Institute, Mussoorie, in which officials from Rajasthan, Punjab, Chhattisgarh , Andhra Pradesh , Jharkhand , Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Uttrakhand are taking part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "sanvordem", "code": "12090522", "title": "Sanvordem: Will BJP break the family chain?", "text": "SANVORDEM: With his total declared assets worth over 19 crore, this 36-year-old commerce graduate ranks 12th in the list of wealthy candidates who are contesting Goa's assembly election. He has no air of a politician though and comes across as a simple, down-to-earth person. Arjun Salgaocar-younger son of incumbent independent Sanvordem MLA and mining baron Anil Salgaocar -is contesting as an independent candidate to pick up the mantle from his father.He faces a formidable challenge from BJP candidate Ganesh Gaonkar who is also in the mining trade and the ore transport business and knows first hand the problems faced by the people in this mining belt.Speaking to TOI, Gaonkar is confidence personified. \"The victory is ours for certain. This constituency has always been neglected by successive governments since Goa's liberation. There has been zero development. 80% of the constituency suffers from water scarcity owing to inadequate infrastructure,\" Gaonkar says. The Gaonkar-camp doesn't fail to point out the \"inaccessibility\" of Sr Salgaocar ever since he was elected from the constituency. \"Leave aside his constituency, Salgaocar was hardly seen even in the legislative assembly. How can people expect his son to do any better?\" Gaonkar questions.The Salgaocar-camp acknowledges that the MLA failed to remain accessible to his voters \"for health and other reasons\", but is quick to point out that \"personal development\" of the voters has not suffered .Sanjay Naik, a businessman and social worker from Sanvordem, who is among Salgaocar's avid supporters, rattles out numbers to support his claim. \"He has helped build hundreds of houses for poor families and facilitated several hundred patients in getting operated for cataracts. For many years he has been providing water through tankers to Dulbanagar. He has built a community hall worth over 1 crore at Sarvagal. He bought land and built a community hall at Kulem, spending over 60 lakh. He built a community hall that cost 3 lakh at Kalay. Show me a single minister or MLA who has done even 10% of the work Arjun has done in Sanvordem,\" Naik says.This magnanimity of the Jr Salgaocar has turned out to be his major strength, political observers say. \"He has won over the electorate from the lower and lower-middle class strata by loosening his purse strings ever so generously,\" one observer says. Gaonkar, however, is dismissive of the Salgaocar-camp's claim. \"He may have helped a few build houses. But would you call it development? Unemployment is on the rise. People are suffering from serious ailments owing to lack of medical care facilities. I have a vision for development of this constituency,\" Gaonkar says. Poll watchers say that the scheduled tribes-factor will play a decisive role in determining the outcome of the polls. Gaonkar represents this community and it's to be seen whether he succeeds in keeping the 7,000-odd ST votes with him.Deepak Prabhu Pauskar is an independent candidate who also has a considerable support base. Pauskar was an aspirant for the BJP ticket and is therefore likely to dig into BJP's votes. Congress candidate Govind Sawant is unlikely to make much headway as his delayed nomination left him with very little time to campaign.Will Jr Salgaocar replace his father in the legislative assembly, or will the BJP get the people's mandate? There's no sure way to read the voters' mind.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12092264", "title": "I want to destroy Azam Khan's arrogance: Jaya Prada", "text": "Two-term Rampur MP Jaya Prada counts Azam Khan as one of her bitterest rivals and tells Subodh Ghildiyal she'll pull out all stops to ensure his defeatYou think Azam Khan can be defeated? I didn't get good votes in the city in 2009 because of his opposition. But after delimitation, the Hindu-Muslim ratio is even while it used to be 70:30 in favour of Muslims. Hindus will vote for us.How do you see the city election? Khan is struggling... He is going through what I went through in the LS polls.Do you miss the SP? I don't. Khan introduced me to the people of Rampur in 2004. I thank him for that. But in 2009, the scenario changed. I was attacked and abused whenever I went to work in the city.But why did Khan turn against you? I won people's hearts. That's why he became envious of me.You may not be able to win again without the SP. It is said that in 2014, you'll move out of Rampur. Khan makes such statements in every election. I have no reason to leave Rampur.You're against Khan and the Congress? We want to make it difficult for the SP and end the slavery of the nawabs. A seven-term MLA, Khan couldn't develop Rampur. I want to destroy his arrogance. He uses filthy words for women.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12091275", "title": "Garhwa police bid to regulate traffic flow", "text": "GARHWA: Puzzled with the prevailing traffic chaos and frequent road jams on the main road owing to heavy traffic flow, the district police administration here has come up with a new traffic regulation plan.Garhwa SP Michael S Raj said the new plan will be implemented from the first week of March.\"We recently held a meeting with representatives of civic bodies, the district administration and police and decided that movement of vehicles will be restricted to tackle the problem of traffic jam,\" said Raj.To restrict movement and parking of auto rickshaws, it was also decided that there will be five auto-rickshaw stands, one near Danro river, while four others will be near the forest department check post at Majhiaon More, at railway station and at Nawada More.No auto-rickshaw will be allowed to move on other than the route allotted to it, police said.\"All auto-rickshaws will have to follow the designated routes. In case of violation of rules, a fine of Rs 50 will be imposed. It was also resolved in the meeting that entry of auto-rickshaws into the main road will be prohibited from 8 am to 8 pm. Moreover, entry of heavy vehicles will not be allowed in the main road from 8 am to 10 am and 3 pm to 5 pm,\" said the SP.Police said, school buses and auto-rickshaws carrying patients will, however, be exempted. It was also decided in the meeting that every auto-rickshaw will have a protection rod on its right side so that no one can alight from the auto on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12092686", "title": "Drama festival to mark Tagore's birth anniversary", "text": "BHOPAL: As part of the year-long celebrations marking the 150th birth centenary of Rabindranath Tagore, a five-day theatre festival would be held at the Bharat Bhawan from March 5.The festival is sponsored by Union ministry of culture and organised by Iftekar Cricket Academy. \"The plays would be based on the works of Tagore,\" a Bharat Bhawan spokesperson said.On March 5, 'Visarjan' directed by Alok Chatterjee would commence the five-day festival. It would be followed by 'Tagore Trayee', directed by Devindra Raj Ankur, 'Patni ka Patra', directed by Geeta Guha, 'Antem Rang' (direction Chanrahas Tiwari) and 'Daheej' directed by Ashok Bulani.The plays would begin at 6.30 pm on each of the scheduled days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "shimlapuri", "code": "12091551", "title": "Sandeep' s 40 wickets are talk of the town", "text": "SHIMLAPURI: Sandeep Singh's 40-wicket haul in the recently concluded Dhruv Pandove trophy would remain etched in many minds. An all-rounder of the victorious Ludhiana team, Sandeep is a spinner and a right-handed batsman.The 17-year-old said this was the first time he had played in under-19 category and was delighted with his performance. Apart from the wickets, Sandeep also hit a century against Mansa in a crucial match that they won. The youngster, fascinated with Shane Warnes spin, started practising under coach Charanjeet Bhangu when he turned 12.In 2011, he was part of Ranji trophy camp (junior) and part of under-16 state level cricket team.An intermediate student at Teja Singh Sutantar Memorial School, Sandeep said Dhruv Pandove trophy had provided great exposure. My aim is to don the blue Indian jersey, he smiled.Sandeeps father Avtar Singh said he had great hopes from his son. Sandeep's coach Charanjeet Bhangu said Dhruv Pandove trophy had been a big platform for budding cricketers. He is very promising player and there is variation in his bowling, he shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12092553", "title": "KSEB's office high on income but low on staff", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It is the highest revenue generating section in the state with a monthly income of Rs 2.5 crore but the central section of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) neither has adequate manpower nor vehicles.The central section has 14,000 consumers and covers key areas in the city such as YMCA to Blue Diamond Road, Palayam, Thali and the railway station, Chintavalappu, Mofussil bus terminus and some parts of Wayanad Road. The section has 13 linemen including two contract workers. According to the officials here, the situation worsened in 2010 when the department was divided into three wings -- revenue, maintenance and breakdown.The maintenance wing has a lineman, while the revenue wing, which takes care of new connections as well as shifting of existing connections, has two linemen. The breakdown wing has six men, with two of them working in each of the three shifts. However, officials said that the strength is not enough to address the complaints of consumers.\"It becomes difficult to address consumer issues when someone takes leave for an indefinite period due to health problems. In such occasions we are unable to appoint linemen on contract basis,\" said an official with the Kozhikode central section.Adding to the woes is the shortage of vehicles. The board's rates to hire contract vehicles is so low that no one is willing to work, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094509", "title": "Karthika\u2019s litmus test!", "text": "The actress juggles between two films in two completely contrasting looksTalk of doing roles as different as chalk and cheese and no one fits the bill better at the moment than actress Karthika Nair does. While she plays a rustic village belle in Kollywood film director Bharathiraja's comeback flick Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum (AK), Karthika will play an ultra-glam girl in the Telugu flick Dammu, both of which she's shooting for almost simultaneously. \"It's challenging to be working on two films that have me playing roles that are so different from each other. Only a few lucky actors have such good fortune in their career,\" says the actress from the location of AK, in Theni. \"I play four stages in Annakodi's life - her childhood, teenage, youth and old age, so that's a litmus test of sorts,\" says Karthika.The actress is thrilled about the fact that she is being directed by Bharathiraja, who introduced her mother, actress Radha, to K'wood years ago. \"After doing a glamourous role in Ko, Annakodi is like a total volte face. Though, Bharathiraja didn't cast me because I'm Radha's daughter. We did a look test before I finally became a part of the film,\" she explains.\"Films with a rural background have been the in-thing in the south for a while now. But Bharathiraja has always been the master of the genre. AK will surely bear his inimitable trademark.\"Tollywood director Boyapati Srinu's Dammu has her romancing Junior NTR. The mega-budget flick, Karthika says, is a commercial potboiler with all the essential ingredients of a hit. There's more in store on the Kollywood front, claims the actress. \"I've been signed on for three Tamil films; but I am not allowed to talk about them as of now,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092477", "title": "With English first students breathe easy", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as he stayed up till late on Wednesday night studying for his first CBSE Class 12 exam the next day, Anand R was not as nervous as he thought he would be. The reason - his first paper was English.Last year, his seniors didn't have it so lucky. \"Their first paper was physics, one of the toughest papers. I remember them coming out of the exam hall complaining that the paper was too long and too hard. It got me worried about this year. But when the timetable said the first exam was English, I was less worried,\" says Anand, who began studying for his English exam a couple of days ago.\"The CBSE council keeps changing the schedule on a rotation basis,\" says K Tanuja, teacher at Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya Senior Secondary school. \"For a long time chemistry and physics were the first exams. This year English is the first subject again,\" she says.Tanuja says that while some students feel a difficult subject is a good warm-up for the exams, others are happy that a lighter subject like English is first.Dr C Satish, dire c t o r, Pa ava i Group of Schools, says the first exam syndrome is just a psychological barrier. \"Students should not worry about what their schedules begin and end with. It's more important that they deal with what they have done in a particular exam and move on,\" he adds.This is the reason why most schools station their subject teachers outside the exam hall, to meet students the moment the exam has ended, he says. \"It helps the students vent their feelings about the exam and discuss doubts and helps the teacher assess how the paper was. For instance, if the paper was difficult or too long, the teacher can submit a recommendation to the CBSE committee before the papers are corrected,\" he says. \"If the student feels he or she has done badly, we encourage them to talk to the teacher,\" he says.School counsellors feel students who feel demoralised after a particular exam need to be able to talk freely about it and vent their anxiety and frustration. \"Do not let them keep it bottled up inside. Make them talk about it and then encourage them to move on to the next exam,\" says school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12090875", "title": "Post-polls, NCP to play spoiler", "text": "Nitin YeshwantraoTHANE: Hectic activity is on as NCP leaders are struggling hard to stitch up a post-poll pact with the Raj Thackeray-led MNS and other Independents to deprive the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI coalition from securing the mayoral post in the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC).NCP emissaries are believed to be holding talks with MNS leaders. The Congress-NCP combine has collectively secured 52 seats in the 130-member civic body and are trying to cobble up the numbers to stake claim for the first citizen's post.The saffron alliance has 62 seats and are just four short for securing a simple majority for the mayor's seat. \"Seven MNS corporators will help us bridge the gap. Already two corporators from the RPI faction led by Nana Indise have extended their support and with the help from Independents and Congress rebels we will be able to upstage the saffron combine's plan,\" a Congress leader said. However, MNS corporators are unwilling to publicly declare the party's stand and are awaiting a final nod from Raj ThackerayInterestingly, Raj had spewed venom on deputy CM Ajit Pawar and NCP chief Sharad Pawar in campaigns.\"Our stand in Thane will be hinged on the Sena's plan of action in Nashik where we are the single largest party,\" an MNS functionary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090590", "title": "MLA's tipsy son robs &amp; assaults Russian woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 29-year-old man allegedly bashed up a 26-year-old Russian woman and walked away with her belongings, including her passport. Police said the accused is the son of a BSP legislator from UP and was arrested in 2009 for allegedly firing in a south Delhi bar and creating ruckus there.The accused has not been arrested yet, even though an FIR has been lodged. Police said the victim had landed in Delhi airport around 3am on Wednesday. She hired a cab and went to Freedom Fighter Colony in Mehrauli where two of her friends are put up. The accused went to the airport to meet her; but when he did not find her there, he went to Freedom Fighter Colony in an inebriated condition, accompanied by a friend. He had a gun with him, the victim told cops.\"He allegedly threatened her of dire consequences if she didn't come with it. When she refused, he assaulted her. The victim told us that after the scuffle, he took away her credit cards, cellphones and even her passport. She dialled 100 and informed us about the incident and we rushed to the spot,\" said a senior police officer.The woman was sent for medical examination. Police sources informed the accused called up the victim several times after learning about the police action. Cops said that the victim and the accused knew each other as they had earlier interned together at a firm in Gurgaon. \"She was pursuing a course in architecture and later began to work as an architecture consultant with a firm in Gurgaon. She had gone home to Russia sometime ago,\" said a cop.\"We are going to record the statements of both and are verifying the claims. A case has been registered under Section 452 of the IPC and the Arms Act,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. Police said that in 2009, had gone to the Mocha Bar at Nehru Place with his sister and had allegedly fired inside the bar. \"He had also assaulted the guard there. He was arrested, his revolver was seized and his licence was cancelled,\" a senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12091368", "title": "Deprived people's dream houses should be turned into reality: D N Gautam", "text": "Just before resigning from the office of security adviser to the chief minister, former Bihar top cop D N Gautam shared his experience with TOI on Naxalite problem and National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Jharkhand is one of the most disturbed states in terms of Naxalite violence. What has been your experience on this as security adviser to the chief minister?People of Jharkhand are very innocent and honest. I feel that this phase of violence is temporary and things will improve in the times to come. One has to make development plans and implement it patiently.Do you have any development model, which the state government can adopt and bring the desired change?Yes. Right from the early days of Naxalism, the rebels have been selling a dream to innocent and deprived people that they end inequality. I remember that the rebels showed palatial bungalows of rich people to poor and promised them to hand it over to them if they support. The state government should work to make the dream of the deprived people to have a house a reality. The government should provide them with houses - not in remote areas but near big cities and if possible within the city with all facilities like school, college and hospital. Once a person gets a house in a city, he will prefer to lead a normal life and think of a peaceful society.To implement this suggestion, the government will need huge money. From where will it get the funds?I feel that availability of funds is not a constraint. Every year, the Union government raises 100 battalions to tackle Naxalism. Instead of raising battalions and move ahead towards militarization of a democratic country, it should create more civil jobs and fill all the vacancies. The money saved from this and anti-Naxalite operations, it will be sufficient enough to construct mega colonies across the country.In the last 13 months, you must have suggested many reforms to the state government. Which one suggestion you think should have brought a significant change in the society?There are instances when even parents ask their daughters to ignore eve-teasing as they cannot confront with people every day. From the days as DGP of Bihar, I wanted to set up police stations where a woman could reach and take help even when their parents are not supporting. I suggested this model for Jharkhand but it could not materialize even after it was supported by the chief minister.Recently, there was confrontation between the Centre and many states, including Jharkhand, on NCTC. Do you support the Centre's stand to have NCTC in the present format?The system of NCTC which gives absolute power of search, seizure and arrest and that too which is constituted by an executive order is not good for a democratic country. This kind of system can exist in a totalitarian country. This is the reason why an act like TADA was abolished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12090483", "title": "Malkhan is father of Bhanwari's daughter, says CBI chargesheet", "text": "JAIPUR: It is going to be a long legal battle ahead for Bhanwari's daughter Gungun. Without no fault of her own, the seven-year-old girl has got entangled in the case.The chargesheet clearly states that Gungun was fathered by Malkhan Singh Bishnoi. The CBI says that the DNA test regarding this has been conducted which proves this fact.In fact, Malkhan Singh had felt threatened as Bhanwari was publically claiming that Gungun was his daughter. \"Bhanwari had threatened that she would make the announcement of Gungun being the daughter of Malkhan Singh at a public fair of Bishnoi community following which Indra Bishnoi started preparing the plan for nurse's elimination,\" the chargesheet says.During the marriage of Malkhan's daughter Pinki in 2010, Bhanwari created a scene saying that the legislator should get her daughter Gungun also married in such a lavish function. \"She said that Malkhan had spent Rs 2 crore on Pinki's wedding. She wanted assurance from Malkhan that he would spend at least Rs 50 lakh on Gungun's marriage,\" chargesheet says.Bhanwari had once approached the police demanding a DNA test on her daughter so that it could be proved that the child was fathered by Malkhan Singh. However, the MLA was informed by the police who sent Indra Bishnoi to play the role of mediator and pacified Bhanwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12092066", "title": "Detained TN fishermen released by Lanka", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Twenty-two Rameswaram fishermen, detained by the Sri Lankan navy on Saturday night have been released by a court of the island nation on Wednesday.\"They were let off by the court and have started their journey back home from Sri Lanka. We expect them to reach Mandapam anytime tomorrow (Thursday),\" said assistant director, fisheries department, M Veeran. The five boats that were seized by the Sri Lankan navy have also been handed over to the fishermen and is being brought back. They were held for allegedly trespassing into the Sri Lankan waters, the official said, adding that however, the Indian authorities are yet to ascertain whether the charge was true.The fishermen, who accompanied the detained men told the authorities that one of the five boats had hit a technical snag near Katchatheevu islet and they were setting right the fault when Sri Lankan navy rounded them up.Though the Sri Lankan government has released the detained fishermen without causing much trouble to them, the fishermen in Rameswaram fume that frequently detaining the fishermen terribly drained away their earnings.\"If a fisherman is held for five days, his family has to suffer without earnings during the period. Besides, the detention affects the morale of the fishermen and creates a fear psychosis,\" said Xavier Thambu of Thangachimadam, who had past experiences of being detained by the island nation's navy. Five fishermen, who were detained on November 28 on charges of smuggling drugs are still languishing in a Sri Lankan prison, the fishermen said.The fishermen from various fishing hamlets in Ramanathapuram set out for the sea on Saturday morning in 620 mechanised boats. Fishermen from Thangachimadam and Rameswaram areas in about 100 boats had cast their nets near the Katchatheevu islet and were fishing there around midnight. It was then that a flotilla of Sri Lankan vessels arrived at the spot. While fishermen in most of the boats who spotted the Sri Lankan navy, scattered away from the place, the island naval personnel rounded up five boats, including that of one Jaisingh from Thangachimadam. They then detained 22 persons in the five boats and took them away to Thalaimannar where they were produced before a local court.Fellow fishermen cut short their fishing trip and rushed to the coast in the wee hours of Sunday to inform about the detention to the fisheries officials and police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094348", "title": "Archana Kavi to do a Chameli", "text": "When Mollywood actress Archana Kavi got a call from director Santosh Sivan , she may not have expected a drastic change in her career.After playing the girlnext-door sort of roles, to portray the life of a commercial sex worker is bound to give the talented actress the opportunity to challenge herself before the camera. Instead, we hear she initially thought it was a prank. While the offer was not exactly from Sivan himself, the director had apparently zeroed in on Archana for the lead role in the offbeat Hindi film Saroja - a film directed by National award-winning cinematographer Anjali Sukhla. Anjali, who assisted cinematographer Santhosh Sivan on Urumi last, is turning director with this woman-oriented film. \"The role is rumoured to be a bit like what Kareena Kapoor played in Sudhir Mishra's Chameli, though, this one is going to be more realistic in nature,\" says our source.RED ALERT! Here are some heroines who made it to the big league with their roles as sex workers... Sheela - AGNIPUTHRISeema - AVALUDE RAAVUKAL Sumalatha -THOOVANATHUMBIKAL Vani Viswanath -SUSANNASmitha Patil - MANDIKareena Kapoor -CHAMELITabu - CHANDNI BAR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090388", "title": "Queen\u2019s Baton Relay scam : CBI chargesheet soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to file its chargesheet in the Queen's Baton Relay scam related to the Commonwealth Games in the first week of March without including the statement of London-based businessman Ashish Patel, for which the agency has waited for over an year.The agency was waiting for the statement of Patel, owner of AM Films and AM Car and Van Hire which were given contracts during the relay at exorbitant rates, to file the chargesheet in the case. However, despite the long wait, the agency failed to get the statement through diplomatic channels because of legal processes in the UK.The CBI had filed cases against Patel and three former officials of the Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee -- T S Darbari, Sanjay Mahendroo and M Jaychandran -- for alleged forgery and cheating in connection with the award of contracts to Patel's firms at exorbitant rates during the event in London in 2009.All of them have been granted bail as CBI could not file a chargesheet within the stipulated time. CBI had registered two cases against OC officials and Patel on November 15, 2010, but did file chargesheet as it was waiting for replies to its letters rogatory from the UK.\"It is alleged that in relation to the QBR held on October 29, 2009, the OC awarded the work of transportation to AM Cars and Van Hire Ltd at exorbitantly high rates without following the standard tender process,\" the CBI FIR had said. While AM Films was awarded work of installing three video screens near Buckingham Palace, AM Cars had bagged the contract for providing logistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12090412", "title": "Woman chews off boy's fingers in jail", "text": "AJMER: In a freak incident, a 35-year-old woman chewed off the fingers of a four-year-old-boy in Central Jail in Ajmer on Wednesday.The woman Barfi, who has been serving sentence for throwing her son from a running train, attacked the child who has been staying with his mother, also a prisoner. While trying to rescue her son, the woman too was attacked.The jail administration has lodged a complaint against Barfi at the Civil Lines police station, and sent the injured to JLN Hospital.According to sources, the incident occurred during lunch hour, when Salma went to collect her food, and her son Arman was playing in the jail premises.\"Barfi saw my son and started beating him. She later, chewed off his fingers,\" said an inconsolable Salma. Seeing her son crying in pain, she rushed to save him. \"But, Barfi attacked me and bit my hand,\" she said.The child has been in state of shock, and not uttered a word since the incident occurred.Barfi was arrested by the Railway police last month when she had thrown her child from a train running between Jaipur and Ajmer. She was remanded in judicial custody.Sources said Barfi would spend long hours sitting quietly in a corner but often got angry on seeing Arman.Jail administration, however, denied to comment on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12094317", "title": "Tibetans hold protests against India-China border talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: About a dozen Tibetans, including women, on Thursday staged a protest outside the Hyderabad House here objecting to the border talks between India and China claiming that Beijing cannot discuss the issue before giving freedom to Tibet.Draped in Tibetan flags and carrying anti-China placards, the protesters assembled in front of the Hyderabad House near India Gate in the morning where external affairs minister S M Krishna was holding bilateral talks with his Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi.Anticipating protests, a number of police personnel were deployed in the area and they immediately detained the demonstrators who were shouting slogans demanding freedom for Tibet.\"We have detained the protesters, including women. We have taken them to a nearby police station,\" a senior police official said.One of the protesters said China cannot discuss the issue before giving freedom to Tibet. \"It is ridiculous for China to have talks with India before giving us freedom,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12089881", "title": "Cluster of cell towers rings alarm bells for residents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cellphone towers in the Old City are sending out wrong signals. While at several colonies there are clusters of towers all located in one area raising alleged health concerns, threat posed due to the heavy towers on illegal and dilapidated constructions is another matter worrying denizens.According to GHMC records, there are more than 340 towers in the Old City. Based on complaints from residents, six towers were identified for demolition by the end of last year. Although GHMC issued notices, it is yet to act on them.Gulam Subhani, an advocate from Charminar, is one of complainants of health problems. \"About four years ago a tower was installed about 10 feet from my house. Everybody in my family is now suffering from sleeping disorders. There have also been three miscarriages in the family since the installation of the tower. I have made representations to the GHMC officials and also sought help of politicians. But the situation hasn't changed,\" he said. He added that he is left with the only option of filing a writ petition in court. Authorities of Princess Esra Hospital near Purani Haveli had also objected to the erection of a cellphone tower two years ago in their vicinity citing health hazards.When contacted, a GHMC official said, \"We have issued notices to six towers in the Old City areas. We need special crew to bring down these towers, so there was a delay. But we plan to start the demolition drive in a couple of days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089903", "title": "Australia regains its sheen, lures Indian students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mamta Thakkar, a marketing professional, is busy packing her bags to fly to Australia - a destination which had lost its luster on the heels of the spate of racial violence incidents against Indian students in 2009.\"The targeted attacks on Indians in Australia have stopped and hence it no longer deters me,\" said Thakkar, who plans to do MBA there and has opted for a work permit after completion of studies.Lure of work opportunities is beckoning aspirants once again, and Australia is again gaining popularity among foreign-bound Indian students. Many like Thakkar are turning their gaze Down Under after the Australian immigration authorities introduced lax rules on work permits last November for overseas students having studied in Australia for two years.According to the Australian High Commission, \"Going by the latest data of the last six months, the percentage increase in Indian students' applications is 105.1%.\"Shekhar Nambiar, spokesperson for the Australian High Commission, said: \"During the six-month period from 1 July, 2011 to 31 December, 2011, a total of 5,342 student visa applications were lodged offshore by Indian nationals. In comparison, a total of 2,605 student visa applications were lodged during the same period in 2010. This represents a year-over-year 105.1% increase in the six-month period in 2011.\"Between 1 July, 2011 and 31 December 2011, a total of 69,667 student visa applications were lodged offshore, with Indian nationals accounting for 7.7% of the applications, Nambiar informed. The number of student visa applications between October 2010 and December 2010 totaled 17,262 which rose to 23,431 during the last three months of 2011, representing a rise of 35.7%.Till 31 December 2011, there were 38,763 Indian student visa holders in Australia, while till 31 December 2010, the number was 59,719. \"This data shows that between 31 December, 2010 and 31 December 2011, there was a 35.1% decrease in the number of Indian students in Australia,\" Nambiar said.\"The Australian authorities have taken strict measures to control attacks on Indians in Australia. They have tightened security and nominated an ombudsman for Indian students in their country to whom the students can directly report in case of complaint. The recently introduced lax work permit norms for students studying in Australia is a major puller for aspirant Indians,\" said Gulshan Kumar, former president of Association of Australian Educational Representatives in India (AAERI).\"The rise in number of students seeking to go to Australia is rising. Since the UK has recently introduced tough norms and withdrawn the post-study work visa facility, Down Under is the destination of choice for a large number of students from Gujarat,\" said Rughuvirsingh Khushwah, an AAERI member in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh municipal corporation failed to bring in any new developmental project in its plan for financial year 2012-2013 as it passed a budget of rs 849.48 crore for the next fiscal on wednesday. no new taxes, including property tax, were on the agenda. some of the major highlights are as follows", "code": "12091486", "title": "MC\u2019s Rs 849.48cr budget has nothing new", "text": "Chandigarh municipal corporation failed to bring in any new developmental project in its plan for financial year 2012-2013 as it passed a budget of Rs 849.48 crore for the next fiscal on Wednesday. No new taxes, including property tax, were on the agenda. Some of the major highlights are as follows:118.46cr | Improvement of roads, parking places and other infrastructure 50cr | Augmentation of water supply from Kajauli phases V, VI, VII, VIII 52.15cr | Solid waste management and animal husbandry 23cr | Sewerage system 21cr | Storm water drainage 27.25cr | Civic works 25cr | Special development fund for southern sectors, colonies, villages, among others 1cr | Special grant to make the city solar energy equipped 50lakh | Special grant for the purpose of rain harvesting 20lakh | Special grant for dog bite victims (for poor people, through Red Cross)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092705", "title": "Industrial bodies seek action against hooligans", "text": "INDORE: The Association of Industries, Madhya Pradesh, submitted a memorandum to the Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) here recently to keep unscrupulous elements at bay. The association in the memorandum demanded for a police chowki near Narwal village under Sanwer Road Industrial Area.The memorandum also brought into notice the increasing traffic and encroachment problems on the Ujjain-Indore road.Representatives from four different associations, including Rolling Mill Association, Sanwer Road Small-scale Industries Association and Indore Loha Vyapari Association, were present in the meeting.Talking to TOI, Yogesh Mehta, joint secretary of the association, said, \"Recently, a goon threatened an industrialist who opposed against illegal encroachment. When we had gone to apprise the city superintendent of police (CSP) about the matter, we saw the same person sitting in his cabin. It is when we decided to approach SSP.\"The SSP has assured them of taking action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090517", "title": "Blast victims: HC raps AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday asked AIIMS to explain within a day its failure to provide artificial limbs to the victims injured in the 2011 HC bomb blast.The bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw sought AIIMS' explanation on a submission made by Gaurav Bansal, the counsel for victims, that despite the court's earlier order, nothing has been done for the victims and they have been running from pillar to post for artificial limbs.The court had, in January, directed the government to provide prosthetic limbs through AIIMS to the victims within a month. It also directed the Delhi government to foot the bills in case the victims get treated from any hospital other than AIIMS. Bansal filed a PIL seeking a directive to the government for prosthetic limbs to several blast victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090790", "title": "Top IPS officers under lens for buck-passing in Bishnoi case?", "text": "MUMBAI: Prima facie, it appears that the failure of six high-ranking IPS officials to take a complaint filed by former vice-principal Chitra Salunke against special inspector-general of police K L Bishnoi, prompted the Bombay high court to initiate a high-level probe by the central bureau of investigation (CBI).Salunke had lodged a complaint against Bishnoi, who was then the additional commissioner of police (economic offences wing), alleging that though he was absent for the practical examination of the final-year LLB course on March 12, 2005, he was shown present. In her petition, Salunke had impleaded six senior IPS officers, including Rakesh Maria, Naval Bajaj, Brijesh Singh, Vishwas Nangre-Patil, Sanjay Saxena and Mohan Rathod. The court found that while Salunke had lodged a complaint two years ago, no action was taken neither an official probe was ordered against the erring officials.According to reports, Salunke had first lodged a complaint with the then Mumbai police commissioner, Hasan Gafoor, in February 2009, saying that though she has knocked the doors of the Azad Maidan police station, no action was taken on her complaints and that senior IPS officers were shielding Bishnoi.If a senior IPS official is to be believed, then Gafoor had forwarded her complaint to additional commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena, who was then with the EoW. Saxena submitted that since Bishnoi was posted in Aurangabad as police commissioner, it was beyond his jurisdiction to probe against him and that proper officials will be additional DG ( Pankaj Gupta) in the DGP office. Saxena's report was endorsed by Maria and then forwarded to DGP's office for appropriate action.Then Salunke had lodged a complaint at Azad Maidan police station alleging that she was harassed and there was blatant violation of the prevention of atrocities against scheduled caste and scheduled tribe persons Act.Following the complaint, the then deputy commissioner of police, Nangre-Patil, had entrusted the probe to assistant commissioner of police Suresh Marathe, who completed the probe and submitted a report to the SCST commission and the Mumbai police commissioner. Besides Nangre-Patil, her complaint was also dealt by Brijesh Singh and Naval Bajaj, who too were DCPs supervising the Azad Maidan police station.\"Her case was dealt by several IPS officials but it was never taken to the logical conclusion. Even if reports were submitted by them, it was not known if the responsibility was fixed or otherwise. Under such circumstances, justice was not delivered to her, therefore the high court has stepped in and asked the CBI to probe if the senior IPS officials were shielding Bishnoi,\" a senior IPS officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12089743", "title": "TTD under fire for neglecting ancient Vakulamata temple", "text": "TIRUMALA: The Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) is facing flak for not rebuilding the ancient Vakulamata Devi temple located atop the hill at Perurbanda village in Tirupati rural mandal. TTD had decided long ago to renovate the temple and even earmarked funds for the purpose, but nothing has been done so far. A mass movement is building up now to protect the temple.Hindu dharma activists said the ancient temple is facing threat from mining contractors, who have already flattened nearly 60 per cent of the hill threatening the safety of the 300-year-old temple.\"In spite of protests from the people the contractors carried out mining activities at will. The entire hilly area is being dug up to extract stone blocks. If the quarrying activity is not stopped, there is no way one can reach the temple which is in a dilapidated condition,\" D Narendra of temple protection samithi rued.As protests intensified, the revenue department came forward and handed over TTD two acres of land in the survey number 590 of Peruru and another two acres in survey number 324 in C Mallavaram village in 2009. TTD also earmarked Rs 2 crore for renovation and refurbishment of the temple. But the local mining contractors filed a writ petition seeking stay on temple renovation activities. \"We have given land to the TTD, so it is for them to carry out renovation works,\" tehsildar Prasad told TOI.Curiously TTD has not filed a counter to the contractors' plea so far. The renovation activities are put on the backburner now. \"TTD has not bothered to fight it out in court. We will launch a mass moment if TTD does not take concrete steps,\" Kamalakar Swami of temple protection samithi warned. The samithi is planning to launch a postal campaign for rebuilding the temple.Goddess Vakulamata is the mother of Lord Venkateswara. The temple located on the rocky hill is spread over 50 acres. This temple was constructed in such a way that it faces the Lord of Seven Hills as per the wishes of His mother. According to pandits even the meal offered to Lord Balaji every day is offered to his mother first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12092185", "title": "Khadi attire out and linen in for fashion-savvy politicians", "text": "LUCKNOW: Elections are not just about lofty promises and image makeovers. They also have a fashion flavour with a subtle display of attire. The dominance of khadi in the wardrobe of a neta seems to be disappearing. Pringle, Armani or Reebok half jackets have replaced the coarse Jawahar sadri. And under the siege of white linen kurta and comfort trousers, the pervasive pyjama have outdone khadi outfits. Floaters too come handy for long political strides.A city based fashion designer says post-Independence decade was all about crude khadi. Later, Indira Gandhi brought about a Swadeshi wave when Indian block prints and handlooms described power dressing. With Rajiv Gandhi came the era of safari suits which was soon taken over by the 'caviar and cartier' tribe that comprised socialites, business tycoons and the Page-3 politicians. And now, designer label have swept the floor.In UP election, politicians cutting across party lines are making new style statements with their choice of clothes.Linen, a hot favourite: Salesmen at a store selling linen in Hazratganj reveal at times they are given advance orders on the basis of catalogues. \"Vidhayak bahut kharid le jate hain. Ek baar mein chay chay kurta (MLAs make bulk purchases. Some buy six kurtas in one go),\" says a salesman. The business has increased manifolds in the poll season. SK Dixit, who deals in retail and bulk sale of linen, says linen has become popular because of its thermo-regulatory properties. \"The fabric is like an air-conditioner - warm in winters and cool in summers. Then it requires less maintenance and has a longer life when compared to cotton,\" he says. He adds that though people from all walks of life are giving preference to linen over other fabrics, politicians are the ones placing bulk orders. \"The order for ten kurtas-pyjamas and sadris do not surprise us any longer,\" says Dixit. Some famous buyers include Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav, Congress leaders Pramod Tewari and Salman Khurshid, mayor Dinesh Sharma among others. Rahul Gandhi, claim Congress Party sources, also wears linen but he picks his clothes from Delhi.Ethnicity Intact: Though some star campaigners such as Zeenat Aman wearing a georgette suit in Varanasi and Nagma wearing a Kota sari in Lucknow suggest that styling among women has changed but the character of a politician's sartorial dressing - which is ethnicity - remains the same. Priyanka Gandhi, often seen in jeans and T-shirt when in New Delhi, wears coloured cotton sarees teamed with lycra blouses while campigning in Amethi. Congress party's star campaigner has been seen wearing pastel shades with traditional blouse. It is claimed that Priyanka picks sarees from her late grandmother's collection. The legacy of Indira style of dressing - that is hand-spun block printed cotton sarees - comes alive each time Sonia Gandhi make a political presence. Even UP Congress chief Reeta Bahuguna Joshi and BJP leader Sushma Swaraj owe their style of dressing to swadeshi influence. Chikank suits too are a good option for women politicians.Designer Look For Khadi: Brands selling traditional khadi attire have started feeling the heat of the linen trend. \"It seems to have taken over us. The business has ben dull this poll season,\" rues a salesman at a Gandhi Ashram store. Oblivious to the change, small khadi kiosks in Darul-shafa have been rendered without business. A couple of them have in fact started thinking for change-overs. Though not much affected in terms of business, Fab India, too has noted the change. A salesman at the showroom, however, claims there is nothing to beat a Fab India kurta or shirts. The reason behind the statement is a soothing blend of khadi, usually silk or silken cotton, with chikankari motifs or casual kurti shirts cuts that gel well with jeggings or slimfit trousers. At the moment, redesigning and Varun Gandhi appear to be the only hope for khadi's survival.Mera Style Mahaan: It appears that UP CM Mayawati's wardrobe is a shade-card of pastel pink and beige. Her loose kurtas, slackly shalwars, puffed sleeves with broad cuffs, granny purse and dupatta hugging the neckline - that drape her all the time and in all seasons -- fetched Behenji the ire of fashion designers. The more liberal ones may not appreciate replication but respect the choice. City based fashion designer Asma Hussain has got a chance to interact with the CM on this count. \"She has a logic behind her Pakistani salwars and Abaya (a sort of burqa worn by a section of Muslim women to side body curves) cut kurtas. And it is something every woman understands,\" says Hussain. Interestingly, during 2009 Lok Sabha elections, some students of a fashion designing institute in Chandigarh wanted to change the way \"Mayawati Ma'am\" dresses. BJP Leader Uma Bharti also has a distinct style. And the saadhvi has an obvious reason for it.Moolah For Fashion Mantra: The love for linen has, however, pushed the expenditure netas spend on his attire. Consider this: cost of linen for a metre of cloth is between Rs 600 and Rs 2,600. Keeping Rs 1,500 in mind as an average rate, the fabric for a normal kurta range comes at around Rs 3,500. Another two metres are needed for the pyjama which means Rs 3,000. Thus, six sets of kurta pyjama for a single poll season would cost Rs 39,000. A branded half jacket would be around Rs 4,000. A pair of sneakers along with a set of floaters makes one shell Rs 7,000. A saree would cost around Rs 3,000.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12095436", "title": "Temperatures remain below normal in Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Minimum temperature remained below normal in Punjab and Haryana even as there was a slight increase in the mercury in some places in the region.In Punjab, Ludhiana was the coldest recording a minimum of 7.6 deg C, down two notches while Amritsar recorded 7.8 deg C and Patiala 11.1 deg C, the MeT Department said here.In Haryana, Ambala recorded a low of 9.5 deg C, down two notches, while Hisar's low at 8.5 deg C was also down two degrees below normal.Karnal and Narnaul also experienced a cold night registering identical lows of 7 deg C, down three notches each, while Rohtak's minimum at 9.8 deg C was a notch below normal.The capital city Chandigarh recorded a minimum of 9.4 deg C, down one degree.The MeT office has forecast slight rise in temperatures in the region during the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094840", "title": "Kailash Kher to shoot a song in Udaipur", "text": "Earlier, in an interview with JT, Kailash Kher told us that he will not shoot his new album \"Rangeele\" in Rajasthan this time. \"Rajasthan mein humne kaafi albums shoot kiye hain and I believe we have given too much exposure to Rajasthan. So I thought of shooting in some other locale.Agar mein logon ko khoob daal baati khila doon toh woh logon ko bahut bore kar sakta hai. Though I have never captured the sanddunes in my videos and I wanted to capture them, I thought I should give Rajasthan a break, but I promise, I will come back to the state kyunki yahan ki mitti aur hawaein mujhe pukarti hain,\" he had told us.But, the singer couldn't stay away from the state, and soon, after performing at the World Sufi Spirit Festival in Jodhpur, he told us, \"Very soon, we will shoot another video in Ra jasthan. There are 11 songs in my new album and one video will be shot in Rajasthan.\" But earlier, you'd decided to not shoot here. \"We consciously gave a gap and did not shoot here. Rajasthan toh khud hee rangeela hai aur aise mein bahut similarities hain, and so that people don't take my album to be very Rajasthancentric, I decided to give it a break, but it was difficult for me to stay away from Rajasthan. Therefore, I will shoot one song here,\" said Kher, adding, \"I will capture Udaipur aur wahan ki kalakriti and monuments as they are a true reflection of the rich India.\"And he hasn't decided when,but he will shoot in \"2-3 months.\" And about his latest album, he observes, \"Zindagi ke itne saare rang hote hain and everyone in the world has a belief in love irrespective of cast, creed, and religion. Mohabbat sabke upar hai and everyone knows it. Love is the most pure thing God has created and that is what my new album is all about.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090817", "title": "Health services in need of a booster shot", "text": "PANAJI: Goa prides itself as the state with the best health indicators. However, wounds in the state's health care system were exposed when a three-member team of commissioners, appointed by the high court of Bombay at Goa, visited the Goa Medical College (GMC) and two district hospitals and submitted a scathing report in 2008.In their findings the commissioners noted that a large number of vacant posts, ill-motivated staff and non-availability of essential drugs have undermined the curative services at the district hospitals.Besides, lack of cleanliness in the hospital and dysfunctional ambulances and machines in government hospitals were some of the issues that concerned them.Health centres: There are 19 PHCs, 5 CHCs and a number of sub-health centers. Of these, 13 PHCs and all CHCs provide 24-hour healthcare and have gynecological and pediatric facilities.In addition to these, there are other facilities in urban centers focusing on specialized services. In the last 5 years, the government has improved the infrastructural facilities in the hospitals. The infant mortality rate in Goa is 10 and the male-female sex ratio in the state is 968 females to 1,000 males.Medical insurance: Goa has a medical insurance scheme that covers its citizens based on income. A Goan with an annual income below 60,000 is entitled to a mediclaim policy. In the last 5 years, a newborn screening programme and kidney dialysis have also been covered under this programme.Diabetes control: The health department expanded its free treatment to diabetes patients registered with private and government hospitals. They set up a diabetes registry and provide free medicines and insulin injections.Newborn screening: The state of Goa in India launched a newborn screening (NBS) programme for all infants born in government healthcare facilities in 2008. This is the first programme of its kind in India (and possibly in the developing world) where newborns are screened for nearly 50 inborn errors of metabolism (IEMs or metabolic disorders).Kidney transplant: Goa has started kidney transplants from 2011. Also. the number of dialysis units has been increased from 2 to 10.Hi-tech ambulances: The state launched the EMRI ambulances to attend to medical emergencies under the toll free service. Goa will be the first state in the country to have paramedics posted in ambulances and emergency rooms in rural dispensaries. Also two ambulances were deployed exclusively to cater to neonatal emergencies, one in each district of the state. The ambulance will have incubator and ventilator as well as an advanced para-medical staff who will work to save children's lives.Hospitals: There are nine government hospitals and 110 private hospitals. To check skyrocketing rates in the private sector, the government entered into a contract with ICICI Lombard insurance to launch its ambitious scheme to provide health insurance cover for resident Goans under the 'Swarnajayanti Aarogya Bima (SAB)Yojana'. But private nursing homes are refusing to be a part of the government health insurance scheme on grounds that rates of treatment offered to them is low. Also under the scheme, a family would have to spend from their pocket if the cost of treatment exceeded 60,000, even in government hospitals.Privatization: The new North Goa district hospital at Mapusa is being developed under the public private partnership (PPP). However, till date this has not happened. Even the state government's plans to set up a multi-specialty hospital on PPP-basis is yet to become a reality.The goal of elimination of lymphatic filariasis in the country is set to be achieved by 2015. The Goa government intends to achieve the target by this year.Vital stats: The infant mortality rate in Goa is 10. The Sex Ratio in the State is 968 (as compared to 933 for the country).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094941", "title": "Miss India '06 contestant Neha Ahuja bags a film", "text": "Neha Ahuja will star opposite Rajeev Khandelwal in Anish Khanna's When Love HappensAfter modeling for several years, Miss Asia 2007 runner up, Neha Ahuja has bagged a film opposite Rajeev Khandelwal. The project titled When Love Happens will be directed by Anish Khanna and will also star Rayo Bakhirta from Pyaar Ka Punchnama fame.Neha has been a prominent face in the modeling world after contested for Miss India in 2006. She was crowned \"Miss Beautiful Skin\" at the pageant. The following year, she became the runner up in the Miss Asia pageant and also won the title of \"Miss Photogenic- Face of Asia\".According to reports, Rajeev Khandelwal was involved in the casting process. A source close to the film told Mumbai Mirror, \"The makers of the film auditioned number of girls for the spot of the leading lady but were unable to decide. It was Rajeev who volunteered to be a part of the casting process and suggested Neha's name.\"When contacted, producer Sunny Sharma said, \"We auditioned a lot of girls and Rajeev was very helpful during the casting process. He suggested Neha for the role.\"Neha Ahuja, the leading lady of the film said, \"Shooting for a film is going to be very different from shooting an assignment as a model.\"The shooting of the film will begin next month and the makers plan to release it by the end of the year. For Rajeev, it is yet another film with an English title after Will You Marry Me.mehul.thakar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "12092051", "title": "4 killed in Dindigul as two lorries collide", "text": "DINDIGUL: Four persons were killed when two lorries, collided with each other near Batlagundu in Dindigul district on Wednesday. One of the lorries' was coming from Kodaikanal to Madurai. when it rammed into the other.Police said that the mini-lorry was carrying vegetable load from Gundupatti in Kodaikanal and was heading to the vegetable market in Madurai. in the wee hours.The lorry was crossing a bridge near a polytechnic on the Madurai - Batlagundu Road around 2am when it collided with a lorry from Sivakasi transporting paper bundles to Batlagundu.Driver of the vegetable laden lorry Tamilselvan (25) as well as two others in the same lorry identified as Jayamani (28) and Karpaganathan (35) were trapped in the mangled remains of the vehicle and died on the spot, police said. Few motorists and the public in the locality rushed to the rescue of the inmates of the lorry. They also informed the police and ambulance services. Vanaraja (31), who was thrown away from the vehicle in the impact of the collision was rescued by the public and was rushed to the government hospital. However, he succumbed to injuries on the way.Since the bodies were trapped in the vehicle, the fire and rescue services personnel managed to recover the bodies from the lorry after much difficulty. They were taken to the government hospital at Batlagundu and handed over to their relatives after postmortem. The driver of the lorry transporting paper bundles, Manikandan (45) was arrested by the police. Police said that they are probing the exact cause of the accident. However, they noted that there was a bend prior to the bridge.One of the drivers might have been overspeeding and lost control of the vehicle after crossing a bend prior to the bridge, unaware of the other vehicle coming in the opposite direction, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad/jagityal", "code": "12089767", "title": "Human rights panel seeks report on Andhra cop's brutality", "text": "HYDERABAD/JAGITYAL: In a shocking exhibition of brute power and authority, a police inspector rained blows on a minor boy with a lathi in full public view and pointed his revolver towards the boy threatening him with dire consequences if he ever resorted to stealing.Taking a serious view of the police official's high-handedness at Jagityal in Karimnagar district, the AP State Human Rights Commission (APSHRC) on Wednesday filed a suo motu case and asked the police higher-ups to furnish a report on the incident.The 15-year-old boy was picked up by the cops on Tuesday evening following a complaint from the residents of Pochammawada area that he along with his accomplice P Gopi was stealing petrol from parked two-wheelers at Annapurna Chowrasta in Jagityal town. Circle inspector Ch Deva Reddy and constable Ganga Reddy beat up the boy mercilessly even as the latter pleaded with them to spare him. While Ganga Reddy rained blows on his back, a furious Deva Reddy slapped him repeatedly on his face and cheek. The CI also gave severe lashes on his hand till the boy cried in pain. As if this torture wasn't enough, Deva Reddy, pointed his revolver at him and threatened to bump him off if he did not stop his stealing ways. Taking a cue from his boss, Ganga Reddy kicked the boy on his back.\"Even if the boy was stealing, the cops have no right to take law into their hands and met out a harsh punishment to him in full public view. A criminal case should be booked against the erring cops for their actions,\" a rights activist said.When contacted, district superintendent of police V Ravinder told TOI that an enquiry has been ordered into the excesses of the CI and the cop on the minor boy. \"No official will be spared if they are found committing excesses or taking law into their hands,\" he said. Jagityal additional SP Rama Rajeshwari has been appointed as the enquiry officer. \"We will take appropriate action after the completion of the enquiry,\" Ravinder added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12090887", "title": "Dry days on March 1,2,3 and 6", "text": "PANAJI: In view of the assembly elections scheduled for March 3, the election authorities have issued some guidelines for the benefit of voters.In an official press release issued on Tuesday, the election authorities have advised voters that any voter in the queue by 5 pm on polling day shall be eligible to vote and shall receive a serial numbered slip by the presiding officer of the polling station.Voters are advised to carry election photo identity card (EPIC) or the photo voter slip for identification.Overseas voters have to produce their original passport only for identification.The voters have to collect their EPIC from booth level officer, if not received.The photo voter slip is being distributed door to door by the booth level officers.In case any voter has not received the photo voter slip, voter may contact the booth level officer of the concerned polling station. As per the voting process, every voter, after establishing his/her identity with polling officer 1, shall get ready to be photographed and thumb impression taken by the polling officer 2 before proceeding to cast vote, unless instructed otherwise by the presiding officer.No mobile phones will be allowed within the radius of 100 meters of the polling station. Voter shall not use any vehicle of political parties/candidates to come to the polling station. The authorities have appealed to the voters to come out to vote in large numbers without any fear or favour. Meanwhile, the government has declared \" dry days\" from 5 pm of March 1, 2012 till 5 pm of March 3, 2012 and on March 6, 2012 the entire day. All licensed premises for sale of liquor shall be closed on the above date and time. The bar owners will ensure that the bar counters are closed and no display of liquor takes place during the above period. Further, the bar owners shall display a board in the premises stating that no liquor will be served and only restaurant is open for serving food. Any violation will be viewed seriously, the press release states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090815", "title": "Eight held following clash", "text": "PATNA: Eight persons were arrested by Patrakar Nagar police on Wednesday after a clash between two groups.The police said that one Sanjay Pandey, who runs a girls' hostel at the house of one Shambhu Nath Singh, was told by Singh to vacate his house.A heated argument took place between the two over the issue, the police said and added a scuffle broke out in which some persons from both the sides sustained injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kendrapara (odisha)", "code": "12094510", "title": "Olive Ridley mass nesting missing this year, experts hopeful", "text": "Kendrapara (Odisha): The annual spectacle of thousands of Olive Ridley turtles mass-nesting along the Gahirmatha coast in Odisha is so far missing this year, setting off speculation about its causes among wildlife lovers and experts.By this time every year, the mysterious Olive Ridleys settle down along the 12-km tranquil beach in their thousands to lay eggs.Has it anything to do with world-wide climatic change, or is it because of rampant fishing activity in large trawlers in the area which disturbs their privacy?Some worried wildlife lovers are also pointing fingers at the constant erosion along the length of the beach for the missing 'arribada', Spanish for mass nesting, in the world's largest-known rookery.However, Manoj Kumar Mahapatra, Divisional Forest Officer, Rajnagar Mangrove (wildlife) Forest Division, said, \"It is too early to conclude that turtles will skip mass nesting this year\".Mahapatra said he was still optimistic about the arribada taking place in March, though the turtles normally arrive there during January-February and the hatchlings emerge in May.There were instances in the past when turtles made their appearance in the shallow waters of the beach in the first week of March, but it was never delayed beyond that, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12089973", "title": "A special birthday for Leap year babies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arham Jain celebrated his first birthday on Wednesday - four years after he was born. His birth date, February 29, automatically puts him in an exclusive group of people - five million worldwide - for whom a leap year birthday is not annual, but quadrennial.\"We usually celebrate his birthday on March 1. That's when most people wish us. And we also tell him that's when his birthday is. He's too young to understand the concept of a leap year. But since this year is special, we had a big party,\" says his mother, Neha.Vasanti Vepa Ramiah, a retired human resources consultant, says she reminds people about her birthday a month in advance on leap years. \"As a child I felt freaky and thought it was weird to have a birthday once in four years. Now I embrace it,\" she says. Usually she celebrates her birthday on March 1. \"February 28 is a bit premature, but it's always extra-special on a leap year. I always want to celebrate it a bit differently. This year it's a party on a larger-scale than previous years,\" she says.For 24-year-old Hemant Sharma, a leap year means an exciting birthday gift. \"On my last real birthday I received a laptop, and the one before that I got a desktop PC. This year's present is still a surprise,\" he says. He also says nobody forgets to wish him on a leap year birthday. \"It slips outside the radar on other years, but when it is February 29 many people try to recall if they know anybody whose birthday it is,\" says Sharma, who is pursuing an internship at a software firm.Many Leap Day babies (also known as leaplings, leapsters, 29ers) use their birthday as an excuse to remain forever young. \"I tell people I have just entered my teens and have years to act like a brat now,\" jokes art historian and author Ashish Khokar, who celebrated his 13{+t}{+h} real birthday this year. \"In these rushed times, a leap year birthday gives the license to grow up slowly,\" he says.This year is also special for those who got married on February 29. \"People usually wish us on 28 February or March 1, so it never feels like a real anniversary. This year is obviously special,\" says Jagdeep Kaur, a businesswoman. People often ask her if the choice of the wedding date was deliberate, but she laughs and says it was just a coincidence.But having an unusual birth date brings its own set of issues. Sharma says his account on Facebook shows both February 28 and 29 as his birthday. Ramiah's only gripe with a leap year birthday is that even at 56, she hasn't met another leapling. \"I've found a lot of murderers and criminals with whom I share my birthday, so I'm not thrilled about that,\" she says. She is part of an international online portal, Honor Society of Leap Year Day Babies, where she is in the company of leaplings from across the world. But any interaction with them is virtual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12091816", "title": "Former SIMI activists found guilty of promoting communal strife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fast track court in the city on Wednesday found five activists of banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) guilty of publishing an article against the unity and integrity of the country in a tabloid way back in 1999 while another accused was exonerated. Though they had been sentenced to three years of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000, they had to be released as they already served their prison term during the course of the trial.The highly sensational case was charged by Coimbatore City Police in June 1999 after tabloid 'Seithi Madal' carried an article by SIMI activist SHM Moideen comparing the then social situation in Kashmir with strife torn Kosovo. The highly critical article was targeting the Indian Army and its alleged violations of human rights in the Kashmir Valley but police found the content threatened the federal structure and unity of the country. In the map carried along with the article, Kashmir was seen not part of India and a portion of Pakistan .When controversy over the article became intense, the police started a massive hunt for the author and others who worked for the magazine. Moideen had succumbed to illness before the police could arrest him. During June last week, police arrested Abu Tahir and Shajahan, two distributors of the magazine. Tahir was a juvenile at the time of the incident.Based on information from them, police arrested then SIMI state president S Shameem Ul Islam of Chennai and senior leader A Syed Muhammed of Tuticorin. Seithi Madal's editor Syed Abdul Raheem and lay out artist Khader Bhawa were also arrested.Within one year of their arrest, a fast track court had pronounced them guilty and slapped three years of imprisonment. The accused appealed in the Madras High Court, which ordered a retrial in 2006 and the case was diverted back to the trial court. The retrial was completed on Wednesday and all excluding Abu Tahir were pronounced guilty under sections 124 (A) (sedition) and Section 153 (B) (promoting communal animosity) of the IPC. Abu Tahir was acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091115", "title": "Pavana reservoir 55% full, no water cuts in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: Unlike Pune city, Pimpri Chinchwad may get uninterrupted water supply this summer because the Pavana dam's reservoir, which is the only source of drinking water for the twin township, has enough water to last for the next six months.The dam can store up to 10.78 TMC water, which includes 1 TMC dead stock, 6.55 TMC reserved for Pimpri Chinchwad city and 3 TMC for irrigation and for meeting the drinking water needs of Dehu Road, Talegaon and other towns and villages along the Pavana river.At present, the water level in the dam is 607.71 meters, which means it is about 55 % full. \"There is 4.66 TMC water in the dam which is sufficient to meet the drinking water needs of Pimpri Chinchwad city and other towns and villages besides providing water to farmers for the next six months. If the usage continues at the current rate, there is no need for water cut,\" an irrigation department official said.M T Kamble, joint city engineer and in-charge of water supply department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), said the civic administration has not taken any decision about curbing supply to the residents of Pimpri Chinchwad city.The civic body supplies 420 MLD to 425 MLD (million litres per day) water to its residents. It has implemented phase I to phase IV of the water supply schemes till now. Phases I and II have a combined capacity to treat 228 MLD raw water while phases III and IV can treat 200 MLD raw water. PCMC executive engineer Pravin Ladkat said the four water supply schemes are designed in a way that they can treat 20% more water, if needed.\"Earlier in 2003-04, the state government had taken a decision to release water from the dams in Pune district to the drought-affected areas of Solapur district. As a result the water from the dams in the district was released which finally reached Ujjani dam through various tributaries of Bhima river. The water from Ujjani dam was released into Bhima river for meeting the drinking water and irrigation needs of various parts of Solapur district. If the state government takes such a decision again this year then water may have to be released from Pavana dam,\" the irrigation department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090423", "title": "Leaplings defy parents\u2019 plans and show up", "text": "MUMBAI: Defying their parents' best efforts at putting off childbirth on a leap day, a bunch of defiant leaplings did show up on February 29. Thankfully, all fear and superstition over the date dissolved into joy and pride as the couples set eyes on their newborns.Thirty babies were born in Sion Hospital until 8.45pm. \"We have three hours to go so the final count may touch 35. And no, none of the parents cared about the date,\" laughed Dr Rakesh Verma.At the Trymbakeshwar rural hospital in Nashik, doctors and staff members distributed bouquets to three women who delivered on Wednesday. \"Devkabai Somnath Gaware gave birth to a male baby weighing 2.5kg, Aarti Satish Bharit had a girl at 2.15am, while Gangubai Somnath Shid bore a baby boy weighing 3kg at 8.15am,\" said Dr Ujwala Tejale, reading the list of leap day deliveries.Mumbai gynaecologist Dr Firuza Parikh pointed out how the niceties of a date did not mean anything in rural areas. \"One must ask whether even having a baby really means anything amidst such poverty and deprivation,\" she added.In upper crust Mumbai, superstitious parents who had been apprehensive of giving birth to leaplings found their feelings change overnight. Elanith Nissim was admitted to a Powai hospital with labour pains on Tuesday. \"She was hoping that the baby would be born before the calendar turned, but that was not to be,\" laughed her doctor, Anita Soni. Nissim's husband Subhash Jaiswal admitted how fatherhood had instantly altered his logic over the date. \"We now realize how unique this date is given that it occurs but once in four years,\" he gushed. Alongside Baby Jaiswal, a surrogate mother delivered a pair of twins, breech babies, under the care of Dr Soni.Private hospitals Lilavati and SevenHills did not see any delivery while JJ head of gynaecology Rekha Davar reported a routine seven births.In the suburbs, Dr Rishma Pai was busy juggling the needs of Neelam Solanki who had gone into labour. Neelam said, \"I have secured a postponement for March 1 although I would be happier to find a 'mahurat' of my choice. But the doctor has a busy schedule.\"\"My birthday is on March 2 and I would like two occasions to celebrate.\" Neelam's first born Aryan had been due on April 1 but she deferred it to April 2 to spare him the embarrassment of All Fool's Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12089691", "title": "Stage set for Teppotsavam", "text": "TIRUMALA: With the annual Teppotsavam at Tirumala scheduled to take place from March 4 to 8, TTD is busy making arrangements at the Swamy Pushkarini, the temple tank.The five-day float festival is one of the most prominent annual festivals in Tirumala.The processional deity is taken around on the flotilla in the holy waters in various avatars each day.On the first day, the processional deity would be don the avatar of Lord Rama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091163", "title": "Students opt for online studies over coaching classes", "text": "PUNE: Self study for schoolchildren has now acquired a whole new meaning with a host of websites offering e-learning resources at the click of the mouse. Coaching classes and home tuitions have taken a backseat, as students now prefer doing their homework at home with the help of e-learning resources available on the World Wide Web.The syllabus of all boards are made available on these websites and students can practice any chapter of any subject through test papers, power point presentations, quizzes, and model answers available on the site. While most websites allow students to download material for free, there are a few that offer packages in the form of practice papers, question bank, science practical package, and Vedic maths, among others.Prakash Kanade, who founded a web portal in 2008 to aid students with online study, said, \"With technological advancements and students getting computer savvy, they also want to adapt to the changes happening around them. So, we started the website to cater to the std X students of the state board in particular and it has received a very good response.\"Kanade's website has a user base of 2,000 students from across the state. Each year, they have been upgrading the study portal as per the needs and demands from students. Initially, they uploaded study material for students of English medium, and in the following year for semi-English medium. From the 2012-13 academic year, the website will also cater to Marathi medium students.\"Ask the expert is one of the most popular features of the site, where students can interact with education experts and clarify their doubts, which otherwise they would feel shy to ask in a classroom. The content available on the website is free, which includes online test as per the chapters in text books, past exam papers, model answers, revised syllabus, animated explanations for chapters in text books, among other things,\" Kanade said.Last year, Rucha Jadhav, a student of Muktangan High School, quit her coaching classes and decided to do self-study online. Rucha secured 91% marks in her examination. She said, \"I heavily depended on online tests that are freely available on several study portals. In the last two months before the examinations, I solved past question papers and that really helped me.\"Abhinav Bhargav, chief executive officer of another such portal, said, \"These days, students look for interactive and engaging ways of studying. The blackboard and chalk method is fine and teachers are irreplaceable, but these days, students want more than that. Books tend to get boring and that's where technology plays a role.\"Bhargav's website has a user base of about 300 students from not just urban cities like Pune and Mumbai but also Aurangabad, SataraOne of the most popular elements on the website, Bhargav said, is the quiz section. \"Once a student studies a topic, a quiz on the topic follows. Students really enjoy solving this quiz as it is very interactive with animated features in it,\" Bhargav said. The website covers curriculum for state board students of std VIII to X.Aatish Jain, a std X student, who will be appearing for the state board exam, starting from March 1, has not been to coaching classes for the past two years. \"We are anyway learning in school by traditional means and hence, I did not feel the need to join a coaching class that follows the same method. I find study material available on the web more interesting and engaging. Also, I can test myself immediately through online papers. Also, an expert is available to answer my queries.\"In fact, there are some applications available wherein students can download books on their mobile handsets as well. Shiresh Gangakhedkarr, managing director of a private firm which provides on such application, said, \"To download books on the mobile, students will have to visit our website funfill.com, choose their mobile handset and the link will be sent to the student's mobile through an SMS. The book will thus be downloaded and students can make use of it for last minute revisions and even regular study.\" At present, subjects like algebra, geometry, physics, chemistry and biology can be downloaded free of cost from the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091689", "title": "Comed-K results out", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka bagged four ranks among the top 10 in the Comed-K medical PGET, and candidates from Kerala swept the top ranks, including 1, 2, 6 and 7.Andhra Pradesh and Chandigarh took one rank each. This year, except for three boys, it was girls who stole the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094406", "title": "'Paan Singh Tomar' comes under Censor Board axe", "text": "Although the censorboard has shown an unprecedented liberality by passing an inherently violent story like 'Paan Singh Tomar' with a 'UA' certification(suitable to be seen with parental guidance) it wasn't easy getting a censorial clearance for the film.Says a source close to the project, \"Though the film is set in the Indian heartland and the characters speak a rough raw earthy bhasha, they don't use expletives as such. There is only one character played by veteran actor Rajendra Gupta, whose colourful language had the censorboard running for the scissors and gunning for the gaalis .\"Dhulia apparently had to fight tooth and nail to prove that cleaning-out the character's language would be tantamount to emasculating him.Tigmanshu had to wage a long battle, and still he had to finally expunge the expletives.\"There was a specially heated argument over one sequence towards the end where Irrfan's character is speaking to Gupta,\" informs the source.When contacted Dhulia said, \"Yes, the censorboard did have a problem with Rajendra Guptaji's dialogues. He plays Irrfan Khan's coach in the film. And he uses bah**d in his language liberally and frequently. While I did agree to do away with most of the objectionable expletives there's a scene towards the end when Irrfan visits his old coach who asks, 'Why have you come to see me?' . Irrfan says he's come to hear his gaali . Now, to not have a gaali here would be impossible.The whole sequence is based on the gaali .\"Dhulia apparently argued his case. But the censorboard was adamant, arguing that a 'UA' certification meant children would hear a member of the educational community abusing in a film.Finally, Dhulia had to settle for a compromise.Says the director, \"I agreed to let Gupta Saab say 'bahen'and then instead of the second part of the cuss word I'd put something like, 'di takki'\"Dhulia says he doesn't mind making the alterations. \"I had to make no cuts in my earlier film Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam in spite of its sexual content because it got a straight 'A' certificate. In spite of the film's violent heart the censorboard agreed to give 'Paan Singh Tomar' 'UA' certificate. That widens my audience spectrum. To phir kuch adjustments to karni hi padegi .\"Dhulia also had to blur or delete some scenes showing the characters smoking. \"But that's okay. I'm just happy that the censorboard is looking at a film with its given specific theme and milieu and not making arbitrary cuts,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12090068", "title": "Suburbs facing random blackouts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unofficial power cuts have returned to haunt residents in the outlying areas of the city. The Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) has started imposing three-hour outages in the suburbs which fall in the Rangareddy and Medak districts.Although CPDCL officials have claimed that power cuts were being resorted to on a day-to-day basis , residents in Malkajgiri, LB Nagar, Medchal, Uppal, Bowenpally, Nacharam, Jeedimetla, Rajendranagar and Alwal report that, for the past few days, blackouts have been occurring for two hours in the morning and again for an hour in the afternoon.When there was a loss of 500 megawatts (MW) on Tuesday between 5am and 10.30am, several areas witnessed power cuts for more than three hours in the morning itself.\"Unscheduled power cuts are making our lives miserable. The CPDCL should announce a schedule for the power cuts that we may finish our work accordingly,\" Kakeri Gopal, a resident of Kukatapally, told TOI.Anxiety over the power cuts is in no small way being fuelled by examination time in schools. Although officials have assured that power cuts would be imposed only at daytime, it is being feared that blackouts my soon become nightly too. According to officials, the Greater Hyderabad area, which comprises the metro zone (core area of the city), Rangareddy district North, South and East circles, has a daily requirement of about 39 to 40 million units of power. The demand is likely to go up to 45 to 47 MU per day at the height of summer. Generally, sources said, power consumption in Greater Hyderabad in the months of February/March would be 32 to 33 MU per day. The power consumption was only 33 MU last year in March.However, in the first week of February 2012, consumption was at 38 MU and had increased to 39 to 40 MU by the end of the month. On February 25, 39.81 MU was consumed, on February 26 (Sunday) 37.69 MU and February 27 38.98 MU.\"We are imposing power cuts on a day-to-day basis in the non-core areas of the city depending on power availability,\" CPDCL director (Greater Hyderabad) K Venkatnarayana told TOI.Meanwhile, domestic consumers in the core areas might have to face loadshedding after the Assembly's budget session. \"If the power generation situation continues to be like this, the core area may have to witness three to four hour long power cuts,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089606", "title": "Cable war threatens to turn ugly again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a long period of surficial calm, the notorious cable war in the city is threatening to get ugly again. What has now worried the city cops is that Dubai-based underworld gang members may be taking special interest in it.Several cable operators of the city had gathered at the crime branch office in Gaekwad Haveli for questioning on Monday. The questioning was triggered by a complaint submitted at the crime branch by a city-based cable operator, Qayum Ajmeri. On Sunday, Ajmeri told crime branch that Dubai-based gangsters have threatened to kill him if he does not back out of the city's multi-crore cable TV business.\"There are two companies that provide cable TV connections in various parts of the city. These two groups have been at loggerheads since several years,\" said crime branch officials.Ajmeri has also claimed that some hired goons have reached the city and are terrorizing him. Crime branch officials have been interrogating Sultan, a history-sheeter of Juhapura, for last three days. He has been accused of extortion and issuing threats in the cable war. Police said, \"A retired IPS officer is supporting Sultan and we have received a number of complaints against him. We are trying to establish the accusations.\"Crime branch officials said,\"We are taking the possibility of cable war erupting in the city quite seriously. The two gangs are poised for violence and we have to take precautionary measures to defuse the explosive situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12089812", "title": "Govt to set up water regulatory authority", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In order to regulate the water management sector, the Gujarat government on Wednesday announced its decision to establish Gujarat Water Regulatory Authority (GWRA). A government notification, said the powers of the authority include fixing and regulating \"the water tariff system and charges for surface and sub-surface water used for domestic, agriculture, industrial and other purposes\".To function in the same way as the Gujarat Electricity Regulatory Commission (GERC) does for fixing power tariffs for various sectors, the notification says, it will also \"determine and regulate the distribution of entitlement for various categories of uses as well as within each category of use\".Other powers include periodical \"review and monitor of the water sector costs and revenues\", and perform any other powers, functions and duties \"as assigned to the authority by the state government by notification.\"The notification also says, the authority will work \"according to the framework of the State Water Policy and other existing laws of the state.\" It added, \"The government shall have the power to issue policy directions to the authority on matters concerning water in the state including the overall planning and coordination.\"Consisting of chairperson and two other members, with head office in Gandhinagar , the notification says, the Chairperson and other members will be appointed by the Governor of Gujarat on the recommendation of the Selection Committee headed by the Chief Secretary, and consisting of additional chief secretary (finance), principle secretaries of industries, water supply and urban development departments and special secretary (water resources) as members.\"The chairperson shall be a person who is or who was of the rank of chief secretary of the state or equivalent thereto\", the notification says, adding, \"One member shall be expert from the field of water resources engineering, while another one shall be expert from the field of water resources economy.\"The notification further says, the authority may, as and when needed, invite as special invitees experts who are having adequate knowledge, experience or proven capacity in dealing with the problems relating to engineering, agriculture, drinking water, industry, law, economics, commerce, finance or management for assisting the Authority in taking policy decisions and members from farmers' organizations of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12091758", "title": "Between wickets, kids game for adventure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday galli cricket? Forget it. There is hardly any space in residential areas to have a field day. The action has now shifted to amusement zones and adventure clubs. As 10-year-old Ritesh Gaur would tell you, real thrill comes from sweating it out and reaching the pinnacle of a rock. He goes rock climbing every weekend.The Indian Mountaineering Foundation (IMF) on Benito Juarez Road has an artificial wall that children can use for rock climbing. \"We have a registration system and an instructor who will teach them how to climb. We usually have a four-hour session per day at a cost of Rs 150. Several children come here to learn and, at the same time, unwind,\" says Harish Mamgem, senior manager, IMF.Lots of children in the older age group often try something more gutsy like paintballing. Painball Sports Company has pools in Noida and Gurgaon. \"The children should be above 11 years. We brief everyone before entering the pool that they can't take off their face mask and that there can be no close-distance firing. It can be a lot of fun provided children take care,\" said an instructor.The Balloon Club of India, which conducts hot air ballooning near the Sohna lake in Gurgaon, gets a lot of children in winter. \"During their winter vacation, many children like take part in adventure activities. Earlier, we used to do all these activities at the Safdarjung airport but now it is not allowed. The Sohna lake is a great place for kids. We charge around Rs 1,000 per person for the hot air balloon ride and suggest that the participants must be at least above seven years,\" says Anil Chopra, who manages the activity. Children can also do go-carting, which gives the feel of driving a fast car without the associated risks.Younger children can visit the zoo or go for storytelling sessions at organizations like the Katha Foundation. \"There is much more to do than taking very young kids to malls. Any outdoor activity is a better idea. The zoo has always brought a smile on my three-year-old son's face,\" says Dipannita Saha of Green Park.Soon kids may be able to celebrate their birthdays on the (HOHO) bus service of the Delhi tourism department. \"Children abroad have such parties on the buses. It's a great idea and we are working out how we could implement it in Delhi. We are also seeing a huge participation from children just to take the ride,\" says Sudhir Sobti, manager, Delhi Tourism. The boat rides at Purana Qila and India Gate are also fun for children, Sobti added.The Garden of Five Senses at Said-ul-Aizab village also organizes adventure activities like trekking, crossing barriers and other sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090732", "title": "Heart valve change without operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new technique to replace heart valves offers hope to those unfit to undergo open-heart surgery due to old age or other health complications.The new method called Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement ( TAVI), involves doctors transporting a synthetic valve to the heart through a small incision in the groin.Three elderly patients with severe blockage of the main blood vessel of the heart (calcified aortic stenosis) have been treated using this technique at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of cardiac sciences at the heart institute, said the patients had reported ill to the hospital .\"They were at risk as conventional surgery would have involved opening up the chest and heart and putting patients on cardio-pulmonary bypass. Two of them had earlier undergone bypass surgeries and were frail while a woman also had extreme calcification of aortas making her unfit for surgery,\" said Seth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12092328", "title": "Ex-football aces take a shot at poll politics in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: In Goa's playground of politics, the March 3 polls will be the match of the year. Contesting in the elections are top sportsmen such as goalkeeper Avertano Furtado and former midfielder Benjamin D'Silva: two among a number of sportspersons trying their hand in politics. Sports and politics are intertwined in the coastal state so it's no surprise that these newcomers will take on political heavyweights already associated with sports bodies.Former Salgaocar and MRF goalkeeper Avertano Furtado is contesting as an Independent with BJP support and challenges strongman Churchill Alemao, the football biggie thanks to his Churchill Brothers Sports Club.Keeping Furtado company is Benjamin D'Silva, also an Independent, contesting from Velim. The midfielder dons the colours for Salcete Football Club and is now an executive committee member of the Goa Football Association.Then there is Glenn Souza Ticlo, BJP's Catholic face in Aldona. He may be known as a successful businessman, but in his teens Ticlo was a talented footballer who represented the state at the junior nationals. In Canacona, the main candidates are rooted in sports. Sitting BJP MLA Ramesh Tawadkar was a physical education teacher at Shradanand Vidyalaya in Poinguinim before he joined politics. He was also good at kabaddi, while his Congress rival, Isidore Fernandes, represented the state at the Santosh Trophy and was an accomplished footballer.Goa's assembly is a sports field alright. If CM Digambar Kamat's exploits in badminton are still fresh in memory, home minister Ravi Naik was among Goa's better volleyball spikers.Transport minister Ramkrishna Dhavlikar alias Sudin still owns the bat with which he cut rival bowlers to size while turning up for Bandora Youth Club. He still flaunts his batting skills during local matches.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12092132", "title": "Families 'leap' in joy despite rare birthdays", "text": "TRICHY: A four-year-old girl who was born on February 29, 2008, told Dr Rohaiyya on Wednesday that the latter had done her a great disservice as she had to miss three birthdays in a row since her birth! In fact, it was Dr S Rohaiyya Beevi, who helped deliver the four-year-old Anushia, the heart-broken LKG student.As if to make good the loss of the three missing birthdays, Dr Rohaiyya from Trichy's Thillainagar was specially invited to Mannachanallur village the child hails from, and Anushia's birthday was celebrated on a grand scale. Dr Rohaiyya, the MDMK's candidate in the bygone mayoral poll, told TOI that \"in my 39 years of service, this is the first time I have visited a hamlet for a celebration like this. Since February 29 also coincided with a village festival at Mannachanallur, the child was considered to be divine.\"According to Dr Rohaiyya, the girl's father told her that if he had known the significance of February 29, he would have requested the doctor to postpone or advance the date of delivery.While the calendar adds one extra day every four years, these \"unfortunate leap year kids\" are reportedly unhappy because they lose three birthdays in the meanwhile. For instance, a petrol bunk manager strictly told Dr Rohaiyya that the D-day for C-section which was scheduled today must be postponed by a day, as he did not want his baby to miss three annual birthdays in a row. Now, the operation is re-scheduled for Thursday.Though medically there is no reason whatsoever as to why a baby should not be delivered on a leap year day, little children as they grow up take the missing of a birthday to their heart, said the doctor. At Janet maternity clinic, lathe operator P Ramachandran's wife delivered a girl on Wednesday through a pre-term labour. Though the D-day was fixed on April 28, the baby was delivered through preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM) after the mother was rushed to Trichy from Perambalur where she was admitted on Monday. After the baby was born at 12.41 pm in Trichy, an elated father told TOI that, \"I am not ruffled because it is a February 29 child. On the contrary, my girl would be forever young.\"At 8.30 pm, five male and 10 female babies had been delivered at the Annal Gandhi Government Hospital in Trichy on Wednesday. Though they would miss a few birthdays, they could proudly share a birthday with the late prime minister of India Morarji Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091320", "title": "Sule champions group farming", "text": "PUNE: Baramati MP Supriya Sule has appealed to the state government to form a firm policy on group farming. Compared to setting up a cooperative society of farmers, it is easier to form a group of farmers for producing one particular crop or fruit, she said.Sule was in the city on Monday to discuss group farming with farmers and agricultural experts. She later issued an official communication stressing the need for urgent action for group farming.Sule said, \"In the last seven-eight months, the district agriculture department has set up 4,000 groups in the district and 80,000 farmers have been connected through it. At the initial level, these groups will be working on fruit processing, mainly custard apple. Purandar taluka is leading in terms of custard apple production and processing.\"Due to the small size of their land holdings, small or marginal farmers are not able to produce anything on a large scale. If they come together and form a group, the government can recognise them and provide facilities like pesticides, equipment, fertilizers. Moreover, joint efforts will reduce labour charges per head. All the costs will be shared and production cost would be lower, she said.If the government revises its existing funding of Rs one lakh per farmer and provides funds directly to the group, the total requirement would be lower and lead to savings in government's funds, Sule said. \"Some farmers cannot avail loans due to the smaller size of their land holdings. But with group farming, there will be more land under cultivation of a single crop. This would increase the creditworthiness of farmers in the bank and the group can avail bigger loans from the government,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12092451", "title": "Government wood worth lakhs recovered", "text": "BAHRAICH: The forest department has recovered government wood worth lakhs of rupees from a brick kiln of the son of zila panchayat head. Two forest officers were also allegedly involved in this. A case has been registered against them and a departmental inquiry ordered against them.Reports said Meraj Khan, son of zila panchayat head Gulshan Jahan, has a brick kiln on Malhipur Road.The forest department received information that government woods had been illegally kept at the brick kiln in connivance with the forest personnel. A raid was conducted and 36 logs of various trees were recovered. The numbers of forest department printed on the logs confirmed that they were smuggled out from units 2 and 12 of Shravasti Forest Corporation. On the basis of the evidence section officer Ramchandra Sahaai and unit officer Vishwanath Singh have registered the case against Meraj Khan under the Forest Conservation Act. The recovered woods have been handed over to Raipur forest chowki. DFO RK Singh, DFO of Shravasti Karn Singh Gautam, forest circle officer were present during the proceeding.Shravasti Forest Corporation has become infamous for selling of forest wood. The sales manager of the corporation too had been suspended also he was found involved in such practises but there has been no check on wood theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092604", "title": "More cases slapped on murder suspect", "text": "CHENNAI: Joseph alias Arockiasamy, arrested and charged with murdering a bank employee Aruna Seethalakshmi in Nungambakkam and robbing an 80-year-old woman Anandha at Abiramapuram, is looking at a long time in jail after being formally arrested by the police in four more cases of burglary reported in T Nagar, Tiruvanmiyur, Teynampet and Virugambakkam.Investigators said he employed the same method in the four robberies: He broke into houses and hid inside till the residents were asleep and then robbed them in the middle of the night.Abiramapuram police interrogated Joseph after taking him into custody last week. During interrogation, he revealed that he had committed four other offences in 2011.According to police, Joseph entered the house of an elderly woman and hid himself underneath her cot. He threatened to kill her and escaped with 12 sovereign of gold jewellery and Rs 11,000 in cash after waking her up in the middle of the night. The incident happened in January 2011. The police recovered 25 sovereigns of gold jewellery from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12092526", "title": "Portion of dilapidated building collapses", "text": "VARANASI: In a very congested locality near Bhosle Ghat, parts of an old and dilapidated building collapsed due to illegal construction of some houses in Golagali of Patanitola locality under Chowk police station limits on Wednesday morning. The labourers busy in construction work had a narrow escape. The owners of two houses fled from the scene after the incident. The police lodged an FIR against one of those under-construction building owners.The residents of Golagali and Patanitola area told TOI that decades back, one Chidanand Sanskrit Vidyalaya was operated in the building (number CK 2/11) by a Gujarat-based trust. The trustees had appointed the family of Gopal Trivedi as the caretaker of this building in which a Hanuman Temple was also constructed. Long time back, some portion of the old and dilapidated building of this school had collapsed, after which the trust decided to shift the school at Gurjar Chhatravas (hostel) in Karnghanta area.Later, the dispute of this property was taken to the court after the differences created between the trustees and Trivedi. It was stated that Trivedi got the court decision in his favour. After it, Trivedi sold the building to four persons - Manoj Pindharkar, Deepak Sharma, Deepak Pandey alias Chunni Guru and Gopal Yadav recently.After purchasing the building, Manoj and Chunni Guru engaged contractors and labourers to replace the old building and construct new houses in their portions. Major construction work had already been done. But when a contractor was working with labourers in the portion on Chunni Guru, the rear wall of the dilapidated neighbouring building, owned by Madan Yadav and Sadan Yadav, collapsed. Fortunately, except one labourer Kallu, who suffered minor leg injuries, no other sustained any injury. After the incident, the contractors, labourers as well as Manoj and Chunni Guru fled from the scene.The news of the incident brought the officials on their toes. The ADM (city) along with a heavy police force and fire-fighters also reached there. Later, on the basis of a complaint given by the family of Madan and Sadan Yadav, the Chowk police registered an FIR against Chunni Guru. The ADM admitted that during initial investigation, it was found that the building of Yadavs collapsed due to a fault committed by the labourers engaged by Manoj and Chunni Guru in constructing the new building without initiating precautionary measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12091841", "title": "A creative competition for kids", "text": "COIMBATORE: Education Times, part of TOI, joins hands with Park Global School to organize a creative contest for kids in Western Tamil Nadu called Paint My Dreams.Children in the age group of 4 to 10 years can compete to have their walls painted with their favourite cartoon. All they have to do is visualize and draw their favourite cartoon character on a sheet of paper and send it to The Times of India office at Puliakulam Road. Alternatively, the same can be mailed to paintmydreamcontest@gmail.com.Paint my dreams allows young artists to bring their dream cartoons to life. The drawing should be accompanied by a slogan on why the child wants that specific cartoon on his/her wall. The ten best winning entries will be shortlisted. The winners will get their rooms painted with their dream cartoon.As part of a CSR initiative, Education Times and Park Global School are planning to make the learning environment appealing at remote schools with underdeveloped infrastructures. These colourful and interesting paintings would be replicated on their walls. Making classrooms interesting is the best way to retain a child's interest in class. Education Times also intends to create enhanced learning environment in remote, underdeveloped schools, making classrooms and learning more exciting. For further queries, please call 0422-4201234.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12090629", "title": "Black money panel\u2019s term extended", "text": "NEW DELHI: The report on black money has met with resistance since the members of the high-level panel that was set up by the finance minister last May differed on some of the suggestions made to the ministry's sub-group.Though the intra-ministerial group, which has a joint secretary from the law ministry as its member, has finalized an initial draft, it's still far from final. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has extended the panel's term till March 31 to submit its report. This has been the fourth extension for the committee.A member of the committee told TOI on Wednesday that the report is still in the draft stage as some of the suggestions in it are not acceptable to all the members. As of now, the draft is only a collation of suggestions made by various investigative agencies.Earlier, the Income Tax had sought empowerment through fresh laws to prosecute offenders and those responsible for accumulating black money. However, the member from the law ministry had stated that the existing provisions in the law were enough to safeguard those concerns.So far, the I-T investigation units had been forwarding all corruption cases to the CBI for prosecution after imposing tax and penalty on seizure and undisclosed wealth. Only in cases of some foreign bank accounts that were investigated by the department last year, I-T had initiated prosecution in various courts.The panel on black money is headed by the chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes and has four other members from the finance ministry besides heads of three investigative agencies - the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, the Enforcement Directorate and the Financial Intelligence Unit - along with a joint secretary from the law ministry.The committee is examining the existing legal and administrative framework to deal with the menace of generation of black money through illegal means, including declaring ill-gotten wealth as national asset; amending laws to confiscate and recover such assets and providing for exemplary punishment against its perpetrators.Committee members had mooted some changes to strengthen the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). Some of the suggestions made by the members to strengthen the PMLA have been initiated with amendments brought before Parliament in the last Winter Session seeking to make an offence punishable with unlimited financial liability imposed on the accused besides a prison term of up to seven years.Earlier, the financial implication for an offender under the PMLA was extended to only Rs 5 lakh. The members of the committee are, however, demanding the offence punishable with rigorous imprisonment of up to 10 years, similar to what is given in cases of drug-related offences.The I-T department is seeking changes in the income tax return form where it is proposed to make it mandatory for all individuals and corporate houses to report their foreign transactions. Financial market intermediaries, banks and other financial institutions routinely report all high-value transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit and suspect cases are forwarded to investigative agencies concerned for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12091379", "title": "Canopy of motherly care for forlorn girls", "text": "SURAT: Radhika and Mimi were two mentally challenged girls on the threshold of womanhood. Though deserted, they were still lucky.On June 17, 2010, they were picked up from a city road by volunteers of Shree Manav Kalyan Trust and then temporarily shifted to Nari Sanrakshan Gruh on Ghod Dod Road. Thereafter, this special school-cum-hostel for multi handicapped, mentally challenged girls and women suffering from autism in Amroli has become their permanent home.Trust secretary Bharat Desai said, \"I had read about deserted girls and women being raped and one of them becoming pregnant. I used to work for physically challenged children and adults for seven years and thought that in south Gujarat there was no home for such unfortunate women. Thus, I started this school on July 21, 2008.\"Run from a rented home of six rooms, this hostel-cum-school houses 39 women like Radhika and Mimi. Apart from Delhi and Chennai, Surat is the only city which has housing and education facilities for such women.\"We can't have more than 40 women. We have a waiting list of 70 women. The trust has bought 5.5 acres of land in Variyav and work is in progress to shift this residential school there in a few months' time,\" Desai said.The residential school is recognized by state government, which grants Rs 600 per girl. \"We have a staff of 21 people. The inmates can't be left alone even for a minute,\" in charge school principal Bharat Solanki said.\"Mimi is 16 years old. She combs her hair and eats herself, which she was unable to do before coming here. She likes singing film songs. Her IQ is not very high and she needs care. We have kept her in care group,\" Solanki said. Radhika is 14 years old, but can hardly utter a word. Feeding her is a Herculean task. \"Radhika tries her best to respond, but doesn't succeed,\" Solanki added.Assistant professor, psychiatry, Government Medical College, Surat, Dr Kamlesh Dave, who certified the two girls, said, \"They can't lead a normal life as the damage to their brain is irreversible. They need constant care.\" Desai said, \"Our aim is to help such women in need so that they can lead a respectable life. People of Surat have been helping us in our endeavour. We wish to help more such forlorn girls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "12091666", "title": "\u2018Concussions affect teens more than kids, adults\u2019", "text": "TORONTO: Teenagers may be more vulnerable to the effects of concussions or traumatic head injuries compared to adults and younger children, a new study has claimed.The study, published in journal Brain Injury, found that teens had larger impairments on tests of working memory - the ability to process and store short-term information in the brain which is needed for learning - six months after they suffered a concussion compared with adults and children.According to study author David Ellemberg, a professor of kinesiology at University of Montreal in Quebec, the region of the brain responsible for working memory, frontal lobe, undergoes a growth spurt during adolescence, making it more fragile and susceptible to concussions.Deficits in working memory can impair a person's ability do everyday things, such as multitasking, Ellemberg said. \"Contrary to the belief that children can play through a concussion because their brains are more resilient, we find they are more vulnerable to the effects of a brain injury than adults,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "12091305", "title": "Ashwamedha Yaga kicks off, 5L to attend", "text": "HASSAN: The symbolic Ashwamedha Yaga began here at Doddapura, Hassan taluk, here on Wednesday. The yaga will be held for seven days along with many other yagas. The main aim of the symbolic yaga to free the nation from corruption, terrorism and for peace in the country. Parameshwar Bhat, 105, who has taken the lead to perform the yaga, says that Ashwamedha Yaga is performed for the welfare of all.As many as 600 vaidikas and agamika Brahmin priests from Karantaka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are performing various yagas such as Sahasthrachandikayaga, Athirudramahayaga, Anjaneyahoma, Mruthunjayahoma, Gayathrihoma, Sudharshanhoma, Dattatreyahoma and Ramapattabhisheka. Over 5 lakh devotees are expected to attend the yaga in the seven days.Around Rs 8 crore will be spent on the ceremony. The yaga will not have any animal sacrifice.Opposition to YagaIntellectuals opposed the yaga claiming it is unscientific and sheer waste of money. J H Narayanaswamy, writer and advocate, said, \"When the district is reeling under drought, they are wasting crores on yagas which are meaningless. This is unscientific. Have people forgotten in what age they live in to believe in such rituals.\"Green activist H P Mohan scoffs at claims that burning herbs during yagas cleanse the environment. \"Tonnes of foodgrains is poured into the fire. It's a waste,\" he feels. Spending so much on religious ceremonies is pointless, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12090796", "title": "Govt presents detailed report on panchayat bhavans", "text": "PATNA: The state government is constructing 67 Panchayat Sarkar Bhavans in the Naxal-infested region for which Rs 30.54 crore has been allotted. Stating this in the Bihar Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, rural works department minister Bhim Singh said that so far as any as 14 buildings have been constructed and 41 were under construction while 12 projects could not take off due to land controversy, non-availability of land or other administrative reasons.Replying to a question of Avanish Kumar of the BJP, the minister said that the Panchayat Bhavan scheme are being taken up under the state government's ambitious project, 'Aapki Sarkar, Aapke Dwar', which was launched in 2006-07 by chief minister Nitish Kumar. The panchayats where buildings have to be constructed were selected by the home department, he added. Avanish wanted to know the reasons for delay in construction of the buildings.Singh presented a detailed report of the progress of work under all the panchayats. The work has been completed at Sikaria, Sevnan, Made Bigha, Surgapur Bhawanichak and Jamuk (all in Jehanabad district), Bhokaha, Konch, Rupaspur and Jamuawan (all in Gaya district), Samhuta (Rohtas), Barharwa (East Champaran), Bheswan and Bhagwanganj in Patna's Masaurhi block. At Azimganj and Mahgawan in Munger, work could not be started due to land dispute and at Bara and Tineri in Gaya district, the DM stopped the work while at Pabhera and Vijyapur, both under Dhanarua block in Patna, the land has not been acquired as yet.Tubewells: Minor irrigation minister Awadhesh Prasad Kushwaha, while replying to a question of Amarendra Pratap Singh of the BJP, said that only 1,800 out of 5,500 state tubewells were functional, but hastened to announce that the rest would also be made functional in 2012-13. Singh pointed out that in 2011-12, Rs 32 crore was allocated for the tubewells, but only Rs 10 crore could be utilized. Leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui sought to know if the remaining fund will be surrendered.As the House assembled for the day, an Independent legislator, Jyoti Rashmi, stormed the well of the assembly, pushed an official reporter's chair and staged dharna to protest the alleged implication of her husband, Pradeep Joshi, in an illegal mining case in Rohtas distict. Waving a placard, she demanded a CBI inquiry into the charges made against Joshi, a former MLA, and said he had been falsely implicated in the case. Parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav objected to her action and use of unparliamentary words against Speaker Udai Narayan Choudhary. The Speaker said that he would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12091759", "title": "BJP alleges NRHM graft in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: After the multi-crore corruption unearthed in NRHM in UP, the BJP has rocked Rajasthan Vidhan Sabha alleging corruption in 108 ambulances operating under NRHM.The BJP alleged that the state government is hand in gloves with the 108 ambulances operators, Ziqitza Health Corporation Ltd (ZHCL), as two of the company's directors are linked to two senior union ministers. The BJP alleged that terms and conditions were amended and the contract through competitive bidding designed to favour Ziqitza Health Corporation. The issue came to light on October 21, 2011 when NRHM mission director Gayatri Rathore blocked the payments of the company alleging that the company was involved in overbilling.The bills submitted to the medical, health and family welfare department showed that an ambulance made more than 100 trips in a day, which attracted attention of the mission director.The department released Rs 1.5 crore so that the services would not be disrupted, but it did not pay Rs 7 crore, which was demanded by ZHCL, as the department decided to investigate into the billing of ZHCL.On November 23, ZHCL again claimed that the outstanding payment had crossed Rs 10 crores, disrupting the ambulance services again.The medical, health and family welfare department pays Rs 94,899 per month for each of 464 ambulances. Also, they have to make at least 5 trips per day, which is the target set by the department. In the condition of not achieving the target the department would deduct some amount from Rs 94,899 depending upon the target achieved.There is one clause regarding penalty in the agreement which refers to proportionate deductions from the claims if the average number of trips or ambulance or day is not met. This clause has been used by NRHM Rajasthan to withhold payments.The dispute between the department and the company increased as there was no clarity on the definition of the term 'trip'. The state government constituted a Committee for Resolution of Disputes in 108 Ambulance Service. On November 24, the committee decided to fix 30 km distance as one trip. The department decided to pay as per the distance travelled by the ambulances from November.Senior BJP leader Kirit Somaiya had on February 6 alleged corruption in the allotment of 108 ambulance services in Rajasthan.\"ZHCL took over operations from the previous operator GVK EMRI, the entire system was based on patients served or beneficiaries. In absence of any Standard Operation Procedures from the NRHM officials (which was required as per the agreement), ZHL followed the previous system and prepared the back up for the bills on the same basis. The same was accepted by NRHM and we assumed that it is the system to be followed,\" a ZHCL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094485", "title": "Manthrikan's starry muhurth", "text": "The muhurth of Anil's next, Manthrikan, was a star-studded do. Ac tor Jayaram, who plays the lead in the movie, was dressed in a kasavu mundu and shirt.Poonam Bajwa, the lead lady, looked chic in a knee length white floral dress.The director is introducing four fresh faces in the movie - Natasha, Nila Raj, Sukanya and Swapna Menon. The debutants had a whale of a time chatting up with friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12095957", "title": "Supreme Court directs Centre to provide number of homosexuals in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing displeasure for not furnishing details of homosexuals' population, the Supreme Court today asked for all relevant records from the Centre about LGBT ( lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) people, including their number and the number of HIV-infected among them.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said the data which was put before the Delhi High Court has not been placed here and directed the Centre to provide the entire information on the next date of hearing.The bench also pulled up the government and its officials for not doing their \"homework\" in the case.\"You should have done your homework before coming to the court\" the bench told an official, appearing in the court.Observing that it was stated in the high court in 2009 that eight per cent of homosexuals were HIV infected, the bench queried about the latest figure on the LGBT population and their numbers inflicted with the deadly infection.The government, however, contended that there are 23.9 lakh people infected with HIV in the country.The apex court is hearing petitions filed by anti-gay rights activists and also by political, social and religious organisations, which have opposed the high court verdict.Senior BJP leader B P Singhal has challenged the high court verdict in the Supreme Court saying such acts are illegal, immoral and against ethos of Indian culture.Religious organisations like All India Muslim Personal Law Board, Utkal Christian Council and Apostolic Churches Alliance too have also challenged the judgment.The Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Right, Tamil Nadu Muslim Munn Kazhgam, astrologer Suresh Kumar Kaushal and yoga guru Ramdev too have opposed the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12092237", "title": "Give us toilet papers at least, BWSSB told", "text": "BANGALORE: \"You won't supply water anyway. Give us toilet papers at least!\" This plea from a corporator in the BBMP council on Wednesday reflected the gravity of the water crisis engulfing the city.Cauverypura ward corporator R Prakash made this fervent plea to BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta who arrived unannounced to the council.In a cruel irony of sorts, Cauverypura, a newly-added BBMP area, has been deprived of Cauvery river water and its bore wells have dried up.\"Residents of my ward go to other villages even to take bath. I am tired of answering their questions. I have developed chest pain and am making regular trips to hospital. It's the same with other corporators too. If something happens to our health, the BWSSB is responsible,\" Prakash said.WHY BLAME US?Hanumanthnagar corporator K Chandrashekar argued that ensuring water supply was not a fundamental duty of corporators, but still they ended up taking flak for it. \"Publish in newspapers contact numbers of all important officials who must be contacted in times of water scarcity so that we get some respite,\" he told the chairman.Noorjahan Shariff from Kushalnagar said that she bought a new car only to hide herself from the eyes of her constituents. \"Whenever I left my house, residents of my ward stopped me and asked me about water shortage. Tired of this, I finally bought one more car just to escape their furious questions,\" she said.DJ Halli corporator R Sampath Raj alleged a mafia of valvemen is responsible for aggravating the crisis. \"Let us handle the valves. Those labourers have no concern for the public and turn the valves when they wish. They pay no heed to BWSSB's engineers,\" he rued.Gupta admitted that water scarcity prevails in eastern and north-eastern parts of the city. \"We have appointed 27 special officers to address public grievances,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12092633", "title": "Student on train dies as head hits post", "text": "CHENNAI: An 18-year old engineering student travelling on a suburban train died when his head hit an overhead electric cable post on Wednesday. Railway officials said the accident might have happened either due to overcrowding or carelessness of the commuter, who was apparently travelling on the footboard.Police said, J Ramkumar, 18, from Ambedkar Street in Kottur village in Uthamapalayam, Theni district, was an IT student of Madras Institute of Technology in Chromepet. He was staying with his sister at JC Nagar in Urappakam. He used to commute daily by train to his college. Around 8.30am on Wednesday, he boarded a Tirumalpur-Tambaram suburban train from Urapakkam station. Though the accident took place at peak hour, the compartment was not so crowded, said a police officer.When the train crossed Perungulathur, many commuters moved towards the door to alight at Irumbuliyur and Tambaram which were the next stations. He might have been pushed out in this rush and got his head hit against the post, police said. He fell down and died on the spot. The other passengers raised an alarm and some shouted out at the locals. The railway police were also alerted. Passers-by rushed to the spot to check if the boy was alive, but they found him dead. The railway police brought an ambulance and took the body to Chrompet General Hospital for postmortem. The body was later handed over to the relatives.Repeated campaigns by the railways and the railway police have failed to change the attitude of some commuters. Several youngsters continue to travel on footboard, hop in and alight from moving train and cross railway tracks.After the number of deaths on tracks touched 500 in a year, railways had launched awareness drives in the Beach-Tambaram and Chennai-Arakonnam sections. Pamphlets were distributed to highlight dangers of walking on tracks and travelling by footboard, and the punishments for such acts.Some commuters said students are the main violators. \"Trains are crowded, but there is often enough space to stand inside. But a majority of the students prefer to stand near the compartment doors. There are two to three colleges on the route. These youngsters put other passengers also at risk,\" said a passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12094322", "title": "Emraan Hashmi offered YRF\u2019s next", "text": "After Karan Johar's venture, the actor will be seen in Badmaash Company director Parmeet Sethi's upcoming filmThe Dirty Picture got Vidya Balan a lot of glittering awards. As for Emraan Hashmi, the film brought in offers from the biggest production houses in the Hindi cinema industry. Emraan, who has reportedly been roped in for Karan Johar's production to be directed by Rensil D'Silva, has now signed a film with Yash Raj Films, reveal industry insiders.According to the source, Emraan Hashmi has been roped in for YRF's next, to be directed by Parmeet Sethi, who had earlier made Badmaash Company with the production house.Emraan is currently shooting for Vikram Bhatt's Raaz 3. And though the formalities of the YRF venture are still underway, Emraan is apparently quite excited about his role.YRF spokesperson denied that Emraan was a part of the film and simply said, \"Parmeet is still scripting the project.\"'I don't want awards'Emraan Hashmi, who has reportedly signed films with two of the biggest production houses of the Hindi film industry, Yash Raj Films and Dharma Productions, refused to reveal anything about his future projects with the big companies. He simply said, \"When there's a formal announcement, I will be in a position to say something,\" and added, \"I have always looked up to both the production houses. They have made some cult films.\"And though films have always fascinated him, film awards haven't. Talking about his co-star Vidya Balan sweeping all the awards for The Dirty Picture, Emraan simply said that he is happy for her. \"I don't want awards. I am not saying this like it's a case of sour grapes. It isn't. I have been to a couple of award functions and I soon realised that it doesn't give me the kick that it does to others,\" he added.His no award formula has worked. Women swoon over his rough and tough look. He attributes it to his 'Lazy shaving schedule'. His films have also been musical successes. And that, Emraan attributes to his music directors admitting that he doesn't listen to the songs himself. \"I like progressive trance. It's ironic actually, I don't like popular music and my music always becomes popular,\" he laughs.While Emraan may want to dismiss his success formule, certain things will always remain with the actor. His 'serial kisser' tag for instance. \"It will haunt me till the day I die,\" agrees the actor. The dark and negative characters that Emraan has been best known for are however, a matter of choice.And Emraan tries his best to make his characters look real. For his role of a jounralist in the late Shamin Desai's Raftaar 24x7 that is now being completed by the filmmaker's widow Priyanka and has been renamed Rush, Emraan has been observing the media. \"I found a journalist's life tough. I play an investigative crime journo in a news channel,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12092744", "title": "No trace of 2 missing minor sisters from govt-run child home", "text": "INDORE: There is no trace of two minor sisters, who had gone missing on February 25 from the government-run child care centre Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram here, despite three days have passed.These two girls were handed over to Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram by a child care voluntary organisation on the order of the child welfare committee after they were found to be wandering on the city roads.Co-ordinator of Childline, a voluntary organisation looking into the issues related to children, Manisha Payal said that she received a call from the Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram on February 25 that the girls identified as 11-year-old Payal and her sister Ankita, 7, had gone missing, a day after they were handed over to it for their proper care.She said that the minor girls were found to be wandering near Apna Palce in the city on February 21. Chandan Nagar police found the girls and handed them over to the Childline the same day, she said adding that sisters belonged to Kadiya Pachor village, about 40 km the city.Manisha said that the girls were orphans as their parents died a few years back and their grandmother, Kallu, approached Childline seeking to return her granddaughters. Childline did not hand over the girls to her as she could not produce any documents substantiating the claim.Since Childline could not keep the girls for more than 72 hours, it handed them over to Rajkiya Bal Sanrakshan Ashram, following the order of child welfare committee on February 24.The very next day, Childline received a call that the girls had gone missing. Since then they have not been traced.However, the issue was reported to Sanyogitaganj police on Monday night only in which police have started investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12092675", "title": "MP starts rehabilitation of 300 silicosis victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat is yet to respond to the National Human Rights Commission's (NHRC) recommendations to compensate persons suffering from silicosis even as Madhya Pradesh has initiated the process of relief and rehabilitation of over 300 victims.Madhya Pradesh government informed the NHRC that it has made arrangements for medical treatment and rehabilitation of 304 persons suffering from silicosis but it is yet to come up with a draft policy on tackling the issue as promised, an NHRC spokesperson saidThe MP government has told the NHRC that a state-level Silicosis Board has been constituted under the chairmanship of Additional Chief Secretary and Labour Commissioner as Member Secretary and concerned departmental heads as its members.Medical Examination Board has also been constituted at district and block levels to provide medical facilities while free check-up and treatment is being given to silicosis patients every week through special camps.\"MP government has informed the NHRC that awareness campaigns are being organized on time to time basis in the silicosis prone areas.\"A community based intervention with silicosis victims of district Jhabua is now active. Rs.33.17 lakh have been sanctioned to Shilpi Kendra, Indore by the State Health Department to provide rehabilitation to the silicosis affected persons,\" the spokesperson said.The state government also said that the MP State Pencil Workers Welfare Board in Mandsour is providing economic assistance, insurance and scholarships to the children of silicosis affected workers.The Collectors of Alirajpur, Dhar and Jhabua Districts have also given reports on rehabilitation package given to silicosis affected persons, the Madhya Pradesh government informed NHRC.On the other hand, the NHRC issued a fresh notice to Gujarat Government and asked it to inform about the action taken on its recommendation for compensating the next of kin of 238 victims of silicosis in the state within four weeks,Earlier this month, an NHRC spokesperson said, the Commission had set aside the Gujarat Government's contention that under the third schedule of Factories Act, 1948 there is a list of 29 notified diseases including silicosis and, if any compensation is given in a case of death due to silicosis, it would amount to opening a pandora box for 28 other diseases.The Commission had observed that it is competent to recommend compensation under Section 18 of Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993 and, the monetary relief recommended by it for the victims of silicosis should be in addition to remedies available under Employees State Insurance Act, 1948 and Workman Compensation Act, 1923. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12092049", "title": "CPM leader Tapas Chatterjee yet to surrender", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the CPM and Trinamool clash at Rajarhat , the 18 persons who were arrested for being involved in the case was produced at Barrackpore court. Six of them were remanded to 10 days of police custody and the rest 12 persons were remanded to 14 days of judicial custody by a special court for being involved in the clash.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said that a probe is on the case. \"Raids were still on,\" he aid. The police is also yet to recover the missing service revolver by which one of the miscreants fired. However, Rajarhat-Gopalpur Municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee, against whom charges have been levelled for leading the attacking mob, didn't surrender at Barrackpore or Barasat court, as normal court proceedings did not take place on Wednesday due to the death of one of the lawyers. The local CPM leadership led by CPM's North 24 Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb and former Rajarhat MLA Robin Mandal will take a final decision on this to decide as to whether Chatterjee will surrender before the court on Thursday.On Tuesday, trouble had broke out when a CPM procession shouted slogans at the school gates, urging teachers to join the strike. Trinamool supporters led by local MLA Sabyasachi Datta rushed to the spot and allegedly tried to dissuade the teachers from coming out. This led to a heated altercation which triggered of the clash. Several were injured including Datta's security guard Shankar in the clash. Shankar was admitted at a local nursing home and was undergoing treatment. A complaint was lodged against Chatterjee by Trinamool's Rajarhat MLA Sabyasachi Dutta of leading the mob. One of them allegedly snatched the service revolver of Dutta's security guard Shankar and fired.The locality around Kali Park where the incident took place remained tense even the day after on Wednesday. Police pickets dotted the locality while police patrolled in front of Tapas Chatterjee's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12091869", "title": "70-yr-old man rapes mentally challenged woman, arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: A 70-year-old man was arrested for allegedly raping his neighbour, a 22-year-old mentally challenged woman, on Wednesday.The accused, a father of 14 kids, has been identified as Dastagir Khan. He allegedly broke into her house in Neelasandra and raped her around 4 pm.The victim's mother, who works as a housekeeping staff in a private hospital, had locked the house from outside before leaving for work in the morning. On returning home from work in the evening, she found her daughter weeping. The girl told her mother of Khan's deeds.The mother filed a complaint with Ashoknagar police.Medical tests done at Bowring Hospital confirmed that the victim had been raped, following which Khan was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12090951", "title": "\u2018Toll hatao\u2019 members take to the streets once again", "text": "GURGAON: Members of the Toll Hatao Sangharsh Samiti once again took to the streets on Wednesday to protest against the existence of two toll gates within 18km of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway.The Samiti had chosen February 29 as the day of protest to coincide it with the day when the court heard the case pertaining to 45 protesters who were arrested on January 29 from the 32-lane plaza under Sections 107/151 of the IPC.Hundreds of members first took out a rally at 9am starting from Rajiv Chowk to Mini secretariat and met the city magistrate to hand over a memorandum to the state governor. Later, they gathered in front of the court, near gate number 1 and sat on a protest for two hours.Samiti members reiterated that their protest would continue till toll gates were not removed. Attar Singh Sandhu, coordinator, said, \"We are waiting for Delhi high court's hearing on March 1 in the case related to scrapping of contract by NHAI with the expressway concessionaire.\" Sandhu said members had decided to take the next step only after the hearing. However, \"if our demands are not met, a major protest march will be carried out in March,\" he added.The Samiti also extended its support to the 45 protesters who courted arrested while carrying out a demonstration in January. Sandhu informed that the court has fixed March 30 for the next hearing.Samiti members also expressed their unhappiness over the fact that the Gurgaon-Faridabad road would also start collecting toll in the coming days. INLD leader Gopi Chand Gehlot said this was going to put an extra burden on commuters. Gehlot added that even tractor trolleys used by farmers have not been spared from paying toll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12089851", "title": "City to host four-day national dance festival in March", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city will see a unique dance extravaganza on March 3 as Nrityabharti Performing Arts is bringing out the 9th edition of national dance festival. The four-day event will showcase various Indian classical dance forms like Odissi, Kuchipudi, Bharatnatyam and Tandava which will be performed on a single platform.The festival is conceptualized by veteran Bharatnatyam dancer and choreographer Chandan Thakore. \"During this festival, we've focused on connecting the old and new school of thoughts. We've attempted to envisage synchrony and synergy by incorporating fresh and different dimensions by bringing different dance forms on a single platform,\" he said.The event will be inaugurated with Bharatnatyam dance compositions at C N School auditorium. On March 4, Vyjayanthi Kashi, a renowned exponent of Kuchipudi from Bangalore, will perform with her troupe and exhibit new dimensions of Kuchipudi at Prakash Auditorium.On March 5, Tandava The Vibrance, a group of Bharatnatyam dancers from Bangalore, will perform at Tagore Hall, and on March 6, Ratikant Mohapatra, son of legendary dancer Kelucharan Mohapatra and a veteran dancer and exponent of Odissi himself, will perform along with his troupe from Orissa at Tagore Hall.\"To celebrate the decade of the completion of the national festival from 2014, we plan to annually host the biggest 10-day dance festival of the country in Ahmedabad,\" said Thakore who is known for propagating the art of Bhartnatyam by training thousands of students in India, Austria and Germany. \"We aim to propagate and promote our classical dance forms and preserve our cultural heritage,\" says Nirali Thakore, co-host of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12091369", "title": "Accounts officer gets 3 years' RI for cheating bank", "text": "PUNE: The court of chief judicial magistrate Ms N T Ghadge on Wednesday sentenced accounts officer Vidyadhar Sharad Tilak (54) of Canara Bank , Ramwadi branch in Yerawada to three years' rigorous imprisonment and fined him Rs 1.25 lakh for duping the bank of Rs 28.02 lakh by opening a fictitious account and depositing the amount through bogus vouchers.Tilak, a resident of Anandnagar, Sinhagad Road, had opened a fictitious pension account in the name of Shyamkant Marne on October 19, 2005. Between October 19, 2005, and October 30, 2006, he had prepared bogus vouchers and made changes in Marne's account to show Rs 28,02 lakh was deposited. He even withdrew Rs 23.53 lakh over a period of one year.The bank's branch manager Suresh Sonawane (61) registered a complaint against Tilak with the Yerawada police station after the fraud came to light.Assistant public prosecutor Prakash Gaikwad said, \"Tilak managed to withdraw the amount as he had stolen the branch manager's password. In a successful transaction, the bank employee recommends the transaction and this has to be verified by the branch manager. In this case, Tilak himself filled the form, recommended it for withdrawal and also approved it, after using the branch manager's password.\"He said Tilak never actually deposited the amount, but withdrew Rs 28.02 lakh. The prosecution examined eight witnesses to prove the guilt of the accused.Sub-inspector M V Nanaware investigated the case, while head constable Ravindra Shinde ensured the presence of witnesses in the court.Tilak was sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment each u/s 409 (criminal breach of trust), 420 (cheating) ,467 (forgery),468 (forgery for cheating), 471(using forged document as genuine) of the Indian Penal Code. He was fined Rs 25,000 under each section. The sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12095176", "title": "Fodder scam: CBI court frames charges against Lalu Prasad, 3 others", "text": "PATNA: A CBI court on Thursday framed charges against former Bihar chief ministers Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra and ruling JDU MP Jagdish Sharma in connection with the multi-crore fodder scam.Charges were also framed against former RJD MP R K Rana in connection with the case.Designated CBI Judge V K Srivastava framed the charges against them in the case relating to fraudulent withdrawals of around Rs 46 lakh by officials of state animal husbandry department from Banka and Bhagalpur treasuries through fake enforced bills between 1994-96.During the period, Prasad was the chief minister of Bihar.Prasad alleged that he has been falsely implicated in the case and the \"CBI had not procured gubernatorial nod for prosecution in this case\".The central investigative agency had charge sheeted them in this conspiracy angle case on March 3, 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12091901", "title": "18 years after death, begum gets a quiet burial in Karbala", "text": "LUCKNOW: Very few people in Rampur were surprised when a plainly dressed though primly coiffured her highness Nawab Aftab Dulhan Sakina uz-Zamni Begum of Pirpur stepped out of he r320 room residence -Kothi Rampur Khas -- in the summer of 1984 to play a commoner. Despite her advisers' misgivings, she had made up her mind to contest the Lok Sabha election that year. And as old-timers in this erstwhile princely estate vouched, the wish of the gutsy and headstrong wife of the last nawab of Rampur was known to be her command. The only exception was her last wish, which took over 18 years to be realized.On February 21, 18 years and four months after the Begum passed away, her coffin was taken out of the kothi to be transported to Karbala in Iraq for final burial, as per her last wish. As the original coffin had become too old it was transferred to a sturdy new one, covered with a velvet chador and rose petals and then placed it in the zanana imambara for public viewing.A shia alim brought from Delhi presided over the rites. Next morning a handful of close relatives bade a silent good bye to the begum. Her 'tabboot' was brought out by the pall-bearers dot at 6 am, placed in an ambulance bound for Delhi air port. Her daughter's son and grandchildren accompanied the late begum's to Iraq, said Shoaib Ali Khan, manager of Rampur Estate. \"Begum Sahiba was finally and formally buried the same day,\" he added. Khan trashed reports that her descendents now wish to dispose the property. But then \"life has gone out of the Kothi,\" he sighed, \"it will never be the same again.\"On October 3, 1993 an emaciated Begum signed her will from the deathbed putting in black and while a desire to be buried at 'Karbala-e-Moalla'. The Rampur royals are said to own land in \"Najaf e Ashraf\" as according to Shia belief a burial in the holy land guarantees a sure passage to 'jannat'. The family which claimed descent from Afghan Rohillas had followed this practice in the past, so it was believed that the formalities would take at most a fortnight. Days stretched to months and then to years. The requisite permission from Iraq embassy took agonizingly long. Meanwhile preserved in herbs and sandalwood oil Begum Zamani awaited a passage to her final destination.Known for its well-organized dinner parties, indoor swimming pool and a theater, Kothi Rampur Khas, has a distinct air of genteel decay about it . Sprawled over 500 acres of land, mostly mango orchard, it has practically no full time occupants. Descendents of the nawab have shifted base while son Murad Ali has settled in Goa and daughter Nikhat Abidi moved to Delhi after an unsuccessful marriage in Pakistan .Apart from old retainers, no one is allowed to enter the place and none had the access to the room where begum rested, local sources confided. The teak coffin was tied to an iron chain and suspended from the ceiling, one of them claimed.After the room was barred and boarded, begum's nephew Nawab Kazim khan, former BSP MLA and now Congress candidate from Suar, had publicly slammed his cousins for showing disrespect to the body of their dead mother and delaying the burial. But he was present at the majlis held before the final send-off on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12091268", "title": "Have open mind on EVMs, HC tells election commission", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Don't keep a closed mind,\" the Bombay High Court admonished the State Election Commission (SEC) on Tuesday while hearing a petition alleging that electronic voting machines (EVM) can be tampered with and votes can be transferred through Bluetooth and WiFi.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode were hearing a petition filed by defeated Congress candidates from Pune-Sangeeta Tiwari, Trupti Desai and Kiran Bartakke. They said they had accepted their defeat and wanted to ensure that EVMs are foolproof.Their counsel Shirish Gupte and advocate Tejesh Dande said their clients were approached by a person from Bangalore with an actual EVM who demonstrated how it could be tampered with to get the desired results. SEC's advocate Sachin Shetye opposed the petition on the grounds that it challenges the election results.The judges said it was the duty of the EC to investigate such allegations. \"We are not asking the police to find out. You are an independent body. Is it not your duty to find out?\" asked Justice Kanade. Unlike in Mumbai, Pune has adopted the 'Prabhag Model' where a cluster of wards are clubbed together, and a citizen has to cast two votes. While the votes have to be equally cast for both candidates, the petitioners said they have data to prove that the votes are uneven.Justice Kanade told the SEC: \"You are not a technical expert. Best of machines, best of computers and best of defence equipment can also be tampered... it occurs even in the US and other countries.\" The HC directed the SEC to investigate the possibility that EVMs can be tampered with and if so, to take remedial measures. It asked the SEC to file an affidavit after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12091219", "title": "Tribals on daylong dharna in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Demanding a solution to the 'Teen Simani Padha' traditional tribal administrative body of three villages-Hesal, Jario and Kujji under sadar block in Lohardaga staged a daylong fast-cum-dharna near the Shankh river on Wednesday.Traditional tribal leaders like Mahto, Pahan Pujar tried to draw the governor's attention towards issues, including CNT and SPT Act in the state. Tribal leader Tej Bahadur Bhagat presided over the dharna participated by a large number of tribal men and women , including former minister Sadhanu Bhagat.The former minister said 'Teen Simani Padha' wants an appropriate solution of the problems on CNT and SPT Acts through governor. \"We have put a detailed report with vital suggestions on the issue and requested the governor to ensure no amendment or additional clauses to CNT Act which would act against tribal's welfare, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12090329", "title": "HC refuses to stay e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: Who will benefit from the tampering of meters, the Bombay High Court asked on Wednesday, declining to stay implementation of a notification making it compulsory for autos to have e-meters.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing petitions filed by the Mumbai Autorick- shawmen's Union and a manufacturer of mechanical meters challenging the February 17 order. E-meters are to be installed in new autorickshaws from March 1 and for existing ones from April in Mumbai.The court was informed that there are nearly two lakh autorickshaws in Mumbai.Union counsel Anil Sakhare argued that the notification was based on a February 1, 2011 report of a committee and a subsequent November 24, 2011 report of a technical committee. He said no procedure was followed, no proper study was conducted and there was no infrastructure in Maharashtra. He alleged that autorickshaw unions were not allowed to participate too. \"There is non-application of mind in introducing e-meters in the absence of safeguards, including easy availability of meters, whether they are tamper-proof and who will repair them. These concerns are not addressed,'' said Sakhare. He said the claim that e-meters are tamper-proof was factually incorrect. But the judges bowled Sakhare a googly. \"Who will benefit from the tampering? Who can come and tamper with your meters?\" asked Justice Sinha. The judges told the state to file a reply within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "12090479", "title": "Quepem: Will the Velip fight help Kavlekar?", "text": "QUEPEM: It's a triangular contest in Quepem constituency, where two-time MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar is locked in a fierce battle against two who share the same first and last names-Prakash Shankar Velip, contesting as an independent, and Prakash Arjun Velip, fielded by the MGP. While P S Velip is contesting the assembly elections for the seventh time, P A Velip is a greenhorn making his debut in the assembly polls.P S Velip, who has contested the last assembly elections as a BJP candidate, chose to file his nomination as an independent, as, following the seat-sharing arrangements between the BJP-MGP, the Quepem seat went to the MGP.A deeply hurt P S Velip rebelled. He is, however, quite confident of putting up a good performance. Asked if his rebellion will harm his prospects considering that BJP votes would not be with him this time, P S Velip said he enjoys \"popular\" support. \"With experience on my side, and the sympathy and support that I enjoy from all communities, I am confident of winning. By denying me the ticket, BJP has inflicted injustice on Quepem constituency. I am now contesting as a people's candidate,\" P S Velip said.In the last assembly elections, the Congress had gained lead in Morpirla, Nakeri-Betul, Ambaulim, Fatorpa and Molkornem areas, while the BJP had led in Barcem, Balli and Cavrem-Pirla areas. Following the delimitation exercise, Cavrem-Pirla and Molkornem have gone into neighbouring Sanguem constituency while Ambaulim and Balli have gone into Cuncolim.Sources say Kavlekar has consolidated his support base in all six panchayat areas of the constituencies, besides the municipal area. What further boosts his prospects is the entry of former chairperson of Quepem municipal council Raul Pereira into his camp. Pereira had contested against Kavlekar in the last elections on a Save Goa Front ticket and had polled around 2,500 votes by digging into the Congress vote bank.P A Velip, who was the personal assistant of chief minister Digambar Kamat, till a few days before he entered the fray, also enjoys a strong support base in Barcem and Fatorpa areas, besides the Cola panchayat area which has been added to Quepem constituency. He is a former ZP member from Fatorpa and was once also elected to the Morpirla panchayat.Significantly, both the Velips represent the scheduled tribes community, and were in the front of the May 2011 agitation launched by the United Tribals' Associations Alliance of which P S Velip is the president. ST voters constitute nearly 27% of the total electorate in the constituency and these votes are likely to be split between the two Velips as well as Kavlekar, who also commands considerable support from the community.As the senior Velip is looked upon as a \"community leader\" by the tribals, and has also contributed to the cooperative movement in the state, he is a force to reckon with. A sizeable section of the BJP workers, particularly the BJP's ST morcha, have stayed loyal to P S Velip, a fact admitted by the rebel BJP leader.Poll watchers are of the view that what will prove decisive in this election is the performance of UGDP candidate Manuel Colaco. Colaco, the current chairperson of Quepem municipality, has been quite active in politics at the civic body level for the last nearly 27 years. As he enjoys considerable support in the municipal areas of the constituency, he is likely to dig into the Congress votes. If he succeeds in doing that to a considerable extent, Kavlekar will be in a tight spot.Political analysts are of the opinion that though Kavlekar seems to be having an edge over the rest at the moment, the outcome will depend on how the multiple factors play out on polling day.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12092461", "title": "Police seek help of peace committees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With Holi just a week away, the police department on Wednesday asked the peace committees to help them check hooliganism during the festival. The members of peace committees were asked to keep an eye on trouble makers.There are over 900 members of peace committee across the district and they have been asked to compile and share information with the thana officials.DIG Prakash D said peace committees have been activated under all 39 police stations and thana cops directed to stay in touch with the members and take corrective measures.Peace committees volunteers have also been asked to motivate people with a clean image to come forward and assist the police in ensuring incident-free festival.There are plans to engage them in improving policing in areas like Lalapur, Kaudhiyara, Bara, Khiri, Shankargarh, Koraon, Manda, Meja, Phulpur, Ghoorpur, Karchana, Holagarh, Nawabganj, Mauaima, Soraon, Bahria, Utrav, Saraimamrez, and Handia.\"The volunteers could play a vital role as they have information about the areas, locals as well as disturbing elements,\" said inspector Handia police station Chandra Dhar Gaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-01"}
