{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379351", "title": "Davy case: CBI's fresh effort for extradition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has sent one of its officers to Copenhagen to convince Danish legal authorities to contest in the Supreme Court the ruling of Danish high court rejecting the extradition of Purulia arms drop case accused Kim Davy.The CBI's attempts to bring Davy back to face trial in the 17-year-old arms drop case met a severe blow last year after the high court in Copenhagen rejected the extradition case citing poor prison conditions in India.The Danish authorities which were contesting the case had decided against filing appeal in the Supreme Court, CBI sources said. After negotiations at top levels, CBI has sent a DIG level officer to Copenhagen to convince the Danish authorities that all available legal options must be exploited, they said.The sources said the purpose of the visit was to convince the Danish authorities that an appeal should be filed in the Supreme Court there. The agency was initially contemplating to allow the trial through video-conferencing, but it did not take any final decision on that option, they said.The sources refused to confirm whether any such subject would arise during deliberations with Danish authorities. Denmark had accepted India's request for extraditing Davy, but it was challenged by the Purulia arms drop accused in the city court in Copenhagen. The Danish court had rejected the plea of the Danish government which was also upheld by the high court there.The high court rejected Davy's extradition, citing poor prison conditions including overcrowding, torture and human rights record of India. The CBI in consultation with the home ministry has even tried to pursue the matter through diplomatic channels after which it was decided that an officer could be sent to Copenhagen to negotiate with the Danish legal authorities, the sources said.The case relates to the incident on the night of December 17, 1995 when an AN-26 aircraft dropped arms and ammunition in West Bengal's Purulia district. The consignment had hundreds of AK-47 rifles, pistols, anti-tank grenades, rocket launchers and thousands of rounds of ammunition. The crew of the aircraft consisted of five Latvian citizens and British citizen Peter Bleach, who were all arrested.Davy, a Danish citizen and the prime accused in the case, had managed to escape. The crew was released from prison in Kolkata in 2000 after requests from the Russian authorities, while Peter Bleach was given a presidential pardon in 2004 following requests by the UK government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380185", "title": "Star parties under the sky", "text": "BANGALORE: Under the clear night sky, a group of young astro enthusiasts are living it up, all night. They call themselves the Sheratan Astronomy Club, and their most recent night out was to ring in the Venus transit at Nikaya Observatory.\"At this grand star party, we got to observe the night sky prior to the transit.We usually have parties when there are clear night skies, to learn about the twinkle of the stars and the life of planets,\" says Akash Dalmia,who has been fascinated by the night sky since class 7.Akash is among the increasing tribe of astro enthusiasts who are part of Sheratan, started by a fellow student and enthusiast Akshay Kumar , at Jain College on July 6, 2010. Akshay started the club under the aegis of their chairman Chenraj Jain when he was in I PU. But the star bug had bitten him much earlier, for through his growing up years, he had visited the planetarium on Sundays along with his father who was a member of the Association of Bangalore Amateur Astronomers.\"I grew curious about astronomy over time and my father who is a 'do it yourself' enthusiast built a four-inch refractor telescope through which I saw the Moon's surface, its craters and mountains.While in class 9, I took this telescope to my terrace and watched the sky all night. Thereafter, I became an active member of the Association of Bangalore Amateur Astronomers and Bangalore Astronomical Society and started interacting with professional astronomers who guided me. I completed class 10 as an 'astroboy' and walked into Jain College, with the Sheratan dream. Lo and behold, Chenraj Sir gave me funds to procure a telescope for the college and the astro club was born,\" recounts Akshay.Today, Sheratan has 700 student members from various Jain institutions and other educational institutions as well.\"We involve the public through activities at malls and star parties,\" explains Akshay.\"Reputed astro scientists like Sriraghavan, president, Education and Collaboration, come to lecture us. Some of them also come to our star parties to point out the wonders of the night sky,\" says Vibha Mohan, another core member of Sheratan.These sessions help bridge the gap between the scientific world and the lay person. \"In India, although a lot of people are interested in astronomy, they don't go to planetariums. Our star parties, contests and lecture sessions have brought several enthusiasts closer to the sky,\" says Aniruddha V.\"I want to make astronomy accessible to everyone, especially those who are not formally attached to educational institutions. We've been able to reach out to many such people,\" says Sheratan member Arun Bharadwaj.Sheratan is bursting with enthusiasts and the numbers are growing. \"We hope to have a selffunding system with an annual membership fee of Rs 120 to support our activities. Our club will soon become a public entity and a not-for-profit initiative,\" says Akshay.All this is for the love astronomy, as Aishwarya Girish says: \"Astronomy is a mystery, the more you learn about it the deeper the mystery gets. These past two years,we have had many star parties and the experiences have been amazing. I used to like astronomy earlier, now I love it!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380065", "title": "The grey areas in BJP leader S Suresh Kumar's defence", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP leader S Suresh Kumar's defence against charges of irregularities in him having acquired a G category site from BDA has some loose ends. He resigned as law minister on Saturday over the allegations.THE HOUSE He has said that he sought a G category site because his ancestral house in Gayatrinagar had been notified for road widening by BBMP. But the Palike had only notified the house and hadn't taken physical possession. While staying at the official bungalow provided to him as minister, Suresh Kumar continued to meet his constituents from his Gayatrinagar ancestral house.SUBSIDY His statement that neither his family members nor he had procured any site at a subsidized rate has led to a debate. The sites were allotted to his mother and daughter at Madanayakanahalli by Sathyanarayana Housing Co-operative Society. \"The objective of forming a housing society is to provide sites and houses at subsidized rates. Otherwise, why should one form a society?'' asks S Bhaskaran, the whistleblower,whose RTI campaign resulted in allegations against Suresh Kumar coming into the open.NO MENTION OF HOUSE The minister claims he hasn't lied to the BDA in his affidavit. But while registering the site at Nagarbhavi on January 23, 2010, he does not mention about the house his family owned at Ramamanohar Layout in Gayatrinagar. The minister says there was no need as the house had been notified.Later, after the Nagarbhavi site was denotified, he sought an alternative site. He was allotted a site at RMV Extension. While registering the site on January 23, 2011, he did not mention about the house in his mother's name and the two sites in his mother and daughter's name in Bangalore North taluk. \"At least while taking this site, he should have rejected the site by saying that he owned a house and proved his honesty. Why didn't he do it,'' asks Bhaskaran.Explained a BDA official: \"Technically, when Suresh Kumar sought a site, the house at Gayatrinagar was notified and his family members hadn't purchased the sites at Madanayakanahalli near Nelamangala. He was allotted a site at Nagarbhavi, but it was denotified later. He did not apply afresh, but sought an alternative site as a compensation for losing the allotted site.We normally don't ask for a fresh affidavit. By the time he got the alternative site at RMV Extension, his house was restored. Here, technically, he may argue that the entire process was based on the proceedings initiated in 2009 and hence hasn't committed any wrong. But, the counter-argument could be that he concealed the information.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381428", "title": "Corp fails to make clean-up plan for canals", "text": "KOCHI: The corporation may have declared the trial run to depollute Market Canal using enzyme technology a success. But it is yet to come up with a detailed project to utilize the technology to clean city canals. Though mayor Tony Chammany had said that corporation would announce a comprehensive plan if the tests were positive, no action has been initiated. Residents' associations, that had hopes of getting canals cleaned, criticised the corporation's lackadaisical approach.The Residents Association Apex Council, Ernakulam (RAACE), stated that the civic body lacked seriousness and dedication. \"The officials fail to come up with follow-up activities, and welfare projects are dropped midway,\" said S Balakrishnan, president, RAACE. They also said in spite of the assurance provided by merchants' unions, trade organisations and NGOs in co-operating with various city cleaning initiatives, the corporation has not drafted a comprehensive plan. Initially, it was decided that the plan would include fencing canals, constructing side walls, and prohibiting dumping of garbage. Steps would be taken to remove plastic and other inorganic substances.\"Though they announced to put up mesh fencing on the banks of Thevara-Perandoor Canal, which was dredged and cleared by KMRL, the corporation has not drawn up projects for other canals,\" said S Rangadasa Prabhu, president, Ernakulam District Resident Association Apex Council. The trail run to clean Market Canal was carried out with the financial help of CII and a UK-based firm, which provided the technology. The CII had assured continued assistance if the local body was successful trial run was a success. Nawaz Meeran, CII-Kerala's former chairman, said, \"Such projects require huge investment, and the business community will support, if it can sustain the momentum and take the work forward to the next level.\"Meanwhile, the corporation informed that the UK-based firm Caringfornature.com has been asked to submit an estimate for cleaning all major canals. \"It will be submitted before the government for approval. Without government participation, the corporation won't be able to take up the massive clean-up project,\" said T K Asharaf, chairman, health standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380529", "title": "Parkash Singh Badal\u2019s Rs 100 crore plan for exclusive air fleet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, whose chopper-hopping across the state had forced the government to use the services of as many as three hired helicopter companies last year \u2014 costing the state exchequer almost Rs 15 crore annually \u2014 have now drawn up a plan for an exclusive air fleet for their cabinet worth Rs 100 crore.The fleet will have two twin-engine 8-seater/6-seater helicopters and a fixed-wing aircraft. A state civil aviation official said a presentation by representatives from helicopter companies, including the US-based Bell, French-German conglomerate Eurocopter and Italian group Agusta Westland was made before Sukhbir Badal in March and April.\"The plan to have a state chopper and aircraft has been in the pipeline for long. The companies came and made bids. It has nothing to do with the historic triumph in the Assembly polls,\" said civil aviation secretary Vishwajeet Khanna. He, however refused to comment on the sum being doled out at a time when the state's finances were in a bad shape. This includes a fiscal deficit of Rs 8,923 crore and revenue deficit of Rs 3,123 crore .\"The cost of hiring the choppers and aircraft washigh. We already have a huge debt to settle with the companies,\" said a state civil aviation official on condition of anonymity. \"It's a one time cost but with the deputy CM's liking for Italian Agusta Westland brand, the purchase may go beyond Rs 150 crore,\" he added.This comes at a time when finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa, in last week's Budget, brandished the state's austerity measures, including a ban on buying new vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380253", "title": "AP Drug Control Administration tip-off leads to drug firm raid in Karnataka", "text": "HYDERABAD: Acting on a tip off given by the AP Drug Control Administration (APDCA), Karnataka government officials on Saturday raided a unit in Nehrugunj in the state's Gulburga district where they recovered material worth Rs 50 lakh used in the assembly and sterilization of IVSET (Intravenous Infusion Set). RP Thakur, the director general of drugs and copyrights, said in a news release said that an entity called Sangam Health Care Ltd was behind this illegal activity.Earlier this year, the firm, which was conducting its operations from Medchal, was forced to cease production by APDCA for allegedly being involved in the illegal manufacture of IVSET. But the firm allegedly shifted its operations to Nehrugunj and started producing IVSET without first obtaining permission from Karnataka government.tnn But when APDCA came to know of this it alerted the Drug Control Authority in Karnataka, who in turn raided and seized the material worth Rs 50 to Rs 60 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378887", "title": "Business booms as customers flock to mela", "text": "RANCHI: God helps those who help themselves - this age-old saying is manifested in the way idols of lord Jagannath, Balbhadra and Subhadra are carved out of a wooden log. Unlike other Hindu deities that are depicted in complete human form, Jagannath is devoid of limbs, which experts believe conveys a message that God cannot work for a devotee but instead He helps him with their Karma. This concept comes alive during the nine-day Rath Yatra which traditionally begins on the second day of Asharha shukla of the lunar calendar.The mela that accompanies the Yatra also boosts business with traders from across the region converging to sell their wares. From fishing equipment to farming tools and from carpentry kit to masonry wares, everything for everybody is available at the mela. The fair, which has a history of more than 300 years in Ranchi, began in 1691 when the temple was constructed in the city. One a humble affair, the mela has now assumed a huge form and several thousand visitors turn up all through the nine days of the festival.Rafiur Mallah, a fisherman, has been coming to this mela from Kolkata for eight years. Before that his father and grandfather made these visits. \"Though demand for fishing net has not increased as per our expectations, we have managed to sell around 50 nets a day when the weather has played good,\" he said.Even Deoghar's Santu Acharya was quite pleased with this season's business. He erected three makeshift stalls at the venue to sell farm equipment. An expert blacksmith, he along with family members work hard before the rainy season to bring a truckload of tools - include axes, spades, pointed end of ploughs etc - to the fair. The main attractions of his stall are the tools used by professional cooks - handworked sieves and huge iron kadhais are some of the things that are available at a cheap price only during the mela.\"Though these tools are sold round the year at our shop at Mansingi in Deoghar, this mela serves as a profitable platform. Thousands of customers visit to but these wares in bulk,\" Acharya said. He said that the sale during the nine-day mela equals, and sometimes even exceeds, the business they do the rest of the year.Meanwhile, Budhan Mahato of Boreya village came to the mela with his family with several objectives in mind. While he wanted his wife to purchase some household stuff and kids to enjoy the rides, he purchased farming tools to use back home. \"I was waiting for this mela because of the high quality of tools we get here,\" he said. Mahato claimed that tools available in the market are not durable. \"These sellers are professional blacksmiths and know the art of making tools. Equipment manufactured in factories just cannot compete with these in terms of quality,\" he said.Tribals also turn up at the fair to purchase traditional weapons from artisans who bring javelins, swords, mutton choppers and Khukris. \"Knives and axes are also in demand and with time we have learnt to decorate them so that even non-tribals are attracted to buy them as a showpiece to be hung on walls,\" said Debu Lohra of Kutmu village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379930", "title": "CBI probe likely into death of tigers in Panna reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: After receiving complaints of lackadaisical approach in the probe of tiger deaths, Madhya Pradesh government is likely to order a CBI enquiry to investigate the alleged disappearance and poaching of tigers from Panna Tiger Reserve.Officials said Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has sought a detailed reply from the forest department after complaints that a foreign syndicate and an organised gang were involved in the poaching of tigers.\"The Chief Minister's Office has received a complaint (seeking CBI probe) and asked the forest department to reply,\" said Manoj Shrivastava, principal secretary to the chief minister.Earlier this month, the Madhya Pradesh government had declined to order a CBI probe and instead formed a committee to investigate the tiger deaths.Information received in response to an RTI query, the then additional chief secretary of Madhya Pradesh M K Roy had recommended a CBI probe to look into poaching and disappearance of tigers from the sanctuary.\"There have been many cases of poaching and disappearance of tigers in the last 5-10 years from PTR.\"The state government wants the CBI to probe the conspiracy angle into the disappearance of tigers from the reserve and involvement of international smugglers in it. All such cases where challans have not been submitted should also be incorporated in it (probe),\" Roy, who is now the Chairman of Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education, had said in his letter written in January last year.After a year of inter-departmental deliberations, the home department had constituted a committee apparently rejecting the recommendations for a CBI probe made by the former top officer of the forest department.\"We have asked the Chief Minister to look into the matter. We are hopeful that a CBI enquiry will be ordered to probe tiger deaths,\" said wildlife activist Ajay Dubey, who has accessed Roy's letter through RTI.As per the norms, the decision to constitute a CBI enquiry is taken by the Department of Personnel and Training, a Central nodal agency in Delhi, on the recommendation of a state Home Department.A report by the Madhya Pradesh government says there was no tiger in Panna Reserve in the 2009 census carried out by the authorities there. There were about 20 tigers in 2006, the report adds.About 19 cases of tiger poaching were reported by authorities in the reserve over the last seven or eight years, the report had found. Currently, there are four tigers in the reserve which have been brought from other reserves.Dubey claimed that there are instances of poaching and trafficking of tigers to various national and international destinations by well-established syndicates which need to be exposed and punished.According to an RTI reply by the National Tiger Conservation Authority, as many as 337 tigers died in and outside various reserves of the country in the last decade due to poaching, infighting, accidents and old age among others.Tiger population in the country was estimated to be 1,706 as per the 2010 data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379973", "title": "Rs 9.5 lakh, CCTV, recorder stolen from ATM", "text": "INDORE: Two miscreants allegedly targeted an ATM of a private bank at Malganj crossing and escaped with Rs 10 lakh and other valuable goods from the ATM centre. The incident took place at around 05.27 am.According to police, Rs 9.5 lakh has been looted from the ATM not by breaking it but by using the password. They have also robbed away the recorder and camera installed in the ATM. Police has arrested two persons in this regard under the suspicion that there were only two under contract employees of the private firm who had access to upload money in the machine. Having doubt on the duo, Devendra and Uda, police have taken them in custody for interrogation.The incident came to fore only when the ATM suddenly stopped working, the technical staff came to check the glitches and found that the cash as well as CPU of the ATM was missing. This ATM was launched in the area three months ago.Suspicion over the role of an expert increased as police were informed only after seven hours of the incident. Police has not found any finger print or other evidences that could be helpful in tracking the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380666", "title": "Youth mimics Stalin relative, cons VIPs", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old part-time mimic cheated several VIPs, including a former DMK minister and a sitting MP, of both money and favours by pretending to be former deputy chief minister M K Stalin's daughter-in-law Kiruthiga Udhayanidhi.Police arrested the conman, R Dinesh, of Srirangam in Trichy, from a lodge in Triplicane on Sunday, and also took into custody his accomplice M Mani, 30. Dinesh told the police that he started to use his skills to rip off people after a DMK women's wing functionary from Trichy complimented him on his ability to mimic Kiruthiga Udhayanidhi, wife of Stalin's son Udhayanidhi.\"Dinesh made phone calls to various people including politicians and pretended to be Kiruthiga,\" an investigating officer said. \"He would demand money and later collect the cash himself, posing as Kiruthiga's brother, Inbanidhi.\" The officer said Inbanidhi is Kiruthiga's son. She does not have a brother of the same name.Dinesh, a tenth standard dropout, was arrested on a complaint from an aspiring director Kumaresan alias Maurims, of Veerapandipatnam in Tirunelveli district. Kumaresan, in a complaint to the Triplicane police, said he had been cheated of Rs 50,000 by a man named Inbanidhi, who claimed to be Kiruthiga's brother. Dinesh promised to make him the director of a movie to be produced by Red Giant Movies, the production house owned by Udhayanidhi Stalin.\"Kumaresan realized that he had been cheated when a friend informed him about an advertisement in several newspapers warning that a conman was cheating people by mimicking Kiruthiga,\" the officer said. The advertisement had been put in the newspapers by R Ramanlal, Kiruthiga's lawyer.Police traced Dinesh to the lodge after he made a call to Kumaresan and promised to return the money he had taken from him.Dinesh told the police that he had been introduced to Kumaresan by the would-be director's brother Robert, a car driver. Dinesh befriended Robert when he used his cab to commute from Tuticorin to Tiruchendur. The cab was arranged by former DMK minister Geetha Jeevan, who believed that Dinesh was Kiruthiga's brother. He called up the former minister and, pretending to be Kiruthiga, asked her to arrange for car.Kennedy, who also believed that Dinesh was related to Stalin's daughter-in-law, asked him to help his brother Kumaresan.Dinesh later pulled the same trick on Kanyakumari MP Helen Davidson, who also arranged for a car for him. \"He even took photographs of himself with former chief minister M Karunanidhi and had the phone numbers of most VIPs in the state,\" Kiruthiga's lawyer R Ramanlal told TOI.The investigating officer said Dinesh had cheated people in Nammakkal, Coimbatore, Salem and Madurai. The Triplicane police have booked him under sections 419 (impersonation) and 420 (cheating) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380316", "title": "Falaknuma shooting case: 6 held for attack on realtor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Sunday arrested six persons in connection with the incident in which 25-year-old realtor Mohd Mansoor was shot at in Falaknuma at Bibi Ka Chasma by two bike borne assailants on June 21.Mansoor, who took a critical injury to the head, is till undergoing treatment at Nims. After a detailed investigation, Falaknuma police on Sunday arrested Mansoor's cousin Habeeb Ismail Sankari, his mother Abeda Begum of Chandulal Baradiri, their family friend Mohd Afroz of Gazibanda and his associates Mohd Aleem of Fathima Nagar, Mohd Naseeruddin of Misrigunj and Mohd Akbar of Kishanbagh for their role in the case.According to city police commissioner Anurag Sharma, Mansoor was the prime-accused in the 2011 murder at Shalibanda of Ismail's brother Abu Bakar. There has been a long-standing dispute between the families of Mansoor and Ismail over the ownership of a 1,900 square yard plot at Qazi Pura.The murder of Abu Bakar by Mansoor and his associates is a result of that dispute and the latest attack on Mansoor was an attempt of revenge by Abu Bakar's family, commissioner said.Following Abu Bakar's murder, Ismail and close friend Mohd Aleem hatched a plan to eliminate Mansoor for which they sought the help of their common friend, Afroz, who was asked to procure the firearms. Ismail gave Afroz Rs 18,000 with which to get the arms and ammunition.Afroz then approached his friend Mohammed, an auto driver of Jirra and they procured two country-made firearms and live 8mm rounds from a contact in Uttar Pradesh's Pratap Garh.Having got hold of firearms, Ismail requested Naseeruddin to keep a tab on Mansoor's movements. After observing his routine for a couple of days, the accused decided to execute the plan on June 21.As per the plan, Naseeruddin kept Ismail updated about the Mansoor's movement who in turn relayed the information to Afroz and Aleem, who were tailing Mansoor on a bike. And, when Mansoor's bike was caught in the traffic at Bibi Ka Chasma, Afroz opened fire on him, the commissioner said.Since the beginning of the probe, police got concrete leads about the involvement of the accused and they were all nabbed from various places in the city on Sunday.Police seized two fire arms, five live rounds, one dagger, two bikes and six cellphones from the possession of the accused and they will be produced in court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379492", "title": "Green corridor to be launched in a week", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police are conducting a test drive ahead of implementing green corridor project on Avinashi Road in the city. According to police, once the project is implemented, vehicles can cross the stretch from Avinashi Road rail over bridge to SITRA with in 18 minutes. During power cut, traffic cops will be deployed to man the traffic, the police said.\"The vehicles can cross the stretch within 18 minutes once the plan is implemented. The motorists should stop their vehicles at Lakshmi Mills signal only for 15 seconds. The project will be implemented in a week,\" said deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic), T Senthilkumar.The speed limit has been fixed as 45 km per hour on the stretch. \"We have already completed test drive twice and reached airport in 15 minutes from the Avinashi Road rail over bridge. The test drive trial is on. We will announce the date for launching soon,\" he added.According to city police more than 13 signals are there on the stretch. Two signals are powered by solar energy. Remaining 11 signals are operated by electricity power. \"Traffic cops will be deployed in the 13 signals on the stretch. The cops will regulate the traffic during power cut. Normal traffic system will be followed during the power cut,\" said Senthilkumar.The city police are planning to convert 11 signals also to solar powered ones. \"We requested our sponsors to convert the normal signals to solar signals. Once it is done the green corridor will be functioned round the clock,\" said Senthilkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384446", "title": "New Malayalam film 'Radio'", "text": "S.C. Pillai produces the film 'Radio' under the banner of Vijay. Umar Mohamed is the director of the film.Nishan, Inniya and Sauya are doing the central characters of the film. Thalai Vasal Vijay,Suraj Venjaramodu, Asokan, Irshad, Harisree Asokan, Maniyan Pilla raju, Kalpana, Thesni Khan, Kalaranjini and Sobha Mohan are the other stars of the movie. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "14382235", "title": "T-shirt about NRI woman's murder sparks outrage in South Africa", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Selling of T-shirts carrying objectionable slogan referring to the gruesome murder of an Indian-origin lady have sparked a fresh controversy here, attracting criticism from different sections of the society, including that from the victim's family.The apparel with the message \"Dewani Tours - treat your wife to a killer holiday\" apparently refers to the killing of Indian-origin honeymoon bride Anni Dewani in Gugulethu township of Cape Town in 2010, for which her British husband Shrien Dewani is facing extradition plans to stand trial after being implicated in the murder.The message uses a popular English font type resembling Hindi script, reminding readers of Anni Dewani's Indian origins.\"This is a blatant disregard and disrespectful way of showing no remorse over a killing that shocked not just South Africa but the world,\" said Gugulethu resident Vusi Ndoda, noting the incident has severely impacted on tourism in the area.He said he will talk to the Indian-origin businessman Dinesh Dowlath, who is the man behind the idea, to withdraw the clothing, failing which he would campaign for boycotting his stores and organise protests at his businesses.Dowlath, on the other hand, has rejected suggestions that he was making light of the horrific murder, pointing out that T-shirts with often controversial and ambiguous statements had been the speciality of his stores.Although agreeing to the sensitivity of the matter, Dowlath told the weekly Sunday Times Extra that there was a market for such clothings as people see the humour in them.\"These T-shirts are for a discerning intelligent market,\" Dowlath said, adding that although he created most of the slogans on his T-shirts, this one was suggested by a customer.Meanwhile the victim's family has decried the situation , calling on Dowlath to \"let decency prevail.\"\"As a family, we haven't even started our grieving because the case is on hold and yet, there are those horrible people out there who see profit in this,\" Anni's uncle Ashok Dewani told the weekly from his Sweden home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14384909", "title": "Panjab University includes road safety as compulsory subject", "text": "LUDHIANA: After the continuous follow up and persuasion for the need of having road safety as a compulsory subject, Punjab State Road Safety Council finally got this included in the Panjab University curriculum from this session as 'Environment Education and Road Safety'.As the subject will merge with one of the another compulsory qualifying subjects, 'environment education' that is to be changed to 'Environment Education and Road safety', the modalities for the course work have also been finalized said Dr Kamaljeet Soi , vice chairman, Punjab State Road Safety Council Government of Punjab.\"Several meetings took place and letters were written to university authorities pertaining to importance of awareness on road safety among the students,\" informed Dr Soi. He further said the paper would be of 70 marks, environment education for 50 marks and remaining 20 for road safety and question paper for road safety will comprise of 20 multiple choice questions on ten topics that would be mandatory for the college students to attend ten lectures in a college on the subject.\"This will be implemented in all the affiliated colleges of Panjab University which are more than 160 in the region. The inclusion of road safety will not only instill skill set among the students but will also make them aware of the road safety rules,\" said Dr Kamajit Soi. He hoped that all the universities would soon follow and include this important socio-economic aspect in their syllabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379143", "title": "25K doctors from Gujarat to join India bandh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On June 25, 25,000-odd doctors from the state will join their peers across India to protest against the National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011. Indian Medical Association (IMA) officials, however, said that essential services will not be disrupted, and in government hospitals doctors will work with a black ribbon on their arms.According to IMA's Gujarat chapter, more than 5,000 private hospitals, nursing homes and clinics will remain closed on Monday. Dr Bipin Patel, secretary of the Gujarat chapter, told TOI that doctors will stage a protest to put forth their demands at district levels.\"We do not want to make patients in dire need suffer and have asked doctors with government hospitals to continue with their duties with a black ribbon on their arms as mark of protest,\" he said.Mehul Shah, president of Ahmedabad Medical Association (AMA), said that indoor patients who are already in hospitals will get monitoring and emergency care, but OPDs will not run and planned surgeries will not be conducted. \"We are providing helpline numbers for patients who can contact our doctors for guidance,\" he said.Striking doctors will hold a dharna from 10 am to 2 pm at Natraj Cinema. A candlelight march is planned at 7 pm at Pushpkunj in Kankaria, Vastrapur Lake, and Rambaug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14380577", "title": "Mahi\u2019s family can drag landlord, Haryana to court", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, on Sunday evening, condoned the death of Mahi and said that her family would be adequately compensated. He has not mentioned the amount yet.Meanwhile, the death of 4-year-old Mahi points at the absence of legislation which can hold senior officials of the administration and local police guilty of non-adherence to court rulings.According to legal experts, the family can file a criminal complaint (FIR) for being a victim of negligence. The owner of the property as well as the independent contractor can be held responsible for negligence. \"Even the state can be made a party in this suit for compensation,\" explained Gaurave Bhargava, an advocate of the Supreme Court.\"Steps should be taken so that the aggrieved know whom to approach for a remedy in cases like these. There is also an urgent need for stringent guidelines by courts to hold senior officials in both the government as well as the police responsible in case of failure to adhere to court's orders,\" added Bhargava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380197", "title": "A blogging director\u2019s cracking idea", "text": "BANGALORE: This engineering college dropout was a dreamer. But what the 29-year-old has achieved today is beyond what he ever dreamt of. In February, a frustrated Pawan Kumar posted a blog on his struggle to find a producer for his movie, 'Lucia'. Today, Pawan has 110 investors, mostly NRIs, willing to co-produce his film!Pawan, a director with the Kannada film industry, can boast of co-producers from the UK, US, Finland, Australia and Norway . Where big-time movie producers struggle to get returns from their movies, Pawan got an overwhelming response from Kannada film lovers across the globe.That's the magic behind Pawan and his crowd-funding attempt. How was it done? There unravels the story of an engineering drop out who had big dreams and efforts made in the right channel.After completing the second year of his course from a Bangalore engineering college, Pawan realized his passion lies largely in films and theatre rather than studies. He quit college and turned to full time artistdirection. Thus began his journey into the world of cinema. After a seven-year innings, Pawan came up with his own film 'Lucia' but had no buyers.He is a dreamer. An Engineering drop out who thought his passion for theater and films were genuine and started and jumped into theatre.The script was different compared to stereotype love stories with item songs and action scenes. Hence, no Sandalwood producer was willing to fund his idea. That's when Pawan decided to blog his frustration. It was in February 2012, when frustrated Pawan blogged his experience of unable to find producers for his film, and that write was wide read and he got replies from like minded persons across the world.His web page saw 30,000 visitors in the same month.The first response was from Shilpa Madhusudan Vijay, an NRI from the UK who sponsored Rs 1.5 lakh for his movie. Shilpa was impressed with his debut direction in 'Lifeu Ishtene'. Today, Pawan has 110 investors for his film, most of them being NRIs, who have transferred money online.Pawan has got support from many strangers for his movie.Ashok R, vice-president of an IT company, has been branding the movie through IT firms. \"I am a hardcore fan of Kannada cinema, but like many I was worried about its declining quality. When I read his blog about 'Lucia', , I bought a ticket for Rs 1,000. LaterI thought I should contribute. By then, Pawan had collected Rs 50 lakh and I could not be part of the crowd funding. However, being a V-P of a company, I am good at branding, and thus, started branding for his movie. I have been to many IT firms to be a part of sponsorship and in branding,\" said Ashok.Apart from funding, Pawan got an overwhelming support from many Bangaloreans. Many netizens, after reading his Facebook updates on requirement of specific locations, offered Pawan their house and office space for shooting the movie.\"That's how I have been able to make a film with Rs 50 lakh. I have worked in many films before and have seen how money is squandered. We were working taking required breaks in between.We plan well before going to the location and are working with a 5D camera,\" explained Pawan.TALENT HUNT ON SETSThe movie's hero is theatreperson Satish, while artist Sruthi plays the actress. Poornachandra T, a techie from Mysore and musician by passion, read the blog and sent Pawan a tune for the title song. \"Poornachandra is my music producer. Through my website I have also met many talented people and Poornachandra is one such find,\" said Pawan.The movies is slated to be released before October 25. \"I have set the deadline so that I can release the movie before I turn 30,\" he said.MASTER OF ALL TRADESFor his film 'Lifeu Ishtene', only Pawan and hero Diganth flew to Dubai to shoot a song. This helped them stick to the budget. \"It worked out well. I did the camera work myself and after editing, it was perfect. All technological aspects of a film interest me,\" said Pawan.THANKING HIS STARSProject Lucia has brought me to the limelight, in fact, I'm being called a trend setter. I am lucky that I managed to 'remain small' even after my hit film 'Lifeu Ishtene'. I was small enough to ask for public support. And people were big-hearted enough to come forward and help me. This experience made me realize that remaining small is rewarding.-- Pawan Kumar, directorFiled by: Sunitha Rao RCleared by: sitaPics: mailed to sita, yamini", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14382141", "title": "Defending champion Djokovic exudes quiet confidence", "text": "LONDON: The Olympic City is flaunting its colours. From the immigration officers at Heathrow, who have the five-rings prominently embossed on their work tags, to the advertisers call of 'Move to the beat of London 2012', the Summer Games, beginning late July, is a quietly imposing companion.Everything from fresh-fruit smoothies to dry-fit clothing has an official to ring to it.A certain leafy London suburb, however, prefers to take it one at a time. Pubs that line the walkway to the sprawling All-England Club facility, also an Olympic venue, are calling clients to watch Euro 2012 or The Championships that's just round the corner. Restaurants are even backing their favourite players. A Japanese eatery has a huge hoarding that says: Go Caroline Go, even offering discounts on the food for every round the delicious Dane wins.Defending champion and World No.1 Novak Djokovic, who opens proceedings at SW19 against Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero on Monday, likes just where he is.The wafer-thin Serb, who is battling to hold off Rafael Nadal from the No.1 ranking, warned, \"Over the years I've been playing better on this surface. Obviously grasscourts are slower now than they were 15-20 years ago. It favours my style of play, especially in the second week, where on the main courts you don't see as much grass and the ball bounces higher. However, it is still the fastest surface we have in our sport. I try to be more aggressive, to get more to the net and play shorter points.\"Djokovic's likely semifinal opponent, Roger Federer, won't be over the moon with the scheduling which has him out on Court No.1, where he plays the second match on Monday against Spain's Albert Ramos.The Swiss superstar is keen to cut into the long-standing dialogue between Djokovic and Nadal, who have squared off in the last four Grand Slam finals.The 30-year-old six-time Wimbledon Champion said, \"I am dreaming of the title, there's no denying that. I think it's up to somebody to snap the run. I hope I can do that. They've done amazing the last years, not just the last year. It's up to me to take it to the next step. Once I am there, I can reach for the title. A seventh title here would be amazing. I think that would be tie me with Pete (Sampras).\"Nadal, lumped in the bottom half of the draw with local hope Andy Murray, opens against the 78th ranked Thomaz Bellucci, a Brazilian who the Spaniard has beaten in their two previous meetings. The muscled-Mallorcan, fresh from winning a historic seventh French Open title, is looking for a third Wimbledon crown to follow his 2008 and 2010 triumphs.He, however, refuses to encourage talk of a title so early in the day. \"Thinking about winning another title here in Wimbledon is arrogant and crazy,\" the 26-year-old said, \"That's something I cannot think about, no? I can just think about the practice of tomorrow, to keep preparing my game, to arrive to Tuesday with the right conditions, being competitive to try to win the first match, no?\"The defending champion in the women's draw, the long-legged Czech Petra Kvitova, seeded four, who hasn't had the best of seasons so far, will attempt to push through uncertain form when she takes on Uzbek Akgul Amanmuradova in the first round on Tuesday.In the same quarter of the draw as the unpredictable American Serena Williams and on the same half as the former World No.1 Victoria Azarenka, Kvitova will need to find her range quickly.Last year's runner-up the 25-yearold Russian Maria Sharapova is back at the venue that launched her in to stardom at 17-years of age, in vastly different circumstances this time. She's in possession of a career Grand Slam, having won the French Open in Paris weeks ago and has also claimed the World No.1 ranking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14380511", "title": "Madhya Pradesh minister not allowed on \u2018packed\u2019 Air India flight", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh minister of state for agriculture Brajendra Pratap Singh was not allowed to board the Delhi-bound Air India flight from Raja Bhoj airport on Saturday despite him carrying a proper ticket.Singh reached airport at about 8am for the flight scheduled to leave for Delhi at 9.10am. But, when he went to the check-in counter, the official on duty told him that he could not be accommodated as the plane was full, sources said on Sunday.However, Manohar Dubey, the deputy secretary, public services guarantee, who was also accompanying the minister and was standing in front of him in the queue, was allowed to board the plane, they said. Following this, Singh returned from the airport and later went to Delhi by a state government plane, sources said.The minister, along with Dubey, was on his way to Delhi enroute to US to collect an award being given by the United Nations for the work done by the Madhya Pradesh government under the Public Services Guarantee Act, sources said.Meanwhile, AI officials said the Airbus 320 has a capacity of 167 passengers and tickets are usually issued to five or seven more passengers anticipating cancellations. \"All airlines do this. That is why it is said that passengers should report to the counter well in advance,\" they said, adding the minister reached the check-in counter after the flight was full.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381733", "title": "National Institute of Open Schooling introduced vocational streams at senior secondary level", "text": "The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has introduced separate vocational streams at the senior secondary level (class XII) in the areas of home science and computer &amp; IT.\"The objective of the vocational stream is to meet the need for skilled and middle level manpower and to prepare students for self-reliance and gainful employment with employable skills in the areas of home science and computers &amp; IT. This will allow students to move ahead for higher skill studies either vertically or laterally in the specific streams,\" says KP Varshney, director, vocational education department , NIOS.The courses will be offered in the three areas \u2014 foundation courses, core subjects and elective subjects . \"Students will have the choice to select a minimum of five subjects and can opt for a maximum of seven subjects as per individual choice. It will also give a pathway for the learners for vertical mobility in further education,\" says Varshney.Every selected school would offer need-based modular courses in identified streams in such a manner that would provide desirable flexibility of choice to students. \"The adequate requirement in terms of tools, equipment and machinery for the development of soft and basic technical skills would be ensured by the schools,\" he says. Students will also be given practical training/ hands-on experience as per the prescribed infrastructural norms. \"NIOS has a system of providing personal contact programme for its students along with self-learning audio material, which has visual component and multimedia support,\" he adds.The learner has to complete at least 48 credits for obtaining the senior secondary (+2) vocational streams. The course is well blended with theory and practical, which has the ratio of 30:70 weighting respectively. Students who have completed their class X with a minimum age of 15 can apply for the +2 vocational stream. The last date for submission of applications is August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379276", "title": "Soon, eco-friendly toilets at Lonavla", "text": "PUNE: If things go as planned by the forest department, the Lion's Point, a scenic tourist spot between Bhushi Dam and Aamby Valley in Lonavla, will soon have a 10-seater movable toilet, set up on a trailer. These toilets will use a combination of bio-digester and phytorid technologies, which are green technologies, and convert organic waste into nutrient-rich treated water. The water thus treated will be safe enough to be let out, without harming the vegetation in the surrounding areas.Also on cards are movable toilets near the Karla caves and the Ekveera goddesstemple, if the pilot project at Lion's Point works out well, said an official from the forest department. Deputy conservator of forest Rajendra Kadam said, \"We are planning to install such mobile units in places with heavy tourist flow. Lion's Point is a spot which sees heavy visitor flow during the rainy season, hence the initiative.\"Ordinary toilets with septic tanks lead to water and groundwater pollution, hence movable toilets with treatment plants. Moreover, forest norms prohibit construction activities in forest areas due to which the forest department has opted for movable toilets. \"Visitors go to Lion's Point during the day and stay there till evening. They, therefore, need to be given toilet facilities, and this should not harm nature. The movable toilets will use a technology involving an anaerobic fermentation tank made of fibreglass reinforced plastic. This tank is airtight and holds the waste from toilets. Microbial action then disintegrates waste into small particles and eventually converts it into nutrient-rich water,\" said Kadam.Toilets with the bio-digester technology will also come up in Karla caves and the Ekveera Devi temple in Lonavla. \"There are some toilets in those caves, which are conventional ones with septic tanks. If the pilot in Lion's Point is successful, we will replace the septic tanks in these toilets with biodigesters as well as install newer green toilets,\" Kadam said.Shashikant N Manapure, director, Go Green Solutions, a green consulting company that has undertaken the work for the forest department, said, \"One movable toilet unit at the Lion's Point will have five toilets for men and five for women. They will use a combination of bio-digester and phytorid technologies, called the New Generation Unaerobic Digestion (NGAD)technology, to convert organic waste into nutrient-rich liquid fertiliser or water that is treated up to 95%. Sludge will first be treated in the bio-digester tank and further treated in the phytorid bed attached to it with a pipe.\"The phytorid bed has wetland plants and other filtering media. The plants will take up the oxygen from the air and leave it in the water from the bio-digester. They will also lift heavy metals and carbon-dioxide from this water, thus further treating it. This will also help keep foul smell, mosquitoes and bugs away. \"Any organisation that uses such treated water for gardening, horticultural or even recharging of groundwater, will be given green points and tax benefits by the civic body,\" he said.Go Green Solutions The consultancy company is a techno partner of Delhi-based Defence Research Development Organisation(DRDO), which has developed the Bio-digester Technology, a patented technology. The Phytorid technology has been developed by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) in Nagpur and patented internationally. It is based on use of plants for treatment of sewage. It has several advantages as it does not require electricity, uses no chemicals, works on gravity flow, and has no recurring cost. The applications are for municipal sewage, cleaning of nullah water before discharge to water bodies, treating dairy waste, industrial waste and the like.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379890", "title": "Helpline for distressed women from next month", "text": "BHOPAL: The helpline for distressed women across the state is going to start from middle of the next month said State Women's Commission (SWC) chairperson at an awareness camp on Sunday at the Academy of Administration.Speaking at the awareness seminar for women, SWC chairperson Upma Rai said, \"A helpline for women would start from July 15 whereby women who have registered their complaints with the commission would be able to track their applications.\"There is a helpline which is active in the state for women-1091. The new helpline would be launched by SWC in July so that woman can seek information on their pending cases in the commission or otherwise.She said an inspection has been conducted at various police stations of the state. A recommendation would be forwarded whereby police stations should have a citizen charter board with brief information and rights of a citizen displayed on it. The contact numbers of senior police officers, in case of in action, will also be mentioned.The commission had already conducted joint benches in all 50 districts of the state prior to the completion of one year of formation, she added.Aruna Mohan Rao, additional director general of police (ADG) crime against women, in her inaugural speech said 70% of the women in the state have been subjected to some sort of atrocity or another. She also said that generally women do not register their complaints unless the matter goes out of hand. \"Women should make use of the women helpline 1091 which is active. Their identity would be kept confidential,\" she said.Mohib Ahmed, counsellor with the Mahila Thana said here was deliberate misuse of the Muslim talaq law in the society. Advocate Parvez Alam also offered to help such women free of cost.To this, Rai said, \"This point would be debated by our legal counsellors. If there is need, a public interest litigation (PIL) would be filed in the high court to challenge whether the Qaziat has the right to solemnize Muslim divorces or not.\"She also stated, \"Every SP office in the district should have a public prosecutor attached to it so that the women victims can be counselled by them before going to court.\"Prema Sethi, joint director, Ujjain division, women and child development department (WCD) informed about the Domestic Violence Act, 2005.The seminar had about 250 participants, including Sitaram Choudhary, chairman, senior citizen manch, Dr Kulmani Tomar and secretary SWC Rama Chouhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380270", "title": "Water crisis in Hyderabad inspite of rains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even after the heavy downpour last week, which marked the onset of monsoon, water woes seem to be far from over for the denizens. Decreased water supply, erratic timings coupled with continuous low pressure have only added to the problem as many localities continue to reel under acute water shortage. In fact in many areas, the problem has only worsened even as water tankers continue to be the only respite for many residents.Residents of the Krishnanagar area near Jubilee Hills were up in arms and even lodged a complaint with the Water Board last week. B Yashwanth Kumar, a resident of the area, said \"At present, we are getting water only on alternate days after 12 in the night. Though officials say they are supplying water for an hour, we get it for only 45 minutes and to top it, the pressure is very low. Since the supply is nowhere near to our daily requirements, we requested the officials to change the water supply timings and increase the pressure but nothing has been done till now.\" Kumar also complains it is a nuisance staying awake till late hours of the night waiting for the water supply.Erramanzil Colony in Somajiguda is more or less facing a similar situation since the summer. K Venugopal, a resident of Hill Top Colony in Erramanzil said, \"Previously, we used to get water for more than an hour but now it has decreased to just an hour. Since we stay in apartments, this supply is just not enough and we have to call the tanker at least four times a week. We expected that towards the end of June, the situation would improve, but sadly it only got aggravated.\"A resident of Himayatnagar, V Pavan Kumar complains, \"Our borewell got dried up this summer. Since it rained, we were hopeful that the water level would go up but it did not happen. Now, we have to rely on tankers or Water Board supply for our daily chores. But the fact is we are depending more on tankers and bottled mineral water.\" The tanker usage has not come down as expected but decreased by a just 5%-10% compared to the peak of summer, he said.Officials say a good rainfall on the outskirts and catchment areas is necessary to improve the situation. However, Adhar Sinha, managing director, Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) was confident that situation would improve in the coming days. \"With a couple of good rains , the ground water level will go up and the borewells can be used again. Also, once the monsoon sets in, the water consumption among the public will decrease and the demand would also go down\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381387", "title": "Monsoon misses date with Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The sun played hide and seek with the clouds on Sunday, which increased both the minimum and maximum temperatures. Though cloudy weather conditions persisted throughout the day yet no rain was predicted by met department in next 48 hours.The wait for rains will be longer. According to the weatherman, there is no further movement of the monsoon towards the city. The monsoon has already missed its date with the city. Under normal conditions, the expected date for showers here is June 18 with an error margin of plus/minus four days. Last year, the monsoon arrived in the city before the expected date.According to experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, weather mechanisms like formation of a low pressure area or system like a depression accelerate the movement monsoon. But currently such systems are absent.The maximum temperature was 42.2 degree Celsius on Sunday. This was 2.2 degrees higher than that of Saturday. The minimum temperature stood at 26.8. The humidity, which was at 75% in the morning, reduced to 30% in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "erode (tn)", "code": "14385116", "title": "Tamil Nadu will move SC if Kerala goes ahead with Siruvani dam plan", "text": "ERODE (TN): Tamil Nadu would approach the Supreme Court and will not be a 'silent spectator' if Kerala government went ahead with its plan to build a dam across the Siruvani river, public works minister KV Ramalingam has said.\"Tamil Nadu will not give up its rights with regard to Siruvani and Mullaperiyar,\" he told reporters here yesterday.He said chief minister Jayalalithaa had written to the Prime Minister asking him to advise Kerala not to proceed with the irrigation scheme or any other project on the Siruvani at in violation of Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal's final order.Jayalalithaa had asked the Centre not to accord it technical clearance as it \"violates\" the final order.Tamil Nadu would approach the Supreme Court if the Kerala government went ahead with its plan to construct a reservoir across the Siruvani at Attapadi affecting the interest of its people, the Minister said.Tamil Nadu and Kerala are already locked in a dispute over the Mullaperiyar Dam issue. Kerala is insisting on building a new dam in place of the existing 116-year-old structure, to which Tamil Nadu is opposed.Ramalingam earlier inaugurated the 'Clima Adapt Scheme', jointly implemented by the Public Works Department and Tamil Nadu Agricultural University to improve paddy cultivation and production as per climatic conditions.The Minister said Norway had granted Rs 6 crore and under the scheme about 800 hectares in Kalingarayan ayacut in Erode district and Ponanaiyaru in Tiruchirapalli district would be taken up for paddy cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381914", "title": "In search of real-world data", "text": "As the internet continues to grow, public access to net-connected sensors such as cameras, video cameras and microphone arrays is increasing . To allow internet users to search and analyse data through such sensors, computer scientists at the University of Glasgow are participating in a new project to develop a search engine, which will draw its results from sensors located in the physical world in real-time .The European-funded project, known as 'Search engine for MultimediA Environment geneRated contenT (SMART),' aims to develop and implement a system to allow internet-users to search and analyse data from the sensors. The engine will be able to answer high-level queries by automatically identifying cameras, microphones and other sensors that can contribute to the query, then synthesising the results in an intelligent way. The project will be built upon an opensource search engine technology known as Terrier.\"SMART aims to develop a search engine technology that combines information retrieved from sensors in the physical world and social networks such as Twitter. By doing so, it aims to support users in finding interesting events happening in various locations of the city, and to also know what people are saying about these events on the social networks such as Twitter ,\" says Iadh Ounis, reader in the School of Computing Science at the University of Glasgow. Currently, standard search engines are not able to answer search queries of this type.\"In this project, we are trying to identify and present knowledge to users about what is happening in the real world, right now. This is achieved through the integration and real-time analysis of data gathered from sensors in the physical world. In contrast, current search engines and social networks can only see what is happening in the real world from the interaction of internet users (e.g. increased queries, or tweets from that area). For instance, if many people are tweeting about an earthquake , then the search engine can infer that there has been an earthquake somewhere. Instead, in the SMART project, we are using additional information sources obtained from sensors in the physical world, which will allow us to have more certainty about where and what is actually happening,\" says Craig Macdonald , research associate, School of Computing Science at the University of Glasgow.The project is a joint research initiative of nine partners including Atos, Athens Information Technology, IBM's Haifa Research Lab, Imperial College London , City of Santander, PRISA Digital, Telesto and Consorzio S3 Log. Such a project has its own challenges. Talking about the challenges, Ounis explains that there are two types of challenges . \"Firstly, the main research risk is sparsity: not enough sensors, or not enough social data, to connect an event we observe in the real world using the sensors with something being tweeted about by users. To some extent, we are mitigating this by addressing events in cities, where there are more likely to be social interactions about events.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14380753", "title": "Mars interior has water like Earth's?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found clinching evidence that Mars' interior holds vast reservoirs of wa8ter, with some spots apparently as wet as Earth's innards.The new findings, published in the journal Geology, upend previous studies, which had estimated that the Red Planet's internal water stores were scanty at best - something of a surprise, given that liquid water apparently flowed on the Martian surface long ago.\"It's been puzzling why past8 %estimates for the planet's interior have been so dry,\" said study co-author Erik Hauri of the Carnegie Institution of Washington. \"This new research makes sense and suggests that volcanoes may have been the primary vehicle for getting water to the surface,\" Hauri was quoted as saying by LiveScience.For their study, the scientists examined two Martian meteorites that formed in the planet's mantle, the layer under the crust. These rocks landed on Earth about 2.5 million years ago after being blasted off the planet by a violent impact.Using a technique called secondary ion mass spectrometry, the team determined that the mantle from which the meteorites derived contained between 70 and 300 parts per million (ppm) of water. Earth's mantle, for comparison, holds roughly 50-300 ppm water, the researchers said.The results, Hauri said, \"suggest water was incorporated during the formation of Mars and the planet was able to store water in its interior during the planet's differentiation\".Some of this water apparently made to its the surface in the ancient past. NASA's Spirit and Opportunity rovers, which landed on the Red Planet in 2004, have found lots of evidence that Mars was far warmer and wetter billions of years ago than it is today.The two golf-cart-size robots have even spotted signs of ancient hydrothermal systems, suggesting that some places on the Red Planet once had both water and an energy source -- two key ingredients for the existence of life as we know it.While the new results would help scientists better understand Mars and its history, they could also shed light on the evolution of large, rocky bodies in a more general sense, the researchers said.\"Not only does this study explain how Mars got its water, it provides a mechanism for hydrogen storage in all the terrestrial planets at the time of their formation,\" said lead author Francis McCubbin of the University of New Mexico.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14385284", "title": "Woman's right to abort her child?", "text": "MUMBAI: The girl child has never got as much attention in India as she is getting today, thanks to actor Aamir Khan recently highlighting the issue of female feticide in his new television talk show.Instances of illegal abortions carried way beyond the legally permitted 20-week period and unscrupulous doctors indulging in sex-determination scans have kept administrators in this western India state very busy over the last month. What is, however, worrying is the blurring of reason in this enthusiasm to set right an age-old social ill in India in almost a jiffy. Consider the recent statement made by senior Maharashtra minister Chhagan Bhujbal . He has demanded that homicide cases should be filed against those involved in female feticide.\"Homicide cases should be filed against those indulging in female feticide in the progressive state of Maharashtra, which has given social reformers like Phule, Shahu Maharaj and Ambedkar,\" the NCP leader has been quoted as saying.Clearly, neither he nor the social organization Samata Parishad that he founded thought out the implications before making their demand. Where does a woman's right to abortion (and thus her ability to take charge of her reproductive rights) figure in this demand for the homicide ruling? There is also the pro-life debate (made famous by anti-abortion protesters in the US) and the long-standing debate over a fetus's ability to feel pain. The Indian abortion law has been hailed by lawmakers and health activists as one of the finest pieces of legislation. Let us not tamper with it without adequate homework. While trying to solve a problem, let us not create new problems elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379800", "title": "Site row: D V Sadananda may order probe", "text": "BANGALORE: With top BJP leaders failing to mollify law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is planning to order a quick probe into the allegations that the minister suppressed facts while obtaining a prime residential site in Bangalore.\"The CM is consulting legal experts and partymen to decide whether an independent agency or a group of ministers should probe the site row,\" sources in the CM's office said.Gowda's hand was forced by Kumar, who insisted that an inquiry must be ordered. \"It is left to the CM to decide on the type of investigation. I tendered (my) resignation not because I was guilty, but to dispel people's suspicion. If there is no inquiry, my resignation doesn't hold any meaning,\" Kumar said.The government plans to complete the probe inside of two weeks and ensure he rejoins the cabinet if he's proved innocent. Pressure continues to mount on Kumar to withdraw his resignation. A delegation of BJP leaders led by state unit chief K S Eshwarappa met Kumar on Sunday morning and asked him to reconsider his decision. Some RSS leaders, too, tried to mollify him. \"The CM hasn't accepted the resignation yet. We will do our best to persuade Kumar to withdraw his resignation,\" medical education minister A Ramdas said.BJP sources said senior BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Dharmendra Pradhan spoke to Kumar on Saturday night, asking him to withdraw his resignation. \"I'm grateful to those who supported me following my resignation, but there is no question of withdrawing the letter,\" an emotional Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14379810", "title": "M S University students, teachers visit Germany", "text": "VADODARA: A group of six students and teachers of M S University's Department of German visited Germany under an exchange programme with Germany-based Felix Fechenbach Berufskolleg, Detmold.The department had signed an MoU of a teacher/student exchange programme with the German institute in October last for a period of five years. This was the first MoU signed under the newly set up Office of the International Affairs (OIA) at MSU. Interestingly, teachers and students at the host institute at Germany had raised 1700 Euros by organizing an exhibition to meet all the expenses that it incurred for the MSU group's visit while the participants stayed with German families of teachers and students of the host institute during their stay.\"The institute utilized these funds for all our excursions at Bonn, Cologne, Weimar, Bielefeld, Paderborn where both our students and those from Felix Fechenbach Berufskolleg participated,\" in-charge head of MSU's Department of German Jyotsna Phanse and coordinator of the exchange programme told TOI on Sunday. During their stay in Detmold, MSU teachers and students undertook hospitation course in various departments of the college to understand the subject specific requirements of teaching German as a foreign language in different areas of study.\"Visit to Bonn, which is home to House of History, a museum dedicated to the history of Germany was special to us as students could practically see the history of Germany that we teach at the department,\" said Phanse, who along with temporary teaching assistants Priyank Fadnis, Ami Srivastava, visiting lecturer Bhumi Shah, MA student Kunjali Sonara and third year BA student Amruti Parmar visited Germany for 14 days.MSU is now planning a reciprocal visit for the German students and teachers. \"Teachers and students from this institute will be visiting MSU in the month of January or February 2013 for a period of 14 days, where they would be attending classes in various departments of the university and visiting many institutions and multinational firms along with visits to places in and around Vadodara,\" professor Sharad Bansal, director of OIA said.\"The college had also organized a visit to Paderborn University and seminar in the centre for training teachers,\" added Phanse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14382100", "title": "Mangalore demands more passport melas", "text": "MANGALORE: The Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) received about 350 applications, including that of passport renewal, in the coastal city during the final day of the two-day passport mela, organized by the ministry of external affairs on Sunday. On Saturday, PSK had received 80 applications in which two were rejected. Of the applications received over the last two days about 40% were from students. The Kendra received highest numbers of applicantions from Bhatkal (75) and lowest from Karwar (35). Of the 430 applications received about 60 are for the renewal of passport, according to sources. \"Some people have misunderstood that the mela is free of cost and have come without bringing money,\" the sources said. Though the center was suppose to close down at 2pm, it remained open till 3.30pm, as applicants approaching it didn't stop even after 2pm.An officer on the condition of anonymity said that though the two-day mela went on smoothly, there was shortage of employees in the center.\"If we had sufficient number of employees, we would have been in a much better position to offer speedy service to the applicants,\" the officer said.Software engineer Manoj Singh Panwar, who had applied for passport through online two weeks ago, came to the centre to apply for the second time. His online application was rejected following problems in address proof. Manoj said that applying online for passport pose several problems. \"The government should have organized the mela for at least one week, because most people are not aware of it,\" he added. Abdul Lathif Hussain Khan, a businessman from Bhatkal, who renewed his passport in the mela said that though the online process was easy, people would be happy if passport melas were organized frequently as the process was glitches-free and fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380795", "title": "Enforcement Directorate quizzes Srilakshmi, Rajagopal in OMC case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) officials on Sunday recorded the statements of IAS officer Y Srilakshmi and former director of state mines and geology wing V D Rajagopal at the Chanchalguda jail in connection with their role in the OMC illegal mining case. ED, conducting the probe under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act and FEMA , has obtained nod from the CBI court to question and record the statements of all the jailed accused in the OMC, Emaar and Jagan assets cases.While the ED officials could collect background details from Srilakshmi, they completed their questioning and recording of statement of Rajagopal.He maintained that as he was only a recommendatory authority in respect of mining leases and the final authority rested with the state, he could not be held responsible for any errors in the OMC case.OMC company MD B V Srinivasa Reddy too was questioned by ED in jail on Sunday. When confronted with the quantum of exports allegedly made by OMC through various ports in the country, Reddy agreed to the figures, but didn't elaborate on the source of the ore The ED officials will record the statements of Nimmagadda Prasad, BP Acharya, KV Brahmananda Reddy and others on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379150", "title": "Corporator assaulted near Sola", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A municipal corporator and builder was assaulted by a group near Ranip on Saturday. According to Sola police the incident took place when Yogesh Patel, the complainant, tried to scold some children who were pelting stones on a hoarding.According to investigators, Patel, a corporator from Ranip ward and resident of Devmandir Society had inaugurated his residential scheme Tulsi Residency on Sunday morning. While passing the scheme in afternoon, he saw some local children pelting stones at the scheme's banner thereby damaging it.\"When he approached them, the children fled but Patel caught one of them. He beat the child and scolded him. Soon, the child's father Dinesh Desai approached him with another accused Mahesh Marwadi and assaulted him. The duo also threatened of dire consequences if he tries to scold children again. Patel later filed a complaint for assault,\" said a Sola police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379486", "title": "Minister seeks report on Vellalore plant", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation is now facing fresh trouble over the solid waste treatment plant at Vellalore dump yard as environment minister BV Ramana asked the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board officials to conduct a fresh inspection of the site. The minister has also asked the officials to submit a detailed report about the operations of the plant. The exercise is to ensure that the civic body and the private firm operating the plant are adhering to norms of TNPCB and the Environment Protection Act.\"There are some complaints about operations of the treatment plant at Vellalore dump yard. A fresh report will be prepared after conducting inspection and collecting samples from the treatment facility,\" the minister told the Times of India on Sunday.He also told that there have been complaints of odour emanating from the plant operated by Coimbatore Integrated Waste Management Private Limited. He also added that fresh leachate (water percolating from the dumped waste) samples will be collected at the plant and ensure that it is being properly treated before dumped in the sump at the site. The decision was taken at a high level meeting convened by the minister in the presence of district collector M Karunagaran and senior officials from Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board held in the city.\"The pollution control board officials have been instructed to conduct an inspection at the site and submit a report,\" said M Karunagaran, district collector, Coimbatore.The city corporation is already facing heat from TNPCB for not adhering to Environment Protection Act and has listed shortcomings both at the dump yard and the solid waste treatment plant. The scientific closure of the waste at the dump yard without providing an impermeable lining at the bottom has also been brought to the notice of the pollution control board.Officials at the treatment plant claimed that they have proper leachate treatment facility at the plant using membrane filtering method. The capacity of this treatment unit is 40 cubic metre and 15 -20 cubic metre of leachate is produced at the treatment facility everyday.\"Leachate is collected while we compact and crush the solid waste collected at the facility. It will ooze out of the chamber and will be properly collected and treated,\" said one of the officials involved in the process.In a recent inspection by the district officials it was noted that the total capacity of the solid waste treatment plant is 650 tonnes of waste everyday. But it is not enough to manage the additional quantity of 150 tonnes being sent to the plant from the newly added areas. The segregation of garbage is also not properly achieved at the treatment facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14380779", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee appeals for support but doesn\u2019t meet Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday appealed to the Trinamool to support his candidature \u2014 the second time in two days \u2014 but stopped short of naming the party. He didn't meet Mamata Banerjee .On Saturday, he had told reporters at his ancestral home in Birbhum's Miriti, \"I will talk to her (Mamata). But right now there is no such possibility.\" Congress leaders said the meeting may take place after Mukherjee files his nomination and undertakes a formal campaign tour.Mukherjee said on Sunday, \"I am the UPA presidential candidate. I seek support of all parties.\" He said the political parties which had decided to support him would vote for him. \"But those who have not taken a decision yet, I appeal to them to support the UPA candidate,\" he added.Asked to comment on the PM's remark that the UPA still hoped support from the Trinamool, Mukherjee replied, \"I have no comment to make on what the PM has said.\"On Saturday when asked whether he would request Mamata to reconsider her decision and also appeal to BJP to withdraw their candidate, the PM had said, \"As soon as we decided upon the nomination of Pranab Mukherjee, I rang up LK Advaniji, I rang up Sushma Swarajji, I rang up Arun Jaitlyji requesting them to work with the government and the ruling coalition to ensure that Pranabji's election takes place unanimously. As far as Trinamol is concerned, the party is still part of the UPA and I haven't given up hope that they will find its way to support his candidature.\"\"We expect all parties in Bengal, whether Congress or Trinamool or Left parties, to come together to support Pranab Mukherjee, not because he is a Bengali but as someone who has come up from Bengal,\" PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380328", "title": "IIT-Delhi roped in for Hyderabad metro rail study", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), New Delhi, will soon take up a study for the purpose of integrating the different modes of transport and provisions for pedestrian movement in the city with Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) commissioning the report on Saturday.The study will focus on the different modes of transport and non-motorized transport (NMT) facilities in the city apart from pedestrian facilities and cycling routes. The Centre has sanctioned about Rs 19 lakh for the feasibility study under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. The report is to be ready in five months.NVS Reddy, the HMRL managing director, said that the scheme will make the city's Metro Rail project a pioneering model for the country and facilitate Hyderabad's restructuring as an eco-friendly city with a low carbon footprint.The managing director said that as a part of the study, the said IIT would identify inter-change points for different modes of transport and pedestrian access facilities within half-a-kilometre to one-kilometre distance of a metro rail station and cycling and other NMT access requirements within 3km of a metro station.Access facilities for transfer of passengers from bus stops, MMTS stations and railway terminals to and from metro rail stations will be identified. The study will also provide the basis for running of a dedicated feeder bus services (\"merry go-round services\") for metro rail stations surrounding areas and colonies.Based on the expected passenger load at each station, the researchers will suggest pedestrian access facilities for metro rail stations, provision of footpaths and bicycle tracks, parking facilities for cars and two-wheelers at and near metro stations and sky-walks below the metro rail viaduct. The sky-walks will give direct access to nearby office, shopping complexes, malls, school buildings apart from facilitating safe crossing at busy junctions.\"Based on the feasibility study, financial assistance will be sought for provision of these facilities under JNNURM and other Central schemes,\" Reddy said. He said that stage-I metro rail works were on in full swing and, so far, 57 metro rail pillar foundations have been excavated with 50 foundations and 20 piers (pillars) having been erected on the Nagole-Mettuguda (corridor III) stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379145", "title": "Needless wait, jams after 10pm", "text": "KOLKATA: Automatic traffic signals that were installed to ease peak hour snarls in the city are becoming a source of nuisance late in the evening. Not only are the poorly programmed signals causing massive traffic jams at intersections, they are also giving rise to noise pollution as impatient motorists honk incessantly to vent their frustration.At several key intersections across the city, red lights have become a major irritant after 9.30-10pm when traffic police withdraw and signals are left on automatic mode. Police set up barricades near the intersections before they leave for the day. This, coupled with the flawed signalling system, reduces traffic to a crawl and triggers snarls when there should be none.At Jadavpur police station, scores of taxis, buses and cars on Gariahat Road South and SC Mullick Road are held up at the signal that remains needlessly red for nearly 180 seconds while the sparse traffic on Prince Anwar Shah Road and EM Bypass connector has abundant time to spare. If you are heading from Dhakuria to Garia, it takes at least four minutes to cross this crossing when it should be less than a minute.The situation is worse on the Sarat Bose Road-Southern Avenue intersection. While the signal at the end of the high-traffic Sarat Bose Road turns red for nearly two minutes after flashing green for just 20 seconds, two barricades that police set up on the eastern flank of Sarat Bose Road ensure that only five to six vehicles get to cross Southern Avenue at a time. The bottleneck, combined with the skewed signal, ensures that travelling the last 50-metre stretch of Sarat Bose Road can take 10 minutes at 10 pm.\"Police leave the iron barricades on the road, blocking over 60% of the two-lane flank. Only one vehicle can pass at a time through these barricades. With three rows of vehicles jostling for this narrow space, progress becomes infuriatingly slow. You simply sit and watch the signal change from green to red without even inching ahead,\" said Jadavpur resident Debasish Deb Sharma who has to pass the intersection nearly daily.To add to this excruciatingly slow progress is the irritant of honking. \"When the signal stays red for a long time, some motorists begin to honk, believing a policeman will turn it green. They do not know that there are no cops to man the intersection after 9.30pm. When the signal turns green, the vehicles behind start honking like mad as though motorists ahead of them were in a slumber,\" Deb Sharma complained.This chaos is repeated at the other end of the city with iron barricades to the south of Locker Bridge, between Chiria More and Shyambazar, holding up traffic even when the signal turns green. Ditto for the Hospital Road-AJC Bose Road intersection where barricades slow traffic to a crawl.The situation is only slightly better at Rashbehari Road-Ashutosh Mukherjee Road intersection, for vehicles here cannot complain of a short signal cycle. But why the high-density traffic on Ashutosh Mukherjee Road is made to wait for three minutes while there is hardly any traffic beyond a minute and a half on Rashbehari Road is anybody's guess.In central Kolkata, the signal at the College Street-Keshub Sen Street intersection is similarly programmed with traffic on College Street having to wait while there is no traffic on Keshub Sen Street. \"After 10pm, one gets to see only a couple of people ambling across College Street as vehicular traffic waits impatiently. We don't know why the traffic police do not conduct a fortnightly or even a monthly survey to determine the traffic load beyond 9pm,\" said Bowbazar resident Amit Ghosh.Back in south Kolkata, the signal that regulates traffic flowing from Bondel Road and Palm Avenue to Gariahat Road, Hazra Road and Ballygunge Circular Road turns red within 5 seconds of going green, throwing motorists into panic reaction.Traffic cops acknowledge the after-dark problem, but say that calibrating the signal timings is a difficult process given that there are 340 crossings in the city with at least two major roads intersecting. A senior officer admitted that a periodic review of the signal after 9pm makes sense given that traffic volume remains high till nearly 11pm. He, though, pointed out that the barricades had been set up to prevent accidents. \"Motorists often flout traffic signals after 10pm. Jumping a signal at high speed leads to a lot of accidents and fatalities. We put up the guard rails to slow down traffic and reduce casualties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379353", "title": "Citizens to go on hunger strike over work in Devnadi", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has violated a high court order and damaged several trees by undertaking excavation work in the Devnadi, members of the Baner-Balewadi Area Sabha have claimed. This has changed the natural flow and width of Devnadi, a stream in Baner that flows into the Mula river, they have said.Members of the residents' group will go on a hunger strike condemning the destruction of the stream and its environment, at the Devnadi site on June 30. The group will also plant over 1,000 saplings at the site on July 1. The district collector, municipal commissioner and officials from the social forestry and other departments will be invited for the plantation drive.At a meeting held on Sunday the group said that the debris from the left bank of Devnadi was being excavated and dumped on the right bank based on the civic body's instructions. \"This is a clear violation of the Bombay high court order. They are doing this to reclaim the land, change the natural shape, flow and size of Devnadi,\" they said.According to a Bombay high court order dated April 26, 2012, the PMC cannot carry out concretisation work in the stream without obtaining permission from the court. The order also says that the civic body should undertake the construction strictly in accordance with the recommendations of the EAC (Expert Appraisal Committee) of the ministry of environment and forests. One of the EAC recommendations says that the PMC shall maintain the width of the nullah as mentioned in the city's development plan.Shashank Jagirdar a member of the residents' group, said, \"The excavation work has been going on for the last 10 days. When we asked the PMC officials for the development plan, markings on site and public notice, they refused to produce them. We have written several letters to the civic body about the work being carried out in Devnadi and the high court order. But they have not responded so far.\"Deepak Nagar, another member of the group, said during the meeting that the width of the stream had changed due to the work. \"This is in violation of the high court order. Several bamboo samplings have been destroyed and around 100 trees planted by the civic garden department have been damaged by the equipment,'' he said.\"The Bombay high court had also ordered the PMC to relocate a sewer line outside the drains so as to prevent groundwater contamination through percolation. Instead of following this order, the sewer line has been punctured and the groundwater is now contaminated. Also, the water level in the wells in the area has gone down drastically,\" Nagar said.Member Sunit Wankhade added that the Devnadi land is under the collector's custody and it is his responsibility to see that the urban local body and panchayat do not destroy the water body. \"Unfortunately, this is not being done,\" he said.Jal Biradari, Pune, president Vinod Bodhankar said, \"The PMC has failed in its duty and is doing just the opposite (of what is required).\"Meanwhile, additional city engineer Vivek Kharwadkar said that the PMC has taken up desiltation work in Devnadi to prevent a flood-like situation in the area. \"Desiltation will ensure proper run-off management. We had to deploy machinery for this purpose. The idea is to ensure that the nullah is restored to its original capacity. We are following the high court mandate and have not taken up channelisation on the nullah bed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378792", "title": "Industrial Training Institutes student killed, friend injured", "text": "NAGPUR: An Industrial Training Institutes student was killed and his friend is battling for life after their bike was knocked down by an unidentified vehicle on Nagpur-Butibori road on Saturday night. Satish Bodke (22) died on the spot and 18-year-old Kishore Mandal, who was riding pillion, is undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital.Police said Bodke and Mandal had been to Nagpur to buy books. In the evening, the duo was heading to Wani village when a speeding vehicle knocked them down. The youths studied in the ITI at Wani. Butibori police has registered a case against the unknown driver.Man injured while trying to save wifeNagpur: A man sustained burn injuries in a bid to save his wife after she had set herself ablaze at their residence at Dhanlaxmi society in Bhavani Nagar under the jurisdiction of Kalamna police station on Sunday afternoon. Suvarna Zade (35) was fed up of her prolonged illness and tried to commit suicide. She succumbed during treatment at Mayo Hospital. Tikaram Zade is undergoing treatment at the same hospital.Around noon, Zade was about to take Suvarna to the hospital when she set herself ablaze. Zade rushed to save her by covering her in the blanket and sustained burn injuries on hands and legs. The neighbours took the couple to the hospital. Kalamna police has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381424", "title": "Mayoral polls: Shakti Kapoor seeks votes for Cong candidate", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bringing alive memories of the grand old man of Indian cinema, Ashok Kumar, cinestar Shakti Kapoor began his roadshow in support of Congress mayoral candidate Sheree Wadhawan in typical Bollywood style.He sung a parody of the hit number number 'chuk chuk chuk chuk, rail gaadi' from the film \"Aashirvaad\" to seek votes for Wadhawan. Kapoor version \"chuk chuk chuk chuk, rail gaadi rail ka engine, jaayegi garmi aayega sawan, Sheree Wadhawan\" drew wide cheers from the crowds who went into peels of laughter. Passing through Civil Lines, Chowk, Zero Road and Kotwali area, Kapoor waved and shook hands with enthusiastic fans who had lined up to have a glimpse of the star. In between Kapoor chipped in with his trade mark style \"Aaau' on popular demand.Taking a dig at candidates pitted by other parties, Kapoor exhorted the voters to choose the right candidate, who is well educated and competent enough to handle things in the right earnest.He admitted that his visit to the city was driven by his long drawn association with the Wadhawan family and said his daughter is also making her mark in the acting field in an upcoming movie being directed by Wadhawan family.With an attempt to strike a chord with the Sangam city voters, he said that the Congress candidate belongs to an illustrious family of freedom fighters who have remained close to the Nehru Gandhi family since pre-independence period who have an unblemished track record in the field of public service.He was accompanied by Abhay Awasthi, Shyam Krishna Pandey, Jawed Urfi and Kishore Varshney during the visit.In the evening he is scheduled to address a public meeting at Atala crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386118", "title": "Would like to host a TV show next: Gaurav", "text": "He can be called as one of the hunks on the tellyland we spot today. Actor Gaurav Khanna, who won appreciation from the industry as well as the audiences, is now only happy to be part of another romantic soap opera Byah Hamari Bahoo Ka, a romantic family drama from the Hats Off Productions. The actor, who was in Ahmedabad to promote the show along with co actor Shrenu Parikh and actor-producer JD Majethia, feels he has been lucky to have got such an impressive body of work so far.However, Gaurav feels hosting a TV show will give him more creative satisfaction and give him a feeling of being complete. \"Having experimented with so many things in life, one thing that tops my to-do-list is to host a TV show,\" says Gaurav.Quiz the actor on the prospects of working with a big production house and he is quick to chip in. \"Contrary to what many think, there isn't any individual star on TV on whose shoulder the entire show banks. It is the amalgamation of both the production house and the individual stars that matters the most on television. Having said that, I believe, it is the story that is the biggest star on TV,\" says Gaurav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384845", "title": "Akki in Thuppakki remake?", "text": "Speculation is rife that Bollywood Khiladi is all set to star in the remake of A R Murugadoss' Tamil film 'Thuppakki'.While the original movie is still being shots in parts of Mumbai and Pune, rumour mills are working overtime suggesting a remake is on the cards. Neither Murugadoss or Akshay has confirmed the news. However, if all goes well, the Hindi remake 'Thuppakki' will be Murugadoss' second Bollywood venture and Akki's second remake of a south film as an actor after Prabhu Deva's 'Rowdy Rathore'.'Thuppakki' is a Tamil action thriller being written and directed by A R Murugadoss. Ilaya Thalapathy Vijay plays an encounter specialist in the movie, while Kajal Aggarwal is the leading actress. The film which is in its production stage is slated for a mid-august release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379933", "title": "National Eligibility Test exam conducted peacefully in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The National Eligibility Test (NET) June 2012 conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) was held in city amid tight security and vigilance on Sunday. The examination saw overwhelming response with the number of students appearing from city surging by almost 50 per cent as compared to the last year.Out of the 6,923 students registered, 6,027 wrote the test held at 10 centres at various departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) and at one sub-centre.City co-ordinator Dr D K Bagga and deputy registrar (exam) at DAVV said, \"The examination was held peacefully at all the centres. Only 896 students out of more than 6,900 aspirants remained absent. Maximum 2,065 students appeared at the sub-centre at IET.\"Students found the first paper of aptitude and general awareness easy as compared to the second and third paper. The newly introduced objective pattern for the third paper came as respite for many.Leena Sharma, one of the aspirants, said, \"Most of the students left the examination much before deadline due to the objective pattern. Those who would have done comprehensive study can clear the examination easily.\"Students, however, demanded change in the checking scheme of the examination as copies of second and third papers are checked only if the students clear the first paper.\"Since the examination is now completely objective questions-based, they should correct all the papers. This will help students analyze their overall performance,\" said an aspirant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379438", "title": "Leachate in quarry makes Dona Paula locals worry", "text": "PANAJI: While the residents of Dona Paula since long have been raising concerns about the dumping of garbage in an abandoned quarry, the problem has come to haunt them now in the form of leachate, which is posing a health hazard.The residents from La Marvel colony and nearby areas have complained to the health department about the unbearable stench emanating from the leachate.\"The stagnation of the rainwater and decomposition of the garbage is a breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" a resident said.The quarry has been used indiscriminately for dumping waste over the last several months. \"We have been suffering from the problem for a few days,\" the resident told TOI.Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has started pumping out the water into a storm water drain.\"The diesel pump is still operational and part of the water has been drained out,\" a source said.Heavy rain on Sunday also helped in diluting the polluted quarry, as the run offs filled the quarry with fresh water. The health department also commenced fogging operation at the site and residential areas nearby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380737", "title": "\u2018Theatre is my longest enduring affair\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Some artists are known for their voices. Lillete Dubey's voice lingers with you long after arc lights have dimmed and the curtains have been drawn.There's no mistaking Lillete's zest for theatre, which is palpable even after all these years. \"It is a passion that has endured longer than my marriage for more than 35 years now,\" she says. The sense of immediacy and no-retake quality still gives her an adrenalin rush every time she steps onstage. \"This is also why I find theatre more stimulating than films. There is a constant flow of energy and interaction with the audience who share your emotions in that instant unlike in films,\" she explains.Lillete is in Chennai to perform her play 'August: Osage County' on Monday evening at Music Academy as part of the Times Chennai Festival. \"This is the first time we are bringing American playwright Tracy Letts' Pulitzer and Tony award winning play to the city after successful runs in different parts of the country,\" she says.\"I fell in love with this script and thought of staging it as it explores a universal theme of family relationships that is very relatable and not culture specific. We haven't tampered with the plot or adapted the script as we've bought the rights to the play. Only the setting has been changed to Goa, where the characters would seem more at home,\" she says.The play deals with a dysfunctional family who are forced to come to terms with each member's eccentricities after a crisis occurs. Though tragic in a sense, the narrative is infused with dark humour throughout and has well sketched characters for the ensemble star cast which includes Sandhya Mridul, Denzil Smith, Suchitra Pillai, Kitu Gidwani and Mita Vashisht among others. \"I was lucky to get all these well known theatre personalities on board one stage and you will see them essay characters that have a lot of emotional range and depth. Of course, I thoroughly enjoy giving everyone hell through my character Violet, who is a volatile, pill-popping, matriarch of the family,\" she laughs.Fascinated by the culturally alive scene in Chennai, Lillete is not sure she'll find the time to indulge in her love for museums and shopping for saris and temple jewellery, but she does promise theatre lovers an evening of wicked humour to look forward to.(The Times Chennai Festival is co-hosted by Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers. Complimentary invites to all events and performances are available at The Times of India office on Chamiers Road in Nandanam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381446", "title": "Govt to give title deeds to one lakh people this year", "text": "KOCHI: \"In the next one year, state government will give title deeds (pattayam) to about one lakh eligible people in the state,\" said state revenue minister Adoor Prakash while inaugurating title deed distribution in Kochi on Sunday.The event was organized as a part of 'Janasangamam', the first anniversary celebration of the UDF government. Nearly 900 title deeds, family welfare funds worth Rs 2 crore were distributed to beneficiaries. The list of beneficiaries, eligible for various schemes, was shortlisted by various village offices of the district. The revenue minister said that during the past one year the government has distributed about 40,000 title deeds across the state and as part of anniversary celebrations they would distribute nearly 20,000 title deeds.\"Though we are distributing deeds, we will take steps to ensure that people are not misusing it. For this we are distributing title deeds with hologram and we will not allow the transfer of land for 25 years,\" Prakash said.The minister also said that after joint inspections, title deeds would be given to those who possessed forest land before 1977 and the government is planning to amend the law so that trees can be cut from such lands. The programme was inaugurated by Union minister for food and civil supplies K V Thomas at the Maharaja's College Auditorium on Sunday. While addressing the gathering, Thomas said pro-people activities of the government are a model for other states and if this continues, the state will prosper.Adding colour to the celebrations, the public relations department conducted an exhibition 'Vikasanavum Karuthalum - Oru Nerkazcha', portraying the developmental activities of the government. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth, excise and ports minister K Babu, MP Charles Dias, MLAs Dominic Presentation, Hibi Eden, Benny Behanan and Ludi Louis were present.Kochi: In the next one year, the state government would give title deeds (pattayam) to about one lakh eligible people in the state, said state revenue minister Adoor Prakash while inaugurating title deed distribution in Kochi on Sunday. The title deed distribution was organised in the district as a part of 'Janasangamam', the first anniversary celebration of the UDF government.The revenue minister said that during the last one year the government has distributed about 40,000 title deeds across the state and as a part of the anniversary celebration they would distribute nearly 20,000 title deeds. \"Along with distributing deeds we would also take measures to ensure that public are not misusing it. For this we are distributing title deeds with hologram and will not allow the transfer of the land for 25 years,\" Prakash said.The minister also said that after joint inspections, title deeds would be given to those who had possessed forest land before 1977 and the government is planning to amend the law so that trees can be cut from such lands.The first anniversary celebration of the UDF Government was inaugurated by Union Minister for Food and Civil Supplies K V Thomas at the Maharajas College Auditorium here on Sunday. While addressing the gathering after inaugurating the function, the union minister said that the activities of the UDF government is a model to other states and if this pace continues, the government can take the state to prosperity.As a part of the programme, nearly 900 title deeds, family welfare funds worth Rs 2 crore were distributed to the beneficiaries. Along with the distribution of title deeds and possession certificates, benefits of various welfare schemes were distributed. The names of the beneficiaries eligible for various schemes were shortlisted by various village offices in the district.Adding colour to the anniversary celebrations, the public relations department had conducted an exhibition 'Vikasanavum Karuhalum - Oru Nerkazcha', portraying the developmental activities of the UDF government.District collector PI Sheik Pareeth, excise and ports minister K Babu, Charles Dias MP, MLAs Dominic Presentation, Hibi Eden, Benny Behannan and Ludi Louis were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14381557", "title": "Mao considered me his son: Dalai Lama", "text": "LONDON: Recalling his \"very good\" relations with Chairman Mao Zedong , the Dalai Lama on Sunday said that he considered him \"as a father\" and that the late Chinese leader considered him \"as a son\" .The Dalai Lama, who is on a public visit to the UK told the Andrew Marr Show on BBC, \"He (Mao) appears to me as a father and he himself considered me as a son. (We had) very good relations. The only problem was that on many occasions, when official dinners were held, Chairman Mao always used to bring me to his side\" .He added, \"So then as per Chinese tradition, Chairman Mao himself would use his chopsticks to put some food in my plate. So in a way it was a great honour, but in a way I feel little fear... he used to cough too much, a chain smoker, so I might get some germs.\"The Dalai Lama, who fled to India in 1959, said that older Tibetans wanted him to return \"as soon as possible before their death\" , but other politically sensible people believed that under the present circumstances, he should remain outside in a free country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "port of spain (trinidad)", "code": "14385444", "title": "Ashok Dinda wins it for India 'A' in Eliminator", "text": "PORT OF SPAIN (TRINIDAD): Pacer Ashok Dinda struck when it mattered the most as India 'A' drew the two-match Twenty20 series against the West Indies 'A' by winning the second and final game in the one-over eliminator here.After being put into bat by the hosts, the Indians put on a competitive 154 on board but the Caribbeans managed to tie the match which was ultimately decided by the one-over Eliminator in which run-outs by Dinda proved decisive.West Indies 'A' made four runs in five balls in the Eliminator which India 'A' chased down comfortably, making seven runs in 3 balls -- including a couple of wides conceded by Suleiman Benn.With this victory, the visitors drew the two-match series after losing the opening game by three wickets on Saturday.It was a rather steady start for India, a team which struggled to get a decent opening partnership going for most part of the tour.Shikhar Dhawan (33) and Ajinkya Rahane (79) put on 61 runs for the opening wickets before the former became Garey Mathurin's only victim of the game by holing out to Kieran Powell.His departure led to an all too familiar batting collapse with Rahane struggling to get a steady partner at the other end.The Mumbai youngster knock came off 63 deliveries and was studded with four boundaries and a couple of sixes. India were eventually restricted to 154 for five in their 20 overs after yet another middle-order flopshow.Chasing the challenging target, the West Indians were also off to a good start as Nkrumah Bonner (82) and Kieran Powell stitched together a 72-run opening stand.Off the two, Powell was the first to depart when he was run out by the combined effort of Rohit Sharma and Bhuvneshwar Kumar after striking a couple of fours and a six in his 27-ball cameo.The hosts also endured a middle-order collapse but Bonner's steady knock, which was an effective mix of caution and aggression, ensured that the side managed to tie the scores.Bonner faced 65 balls and sent down four boundaries and two sixes in an entertaining innings.With scores levelled, it was left to a nerve-wrecking Eliminator over in which Dinda, who was the economical Indian bowler with figures of 1/23 in his four overs, worked his magic.The Caribbeans seemed to have lost their nerve as Jonathan Carter and Bonner found themselves short of crease -- both run-outs effected by Dinda.Having to chase just four runs, the Indians lost Rohit Sharma off the very first ball but helped by a couple of wides by Benn and a boundary by Dhawan, the visitors made it comfortably to tie the series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14385361", "title": "One held in Ennore bomb case", "text": "CHENNAI: Hours after a gangster was attacked by a rival group in Ennore on Sunday, police nabbed a 26-year-old man with a country bomb and a sickle at the Koyambedu bus terminus .Police identified him as Ramesh of Annai Sathya Nagar, Ennore. \"We suspect his involvement in the bomb hurling case reported in Ennore on Sunday morning. The investigators are further questioning Ramesh,\" a police officer said.An eight-member gang had hurled country bombs at the house of historysheeter C Dhanasekar in Anna Sivagami Nagar, Ennore, in an apparent attempt to eliminate him. Dhanasekar, who is involved in several cases of murder and robbery, was injured in the attack.The masked gang members arrived in two share autorickshaws around 1.30pm and attempted to lob bombs into Dhanasekar's house. Police said it was unusual for Chennai gangs to use country bombs which are the prefered crude weapons of gangs in the neighbouring Puducherry.Dhanasekar (29) was playing carrom with a group of children outside his house when the gang attacked his house", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381494", "title": "Education panel suggests reform measures for SEBA", "text": "GUWAHATI: In order to introduce reforms in the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (SEBA), several recommendations have been made by Srinath Baruah committee, headed by eminent academicians of the state, announced state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma at a meeting on Sunday.The committee stressed on the need to introduce a special anti-malpractice act to curb anomalies in the present examination system.Addressing the meeting, Sarma said, \"The eight-member committee comprising academicians did a thorough analysis of the present curriculum here and also studied the education curriculum of other states like Gujarat and Karnataka after which they suggested some measures like introducing an anti-malpractice act for those who indulge in malpractices during examination.\"\"There should be five new regional offices of SEBA in places like Kokrajhar, Silchar, Koliabor, Lakhimpur and Sivasagar. The officials and employees of the regional offices would be transferred in a regular basis and they should be constantly in touch with the head office here,\" he said.The minister said, the committee also suggested that the SEBA chairman would be selected by a special committee and should be chosen by the government too. \"The committee has also suggested that the SEBA officials should have a minimum qualification of graduation. A number of officials are not even graduates but are holding considerably high posts in the board. This system needs to be changed,\" Sarma said. In order to ensure that the pass percentage increases, the committee has suggested introducing two-level curriculums. One for those who wish to study science in the higher secondary level, and one for those who wish to take up arts or commerce after their matriculation.\"The committee has suggested separate syllabi of science and mathematics for regular students and for those who are keenly interested in pursuing mathematics and science in future. It is seen that maximum students fare badly in mathematics, science and English. So, the committee also proposed to introduce multiple choice questions in the examination,\" he said.\"There should be four sets of question papers, with 40 per cent marks allotted in multiple choice section set in optical mark recognition (OMR) sheet. Thus it would be less time consuming. The committee also suggested that the answer sheets of students scoring highest marks in any subject would be printed and distributed amongst other students so that they can get an idea of how to write in examination,\" he said. \"The committee has placed the proposals. After several debates and discussions at length over it, the final recommendations would be given accordingly,\" Sarma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14386965", "title": "Commuter stabs traffic policeman", "text": "RAJKOT: Assistant sub inspector of Surendranagar traffic police was stabbed by commuter. The injured policeman was rushed to government hospital and Surendranagar police launched hunt to nab the accused.According to police officials, Polabhai Rathod was posted at Vadilal Chowk Traffic point on Sunday evening and stopped one of the vehicles over violation of traffic rules.\"When he intercepted the pick-up van, the driver and his accomplices escaped from the spot and returned after a few minutes. Rathod asked them to pay fine for violating traffic rules but they were not ready to pay and suddenly attacked on Rathod with knife.Soon after incident, local crime branch police and other senior police reached to the spot.Rathod was injured seriously and was rushed to C J Hospital in Surendranagar. The accused managed to escape from the spot after the attack on policeman.Rathod gave the name of accused to the police and they are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14385185", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration undertakes special survey to check adulteration of milk", "text": "PANAJI: Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), Goa has started a special survey to check the adulteration in milk supply from other states to the dairies in Goa.Speaking to TOI FDA director Salim Velji said, \"FDA has started a special drive with the intention to send clear massage to milk suppliers from outside state that the adulteration in milk will not be tolerated and allowed to supply to the dairies in the state of Goa\".FDA on Friday conducted the special survey on the quality of milk brought to Goa by milk tankers from neighbouring states and which are being supplied to the various dairies in the state.Velji said that FDA has detained three milk tankers namely Siddhart Milk Dairy, Ankalkhope milk tanker with 8100 liters of milk, Yashwant Dugdh Prakaiya Ltd, Sangli tanker with 13,000 liter of milk and Shree mahakali Milk dairy Belgaum milk tanker with 10,000 liters of milk.\"The FDA inspectors conducted spot testing on the milk available in these tankers for presence of urea, hydrogen peroxide, sugar, synthetic milk and starch and none of the above adulterants were detected, after that the milk tankers were released for distribution to the dairies in Goa\", Velji said.He also said that survey drives on the milk brought by tankers into the state shall be intensified by the FDA in the coming days to check on it quality.The FDA food safety officer Rajiv Korde and Flavia De Souza has detained the three milk tankers for tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14382062", "title": "Take steps to tackle dengue, malaria: DC", "text": "MANGALORE: Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda has directed officials of Mangalore City Corporation and the district health and family welfare department to take steps to control the spread of dengue and malaria in the city. If under-construction sites are found to be the reason for the spread of the diseases, DC directed the officials to stop the constructions work immediately.Chairing a meeting on the issue here on Saturday, the DC instructed the civic body to form teams comprising officials from its health section and the department of health and family welfare to visit every household in the city from July 1 to detect cases of the epidemics.\"The teams will collect blood samples from people where instances of malaria and dengue are found. Stress should be on educating people on the need to take preventive steps as well as to destroy potential mosquito breeding centers. Insecticide should be sprayed at all constructions sites where water stagnates. Workers in such sites should be given safe dwelling units free from mosquitoes,\" he said.Taking note of the fact that MCC does not have sufficient number of medical staff on its rolls, DC instructed district health and family welfare officer OR Srirangappa to lend the services of a competent doctor to MCC on temporary basis and vest additional responsibility of tackling the outbreak of the diseases on him.MCC commissioner Harish Kumar, district malaria officer Dr Arun, entomologist Muktha and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14379785", "title": "Modi a good PM material, is as secular as anyone: Balbir Punj", "text": "VADODARA: In charge of BJP's Gujarat affairs and Rajya Sabha MP Balbir Punj was all praise for chief minister Narendra Modi but refused to comment on whether the party would take action against former CM Keshubhai Patel , who has opened a front against Modi.Punj was in the city on Sunday to launch 'Kashmir Bachao-Loktantra Bachao' (Save Kashmir, Save democracy) agitation. \"Modi is definitely a first-class prime minister material but it is for the party to decide whether he should be projected as the next prime ministerial candidate,\" said Punj, criticizing opponents who have questioned Modi's secular credentials.\"Modi is as secular as anyone can be. We have not outsourced the responsibility of declaring and defining, who is secular and who is not in our party,\" he said, opining that he does not foresee a split in NDA.\"When Atalji (former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ) returned to power after the 13 days government could not survive, as many as 24 parties joined us to form NDA government. This included even those parties who were terming both BJP and Atalji as communal. In politics, future is pregnant with all possibilities,\" he said.Punj, however, avoided commenting on Keshubhai and other dissident leaders of the party who have been criticizing Modi's style of functioning.\"Party takes decision whenever it is required,\" he told media persons here but refused to elaborate on what kind of decision the party was considering against Keshubhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14380956", "title": "Plans afoot to revive grandeur of Ganga", "text": "On its 2,525km journey from Gomukh to Bay of Bengal , the Ganga, which is supposed to be the lifeline of the millions of people, seems to have lost its way near Patna. People residing on the bank of the Ganga around Digha and Bansghat areas in the city see the river on the horizon. It has shifted its course away from the city by more than three kms in the last three decades.The river stretch once used for passenger ships cruising from Mahendru Ghat to Pahlezaghat, Hajipur, has turned into farm lands. The dry bed of the Ganga is also being used as a playground by the cricket lovers. Almost all the ghats are stinking, littered with heaps of garbage and sewage all around.But, thanks to the recent initiative taken by the Nitish Kumar government, the neglected and unused portion of the Ganga is likely to be developed into a world city soon. The change in the course of the river at various points has ended up facilitating the long-awaited and much needed Ganga beautification drive as the government is keen on using the reclaimed land for the purpose. Some concrete plans are afoot to beautify the entire stretch of the Ganga, in and around Patna, and also to minimize the pollution of the river water by checking indiscriminate discharge of sewage water into the river.Quite recently, Hafeez Contractor, one of India's best known architects, submitted to the state government his plan to develop a world city alongside the river Ganga here, on the lines of Dubai, that will boast of eco-friendly buildings and water sports facilities. The plan, highly appreciated by chief minister Nitish Kumar, envisages a new city spread over an area of 1,700 acres. This would include residential, commercial and entertainment centres on 300 acres, while 350 acres would be developed as green fields. A park on the lines of New York Park would be developed on 600 acres. Other facilities like seven-star hotels, malls and shopping centres, schools, hospitals, health clubs, meditation centres, art galleries, convention centres and sports centres would also be created in the planned city.Urban development minister Prem Kumar told TOI that Contractor's proposal is under active consideration of the state government, but a final decision in the matter is yet to be taken. For making Ganga pollution free, the state government would set up sewage treatment plants along its banks from Buxar to Bhagalpur.The state government has sanctioned plans for sewage treatment plants (STPs) at Patna, Buxar, Hajipur, Munger and Begusarai, the minister said and added that officials concerned had been directed to prepare detailed project reports for the rest 21 towns located on the banks of Ganga. The sewerage network and sewerage treatment plants (STPs) at Patna are to be constructed under the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) at an estimated cost of Rs 330 crore. The sewerage network and the STPs would clean the sewerage water of these towns and the treated water of designated standards would be discharged into Ganga, said an official of the state urban and housing department.The current sewage network and the STPs at Patna are insufficient to cater to the requirements of the city. Patna, presently, generates around 350 million litres per day (MLD) of sewerage, which gets treated at four STPs, which have a combined capacity of only 109 MLD. The STP at Saidpur has a capacity to treat 45 MLD, another at Beur can treat 35 MLD, the STP at Pahadi has a capacity of 25 MLD while the Karmalichak plant has a capacity of 4 MLD only. The rest goes into the river untreated.As about 29 drains in the state capital discharge 350 million litres of sewage into the Ganges every day, the river's water has become highly contaminated. It has been declared unfit for drinking and even for a holy dip. Samples of water tested in different laboratories have revealed a high presence of Cauliform bacteria. \"The water is untreated and garbage is dumped into the river contributing to the growth of this bacteria,\" said environmentalist Mehta Nagendra Singh.The Union government has sanctioned Rs 440 crore for development of the drainage system in four cities of Bihar \u2014Begusarai, Buxar, Hajipur and Munger. Besides, 19 cities and towns on the banks of Ganga in Bihar will be developed. For this, the Union government has sanctioned Rs 3,100 crore. The project would be funded by World Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379503", "title": "Babus a bane for common man, show files at UP Lokayukta office", "text": "LUCKNOW: Common people get a raw deal at the hands of government officials. A clear indication of this is the number of complaints lodged with UP Lokayukta. Going by the complaints it appears that government representatives at the local level, nagar or gram panchayat, municipality or civil supplies department are fleecing commoners.While complaints made against ministers with the Lokayukta make headlines, facts and figures show the common man is more troubled because of government babus. Of 5,691 complaints received by UP Lokayukta office in 2011, at least 80% were against gram pradhans, municipality officers, BSAs, DIOS, CDOs, clerks, ARTOs, officers from youth welfare and sports, government schools principals, engineers and junior engineers of rural engineering services and irrigation department, revenue officers, officers of civil supplies department, programme officers, mining officers and nagar panchayat officers.The figures could be more since UP Lokayukta does not have any regional centre and all complaints are lodged at the Lucknow office. So, this might be depriving several people to lodge complaints due to their inability to come to the city to file complaints.\"We have sent a proposal to the government asking for decentralisation and setting up of regional centres. Once it is done, number of complaints against government officers might shoot up,\" said Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra. These are the officers who have a direct public interface and that increases instances of corruption and harassment, he said.Worse, while many ministers have been stripped of their portfolios as punishment, the status of the action taken against government officers is not known. Reason being the tedious and complicated process of service rules that act as a shield for such babus. Since the disciplinary inquiries against these officers are conducted by senior government officials of their department, they do not guarantee a fair outcome in most of the cases.Lokayukta has become more of a grievance redressal mechanism for people. \"In some cases, after the redressal, complaints were disposed of and cases closed,\" said Lokayukta.There are at least 14 complaints where reports were sent but nothing is known about the action taken on them. The annual report for 2011 compiled by the UP Lokayukta office and sent to the governor shows that 531 complaints were pending till December 31, 2011. There are hardly complaints against Group-D government staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14381395", "title": "Kerala State Road Transport Corporation to launch Nalambalam service", "text": "THRISSUR: With the beginning of the Malayalam month of Karkidakam (July 16), the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is all set to launch a Nalambalam special service, connecting the Sree Rama Swamy temple at Triprayar, Bharata temple at Koodalmanikyam in Irinjalakuda, Sree Lakshmana Perumal temple at Moozhikulam and Sathrughna Swamy temple at Payammal - all within 35km radius in Thrissur district.T N Prathapan MLA told TOI said the pilgrim service was mooted owing to great demand from devotees. \"Of late, there has been an increase in the number of pilgrims visiting these temples. Many depend on private pilgrim tour operators or spend a huge amount to cover all the four temples in the season. The KSRTC Nalambalam service will be beneficial to both the devotees and the KSRTC,\" he said.Prathapan said the service has already been sanctioned by the transport authorities. KSRTC zonal officer (Thrissur) Easter Yashica told TOI that the Thrissur zone had requested the higher authorities to permit 255 new services in the zone and the Nalambalam service is one among them. \"A final decision on the timing of the route will be taken at the earliest,\" he said.Triprayar temple manager Kashinathan told TOI that the KSRTC service was a welcome move. \"During the Karkidakam month, at least 80,000 devotees visit the temple everyday. The Nalambalam visit starts from our temple. If the KSRTC authorities are able to arrange maximum services and connection services, it will be helpful for the devotees,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14380590", "title": "Did water mafia build the death trap for 4-year-old?", "text": "GURGAON: In a very clear sense, Mahi's death is directly the result of water scarcity in the region. The scarcity is exploited to great profit by the water mafia. Most of the demand of water tankers is met through extracting groundwater illegally in the villages across the district. The business literally leaves gaping death traps on earth.A Kasan villager, Shri Bhagwanji, said there were a number of abandoned wells in the area. \"The water mafia digs up wells and when they find that there is no water after 60 feet, they abort work and start digging elsewhere. And in their hurry, they leave the wells uncovered.\"Sukhwinder Singh, a resident of Palam Vihar, said, \"It is common knowledge that illegal borewell digging is done with the collusion of officials. The administration can surely see water tankers plying in the city and the suburbs. They never stop and question them.\"Villages such as in Kasan, where the mishap occurred, are greatly dependent on borewells for their daily water supply. To add to this, the growth in the migrant population have pushed the demand for basic infrastructure in illegal colonies across the district.Though officials concerned had submitted affidavits to the deputy commissioner's office last year to assure that the problem of illegal boring and abandoned wells was well within control, incidents like these raise questions on their credibility.But the administration stoutly defends. \"We have taken action against 500 illegally dug borewell owners/operators in the past one year. In the latest case, the problem was that it was dug barely a fortnight ago and no one from the 80 families living in the vicinity bothered to inform us. We receive calls on a regular basis on such violations and after taking action against defaulters call the complainants back to ask if they found the work satisfactory or not,\" deputy commissioner P C Meena said.Vivek Kamboj, founder of the NGO, Haryali, said: \"The private tanker mafia is having a free run, without any intervention by the district administration.\" Against the usual rate of up to Rs 1,000 for a tanker, prices have shot up by nearly Rs 500 to Rs 1,000. A tanker is now available for Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000.On an average, 500 to 600 water tankers are plying in the city making an average of 12 trips per day. With Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 per tanker, the mafia makes a business of not less than Rs 90 lakh per day, and over Rs 27 crore a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "14379231", "title": "Solapur doctors paid midwife to bury foetus: Cops", "text": "SOLAPUR: A doctor couple from Solapur is making frantic attempts to evade arrest after a midwife working in their hospital was caught burying a female foetus in a crematorium on Thursday.The midwife, Lalita Kamble, has opened a Pandora's box by confessing that she has buried six more foetuses which were aborted at the hospital run by Ajit and Priyadrashini Upase in Solapur. The post-mortem report too has confirmed that it was an 18-week-old female foetus.Police inspector Y B Shirke of Jodbhavi Peth police chowky said the doctor couple, made co-accused in the case, have applied for anticipatory bail before the district sessions court.On June 21, BJP corporator Suvarna Hiremath and her husband spotted Lalita Kamble walking uncomfortably with a bag. Suspecting foul play, they followed Kamble till the burial ground. They immediately called the police and held up Kamble till the cops arrived. After the police reached the spot, the crowd gathered at the place went to Upase hospital along with Kamble.\"On interrogation, Kamble revealed the name of doctor Sangita Gurav who works at Upase Hospital,\" said Shirke. Ajit and Priyadarshini Upase tried to mislead the police when questioned about Gurav's whereabouts.Gurav was arrested on Friday. She told the police that the abortion was performed on Kalpana Konda, who has three daughters. The police arrested Kalpana and her husband Kashinath on Saturday.Kamble, Gurav and the Konda couple were produced before a judicial magistrate (first class) on Saturday and remanded to police custody till June 25. \"Kamble said that she had buried six more foetuses that were aborted by the doctor couple in the recent past. She said the doctors would give her Rs 300 to 500 for burying every foetus,\" Shirke said.The arrested people have been slapped with charges of committing an act done with intent to prevent a child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth (IPC section 315), concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body (IPC section 318), causing disappearance of evidence of offence, or giving false information to screen offender (IPC section 201), criminal breach of trust (IPC section 405) and making a false document (IPC section 464).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14381324", "title": "Treated canal water running into sewer drains exchequer of Rs 8 lakh a month", "text": "JALANDHAR: It is a twin tragedy. The water of this canal is treated after spending around Rs 8 lakh a month. Instead of using it, the cleaned water is released into the polluted Jamsher drain that flows into river Sutlej.The Sewerage Treatment Plant (STP) of Jalandhar Municipal Corporation cleans 125 MLD of the canal water in a day and water flows out of it like a distributary. However, after crossing the road this clean water mixes into the drain.Report of the tests conducted by the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) in June has revealed that the treated water meets the prescribed parameters for human consumption.\"The quality of treated water is excellent with BOD (biological oxygen demand) just 18 against the prescribed upper limit of 30. The entire treated water can be used for irrigation by providing a pipe line,\" said a senior official of PPCB.Enquiries from Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board (PWSSB) have revealed that around Rs 8 lakh was incurred on cleaning the water. \"If cost of running the pumps etc is included then the wastage of water would cost around Rs 25 lakh,\" said a PWSSB official.\"If farmers of the neighbouring villages are given this treated water, it will bring them economic benefit. They would save the cost and power on running of the tubewells,\" said Gian Chand, a farmer, who has been cultivating land in Pholriwal village and now in Munpur. \"The farmers would be happy to get this water. Throwing treated water in a polluted drain was rendering the entire exercise of STP useless,\" he said.\"It is criminal to throw clean water in polluted water. Providing clean water for irrigation would help recharge the underground water table. Treated water of all the STPs in the state should be used for irrigation with strict monitoring if it was meeting the parameters,\" said environmentalist and PPCB member Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal. He said that they had already demonstrated the model of using treated water for irrigation in Dasuya, Sultanpur Lodhi and Kapurthala.Baba Seechewal suggested that government can take the initiative of laying a pipeline for the purpose by involving farmers. \"Let government provide the pipes etc and the farmers do kar sewa to lay these,\" he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380560", "title": "Once a BJP critic, Sangma now defends party on Kandhamal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trying hard to quell the perception that he is merely acting as a puppet for BJP and AIADMK, parties whose policies he staunchly opposed once, presidential hopeful PA Sangma invoked the principle of forgiveness saying that it was the essence of Christianity.In a television interview, Sangma, who has support from BJD too apart from BJP and AIADMK, admitted that he needed a miracle to defeat Pranab Mukherjee and become president. \"Christianity is the biggest religion in the world; we don't go by small incidents here and there ... It has a big heart ,\" he said in a TV interview.Sangma was asked about the alleged anti-Christian stance of BJP and AIADMK whose leader Jayalalitha had enacted the anti-conversion law apparently to please the Sangh Parivar but later withdrew it. About the Sangh's alleged role in Kandhamal killings and Graham Staine's murder, Sangma said there was no proof to suggest BJP's involvement.\"Where is the proof that BJP has done it (Kandhamal killings)? Don't jump to conclusions ... Don't make such wild allegations,\" he said, adding that one should not go by the actions of individuals and a few incidents \"here and there\" didn't matter.\"Religious problems are everywhere,\" he said and cited examples of countries like the UK and the US where \"only Anglicans and non-Catholics respectively were made prime ministers\".The tribal leader denied being used a \"tool\" by BJP to win over other political allies or by Naveen Patnaik to woo 25% tribals in Orissa. \"Not at all,\" he said. \"We are all tools. You are a tool for someone. I am a tool for someone. Don't bring in these petty things.\"Despite Mukherjee being an overwhelming favourite with over 60% votes in his favour, Sangma expressed optimism. \"Politics moves very fast... This is politics. In politics anything can happen ... Things will change everyday, you just watch,\" he said, adding that he believed in miracles. He also admitted that he had sought time from West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and that he was awaiting her reply.On whether his support from BJP and AIADMK contradicted the principles for which he stood for, Sangma said, \"India is a large democracy. Congress is the largest party. BJP is the second largest party. In such huge political parties, few incidents here and there do happen, will happen. You can't judge it by that. I am standing for principles ... for democracy ... for the welfare of poor people. I am very clear in my conscience.\"Sangma brushed aside reports that it was \"wrong\" on his part to contest the presidential poll against odds and scoffed at suggestions that the move would end his political career. \"There is no end to a political career. I am just 65 now. I don't need to join a political party to contest... my margin never goes down, it always goes up,\" he said.He said it was not his obsession to contest for president but his right to assert. \"I am only asserting my right as a citizen of India ... as a tribal ... as a person coming from the northeastern region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380237", "title": "Class VIII girl raped, man on the run", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl was raped by her neighbour in Kanjhawala area of outer Delhi, police said. The accused is absconding. The incident took place on Friday when the girl, a Class eight student at a government school, was returning home after meeting her friend.The accused stopped her and pulled her into his house and raped her, said the 15-year-old girl. The accused even threatened her of dire consequences if she told anyone about the incident.She later narrated the incident to her parents. They approached police and the girl was taken to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital for medical examination. Reports confirmed sexual assault, a cop said. A case of rape has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381722", "title": "TIFR Balloon Facility offers complete ballooning solutions", "text": "Nicknamed as the TIFR Balloon Facility, the Scientific Ballooning Facility at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) at ECIL, Hyderabad, offers complete solutions in scientific ballooning. The TIFR Balloon Facility was set up in 1970 in Hyderabad as the field station of TIFR, Mumbai.Scientific ballooning activity in India was initiated by the late Homi J Bhabha at TIFR, Mumbai, in the 1940s. In 1980, the facility was renamed as the TIFR National Balloon Facility with a small annual grant from the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).The facility has been used to conduct balloon flights to carry out scientific experiments in cosmic ray, X-Ray , gamma ray and infrared astronomy , star formation, ozone layer, astrobiology and atmospheric sciences. The results obtained from the launches are published as research findings in national and international scientific journals. The campus has a large circular 300m diameter launch area. The first successful balloon flight from TIFR at ECIL was in April 1959, and some flights were also made from Osmania University.R Vasudevan, scientist-incharge , TIFR Balloon Facility, says, \"We use indigenously developed polyethylene balloons that can carry heavy payloads of a few hundreds of kilograms to stratospheric altitudes of 30-42 km.\" Balloons are launched during two seasons every year when the wind is favourable. Usually, the period is from February to April and from October to December.Apparently, TIFR Hyderabad is the only major balloon facility close to the geomagnetic equator \u2014 the magnetic latitude is 8\u00b0N. The facility offers complete solutions in scientific ballooning for high altitude studies, such as, an inhouse balloon production facility, ground facilities for balloon launching and recovery operations, a control room for handling the data (telemetry) and command (telecommand) operations , and balloon tracking capabilities.A recent experiment that the Balloon Facility conducted was a collaborative effort between two educational institutes on the 'origin of man from space' that used the balloon launch as a platform for research. Vasudevan adds, \"In addition to launching balloons, we also regularly monitor and analyse local weather, which is crucial for making decisions about balloon launches.\" He also adds that at times, some people who spot air-borne balloons mistake them for UFOs.A team of experts tracks the balloons with a GPS and retrieves the apparatus after the landing. \"After the balloon lands, it has been noticed that people inadvertently tamper with the apparatus . We would like to request people to refrain from touching the apparatus as that affects the accuracy of the results,\" he adds.Given that the subject matter may seem esoteric vis-a-vis regular streams, the Balloon Facility is for those who have a strong inclination towards research.\"Students who have a strong base in fundamental physics or have an MSc in nuclear physics and would like to pursue a PhD are the ones studying at TIFR,\" adds Vasudevan. Post-PhD , candidates can teach or work in research organisations. In fact, every year, TIFR conducts an openhouse programme for students in November and December to familiarise them with scientific ballooning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14385584", "title": "Innovative courses in mass communication based on UNESCO-AMIC curriculum", "text": "MANGALORE: Nitte University's Nitte Institute of Communication(NICO) from this academic year joins exclusive club of mass communication institutes to have designed courses in line with UNESCO-AMIC model curriculum. This curriculum recommends course content across three broad axes: professional skills, reflective study of media practices, and inclusion of arts and science component to promote well-informed and socially sensitive journalists.Taking cue, Nitte University has tried to incorporate UNESCO-Asian Media Information and Communication Centre (AMIC), Singapore's model curriculum by providing depth and focus to its mass communication curricula along three recommended axes. It has included modules on development, contemporary history, globalization, cultural studies, Indian society and politics besides strengthening practice of journalism with modules on specialised reporting.Nitte is offering five programs at its Panir campus here: BA (Journalism and mass communication), MA (Journalism and Mass Communication), MA (Media production and integrated marketing communication), MA (Media management and entertainment) and post-graduate diploma in Mass Communication. NICO is also putting together an audio-visual studio that will be fully high-definition, operating in a tapeless environment.Students can take up news, features, documentaries and other electronic field production or produce multi-camera shows and short films. Campus provides right ambience for creative and analytical work. Ramps have been built to help physically handicapped share learning environment with other students and who will have equal access to class room, library and labs. Applications for admissions are available for download on www.nitte.edu.in/nico", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380157", "title": "A civic fillip: Sankey Park walkers to trek the e-path", "text": "BANGALORE: For residents of Malleswaram, Vyalikaval and Sadashivnagar, Sankey Tank is more than just a lake.It is not only a walkers' paradise \u2014 an oasis in a city devoid of free spaces \u2014 but also the fount of many a civic initiative. So when the Sankey Park Walkers' Association celebrated its annual day on Sunday, there was more to the occasion: the association launched a website, sankeypark.org, to step up its civic endeavours.\"Residents of the area can air their suggestions and grievances online, and we will push the government departments concerned to take action as soon as possible,\" said Vinod Kumar, vice-president of Sankey Park Walker's Association. Residents can also do the same by calling 9916103103.Sankey Tank, which sees hundreds of people every day, is set to have CCTVs installed on its premises. \"We have had several cases of suicide and found couples indulging in 'indecent' behaviour.This is a huge menace for familes frequenting the tank,\" said Vinod. \"Hope the technology will curb these menace,\" he said.Residents voiced concern over fresh threats faced by the water body. Sashidhar Ramakrishnan, a Malleswaram 17th Cross resident who has been visiting the tank daily for the last few years, said: \"I see a lot of people throw plastic bottles, wrapped with strings and vermilion, as many believe throwing leftovers from rituals into the tank is a holy act. People have to understand that keeping the tank clean is a must as it's a source of fresh water for several areas as well as a space where many come to connect with nature.\"Hundreds of regulars turned up for the celebrations; awards were presented to winners of competitions organized on World Environment Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14381132", "title": "Invoke SC/ST Act on dalit woman's killers: Activists", "text": "MADURAI: Even though police arrested all the accused involved in the murder of Venda (55), a dalit woman, on June 16 in the Chembarambakkam village of Kancheepuram district, the decision taken by the police not to register the case under the SC/ST (prevention of atrocity) Act, 1989, has irked activists and NGOs in the area.A member in the fact-finding team of Evidence, an NGO based in Madurai who visited the village said, \"The police told us the accused were dalits and that is why they didn't register the case under the SC/ST Act. But an investigation revealed that the main accused were non-dalits. We fail to understand why they have not been booked under the SC/ST Act.\"According to the victim's relative Khushbu, Venda was attacked by a group which included Kanniappan (55), his son Pugalendhi (21), Mohan (32), Karthik (28) and four others. \"It was Mohan who attacked her with a crowbar,\" said Khushbu. Venda succumbed to her injuries at the hospital on 18th June. The Baluchettychathiram police registered the case (Cr.No.380/2012) under section 294(b), 324, 307, 302 of Indian Penal Code and section 4 of the Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Harassment of Women Act 1988. On June 21, the accused Kanniappan, Pugalendhi, Mohan and Karthik were remanded in judicial custody. \"If charged, the provisions of the SC/ST act would have ensured stringent punishment and Rs five lakh compensation to the victim's family. It is unfortunate that the accused were not charged under the SC/ST act,\" said A Kathir, director of Evidence.However, talking to TOI, C V Chandrasekaran, DSP Kancheepuram, said the allegation was false. \"We have arrested all the accused who are dalits. If that is the case, how can we book them under the SC/ST Act?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379731", "title": "Long-distance passengers hit by mega block", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides suburban passengers, those planning to board long-distance trains or arriving in Mumbai were also affected by mega blocks on Sunday. Trains like 11024 Shri Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus-Mumbai Sahyadri Express, 17032 Hyderabad-Mumbai Express and 11042 Chennai-Mumbai Express were diverted via Karjat-Panvel-Diva. \"Passengers had to get down at Diva station with their luggage and then take a Down local for Kalyan. The trains were crowded,\" said a passenger who went to Diva station to see off a relative.The CR also rescheduled some of Express trains, including 12750 LTT-Vishakapatnam Express, which left at 1pm instead of 12.25pm, 16339 Mumbai-Nagercoil Express, which left at 12.40pm instead of 12.05pm, and 17031 Mumbai-Hyderabad Express, which left at 1pm.The mega block between Nerul and Mankhurd virtually cut off the rail link between Mumbai and Navi Mumbai for five hours on Sunday and the one between Matunga and Mulund stations on the Down Fast line affected the frequency of services.A CR spokesperson said, \"We ran special trains from CST to Mankhurd and from Panvel to Thane. Harbour line passengers were permitted to travel via Trans-harbour and main line on their valid card/season tickets.\"A five-hour jumbo block on the Down locals (ie slow line) to carry out maintenance work, between Mumbai Central and Santacruz stations, also affected services.During the period, all Dn local line trains ran on the fast track and did not halt at Mahalaxmi, Elphinstone Road and Matunga Road__thereby causing inconvenience to passengers wanting to board trains from these stations. These passengers travelled in opposite directions and then switched to Down local trains. All 12-car slow trains took double halt at Lower Parel, Mahim Jn. and Khar Road stations. Due to the block, some Up and Down local trains were cancelled and this affected the frequency of WR service, passengers stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379312", "title": "Sena corporators find faults in housing scheme for poor", "text": "PUNE: Shiv Sena corporators in Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Thursday pointed out various faults in the ongoing scheme of construction of tenements for the poor and economically weaker sections by the civic body. The elected members, who conducted an inspection of the tenements at the site at Chikhli, demanded that the civic body give the houses to beneficiaries at the earlier promised price of Rs 1.5 lakh each.The PCMC is constructing a total of 6,720 flats at Chikhli in the housing schemeunder the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Shiv Sena corporators and elected office-bearers, led by group leader Shreerang Barne, conducted a random inspection of the flats in two buildings at the construction site. The carpet area of each tenement or flatis 396 sq ft, while the built-up area is 500 sq ft. Over Rs 450 crore is being spent for the scheme.At many places, window panes were broken, while flooring of tiles was found to be uneven. The party workers also found faults in kitchen 'otas' and use of steel rods for construction, and use of cement in ceilings.Corporator Nilesh Barne pointed out that the curing was not done properly at the terrace wall. Corporator Seema Savale pointed out that the rooms are too small, especially the toilet and bathrooms. Sarang Kamthekar, president, state unit of Vidyarthi Sena, pointed out that the finishing for the doors and the walls are not properly made.Barne charged that the construction of the tenements is of inferior quality and the beneficiaries will have to spend a large amount on repairs after they start staying in these flats. \"The civic body has increased the beneficiary cost of the flat from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 3.76 lakh only for the benefit of the contractors. The scheme has been a success only for the contractors and the ruling party,\" he said.The civic body, he said, had given the work order for construction in March 2009 and the work was to be completed in two years. Even after a delay of 15 months, the construction is incomplete. The civic body has been able to complete only 1,008 flats which is just 30% of the total work, he said.Barne also questioned the high construction cost and said the ruling NCP and Congress leaders should examine it in detail. He demanded that the flat should be provided at the earlier cost of Rs 1.5 lakh.Corporator Sulabha Ubale said, \"The civic body is providing lift service to the flats on the ground, second, fourth and sixth floors in the seven storied building, which is inappropriate. This will lead to fights between the beneficiaries over payment of lift service charges.\"Rajan Patil, joint city engineer, PCMC, when contacted about the allegations, said, \"The scheme is being implemented on a huge plot of around 60 acres. So thefts do occur. We will conduct a through checking of all the flats before taking over their possession and allotment to the beneficiaries. All the faults will be rectified. We will give a checklist to the beneficiary about the amenities while handing over possession of the flats.\"The contractor, he said, will offer free maintenance service to the beneficiaries for two years after handing over possessions. People will be deployed at the site for noting and rectifying the faults in the free service period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "14381151", "title": "9 Indian fishermen held captive by Sri Lankan navy return home", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Nine Indian fishermen from Nagapattinam, who were detained by the Sri Lankan navy were released by a court in Sri Lanka.The fishermen arrived at Mandapam coast in Rameswaram on Sunday morning. The fishermen alleged torture at the hands of the Lankan navy personnel. \"The Lankan navy men also seized our catch worth Rs one lakh,\" said one of the fishermen after landing at Mandapam coast guard camp.The nine fishermen, hailing from Akkaraipettai coastal hamlet in Nagapattinam district left the coast on June 16 and were fishing in the mid-sea off Point Calimere coast three days later when they were detained by the island navy allegedly after they crossed the international maritime boundary line (IMBL) and entered the Sri Lankan waters.The fishermen in Nagapattinam condemned the arrest of the fishermen and staged a protest. They also stayed off the sea declaring that they would venture for fishing only after the detained men were released. The Tamil Nadu government also condemned that detention and urged the Centre to prevail upon Sri Lankan to release the fishermen.The nine fishermen were produced before the court in Kangesanthurai that released all of them on June 21. The fishermen were escorted by the Lankan navy on Saturday till the IMBL and handed over to the Indian Coast Guard that brought them to Mandapam. The fishermen alleged that the Lankan naval personnel tortured and threatened them not to reveal about their alleged atrocities to the Sri Lankan court or Indian officials.Meanwhile, four more fishermen alleged on Sunday that Sri Lankan naval personnel attacked them in the sea. The four were among 3,000-odd fishermen who had ventured into the sea on Saturday night from Rameswaram. The four fishermen in a boat were fishing in the proximity of Katchatheevu islet when a Sri Lankan vessel approached them. The four fishermen had complained to the fishery department officials that the naval personnel assaulted them with nylon ropes and chased them away.They also took away the fish catch from various boats. The fishermen were warned that they would be imprisoned for life if they entered the Sri Lankan territory, officials quoting the fishermen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381651", "title": "More to college life", "text": "Delhi University aspirants who will join the new session beginning on July 23, besides academics, will have a good number of activities and clubs to associate with. Most colleges have societies for theatre, debating, music, dance, photography, social services and environment clubs, among others. For students applying to DU colleges through the extra-curricular activities (ECA) quota, the competition is tougher with only 15% relaxation on the cut-off percentage. Most colleges are over with the process of receiving applications under the ECA category, the trials for which will begin in the first week of July, with the exception of a few colleges , including Hansraj, Gargi and Kamla Nehru. These colleges will begin trials from June 29.According to Pradyumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College , \"About 800 applications were received under the ECA category this year for 39 seats in total for both sports and extra-curricular activities. The college has a number of societies for various activities. Last year, a society for students from the northeast was set up, which has now become popular.\"Apart from this, the college has introduced an add-on course from the new academic session in actuarial sciences . Last year, they had introduced certificate courses in four foreign languages \u2014 French, German, Spanish and Russian. \"Actuarial sciences is an emerging area within the insurance industry. A certificate course in the subject will help students enhance their skills. As to foreign languages, the certificates for French, German and Spanish languages have an international touch as they are run in collaboration with the respective governments ,\" adds Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379996", "title": "Private hospitals, clinics to stay shut today", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 25,000 doctors in the city, including private consultants, specialists and general practitioners, will stay away from work and 2,000-odd nursing homes will partially function on Monday when the medical fraternity will come together to protest against two central bills, that will reportedly curb their rights. But doctors said public hospitals would function and emergency cases would be attended to in nursing homes and private hospitals.This is part of a national protest being staged against the proposed National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011 and the Clinical Establishments Act, 2010, which aim at streamlining medical bodies, besides bringing in standardization and implementation of stringent patient safety norms for medical establishments. While the Centre has granted a nod, city doctors plan to pursue the government to ignore it at the state level.With all doctors' associations like General Practioners Association, Association of Medical Consultants and Indian Dental Association,gathering under the banner of Indian Medical Association (IMA) for the agitation, Dr Shivkumar Utture of Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) called it the first unified movement. \"The community is protesting against the draconian rules that the government is trying to impose. Some rules are impractical and will push up medical costs,\" he said.IMA's state secretary Dr Jayesh Lele cited the example of a clause under the Clinical Establishments Act that states that every nursing home has to have a dispensary spread over 400 sq ft. \"For a city like Mumbai, it is impractical,\" he said, adding the Centre was also looking at diluting powers of MCI , Dental Council and Nursing Council. \"It is an attempt to rob the medical institutions of their identity,\" said Lele, adding punishing errant doctors will be challenging in the absence of such bodies.Even as they remained firm about the strike, doctors assured that follow-up and emergency cases would not be turned away. Though no new patient will be admitted to nursing homes on Monday, those undergoing treatment will not be neglected. Big private hospitals said they will also not be affected much as their consultants must not have scheduled any surgery for the day. Nanavati Hospital medical superintendent Dr Ashok Hatolkar said, \"They are consultants and can stay away from work.\"Medical director of Jaslok Hospital S K Mohanty said daily services were mostly handled by resident doctors. \"Our consultants did not tell us that they were striking work but resident doctors will take care of patients,\" he said. The Lilavati spokesperson said routine activities would remain unaffected.What the Clinical Establishment Act, 2010 demands?Every clinical establishment:Shall display the treatment rates at prominent place in the local dialect and as well as in English.Establish mechanisms for reviews as well as prescription audits every 3 months to ensure rational practice and quality serviceShall carry out audit to assess the cause of death including treatments given to explore preventive strategiesShall maintain medical records of patients, health information and statistics for national programmes and furnish it quarterly.Shall preserve copies of all patient records for at least 3 or 5 years, and maintain electronic recordsShall charge patients for each type of procedure and service within the range of rates notified by centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14379869", "title": "Four from Kalyan die after their SUV hits truck", "text": "KALYAN: Four pilgrims from Kalyan city died and four others were injured when the vehicle in which they were travelling collided with a stationary truck at Sirval village near Khandala in Satara district on Sunday morning. They were heading to Samarth Ramdas Math situated near Sajjangad in Satara.The driver of the SUV, Abhishek Matkare (23), escaped unhurt and has been arrested by Khandala police for negligent and rash driving. The accident occurred when the driver failed to spot the truck, the police said.The deceased are Baliram Patil (60), his brother Ankush Patil (59), Sonu Dhalawale (64) and his wife Heerabai Dhalawale (60). Those injured are Baliram's wife Sandu (56), Ankush's wife Pushpa (54), and their two neighbours, Vanita Dandhare and her daughter Deepali (18).All the victims are residents of Waldhuni in Kalyan. On Saturday night, around 11 pm, they left on a two-day pilgrimage to different temples and religious places across the state. They were to first visit the Samarth Ramdas Math.On Sunday, around 4.45am, the driver of their vehicle rammed the truck, the police said.Khandala police said that four persons, who were seated on left side of the vehicle, died on the spot. The injured are recuperating at Shirvada private hospital in Khandala. Three of them are seriously injured and said to be critical. The truck driver sustained minor injuries.Ankush worked in the railway locomotive shed at Kalyan, while their neighbour Heerabai worked in Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation as a clerk. Her husband Sonu was a retired army officer. The relatives of the deceased later brought the bodies of their to Kalyan for the last rites. Heerabai's son Kailash said, \"Just two three days ago, my neighbour Ankush had planned the trip and asked my parents and another neighbour to go along with them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14385315", "title": "Shinde deposes before Adarsh panel", "text": "MUMBAI: Union power minister and former Maharashtra chief minister Sushil Kumar Shinde deposed before the Adarsh Commission here on Monday in connection with the Adarsh housing society scam.Shinde was the chief minister of Maharashtra from 2001 to 2003 when he cleared many files including allotment of land to Adarsh.The two-member Adarsh Commission probing the Adarsh society scam had issued notice to Shinde on June 23 to appear before it today as a witness in the case.Former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Ashok Chavan are scheduled to appear as witness on June 27 and June 30, respectively, before the Commission.Earlier, Aditya Patil, who told the commission that he was nephew of Cabinet minister Jayant Patil deposed before the commission on Saturday.He told the commission that former MLC and an accused Kanhaiyalal Gidwani had helped him get a flat in the society.The scam pertains to alleged irregularities in construction and allotment of apartments in the 32-storey high rise, originally meant for families of Kargil war heroes, in the upmarket Colaba area in south Mumbai.The Bombay high court is monitoring the probe being conducted by CBI, enforcement directorate and income tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385381", "title": "Kee teams up with Tigerstyle for Dil Lagda Nai", "text": "Kee is back with her first single from her forthcoming album Dil Lagda Nai. The single is a total new sound for Kee and fit's in to today's music with an edgy Dubstep and Punjabi fusion. Once again Kee will be singing in Punjabi for a dance floor club anthem!The music is produced by the world renowned Tigerstyle who are also very excited to be a part of this project. Pure energy from start to finish. You've heard Kee on the radio and iPod , now it's time to hear her in the clubs!!\" says Raj,TigerstyleThe track is written by the famous lyricist Bittu Denowalia who recently wrote hit single 'Dil Mera' sung by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan by Panjabi Hit Squad and also British theatrical play Britain's got Bhangra.Kee who has recently shed 15 kilos and working hard on her new look says \"I'm so excited about this release and blessed to have had the wonderful opportunity in working with the mega talented duo TIGERSTYLE. 'Dil Lagda Nai' definitely showcases a flavour of what to expect from the album. My vocals and vibe on this track are again very different to anything you have heard before. The music is amazing! I'm ready to blow up your speakers with this Summer Anthem.... get ready!Dil Lagda Nai will be the first single to feature on KEE's debut album which is set to release end of 2012 featuring music producers and collaborations from across the globe. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381432", "title": "More than 11 lakh voters to decide candidates' fate", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 11.69 lakh voters will cast their vote in the local bodies election to be held in Allahabad district on June 27. Out of the total voters, more than 10 lakh voters will cast vote for Allahabad Municipal Corporation while the remaining will vote for nine nagar panchayats of the district. The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the elections.The district has 6,62,950 male voters and 5,06,544 female voters. The total number of voters in nagar panchayat of Gopalganj is 22,974, Jhunsi nagar panchayat has 7,893, Phulpur nagar panchayat 20,755 Shankargarh nagar panchayat 12,247, Handia nagar panchyat 15,988, Koraon nagar panchayat is 9054, Bharatganj nagar panchayat 14,209, Mauaima nagar panchayat 14,628 and Sirsa nagar panchayat 10,331.District magistrate Anil Kumar said there are 286 polling centres and 1,261 polling booths. The number of sensitive polling centres is 67 while that of hyper sensitive polling centres is 68. The number of zonal magistrates is 22 while the number of sector magistrates is about 45.The security system has also been strengthened in view of the local bodies election. About 3947 home guards, 2701 constables, 124 head constables and 347 sub-inspectors has been assigned duty on the election day. In addition to this, 10 companies of PAC would also be deployed. During the election day, about 7465 polling personnel would discharge their duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379108", "title": "Sahara to build India Centre in UK", "text": "MUMBAI: Lucknow-based diversified conglomerate Sahara Group has decided to build an India Centre in Olympic University.In a first-of-its-kind initiative between a university and a business house, the media-to-real estate group, which also co-owns a Formula One team, will build the India Centre over four acres in East London, said a person familiar with the development.\"The matter was discussed and shaped during a meeting between Sahara Group chairman Subrata Roy and UK Prime Minister David Cameron in London,\" said the source quoted earlier, adding that the British Prime Minister welcomed the move and stated that it would be the only kind of its endeavour anywhere in the world.Roy and Cameron are said to have discussed various business opportunities for his group in the UK.Roy's proposal for creating a think tank within UK to explore unique and hidden business opportunities and portray it to the world was deeply appreciated by the Prime Minister with a promise to support the initiative, said a Sahara statement on Sunday evening.The statement added that the initiative would also lead in creating a roundtable think tank platform in India as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385920", "title": "Mittran De Naa Karde releases in July", "text": "After the success of 'Dil Dhak Dhak Sohniye', Tarli Digital presents fans with a second single 'Mittran De Naa Karde' taken from his 4th studio album DigiTaal. Out on the 4th July, it's a slab of infectious, upbeat, and straight down the line bhangra, complete with the dulcet tones of Dalvinder Singh and accompanied by the inimitable Johnny Kalsi with the internationally renowned Dhol Foundation.The uplifting bhangra single plays homage to Tarli's love of Panjabi music, bhangra and culture. Lyrics written by Happy Bains,this up-tempo party and dance inducing new single, is a sure fire traditional throwback and is out in perfect time for the summer season.Having been asked to recently speak on a panel alongside Harry Matharu and Sarbjit Cheema about 'Global Bhangra' at Vancouver's 'VIBC / HSBC City Of Bhangra Festival', Tarli's impressive encyclopaedic knowledge of bhangra music saw his opinion pertaining to the growth of the industry and celebrating its success.Tarli explains, \"Being asked to attend and participate at the VIBC City of Bhangra festival in Vancouver was a career highlight, the opportunity to share the stage with Bhangra artists and teams from across the globe was an inspiring experience. It's evident that Bhangra is finally being identified as an independent genre and that non Asians are appreciating the cultural values it portrays, whilst integrating and merging with other cosmopolitan genres such as HipHop RnB and Dance music.\"'MDNK' is taken from the inventively titled forthcoming #DigiTaal which is presented by Organised Rhyme. The new album packs 11 immersive tracks which when put side-by-side, react in a way that stirs the senses and makes for an eclectic listening experience. Expect persuasive percussion, svelte string pieces and heady rhythms led by catchy compositions, which are countered delicately by vivid lyrical content and an inspired presence of mind to make DigiTaal a remarkably well-rounded album accommodating for many an ear.Out on the 20th July, DigiTaal features the legend that is Rahat Fateh Ali Khan in Panjabi, Dalvinder Singh, Des-C , Balwinder Safri, Angrej Ali, Nishawn Bhullar and others.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14379424", "title": "Home ministry's opinion vital in presidential pardon", "text": "Is the presidential pardon unique to India?Recorded history shows that in nearly all civilizations the leader had the power to punish or remit. Even in the modern world the highest authority \u2014 the president, the monarch or the religious leader (Iran etc.) has the power of pardon or forgiveness of a crime. Today, pardon is generally used as the umbrella term for other related procedures. Pardon includes complete forgiveness, commutation or lessening of the penalty and reprieve or temporary postponement of punishment. Unlike in the past, the power to pardon now vests in most cases with a body or institution rather than individuals. So a president or even a monarch doesn't normally have the authority to forgive criminals on personal discretion. Unlike in India, where a presidential term sees a handful of pardon cases, American presidents have always been generous in using this privilege. A typical US president grants several pardons which include some of the extremely controversial cases. For instance Gerald Ford, granted pardon to Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton pardoned Marc Rich who was accused of evading millions in taxes.Which article of our constitution empowers the president to grant pardon?Article 72 of our constitution empowers the President to grant pardons and to suspend, remit or commute sentences in certain cases. The governors also have a similar power granted under article 161 of the constitution. However, this power is not vested with individuals. The president is bound to follow the advice of the council of ministers. In deciding mercy petitions, the recommendation of the ministry of home affairs (MHA) is viewed as the opinion of the council of ministers. The president and the governors can not overrule the ministry's advice.Can the president delay his/her judgment on mercy petitions?Article 72 does not mention any time limitation for consideration of mercy petitions. Technically, the president can sit over the petition for his/her entire term. In response to a notice by the Madras high court in the case of Murugan, Santhan and Perarivalan, who were sentenced to death for Rajiv Gandhi's assassination, the government stated that there is no prescribed time limit for mercy petitions and hence the president cannot be forced to speed up the process. Apart from this, there is no sequential provision in deciding clemency petitions and hence the commonly used reference in which petitioners are numbered like 21st or 22nd in waiting is wrong.Does the decision on mercy petition then depend only on executive discretion?No, it is well settled that the power of the president and governors to pardon is not immune to judicial review. Time and again, the judiciary has challenged these decisions. Judicial review in such cases cannot be seen as disrespect to the country's highest office as it is established that the president can only act on the advice of the council of ministers. Through various judgments, the Supreme Court has observed that the orders can be impugned if they have been passed without application of mind, an order is mala fide, has been passed on extraneous and irrelevant considerations, the relevant matter is not considered or suffers from arbitrariness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385986", "title": "Don't look for logic in films: Puri", "text": "\"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" is surely not one of the most talked-about projects in Tollywood and Puri Jagannath is also tightlipped when it comes to talking about movie. But if you ask the director about the content of the film, he says that these days people are trying to look for logic for characters and their behaviors in the film and it's tough for the filmmakers to justify.To further elucidate, Puri Jagannath gave the reference of the film \"Yama Leela\", in which Chitragupta (Brahmi) accidentally drops a book \"Diva Rahasyam\". And fearing punishment at the hands of Indra, Yama (Satyanarayana) and Chitragupta decide to descend on earth in search of the book. \"When the book was dropped no body commented on that and I want you to watch Devudu Chesina Manushulu in the same spirit\", said Puri Jagannath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379444", "title": "Cancel rotary traffic plan at Shivajinagar, demand activists", "text": "PUNE: City-based activists have demanded that the newly introduced rotary traffic plan in the Shivajinagar area be cancelled.A press statement issued by the Sajag Nagarik Manch (SNM) and the PMP Pravasi Manch said that the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) commuters are suffering due to this new traffic plan.\"The new rotary plan banning a left turn at the SG Barve chowk to the Pune Municipal Corporation building and Swargate has affected schedules of the PMPML,\" said activist Jugal Rathi of the PMP Pravasi Manch. \"It is causing inconvenience to commuters.\"\"The change in the traffic plan is forcing people to travel longer distances, which takes more time and also increases the travelling cost. Also, it will turn out to be more expensive for the PMPML in the long run, because covering longer distances means extra fuel consumption and extra costs incurred,\" said Vivek Velankar of the SNM.Moreover, he said that the changed routes give a miss to the bus stop at SSPMS/ Shivaji statue thus affecting school students who primarily use this bus stop.He said that schedules of buses coming from NaTa Wadi, Pune University, Sangvi, Pashan, Baner, Sutarwadi, Paud Road and other areas are also taking a hit.\"The one-way traffic decision at JM Road and FC Road has made commuters face great hardships and pedestrians, cyclists, elders and students have been on the receiving end. It has also led to accidents due to speeding vehicles,\" they said, adding: \"Such decisions seem to benefit only four-wheelers. The decision of rotary traffic should be changed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14380186", "title": "Noida builders get payment notice", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has issued notices to 44 developers for defaulting in payments due in lieu of land allotted to them for construction of group housing societies. Earlier, the Authority had sent several reminders to the builders, but after not receiving a positive response the notices were issued. Officials have set the deadline of June 30 to deposit the dues and, if they do not follow the instruction, then the Authority may cancel the lease deeds.This move of the Authority may hit homebuyers hard as they may not be able to get their homes in time if work is stopped or lease deeds are cancelled. The dues are to the tune of Rs 1,407.89 crore.Officials said developers only pay a certain percentage of the price of the plots allotted to them and the remainder has to be paid in installments along with interest. Senior finance and accounts officer, VK Jain, said, \"As per norms, plot owners have to pay 11% interest, but if they default a penalty is charged and the rate is hiked to 14%.\"\"The builders have repeatedly ignored our reminder letters. We have now decided to take stringent action against them,\" said a senior Authority official.The builders who have defaulted in payment include those who were allotted plots in Sectors 44, 45, 46, 50, 61, 74, 76, 77, 78, 93B, 107, 113, 115, 117, 118, 119, 120, 121, 137, 143, 143B, 168 and 144 in Noida. The developers include well-known ones like Gardenia AIMS, Omaxe Buildwell, Ajnara India, Antriksh, Skytech, Amrapali, Unitech , Ambience Projects and Infrastructure, Imperial Housing Venture, Logix Infrastructure, Sikka Infrastructures, Three C Estate, Opulent Infradevelopers, Paras Seasons Haven, Sethi group, among others. TOI has a copy of the notice that has been issued by the Authority.Noida Authority GM (group housing), DB Malik, said the developers were sent notices after the accounts department gave him a report stating despite several notices, the developers had not paid their dues. \"We had given them ample time to pay their dues, but they did not heed out earlier correspondence,\" said Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14381525", "title": "Floods affect over 20 villages in Jorhat dist", "text": "JORHAT: The rising water of Bhogdoi River submerged over 20 villages at Jorhat west revenue circle in Jorhat district on Sunday. The flood waters washed away a river protection dyke at Nahatia area, about 17 km from Jorhat town and also submerged a vast portion of cropland.The affected villages are Timtimia, Bhakta, Roumari, Randhanijan, Kolikhuti, Hildoloni, 2no Elengmora, Borahom, Kathoni, Rongagora, Dhouakola, Gualjan and Sapekheti. A population of over 7,000 and hundreds of hectares of land has been affected by the flood.Circle officer of Jorhat west revenue circle S Gowala said, \"The floods affected some villages in the Nahatia area on Sunday morning. However, the situation is under control and no major damage has been reported so far.\"He added, \"Due to breach of a river protection dyke, the deluge entered the nearby villages damaging houses and croplands. However, the water level of the river began receding in the afternoon and the situation is expected to improve by tomorrow.\"The said dyke was also washed away by flood water last year causing a serious loss to over30 villages in the area. Due to the breach of the embankment, thousands of people of the nearby villages did not cultivate their cropland in the last season.Meanwhile, the unabated erosion of Jhanji river at Ajarguri Gohaingaon under Teok revenue circle in the district posed a serious threat to over 15 villages in the district. The river eroded almost half portion of an embankment and if it is washed away by the rising water, thousands of people will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381636", "title": "Retail real estate sector is showing positive growth", "text": "Ashwin Puri, CEO, Pioneer Property Zone talks to Aaditi Isaac on the rise of retail in real estate within the retail sector.What is retail in real estate?Retail in real estate basically focuses on development of retail assets, which begins right from land acquisition and ends with managing the property for commercial purposes, for example-a mall. In the last 10 years or so, there has been a change in the shopping culture of people. Shopping malls have evolved and have become the new destination for shopping needs. While most development till the recent past was restricted to the top seven cities in India, mall development has moved on to tier II and III cities. This sector has immense potential, which is still untapped.Why is it an upcoming area within the retail sector?As per reports, approximately fivesix per cent of the Indian retail market is organised, which is minute as compared to western economies where organised retail is over 80%. Analysts forecast that this sector is likely to grow at 25% per year till 2020, which indicates the large opportunity in this sector. There has also been a huge shift in the shopping patterns of people. Today, customers are looking for an overall experience and malls offer this as compared to high street shopping. In malls everything is available under the same roof and the mall has a comfortable ambience. With the growth in the sector, retailers are looking at flexible space options through which various formats can be accommodated and malls are wellplaced to cater to new retail formats. From an employment perspective, shopping malls have a significant impact and could directly and indirectly employ up to 2,000 people depending on its size, from diverse backgrounds . Job opportunities range from security to housekeeping to operations to audits to senior management roles.What skill-sets /academic qualifications do freshers require?The functional qualification required is different for various departments i.e. finance , facilities, operation and marketing and is linked to the roles to be performed. General qualities for potential employees are the right attitude, enthusiasm, maturity and desire for hard work. There are ample opportunities for growth and development and the person with the right attitude can gain significantly . A customer executive would need to have basic school education and good spoken English. Besides academic qualifications, freshers must be presentable, have good communication skills, and have the aptitude to learn and grow in this sector.For high-level management, a postgraduate degree with relevant experience is preferred. In India, resourcing for mall management and development roles is a challenge because it is a fairly recent industry. Hence, even three-five years of relevant mall management experience can make a candidate a valuable asset for a company. Also, more attention needs to be given to the training of the employees.What kind of training is given to employees?As a development and management business, internal and external training is generally given to employees. An example of the kind of training undertaken is role-play . Generally a new employee (say in operations) is assigned an existing mall for a period of three-four weeks and works alongside his counterpart in operations . During the last week of his/her training, the new employee will take over the role as the functioning manager for that week. Gap assessment exercises and external training under qualified trainers is given covering aspects such as teamwork, communication , knowledge of the mall, customer service, etc.Where are we headed in retail in real estates?The retail real estate sector is showing positive growth and with the advent of new malls coming up in tier II and tier III cities, there is a lot of opportunity . A job in retail in the real estate sector has a promising future. It is an alternate career, which has opened up for young people.What is the remuneration like?Remuneration varies according to the level and experience. While a junior customer executive could earn anywhere between Rs 200,000 and 300,000 per annum, a centre head could get anywhere between Rs 25 lakh and 40 lakh per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "live action films failed to compete with animated juggernauts 'brave' and 'madagascar 3", "code": "14386335", "title": "Disney's 'Brave' tops US weekend box office", "text": "Live action films failed to compete with animated juggernauts 'Brave' and 'Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted' at this weekend's box office.Disney/ Pixar's 'Brave' debuted in first place with 66.7 million dollars, making it the fifth best opening for Pixar , Us magazine reported.The animated flick, which features the voice talents of Kelly Macdonald , Craig Ferguson and Emma Thompson , made an additional 13.5 million dollars overseas.'Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted' fell to number 2 with 20.2 million dollars, bringing its domestic total to 157.6 million dollars.Dominic Cooper and Benjamin Walker's 'Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter' debuted in third place with 16.5 million dollars, while Charlize Theron's 'Prometheus' finished in fourth place with 10 million dollars.Theron's other film 'Snow White and the Huntsman' rounded off the top five with 8 million dollars.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:Brave - 66.7 million dollarsMadagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted - 20.2 million dollarsAbraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter - 16.5 million dollarsPrometheus - 10 million dollarsSnow White and the Huntsman - 8.012 million dollarsRock of Ages - 8 million dollarsThat's My Boy - 7.9 million dollarsThe Avengers - 7 million dollarsMen in Black 3 - 5.6 million dollarsSeeking a Friend for the End of the World - 3.8 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380422", "title": "Cop attacker convicted, but walks free", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who attacked a policeman with a blade in a court complex around four years ago has been handed a 27 month jail term by a Delhi court but walked free as this was the period he served during the trial.Metropolitan magistrate Navita Kumari said: \"As the testimonies of all the witnesses are coherent, consistent, credible, truthful and trustworthy, there is nothing on record to disbelieve their testimonies.\" The court, in a recent order, convicted Hasruddin and awarded him a jail term of two years and three months, the period spent by him in judicial custody during trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380322", "title": "Pak man held with fake currency in Walled City", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Pakistani man has been arrested by the directorate of revenue and intelligence (DRI) for smuggling fake currency of Rs 2.93 lakh face value, police said. The accused, Mohammad Tahir, is a resident of Lahore in Pakistan and had smuggled these notes via Samjhauta Express.The accused used a unique way to smuggle the counterfeit notes into the country. Tahir concealed the fake notes in the cavity of slippers, and was accompanied by his mother so that no one suspects his intention, said sources.DRI officials arrested 37-year-old Tahir from Kabootar Market in Jama Masjid area on Saturday. DRI additional director general, R K Sharma said, \"Tahir had come to Old Delhi railway station on June 22 via Attari border. He was carrying the fake currency in the bottom of 38 pairs of slippers as they all had a cavity.\"There were 189 notes of Rs 1000 denomination and 208 notes of Rs 500 denomination. The seized notes were of \"high-quality\" and difficult to distinguish from the original, said sources.Cops are now trying to identify Tahir's Pakistan-based handlers. Tahir, a native of Rampur (Uttar Pradesh), had reportedly come to India with fake currency before also. Tahir was produced in Patiala House court and sent to judicial custody.According to the recent Customs Act, Tahir would easily get bail since fake currency cases of face value of Rs 50 lakh are only counted in the cognizable categoryand a person is unlikely to get bail then. Whereas, any person caught in a case of less than Rs 50 lakh, even anti-national elements, are allowed to get bail. The court asked Tahir to deposit a surety of Rs 5 lakh, after which he would get bail.Earlier this year, Delhi Police arrested two people with the year's biggest fake currency haul. Around Rs 2.24 crore were seized in the capital, sent allegedly by Iqbal Kana from Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381869", "title": "How do policy rates impact your finances?", "text": "There was a time several years ago, when my fellow passengers in the Mumbai local trains raised an eyebrow at my reading a financial newspaper. Today, macro-economic indicators have become the subject matter of dining table conversations. Knowing that I am a teacher first, readers write to me asking for explanations. Since interest rates are in the news, I thought it may be useful to understand the debate regarding interest rate and what it means to investors.Interest rate is the price that a borrower pays a lender for using the latter's money for a specific period of time. Assume you have 100 today and can use it to buy something. Instead, you choose to lend it so that someone else can buy what he needs. He can return the money to you, say, a year later . At that time, you should be able to buy what you had postponed. The interest you receive on your lending should compensate you for the change in prices of things you would buy. The market for money is not defined by this straight-line flow of funds from the one who has a surplus to lend and the one who has a deficit and needs to borrow. The fact that money is available , may spur some people to borrow. The demand for loans moves up when interest rates are low. This, in turn, increases the price of goods and services being bought and leads to a high level inflation.Inflation, or the increase in the general level of prices, means that purchasing power is actually falling. Worse, those that have to lend money have to now ask for an interest rate that compensates them for an inflation rate which they see moving up.The Reserve Bank of India monitors various variables\u2014the growth in savings, credit, money supply, inflation and economic growth. It steps up the interest rates when it sees inflation moving up. When it does so, it puts brakes on the borrowers and forces them to revisit their borrowings. The speed of transfer of funds from savings to deposit to credit is slowed down. Fewer cars, houses and goods are bought when interest rates are high and fewer investment projects are funded. The inevitable fallout of this action is a slow down in the rate of growth of money supply and inflation, and ultimately, economic growth itself. Inflation also falls with this slowdown. With this, the process of reversal begins. When the RBI notices growth declining, and is confident of inflation coming under control, it begins to reduce the interest rates.The RBI does not control the interest rates in the system. Banks are the primary drivers of credit. The central bank only sets the repo and reverse repo rates, or the short-term rate at which the banks can borrow or lend to the RBI, after having exhausted their attempts to borrow or lend in the markets. If the apex bank hikes the repo rates, this gets transmitted to the system through banks and the financial markets.Transmission of rates depends on the balance sheets and the financial position of the intermediaries, such as banks. For example, if the RBI reduces the repo rate, banks may not immediately reduce all lending rates. Banks may have, in the peak of the cycle, lent to borrowers and projects that may be in stress when the demand for goods and services had fallen. They will take time to restructure their assets and be ready to lend again. Households who may have lost their jobs or faced a cut in income when economic activity slowed down, may take time before they begin to borrow again. These are the lags that we see in the transmission of rates to the market, and then to the revival of demand.As we hear arguments urging the RBI to cut rates and revive the demand for money and, therefore, goods and services, we need to go back to the basics. Economic activity needs money and its cost will depend on what is expected for the future. If borrowers are not sure what to expect in terms of their jobs and projects and if we do not produce adequate goods and services to meet possible demand, interest rate alone may not create miracles. The transmission may take time and the lag may be long.\u2014 The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381795", "title": "What matters most - course or college", "text": "Should one opt for a good college or rather choose a course over college? In recent years, this has been a fundamental question for students.With the cut-offs rising for most of the courses in the last few years, Chetan Chawla, a DU aspirant with 96.25% is weighing his options between history in St Stephen's and commerce (Honours) at Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC). \"I have already met the percentage for history honours at St Stephen's . I am waiting for June 26, when the first cut-off list will be put up by other colleges. I am hoping that I meet the cut-off at SRCC, so that I can pursue commerce. In case I don't , I will try for Stephen's as it is one of the well-known colleges,\" says Chawla.As to whether a student should choose a course over college or vice versa, Pratibha Jolly, principal, Miranda House, believes that if one is passionate about the subject one wants to study, he or she must not compromise on the course for the sake of a good college.However, Jolly stresses that it is not a good idea to generalise this trend, as it is a matter of choice and identity. A majority of students are not sure about the course they want to study. In this case, a good college becomes a priority for them. Many students, for example, want to opt for management or civil services in the future. For them, a good college offering liberal education does contribute to their academic growth, competitive skills and all round personality development,\" says Jolly.According to Arvind Kumar, faculty , department of commerce, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College, course should be the priority for students. It depends on both the aptitude and attitude of students as to what course they want to study and the career that they want to make out of it. For example, many students opt for the BA (programme), which is a comprehensive course but it is good for students only if they choose the right optional papers like computers and economics.Also, before taking admission, students must keep the placement factor in mind, which varies from college to college. However, not getting into the college-course debate, SK Garg, principal of Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (DDUC) says, \"I don't believe in the college-course debate as a good college or a not so good college is all a matter of perception . On-campus colleges (north campus and south campus) have an advantage in terms of geographical location over other colleges, which are as good with facilities and faculty but are not as popular as they are situated out of campus. Also, I feel, students nowadays are more aware of the career choices they want to make and a majority of them decide on admission on the basis of their desired course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "14386684", "title": "Fujitsu to build successor of K supercomputer", "text": "TOKYO: Japanese computer makers Fujitsu, on Monday, said that it is developing a new supercomputer to succeed its K supercomputer built with the state-backed major research institute Riken, which has lost top spot for computing speed to a US supercomputer.Masami Yamamoto, President Fujitsu Ltd, told a shareholders' meeting in Yokohama that he hopes to regain the top slot in the world rankings in a few years, after Japan dropped to second place having topped the previous two rankings, according to the announcement by the US-European TOP500 project.However, he declined to talk about when the new supercomputer will be available or its expected performance.The K supercomputer, now at Riken's facilities in Kobe, was the first to log a computing speed of over 10 petaflops per second.Its name draws upon the Japanese word \"kei\" for 10 to the 16th power, representing the system's performance goal of 10 petaflops. One petaflop is the equivalent to 1,000 trillion operations per second.The Sequoia supercomputer at the US Department of Energy achieved 16.32 petaflops per second, taking the top slot in the world rankings as of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379846", "title": "Monsoon revives after a week-long dry spell", "text": "MUMBAI: Intermittent spells of rain over the weekend brought much-needed respite to citizens after a long, dry spell. While the city may not witness heavy rainfall in the next 48 hours, India Metrological Department (IMD) officials said the monsoon currents are reviving and the condition is likely to improve in the days to come.According to the weatherman, one or two spells of rain may occur in parts of the city and suburbs over the next 48 hours.\"The monsoon currents have started reviving and the north and south Konkan areas will now receive good rainfall. The condition is going to improve in the Madhya Maharashtra region,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general, Mumbai IMD.The northern limit of monsoon continues to pass through Veraval, Navsari, Malegaon, Betul, Jabalpur, Sidhi, Varanasi, Gorakhpur and Lat. The offshore trough at mean sea level from Konkan coast to Kerala coast persists.After the downpour on June 17, there was a long, dry spell. Temperatures, too, had moved northwards. According to IMD, the monsoon currents had weakened. \"After arriving, the monsoon tends to take a break before reviving,\" an IMD official had told TOI earlier last week.Since Saturday evening several parts of the city have been receiving from moderate to heavy rainfall.In the last 24 hours, Vile Parle received 26.66 mm of rainfall, Colaba 25.13 mm and Goregaon 36.05 mm.As a result of the recent spells of rain, temperatures have dipped. On Sunday, Colaba recorded a maximum temperature of 31.4 degrees Celsius and Santa Cruz 31.8 degrees Celsius. On Saturday, the maximum temperature in Colaba was 33.8 degrees Celsius and 33.3 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz.Meanwhile, the BMC maintained that the water stock in all the lakes is sufficient. \"There is nothing to worry about for the time being as the catchment areas around the lakes have received some rainfall. The situation is normal. The water stock in the lakes will last till July 15,\" said a senior hydraulics department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380106", "title": "At crossroads: What will BS Yeddyurappa do now?", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa hasn't stopped smiling since getting anticipatory bail. His supporters who are in an equally upbeat mood are gearing up to take their change-in-leadership demand to its logical end. According to party insiders, the state BJP crisis pertains to the question of internal realignment.\"How long can the leadership postpone taking a decision when the faction making the demand has the numbers,'' a senior leader asked. Party sources cite the Uttaranchal example where BJP changed its CM six months prior to elections. When the results were announced, it felt the decision should have been taken much earlier. What are Yeddyurappa's options to get what he wants?MEASURES HE MAY TAKEMild step: Just raise the tempo of dissidence. Hold meetings with loyalist ministers and legislators. They have been demanding a BJPLP meeting which chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has said will be convened only if the central leadership agrees. As the anticipatory bail stipulates that he cannot leave Bangalore, Yeddyurappa has to abandon any plans of touring the state. He can cause a flutter in Gowda's camp by reconnecting with the people, meeting them at the nodal office which he has opened in Bangalore.Serious step: If the CM doesn't call a BJPLP meeting, Yeddyurappa's supporters can convene a parallel one, which won't have sanctity. Despite being viewed as one among the several meetings being held by dissidents every day, it will no doubt embarrass Gowda. If the CM opts for cabinet expansion, Yeddyurappa can demand that his supporters be inducted and key portfolios of loyal ministers not disturbed. Tough step: Yeddyurappa has expressed support to UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post. Though he said it is his personal opinion, he can become a cause of worry to the leadership on this issue. His supporters are already advocating 'conscience voting' and don't want any whip to be issued. He can engineer cross-voting to avenge non-compliance of his demands by the leadership.Extreme step: Yeddyurappa might ask for a role in the party, which is no less significant than that of the CM or president's posts. He cannot claim these top two posts now in the wake of the CBI inquiry. If the party continues to ignore all his earlier requests and marginalize him, he may walk out of the party. There will then be a vertical split in the state BJP. There can be a possibility of some loyalist MLAs resigning from the assembly membership, which will reduce Gowda's government to a minority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384387", "title": "Ban on Chattakari lifted out", "text": "Audience waiting for Chattakari are in for a treat now. The ban on the film has been lifted out. The film echibitors decided to take off the ban. This decision was taken at the Malayalam Film Association held in Kochi.G Suresh Kumar is the producer of the film.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "14381090", "title": "Even after 21 yrs of court order, police fail to lodge FIR", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The police have failed to register FIRs after a lapse of 21 years and six years, respectively, even though different courts had passed the orders in three separate cases in Kishanganj, Purnia and Supaul.In the first case, Kishanganj chief judicial magistrate (CJM) had transferred a case to his counterpart in Araria. The place of occurrence in the case lodged with Terhagachh police station did not come in Kishanganj district. Rather, it was under Palasi police station in Araria district. Araria CJM on February 5, 1991, had asked the Palasi police to lodge an FIR. But, the Palasi police have been sitting over the order since then.In another case, a Purnia court transferred a case to Araria CJM. The case, bearing No. 227/06, was lodged with Kasba police station in Purnia district.n this case, too, the place of occurrence was Simaraha in Araria district. As such, the case was transferred to the court of Araria CJM who promptly wrote to Simaraha police station to register an FIR. But Simaraha police is yet to comply with the order after six years.The third such aberration took place in a case lodged with Chhatapur police station in Supaul district.The Supaul CJM wrote to his Araria counterpart, saying the court could not entertain the case as the place of occurrence was under Bhargama police station in Araria district. The Araria CJM asked the Bhargama SHO to lodge an FIR in the case. Though the Araria court shot off a letter to Bhargama SHO in 1992, police are yet to act.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, who stumbled upon such long-pending cases, has taken a very serious view of the lapses.He has shot off letters to SHOs of Bhargama, Palasi and Simaraha, directing them to lodge the FIRs and immediately proceed with their investigation.Talking to TOI on Saturday, SP Lande, however, could not give details of the three cases. Palasi SHO, when contacted, said since it was case of 1988, and it was first lodged with Terhagachh police station in Kishanganj, he would have to dig it again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378945", "title": "Two minors molested in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: Two minor girls were sexually molested in separate incidents in the city on Sunday. In the first case, a 23-year-old habitual sexual offender was thrashed by a mob for molesting an eight-year-old girl at Ganga Nagar slums on Sunday evening. Rajesh Choudhari was later handed over to Gittikhadan police. The accused had been arrested for a similar crime two years ago.Police said Choudhari, who claims to be a worker at a construction site, is notorious for targeting women. He lured the victim with a Rs 10 note and asked her to buy eggs. After the girl returned with the eggs, Choudhari took her inside his house on the pretext of offering her snacks.His landlord's teenaged daughter, who was studying, heard the girl crying later. She traced the cries to Choudhari's room and saw him committing the heinous crime. She immediately raised an alarm. In no time, neighbours joined her and gave Choudhari a sound thrashing before informing Gittikhadan police.Subinspector Dinesh Dahatonde and his colleagues took Choudhari for questioning before placing him under arrest. Choudhari lives alone while the rest of his family is in Madhya Pradesh.In the second incident, a mother has claimed that she witnessed her two-year-old daughter being sexually assaulted by her brother (the girl's maternal uncle) at their residence under the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station on Saturday night. The accused, Dilip Jadhav, in his 20s, has been arrested by the police.At the time the matter was reported to the press, the victim's medical examination was being conducted, and cops were yet to file a rape case. However, the girl's parents and neighbours created tension and forced the cops to file a rape case.Jadhav, a cycle rickshaw puller, was staying with the victim's family at Hudkeshwar. He sexually assaulted the girl while she was sleeping at her residence.Sources said that around 11pm on Saturday, the girl, her parents and Jadhav went to the bed after having dinner together. The man was sleeping beside the girl on the terrace while her parents were asleep at a distance. Around 3am, when the girl's mother woke up, she saw Jadhav sexually assaulting the child. She screamed and alerted her husband.Meanwhile, Jadhav fled from home and was untraceable till Sunday afternoon. The girl's parents lodged a complaint on Sunday morning. Three police squads were sent all around the city and Jadhav was nabbed.Meanwhile, the girl was taken to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) for medical reports and treatment, since she was bleeding. However, the parents claimed treatment was delayed at the hospital. The child is said to be in critical condition in hospital.There was tension at Hudkeshwar later after the angry neighbours and parents caught hold of Jadhav once he was arrested, and roughed him up.Police sources said that the doctors are yet to submit medical reports. \"We are waiting for the reports to register a case,\" said police. Cops are still interrogating Jadhav, who has reportedly confessed to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380364", "title": "2 arrested for robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested in connection with a robbery at a financier's house in Govindpuri last month. With these arrests, all the four accused have been nabbed.Syed Shahnawaz Noori and Vikas Narang were arrested from Govindpuri after a tip-off, said Ajay Chaudhry, additional commissioner of police (southeast).Police said the other two accused, Akram Khan and Irfan Ali, had earlier been arrested and a part of the loot was recovered. They told cops that on the day of the robbery, three of them had gone to victim's flat and posed as MCD officials. They entered the house on the pretext of checking water coolers. They held the financier's wife hostage and made off with gold and Rs 1.25 lakh in cash.\"Akram stayed outside the house as the woman could have identified him. He had acted as a guarantor of loans given by her husband to residents of Govindpuri and Tughlaqabad,\" said Chaudhry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14380621", "title": "Bail plea of tainted IPS officer today", "text": "AJMER: Tainted IPS probationary officer Ajay Singh is made the main accused in the FIR where a bribe is demanded through ASI Prem Singh from the victim Bhawani Singh. The FIR was handed over to inspector general of the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) in Jaipur on June 22. The FIR disclosed that IPS Singh and the ASI allegedly prepared the ground to extort a big amount since last few months from the victim while investigating the MBD case.As per the allegations, ASI Prem Singh arranged the meeting of victim Bhawani Singh with IPS officer Ajay Singh in Ajmer. The IPS officer then asked the victim to talk with ASI prem Singh. The victim claimed that Ajay Singh made calls on his mobile phone asking him to appear for investigation in matter of MBD, a financial company.ASI Prem Singh was arrested \"red-handed\" by a special team led by DSP Asha Ram Choudhary in Ramganj police station for taking bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh. Later Ajay Singh was caught by Kanotoa police and take him into custody. Later, the court remanded them in 14 days judicial custody and on Saturday IPS Singh was shifted to Jaipur central jail by the authorities.Bhawani Singh in his complaint stated that he and his friend Budha Ram started a work as agents for MBD company and later they were made its members. The company provided them cars as incentives when they enrolled several members for the finance company. They left work in December 2009 and also sold the cars which the company gave to them.The complaint further said in February 2012 the victim got the call from the IPS officer who said he was investigating the matter of MBD Company and wanted to investigate them and also wanted to recover the car. \"The IPS officer said he will come to Jodhpur on March 2 for their interrogation\" the complaint said.Beside the IPS officer, ASI Prem Singh met the victim in Ajmer where the victim pleaded that he had no role in MBD company matter. \"The officer then asked me to talk with ASI Prem Singh who demanded Rs 2 lakh from me and Rs 2.5 lakh from Budha Ram to rescind us from the case,\" Bhawani Singh said.The court here will hear on Monday the case the bail application of IPS Ajay Singh which was moved by his counsel on Friday evening when ACB produced Singh in the court. The counsel also sought time saying that they have not received a copy of the FIR and they wanted to argue on merits of the case.Sources said a copy of the FIR has now reached Ajmer.Meanwhile, district police have also geared up for the enquiry pending against Ajay Singh in another alleged bribe taking from an accused of dowry harassment of Mumbai. In the case, the IPS officer had sent head constable Raja Ram and constable Jaipal Singh to meet the accused and collect the bribe. The accused, Ranjeet Singh, filed a complaint charging police with taking bribe in the name of IPS Ajay Singh. The enquiry was pending and IGP Anil Paliwal issued a show cause notice for delay in the enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379493", "title": "Colonel among six arrested for NDA recruitment scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI busted a major recruitment scam in the prestigious National Defence Academy (NDA) and arrested six people, including a serving colonel, for allegedly receiving bribes for jobs and claimed to have recovered Rs 1.76 crore from different locations in connection with the case.The agency raided 14 places in Pune, Mumbai, Gurgaon and Sonepat, and recovered cash which was allegedly taken by officials and their touts for recruiting subordinate staff like cooks, gardeners, library and laboratory attendants, cadet orderly and lower division clerks, officials said.Among those arrested are Col Kulbir Singh, staff officer to NDA Commandant Lt Gen Jatinder Singh, NDA employee Ramesh Gaikwad, Bal Kishen Kanojia -- who runs a food stall in Pune, his employee Vishnu Sharma and two alleged touts Manoj Sheetal Kar and Dattatre Sheetal Kar. Col Singh, who belongs to the Guards regiment, was arrested from the Colaba military station.All the six were produced before a CBI court in Pune which remanded them to custody till July 2.'Jobs went for Rs 4 lakh bribe'\"The staff officer in conspiracy with the other accused obtained illegal gratification of Rs 3-4 lakh from each candidate to give them appointment for subordinate staff like cooks, gardeners, lab attendants, library attendants and cadet orderly,\" a CBI spokesperson said.The accused allegedly took signatures of those who had agreed to pay the bribe on blank sheets and later filled them with correct answers through fraudulent means, he said.CBI said while Rs 4 lakh was seized from the residence of Col Singh, another Rs 82 lakh was seized from the house of an associate of the Army officer. Rs 50 lakh was recovered from Kanojia and Rs 18 lakh from Gaikwad's residence. Rs 3 lakh and Rs 3.20 lakh were recovered from the houses of Manoj Sheetal Kar and Vishnu Sharma respectively, the CBI official said.The agency also claimed to have seized a list of candidates' names and interview letters from the residence of Kanojia and a list of those who had paid bribe from Sharma's house. The statements of candidates will be recorded soon, the official said.NDA had in February invited applications to appoint 40 subordinate staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14386200", "title": "GU decides to pass every one till final examination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University has decided is a major policy decision announced that no student will be retained in first year and second year of bachelor of Commerce, Science and Arts.However, these students will be required to clear the examination off all subjects where he has failed before the final examination for the third year.Earlier the GU had a policy of allowing students to go to the next class only if he has failed in three or less subjects. Now as per the new policy a students if he fails in all the subject in first year, he would be allowed to appear for his second year examination, but the same student would be required to clear all the examinations before he appears for his Third year examination.\"If the student failed to clear his examinations, he would not be given the final degree,\" said a GU officials. He said the decision was as the University was planning to introduce new syllabus and hence it wants to clear all the students before introducing the new syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381425", "title": "District aims to improve SSLC results", "text": "KOCHI: In an ambitious move to boost education in the district, the education department along with panchayats will launch a programme to ensure that all SSLC students score above 40% (grade C) marks with the aim of making Ernakulam the first district to achieve the feat.The programme will be launched in September in all government and aided schools in the district. \"Our aim is to ensure that every student in the district does not score less than 45% for the SSLC examination,\" said deputy director of education (DDE) M D Murali. In 2012, the district recorded a pass percentage of 96% in Class X exams.The education department will seek the support of district panchayats and other local bodies, and start focusing on students from eighth standard onwards. To achieve the goal, the department would organize special classes for weak students after school hours. Initially, classes will be conducted for two hours after regular school timings. Teaching will be intensified during the three months before the SSLC examination.\"Intensive training sessions will be held after the second-term examination during which period the teachers would analyze the performance of each student,\" he said.As part of the programme, the authorities would introduce remedial teaching method for students having learning disabilities. The education department would also launch peer group teaching in which brighter students help weaker students. \"We have found that many students are weak in social and science subjects. To tackle this we will also rope in experts,\" added Murali. Panchayat education standing committee chairman K K Soman said that they have completed discussions with school authorities and officials in education department regarding the project.\"A draft of the project will be finalised by mid-July after which the project would be launched by first week of September,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379830", "title": "Ex-staffers clean out pub of Rs 6L goods", "text": "MUMBAI: A pub in Malad was broken into allegedly by two former employees who made off with electronic items worth Rs 5 to 6 lakh on Sunday.Security guards posted at ATMs in the pub's vicinity had spotted the two staffers breaking open the lock.The pub, Soda, is located on Malad Link Road. \"As Soda is not yet fully operational, we haven't hired security guards. Only private parties are held at the pub,\" said Vikram Ramakrishnan, owner, Soda. The incident occurred around 7am. \"One of the accused worked as a cook, while the other used to be a cashier. We sacked the two after receiving complaints of petty thefts against them,\" said Ramakrishnan.\"On Sunday, some of the security guards posted at the ATMs spotted the two breaking open the lock and asked them what they were doing. The two told the guards that they had lost the key to the pub and had come to shift a few things,\" Ramakrishnan said.The pub's management discovered the theft when other staffers arrived for work. The accused decamped with close-circuit cameras, three plasma television sets, computers, projectors, amplifiers, etc. \"We know their names, addresses and phone numbers and have given these to the police along with their photos. The cook is a native of Kolkata and the cashier resides in Mumbai itself,\" a staffer said. The Malad police has registered a case of burglary. Soda has three branches in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "14380365", "title": "Man kills both daughters", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Suspecting his wife's fidelity, a man allegedly killed his two daughters by throwing them into a village tank in Darmora village in Makhloor mandal on Sunday morning.Daily-wager Sakini Sailu took his daughters - Soujanya, 3, and three-month-old Swetha - to the tank in the early hours and drowned them . Sailu had reached home drunk and after getting into a quarrel with his wife Gautami, beat her upand took away the children. Gautami was crestfallen after learning that Sailu had flung her two daughters in the waters.Police have launched a manhunt launched to nab the absconding father. Sailu married Gautami in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378931", "title": "Ranchi-Patna GoAir flight to take off on July 3", "text": "RANCHI: The air connection between Ranchi and Patna, disrupted ever since Kingfisher closed down its Mumbai-Ranchi-Patna-Mumbai flight a few months ago, will be re-established on July 3.GoAir is introducing a new flight on the Delhi-Ranchi-Patna-Delhi sector. The schedule for the flight, however, has not been announced yet. \"The schedule will come within a few days,\" said a source at the airport here. It will be a 180-seat aircraft.GoAir's Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi flight (G8-713/714) currently arrives at Ranchi's Birsa Munda Airport at 7.40pm and leaves for Delhi at 8.05pm. The airline, which used to run a Delhi-Ranchi-Patna-Delhi flight two months ago, withdrew it because of some technical reasons.A GoAir flight (G8-608) on the Mumbai-Ranchi-Patna-Mumbai sector connects Patna with Ranchi. But only Patna flyers can come to Ranchi by this. It lands in Ranchi at 1pm and leaves after 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "dhamra (odhisa)", "code": "14385453", "title": "Kolkata varsity in DRDO collab", "text": "DHAMRA (Odhisa): A university in Kolkata is helping the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) develop a high power microwave as a futuristic weapon.The defence research unit has also tied-up with IIT, Chennai for seven projects. With Indian universities finally becoming research partners, DRDO R&D; chief W Selvamurthy feels confident of timely completion of projects.DRDO has taken over an entire floor at IIT, Chennai for joint research. \"This used to happen abroad. Now, Indian universities have also come of age and are tying up with us in several projects. We are now looking at futuristic research on projects like an unmanned battlefield - on land, in air and under water and working on high-power lasers and microwave as weapons. We are trying to develop the 'global soldier' who can operate in any battlefield across the world. We are also concentrating on stealth technology and satellite-based security systems,\" Selvamurthy told TOI.He believes that projects undertaken by DRDO may not have got delayed had Indian industry and universities provided necessary support earlier. \"Unlike what people believe, there has been no delay on DRDO's part. Our 7,600 scientists conceptualised, designed and then built products as industry had not developed sufficiently then. In other countries like USA, industry takes over soon after a project has been conceptualised. Even Universities provide necessary assistance in research. This is slowly happening in India now. The General Staff Qualitative Requirements (GSQR) was finalised in 1985 and by 1993, we had the first prototype ready. There were additions and alterations to be made and we succeeded in developing the Mark-II in two years time. Now, the Army agrees that Arjun is better than the Russian-made T-90,\" the top scientist said.He claims that DRDO took only 15 years in developing a fourth-generation aircraft like the Tejas from scratch while the Eurofighter has not yet been fully developed, even after 22 years. According to him, this is a normal life-cycle development period. \"Now that Tejas has gone into production, we are already discussing an Advanced Middle Combat Aircraft (AMCA). We have worked with minimum resources. I have been to a submarine development unit in Russia where 20,000 scientists work. Our budget is also merely 3 Rs 10,000 crore of which nearly half is spent on salaries and top-secret projects. Under the circumstances, there is little investment in R&amp;D.; These are aspects that need to be looked into as foreign arms suppliers are not keen that India develops indigenous capabilities,\" he said.The DRDO won't give up on the Kaveri engine just as yet. One reason that Selvamurthy gives for not having succeeded in getting the Kaveri engines fitted to the Tejas is the absence of high-powered engine manufacturers in the country. Elsewhere, companies like GE and Rolls Royce manufacture engines for aircraft. Even the Tejas has had to fall back on GE engines. \"We have managed to get 70 kilo Newton thrust out of the Kaveri engine. It has been tested for 55 hours on an IL-76. The Tejas requires a thrust of about 80 KNewtons. We shall try the engine on a Tejas and we believe that it will cover upto 80% flight envelop. We may use it for the trainers or even unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). There is also great possibility of use of the marine Kaveri engine,\" the DRDO R&D; chief said. According to him, several foreign firms have expressed eagerness to partner with DRDO for an engine that can provide 130 KNewton thrust required for the AMCA. \"In the last five years, the armed forces have ordered Rs 140,000 crore worth of equipment from us.The same equipment would have cost thrice if procured from abroad. We have aided in employment generation. The confidence of the armed forces is going up everyday. Our weapons locating radars have proved to be better than those manufactured abroad. India's self-reliance ratio has now gone up to 50%. We need not be 100% self-reliant. Nobody is. The key should be to concentrate on critical and strategic defence systems and large volume items like clothing to save on unnecessary cash outflow,\" Selvamurthy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379769", "title": "Unaided schools to close for a week over Right to Education", "text": "BANGALORE: Irked by the \"clumsy\" implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, around 1,600 schools affiliated to the Karnataka Unaided Schools Management Association (KUSMA) have decided to shut down from July 16 to 22.A KUSMA meeting on Sunday made this decision. The schools are agitated that several institutions aren't implementing the RTE mandate claiming they're minority institutions.\"We are going on strike because the government hasn't responded to our demand to define 'minority institutions'.The act is already implemented, but rules haven't been defined clearly yet. We are against such an approach,\" association vice-president VRN Reddy said.The umbrella organization \u2014 whose 1,600 memberinstitutions include CBSE, ICSE and state-syllabus schools \u2014 has over 600 affiliates in the city. Bangalore has around 1,300 private unaided schools and Karnataka around 15,000.\"We want clarity on RTE. We will request the government to make the rules applicable to all. Either exempt all private schools from the RTE's ambit or include minority institutions,\" Reddy said.The association expressed concern over unclear reimbursement process and diverse RTE rules for different states. \"The reimbursement amount for students admitted under 25% RTE quota varies by a huge margin from state to state. Being one nation, we should have one rule for all,\" Reddy said.If their demands go unheard, the association may file a petition against the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14386810", "title": "Flood situation worsens in four Arunachal districts", "text": "ITANAGAR: The flood situation in four districts of Arunchal Pradesh, Changlang, Lohit, Dibang Valley and Upper Subansiri districts, has worsened with most rivers flowing above the red mark.In Changlang district, 75 Chakma families were trapped in Bijoypur village with Army help being sought, Bordumsa ADC Kento Riba said today.\"We are seeking Army help to rescue the stranded families. But the Army could not arrive yet because of inclement weather,\" Riba said.\"If the downpour continues, the situation will worsen,\" the ADC said.He said, the swollen Noa-dehing river breached the anti-erosion protection wall on the left bank and washed away 16 houses, inundated 59 others, standing crops, the PMGSY road, and completely damaged an under-construction PMGSY bridge in an area between Bijoypur-I and II blocks.He said that country boats could not be used for rescue because of the high current of the river.The administration has declared the Bijoypur middle and primary schools as relief camps.A medical camp has been set up under the supervision of the district medical officer at Dui village, about 16 km from Bordumsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379907", "title": "Soon, handheld devices for parking slips", "text": "NEW DELHI: The North Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to make the use of handheld devices to issue parking slips mandatory. The corporation took this step following complaints of overcharging and misuse of parking space by contractors handling its parking lots. The Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA) had recommended this last year, but the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) was reluctant to implement it. But now, this has been made a mandatory clause in the parking tenders, said North corporation officials.\"We have been getting several complaints regarding overcharging by parking contractors. At several places it was found that contractors had parked more vehicles than what is permitted. In some areas, contractors have encroached upon public land. The parking rates are fixed and no one should pay extra to these contractors,'' said V P Pandey, deputy chairman, standing committee, North corporation.The use of handheld devices, officials say, will not only curb overcharging, but will also help the corporation assess the correct \"reserve price\" of authorized parking sites. \"At present, we vaguely assess the reserve price \u2014 the minimum amount for the bid \u2014 for each parking lot. Once handheld devices are introduced, we can ask the parking contractor to tell us the exact amount earned by them in a year. This will help us fix the correct reserve price for the parking lot next time it is tendered. This will also help boost corporation's revenue,'' said Pandey.There are 119 authorized parking sites under North corporation, of which tenders for 43 sites were recently floated. Last year, EPCA had asked the erstwhile MCD and New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) to make the use of handheld devices compulsory, but MCD did not do so. \"This clause was optional. But now we will make it mandatory,'' said an official.There are over 300 authorized parking sites in the city, but less than 2% contractors use handheld devices to issue parking slips. NDMC is the only civic body which has effectively implemented the use of handheld devices in parking lots.The North corporation is also planning to start a drive to check misuse of space by parking contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "14383972", "title": "Odisha matriculation results by month-end", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The results of Annual High School Certificate (HSC) examinations-2012 in Odisha are expected to be declared by the end of this month, official sources said.The work is almost complete and the results of the matriculation examinations conducted by Board of Secondary Education (BSE) would be out before June 30, School and Mass Education minister Pratap Jena said.Efforts are on to declare the results anytime after June 27, he said.Meanwhile, BSE officials at Cuttack also confirmed that the results of the examination held in March-April this eyar would be published before June 30 as announced earlier. \"The tabulation of the results is over and all arrangements to declare the same are in final stage\", said a BSE official.This year's matriculation examination was mired in controversy when it was found that some question papers of Regular stream were stolen from a centre after examinations began in the third week of March.Beginning from March 19 and scheduled to end on March 31, the examination for Regular students was suspended on March 21 after the question paper theft case came to light. A total of seven papers of the examination was again rescheduled which began on April 17 and ended in over 2000-odd examination centres on April 26.Although, a little over 4.5 lakh students appeared in the examination, more than 6000 of them were booked for malpractices as they were found resorting to unfair means during the examination.Similarly, action was taken against at least a dozen of teachers and two centre superintendents for dereliction of duties during the time of the examination.The controversies did not end there. The Board and the State government came under lot of criticism as the answer sheets were evaluated under candle and torch lights at some centres while in some other centres, the evaluators complained of difficulties in evaluating the answer sheets as they were drenched in rain waters and illegible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378832", "title": "Congress calls review meet to discuss bypoll debacle", "text": "RANCHI: The Congress has decided to call a review meeting in second week of July to discuss the reason behind failure of the party to retain the Hatia assembly constituency in the bypolls hold earlier this month.State Congress president Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu said the party lost a sitting seat in the by-election and it is a serious matter. \"We will have a long discussion and try and give every senior members of the party, present in the meeting to share his view, so that we get to know the real reason behind the defeat,\" he said.The party not only lost the seat but its candidate also lost the security deposit. The candidate's security deposit was forfeited as he secured less than one-sixth of the total votes polled in the by-election. Party candidate Sunil Sahay - younger brother of Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay -- got around 20,000 votes against total polling of around 1.5 lakh. Ever since the defeat, many Congressmen here are up in arms against Union minister for forcing the party to give ticket to his brother to contest the bypoll.\"Before the state level meeting, I will ask the district president to convene a meeting of block presidents and members so that he can inform the state committee of his findings behind the defeat,\" Balmuchu said.Talking about the proposed padyatra of the party in Santhal Pargana he said the four-day programme would start on June 26. \"All senior leaders of the party, including state in-charge Shakeel Ahmad , will take part in the padyatra to launch an agitation against the failure of the state government to implement development programmes,\" Balmuchu said.The padyatra will conclude on June 30, which is famous among people of Jharkhand as Hul Diwas, the day of Santhal uprising against British Rule in 1855.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14378817", "title": "BJP expels Nimbarte for fraudulent deals", "text": "BHANDARA: District president of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha Mahendra Nimbarte has been expelled from party for his involvement in fraudulent financial transactions. Nimbarte is a member of the senate of Nagpur University and Bhandara Municipal Council.A meeting of the BJP core committee was held on June 12 to discuss the expulsion of Nimbarte as he had allegedly collected Rs 1.5 crore from the needy persons on the pretext of giving employment in Bhandara ZP. Persons who had given lakhs of rupees to Nimbarte approached him, but he avoided them on one or the other pretext. They complained to the higher ups of BJP in Nagpur. Organizing secretary of Vidarbha BJP then asked the Bhandara unit to take disciplinary action against him.The core committee meeting was presided over by district unit president Shishupal Patle and attended by Dhananjay Mohokar, Dr Prakash Malgave, Bala Kashiwar, ex-MLA Madhukar Kukde and ZP president Vasant Enchilwar. After discussing the fraudulent financial activities of Nimbarte, the core committee unanimously decided to expel him. He was issued a letter mentioning his expulsion.Mohokar said that complaints were received that Nimbarte had taken lakhs of rupees from people in Bhandara and Wardha districts on the pretext of giving employment and hence action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379218", "title": "Economist Intelligence Unit ranks Ahmedabad 19th financially strongest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recent price rise may be pinching your pockets, but for the price conscious Amdavadi here is some good news. The city has been rated by the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) as 19th in the world, in terms of economic strength.Apart from this, the only other Indian city ranked in the same sub-category is Bangalore at 16th. Of the 20 cities listed by EIU under the category of economic strength, 15 cities belong to Asia, while Ahmedabad and Bangalore are the only two Indian cities.EIU is a research wing and sister concern of the journal 'The Economist'. EIU survey has devised a new index which ranks competitiveness of the most prominent cities across the globe using a number of economic, demographic and social variables. The index depicts competitiveness among cities in the world for their demonstrated ability to attract capital, business, talent and tourists. There are a total of 120 cities which are part of this index. These cities are home to more than 750 million people and together have a $ 20.2 trillion worth of GDP- which is 29% of the world's total.The index include cities that are or can become hub for skilled residents, have adequate infrastructure and are home to institutions. A majority of the cities that top the EIU index are dominated by the US and western Europe , with 24 cities in the top 30.Delhi has been named the most competitive city in India for its demonstrated ability to attract capital, business, talent and tourists. The national capital has edged out Mumbai, the financial hub of the country which ranked 70th in the index, followed by Bangalore, India's Silicon Valley , at 79th rank, Pune at 97, Chennai at 105 and Kolkata at 106.According to the report, the 10 most competitive cities in the world are: New York, London , Singapore, Paris and Hong Kong (jointly fourth), Tokyo, Zurich, Washington DC, Chicago, and Boston . The study, which has been commissioned by the Citigroup , ranked Delhi at number 68 in the list of 120 of the world's major cities. Overall, it is European and US cities which are the most competitive globally, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381749", "title": "Switzerland launches project to digitise largest audio-visual heritage of jazz", "text": "The Montreux Jazz Festival and EPFL (Ecole polytechnique federale de Lausanne ), Switzerland , have launched a major project to digitise the largest audio-visual heritage of jazz, blues and rock concerts from the past 45 years.These 5000 hours of live performances have always been recorded with the best technical resources of the time \u2014 for instance HDTV since 1991. Technologies developed in EPFL research laboratories are now able to enrich them even more.The Montreux Jazz Heritage Lab, launched last week, has been created to infuse records with new life and to restore their musical, emotional and historical force.The lab is a result of a research involving architects, interaction designers, engineers, acoustics and signal processing researchers as well as several industrial partners. It offers a novel approach in the development of digital archives.EPFL was chosen by Claude Nobs, founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival, and his partners, because of its technological skills, and ability to preserve and even enrich the fragile multi-media heritage that has been constituted during 45 years of Montreux Jazz Festival.On the aim of the project, Alexandre Delidais, project manager at EPFL, says: \"To preserve the heritage for the next generations, with a guarantee that it will not be altered; technologies used and developed at EPFL aim at saving the quality of the recordings, and even enhancing them for a better experience (noise reduction, claps removal, etc).\"He further adds, \"The second aspect, embodied by the Montreux Jazz Heritage Lab, has been to conceive and build an autonomous module allowing a breathtaking immersive experience . People (up to 4) can participate in the module and navigate through the archives with a dedicated touch interface, based on a state-of-the-art navigation system especially developed for its goal. A curved screen and a fully immersive audio system provide an illusion for the spectator of being sent back into time, in the middle of the stage.\"The technologies that were developed in EPFL labs include recording, preservation and upgrading , audio and video compression , intensive transmission of data over the internet, realtime audio and video recording at very high definition.On access: architecture of data-intensive servers, intensive data storage, data security, cryptography .On the module: Space conception laboratory (architects), coupled with 'illusonic' acoustic research , projection and display systems and haptic systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381679", "title": "YouTube Education looking for new online content partners", "text": "In order to supplement the teaching and learning process through videos and to expand its reach from university education to primary, secondary and lifelong learning, YouTube Education is here in India for new content partnerships.\"The IITs are already imparting lessons through YouTube Education, but we are looking for more quality content partners beyond them,\" says Angela Lin, head, YouTube Education.YouTube Education, at present, has 750 educational channels and 400 universities that upload quality content online. \"We are a global video classroom that focuses on bringing classroom concepts to life, allowing people to create videos and access them from one's school. Students can access content created by Stanford University , MIT, etc. In India, Khan Academy is helping us with primary and secondary education. With more than three billion views per day and 60 hours of video being uploaded every minute, this platform has a lot of potential ,\" she says.Talking about the advantages of studying through videos, Lin says, \"Videos are not a replacement for teachers, but they enhance learning by engaging the user. Some students learn faster orally, some visually. Video combines both and helps a student learn and retain . It is free and acts as a global platform,\" says Lin.Educational institutions who want to be featured on the YouTube Education website need to apply to the YouTube partner programme. The institution will be reviewed , before being allowed to be featured on the YouTube Education website. www.youtube.com/partners", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379614", "title": "Anomalies trigger demand for integrated voter list", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of missing names from the voter lists during the local bodies' poll in the first phase on Saturday and Sunday has once again highlighted the need for an integrated voter list for the two formats - Lok Sabha-Vidhan Sabha and local bodies' elections. The Election commission sources affirm that though the issue is being consistently discussed, there is lack of consensus among various state election commissions across the country.According to reports, voter list anomalies were reported from almost all polling booths with people, including some prominent persons like BJP MLA Kalraj Mishra and many candidates complaining that their names were not on the voter list even though they voted in the assembly elections.Now the question is: Why should there be two sets of lists when voters are the same? The genesis of the problem lies in the pre-1989 period when there were separate lists as the minimum voting age for the local bodies election was 18 while for the parliament-assembly polls it was 21. But even after the voting age in the bigger format was reduced in 1989, the system of separate lists continued. Also, there are two separate bodies to conduct the two formats of polls - state election commission for the local bodies and Election Commission of India for the assembly-parliament elections.Both these bodies conduct separate exercises to update their own voter list. The list for assembly and parliament elections is updated every year, hence it is considered to be more accurate. The one for the local bodies' polls, which is prepared ward-wise, is updated only once in five years. In fact, in case of Lucknow, the voter list upgradation this time started only two months ago when it was finally became clear that the elections would be held right after the assembly polls.Moreover, at the last moment, the job of voter list preparation was taken away from district administration and handed over to the Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC), which, it's clear, failed badly in performing the task. State election commissioner Satish Kumar Agarwal said that it was the job of officials who are actually on the ground. If they falter, there is all possibility of the entire voter list going wrong,'' he said. Agarwal confirmed that the issue of an integrated list had repeatedly been taken up with the ECI but the lack of consensus between various state election commissions was a hurdle.Ishwar chand Dwivedi, former UP DGP and now member of the Election Watch, said, What we witnessed was absolutely ridiculous. The way the voter list was prepared only shows that there was some malicious intention at play.'' Dwivedi said that the Election Watch has been holding regular discussions with the Election Commission raising the need for having one voters' list for all polls. The commission had promised that it would do so this year. But it was not done,'' he said. I think even the base of the voter list for the civic polls was not taken correctly,'' he said. Dwivedi had got the name of his son and daughter-in-law deleted from the list during assembly elections since they do not reside in Lucknow. However, he was shocked to see their names in the local bodies' elections list.Chief electoral officer, UP, Umesh Sinha said that the matter having one voter list is in the conceptual stage. It will take some time to match the data of ward-wise voters in case of local bodies with the voter list of assembly or the parliamentary constituency,'' he said. There is also a massive expenditure involved in the exercise, official sources say.The SEC officials however insist that the local bodies' elections are completely different from the assembly elections. There are nearly 52,000 local bodies across the country. Considering their huge number, the state election commissions came into being as a separate entity under article 243 of the Indian Constitution after 73rd and 74th amendments which gave birth to the urban and rural local bodies,'' said Agarwal. He added that the voting in absolute number is also much higher in case of local bodies' elections in comparison to the assembly election or the parliamentary election.Agarwal, however, said that the commission would certainly get the list rectified and validated. At the same time, he said, the commission will be organizing a meeting with other state election commissions sometimes in October or November to come to a consensus for a single voter list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381405", "title": "District health dept to keep track of mother-child care", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To offer proper medical assistance to women and their children, the district health department has registered 15,892 women and 13,566 children under mother and child tracking system (MCTS) in the district for the year 2012-13.Under the programme, which is part of the National Rural Health Mission, every expectant mother will receive SMSs regarding their next immunisation and check up dates. The MCTS software also sends reminders to the expectants (mothers) and Auxiliary Nursing Midwives and ASHAs on the various treatments to be availed by the expecting mothers having mobile phones. Once a woman receives her immunisation, ANMs have to send the details to the MCTS service through an SMS.MCTS is designed to collate information of all pregnant women and infants to ensure delivery of maternal and child health services from conception till 42 days after delivery in the case of pregnant women and up to five years for children.Chief medical officer Dr Ramesh Kumar Srivastava told TOI the system is a name-based information tracking system about ante-natal checkup, delivery and post-natal checkup for pregnant women and immunization record for the children. The complete details are being registered in MCTS website and health workers will be keeping a close watch as far as offering adequate health care is concerned.CMO said health education officers have been appointed as nodal officials at block level who would be coordinating all programmes under MCTS besides compiling monthly progress reports. HEOs have also been asked to track cent percent pregnant women/children through basic health workers and also ensure their registration on MCTC portal.CMO said the objective is to make possible closer monitoring of regular check-ups of pregnant women and reduce avoidable complications, as well as complete immunization of children. The CMO said for information tracking, details like location, identification, health provider, pregnancy outcome and immunization etc will be collected.Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivastava said registration of pregnant mothers is underway in all 20 blocks of the district and the target has been set to cover 13,566 children and 15,892 women. While making registration, officials are compiling enough inputs of beneficiaries; they are being offered all sorts of medical assistance.As per statistics, all the blocks have registered pregnant women including Bahria (969), Chaka (720), Dhanupur (818), Phulpur (815), Handia ( 730), Holagarh (758), Jasra (610), Karchana (840), Kaurihar (1402), Kaudhiyara (533), Koraon ( 1060), Kotwa ( 1054), Manda (675), Mauaima (637), Meja (677), Pratappur (797), Ramnagar (707), Saidabad ( 893), Shankargarh (577) and Soraon (719).Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandan Lal said, \"After child birth, the newborn babies are given proper immunisation package against six deadly diseases. Apart from checking IMR and MMR, health officials are also making efforts to offer better healthcare services to beneficiaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14387040", "title": "Dancing in front of foreigners was awkward: Karthi", "text": "One of the major highlights in the recently-released Saguni is the locations in which the film has been shot. While Karthi admits it was fun shooting in Poland with Parnitha for a song, he admits he felt a little awkward dancing in front of the foreigners.\"I've been to Europe and other places as a tourist, but I haven't danced for any of my films in the middle of the road there. So, when I had to dance for songs in Saguni, with hundreds of natives looking on, I felt a little odd. At least 100 locals would gather everyday to watch us shoot, and I just couldn't wait to finish my portions there,\" he laughs.Karthi adds, \"I was surprised that many in Poland followed Indian cinema. They had seen my anna and anni (Surya and Jothika) in films and liked their works. Some even came up to me and took my autograph on posters of 'Paiyya'!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379953", "title": "It wasn\u2019t exactly a mela for passport aspirants", "text": "BANGALORE: The second day of the Passport Mela here on Sunday was a smooth affair, barring certain problems unprepared applicants created for themselves.While most of them tended to err on the address proof document, quite a few had come with pictures with colour background despite advance notices to get only those in a white backdrop.Several of them hurried out of the centres to get the right documents and returned to submit their applications, but a few missed out as they came back only after 2pm.As the clock struck 2, it was time for the counters to shut shop for the day.\"I got my driving licence as the address proof but they did not accept it. I was told to either submit a bank statement showing transactions of the last one year signed by the bank manager or an electricity bill, ration card or telephone bill as proof of my address,\" said Abhishek Sharan, employed in private security and intelligence sector and Jalahalli resident.Sharan reached Passport Seva Kendra (PSK), Lalbagh, at 12.30pm, so there was no time for him to go home, fetch the right document and return to submit his application.PSK-Lalbagh saw the maximum rush, with people coming in as early as 3am to stand in the queue. But late birds too had their day.Vidyaranyapura resident and bank employee Nayana Kumari GS, 23, reached the PSK only by 1pm and then hurriedly filled in the application form. ''I got to know about this mela only by 9.30am, but managed to get together all the documents and rush to this place,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381310", "title": "Burglars, chain-snatchers, vehicle thieves rattle cops", "text": "NASHIK: Burglars, chain-snatchers and vehicle thieves have rattled citizens and the city police since the past few days.Cash, jewellery and vehicles worth Rs 11.51 lakh were stolen or robbed in the past three days. The vehicles include a Tata Safari sports utility vehicle and five motorbikes. There were also two cases of looting of people by men posing as cops, a house break-in and an incident of chain-snatching.The SUV worth Rs 8 lakh was stolen from Mahatma Nagar between Thursday night and Friday morning; a Hero Honda worth Rs 15,000 was stolen when parked in front of Bosch Co on Thursday afternoon; and a Bajaj Discover bike worth Rs 30,000 was stolen when parked in front of a house on Jail Road.Two Hero Honda bikes and a Scooty were reported stolen on Friday. Atul Jadhav, a resident of Jadhav Wada, Main Road, said his bike was parked in a lane near Mohan Master Talim Sangh at Bhadrakali at 6pm on Wednesday. Pravar Chandrashekhar Deshpande of Amritdham, Panchavati, said his Scooty worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the Gold Club grounds on Saturday at 5.30pm. Amjid Usman Shaikh said his Hero Honda bike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen from the government quarters at the Golf Club grounds.A woman's gold chain worth Rs 33,000 was snatched from near Rajpal Colony on Wednesday afternoon, and another chain worth Rs 15,000 was snatched in front of Icchamani Building, at Chetna Nagar, at 8.30pm on Saturday. Pushpa Shintre, a resident of Chetna Nagar in Indira Nagar, said in a police complaint that she was walking near Icchamani Building when two motorcyclists snatched her chain.There were two incidents of people being misguided by persons posing as cops and then robbed of valuables. Sunita Kotwal (72), a resident of Liberty Sriram Apartment, Sharanpur Link Road, said that at 1.45 pm on Saturday, while she walking home, and had reached near bungalow 13 at Dena Bank Colony Road, four youths on two Bajaj Pulsar motorcycles came near her and said that they were cops and she must remove her jewellery and keep it in her purse as many incidents of chain-snatching were reported in the area.They pretended to assist her but stole her jewellery worth Rs 76,500 and escaped. A complaint was lodged at the Gangapur police station. At Bytco Point on Nashik Road, two motorcyclists told Sajla Kazi (55) of Pakhal Road that they were the police commissioner's men and were appealing people to keep their jewellery in their bags or purses, considering increasing incidents of chain-snatching. As the woman began removing the jewellery worth Rs 50,000, the culprits stole it and fled the scene.Cash and jewellery worth Rs 92,600 was burgled from a bungalow in Ashwin Nagar, Ambad. In a complaint lodged with the Ambad police, Prashant Dhokat of Sri Siddhi Bungalow, Ashwin Nagar, Cidco said his bungalow was locked between June 20 and 22 when some persons bent iron rods of the window to enter and stole Rs 45,000 and jewellery. The Ambad police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14379147", "title": "Officials suspended for flawed rural project", "text": "Berhampur: Ganjam district administration has suspended three employees, including a junior engineer, in Chikiti block for allegedly implementing a non-feasibility project under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MGNREGS) in Kalabadi gram panchayat.Besides the engineer, the executive officer of the panchayat and gram rojagar shayak have been put under suspension as they were executing a pond work near the bank of Bahuda river at Bholasingh village at a cost of Rs 5 lakh, which lacked long-term sustainability, district collector Krishan Kumar said on Sunday. The action followed reports of a technical team which inspected the project after several complaints against it, the collector said. The administration has also ordered to stop the work.Kalabada panchayat sarpanch Niranjan Panigrahi, however, said the work was being implemented in a proper manner, in which several job card holders were engaged. The collector nevertheless maintained that showcause notices had been served to concerned officers in three other projects being implemented under the MGREGS in three blocks after receiving complaints against them. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14378844", "title": "Collectorate starts document collection centre", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: District administration has started collection centres at district and tehsil level for re-collection of public related documents damaged in the fire at Mantralaya. Collector Vijay Waghmare has asked the people who have their cases pending with secretariat to deposit the copies of their documents submitted earlier.\"People can deposit their documents at collection centre at respective Setu offices. I myself will act as coordinator for recollection of documents at district level, while tehsildars will be coordinators at tehsil level. Details of new location of offices of different departments of Mantralaya will be released on Monday,\" said Waghmare interacting with reporters.He informed that while most of the documents in different departments related to public are safe. But those in revenue, urban development, tribal development, non-conventional energy ministry have been destroyed. \"Official communication between different offices and ministry will not been hampered as all the work between the two was done online. Entire online data including different government resolution are also safe. Peoples' representatives and common people can contact collector or respective tehsildars in case of any difficulty regarding recollection of documents,\" he said.He claimed that the document related to department level is easy to recollect as local office have a copy of every document sent to the ministry. Difficulty is only regarding the documents sent directly by the people. Hence, concerned people should submit the copy of documents, receipt and office copy etc related to their cases pending with ministry, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14386635", "title": "ICC CEC discusses allegations of corruption in BPL", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: The International Cricket Council's Chief Executive Committee on Monday recommended that a report be sought from the Bangladesh Board on the allegations of corruption in the recent Bangladesh Premier League.The CEC, which met on June 24 and 25 as part of the ICC Annual Conference, \"recommended to the ICC Board that the BCB be directed to deliver a comprehensive report on the allegations of corrupt activities during the BPL.\"It also reconfirmed the necessity for all Member Boards to have in place and implement domestic anti-corruption codes.After hearing that neither BCB nor Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) have incorporated domestic anti-corruption codes yet, the CEC recommended that the ICC Board instruct these Boards to implement codes forthwith and, in the case of SLC, certainly before the start of the Sri Lanka Premier League Twenty20, which is planned for August 2012.The CEC also considered the importance of a uniform set of anti-corruption regulations across all full members in order to avoid any potential jurisdictional loopholes and/or inconsistencies in the continued and ever-vigilant protection of cricket from corruption.At the meeting, the CEC considered the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) request for flexibility to stage a six-match Twenty20 International series against Australia potentially in the United Arab Emirates in August.This request needed a special dispensation from the CEC and then the ICC Board as the current regulation permits only three T20I in a series.\"Due to extreme daytime heat in the UAE at that time of the year, the CEC raised no objections to the principle of a six-match T20I series replacing the scheduled series of three ODIs and three T20Is should the PCB elect to make that switch.\"It also continued the complex but important discussions on the \"protection and promotion of international cricket within a changed landscape that is showing a growing number of domestic professional T20 leagues\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380222", "title": "Girl\u2019s body found in Bawana canal", "text": "NEW DELHI: A body of a girl was recovered from the Bawana canal on Sunday morning. Cops suspect the girl could have been sexually assaulted before the murder.The girl, without any clothes on her, had the letters 'NR' and 'RK' tattooed on her right hand and 'N' on her left hand, said a police source. She was also wearing a locket with 'Om' written on it and a gold earring in her right ear.The deceased, seemed to be in the age group of 14-16 years, has not been identified and could have been strangled to death. \"We received a call around 7am about a body floating in the canal. The body has been sent to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital,\" said a senior officer. He added that from the condition of the body, rape could not be ruled out. \"Preliminary investigations suggest the girl could have been murdered by a person known to her as there is no sign of a scuffle,\" said the cop. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14385657", "title": "Surat follows mythology trail to celebrate origin of Tapi river", "text": "SURAT: Following the tradition of Hindu Mythology, city will celebrate the birthday of Tapi river on Tuesday with a lot of fanfare.However, with state assembly elections approaching political leadership of the city too have jumped in fray with a lot of enthusiasm to perform pooja of the river which has been the lifeline of countries fastest developing city in last decade.According to the Indian culture and tradition, rivers are given the status of motherhood as they provide the vital source, water for the human habitation to flourish; people bow their heads to the river.The seventh day of Ashadh month of Hindu calendar is considered as a time of origin of Tapi River which runs through three states of MP, Maharastra and Gujarat covering a total path of 724 KM on its way. There are 24 small rivers that join in the Tapi river in its path and both the banks of Tapi river along with Narmada are considered as pious.Tapi river that originates at Multai village in Madhya Pradesh is considered as daughter of Sun. According to Hindu Mythology Tapi was born in the family of Sun who in turn created Tapi to make world a better place.Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has been celebrating this day since the last 35 years and this year too it has organized a programme in which almost all the local leaders of the ruling party will participate. Prayers will be offered and lighted lamps will float in the river to mark the occasion.Mayor Raju Desai of BJP, talking on the issue said, \"It is our tradition and we respect our river as we respect our mother. Hindu tradition has taught us to respect our source of living and there is nothing wrong in us continuing the tradition.\"With state assembly elections due this year end, no political leader from the opposition wants to get involved in the controversy on such issues. However Ashok Jirawala, city congress president said, \"It would do better if these people discuss and do something about Tapi's purification. For us too, Tapi is pious and we will also show a programme tomorrow to mark our respect for the river.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14383712", "title": "Delhi University to declare its first cutoff today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University will announce the first cutoff list for admission to various undergraduate courses across 60-odd colleges on Monday.Students can access the list at mid-night on DU's official website.While this there will be no shocker of 100% like in 2011, the cutoffs will remain high.According to DU sources, in fact majority of the courses across colleges are going to see an increase in cutoffs between 1% to 5%.St Stephen's which declared its cutoffs on June 20, 2012 already witnessed upto 7% increase and that is supposed to have set the trend for this year's forthcoming cutoffs.Admissions to the first cutoff list will start from Tuesday, June 26, 2012. While generally the admission period per cutoff list used to be of four days, this year it has been reduced to three days. The university will release the second cutoff on June 28, 2012 and admissions for which will start on June 29, 2012. And the third cutoff will be announced on July 3, 2012.The admissions for BA (honours) in English via CATE scores across 21 colleges will also start simultaneously and the first CATE cutoff is like to be 77% and above with Hindu, Lady Shri Ram and Kirori Mal colleges like to see the highest cutoffs among the CATE colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14380140", "title": "Former CM BS Yeddyurappa skips Nitin Gadkari son\u2019s wedding", "text": "Yeddyurappa did not attend the wedding of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's younger son Sarang in Nagpur on Sunday citing 'other engagements'.It was not for political reasons, his loyalists said, but because of the recent high court directive during his anticipatory bail hearing that he shouldn't leave Bangalore without the CBI's permission.While most of his loyalists were in Nagpur to attend the grand wedding, Yeddyurappa chose to spend Sunday at Jindal Naturopathy Institute on the city outskirts, where he underwent body-rejuvenation treatment. His media adviser confirmed this: ''Yeddyurappa had been planning a few days of rest and treatment. He will be out of the institute on Monday.''Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda was in Nagpur with a team of six ministers and several MLAs.KS Eshwarappa meets BS Yeddyurappa State unit president KS Eshwarappa met Yeddyurappa for over an hour at the Jindal Naturopathy Institute. Party insiders said the two discussed issues dogging the party. Both leaders have been at loggerheads with each other after the Yeddyurappa camp's revolt against Sadananda Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379659", "title": "Seven commit suicide in a single day in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: At least seven persons, including a 21-year-old girl student, committed suicide in various incidents in urban and rural Coimbatore on Saturday.Vigneswari of Chettipalayam, final year BSc student at Bharathiar University, committed suicide by consuming poison as she failed in her arrear examination. According to police she was depressed after she could not clear her examination and took the extreme step.In the second incident, K Gokila, 18, of Mettupalayam committed suicide by consuming poison as she was unable to bear the loss of her mother, who had died a few months ago. She was alone at her house when the incident happened. Mettupalayam police have registered a case and the investigation is on.In another incident, Vellingiri, 35, of KG Chavady died after consuming poison. On Saturday, he took the extreme step after a verbal duel with his family. In the fourth incident, a 24-year-old painter Krishnasamy of Kamarajar Nagar in RS Puram committed suicide by hanging at his residence.Palanisamy, 75, of Puliakulam committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder after his family refused him money to buy liquor. In the sixth incident, a 24-year-old Mathesh of Thondamuthur hanged himself at his house. Thondamuthur police have registered a case and the investigation is on. Rathinavel, 46 of Selvapuram took the extreme step on Saturday by hanging after his wife refused to live with him following a quarrel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14382075", "title": "Academy to organize music and dance meet for youths", "text": "MANGALORE: Here is good news for art buffs. The Karnataka Sangeeta Nritya Academy (KSNA) will soon organize a four-day Yuva Sangeetha and Nritya Sammelan for youthsIn an interaction programme with dance and music artistes of Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Kasargod in Suma Sadhana here on Sunday, Vyjayanthi Kashi, the chairperson of KSNA, said that during the Sammelan teachers would perform with their respective students. \"To save and promote any art, participation of more number of youths is very important,\" she added.The academy will upload documentary of one artiste onto the academy's official website www.karnatakasangeetanrityaacademy.org every month. The website was launched nine months ago. Stating that many artists across the state are unaware of benefits given by government, Kashi urged artists to e-mail their addresses to KSNA at karnatakasangeeta@gmail.com \"It will in turn will help KSNA to keep them updated about developments and happenings in the field of art,\" she added.\"I have requested minister for higher education to conduct music and dance exams for artistes. They should not take up these exams just for the sake of getting certificates but to standardize dance and music performances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379991", "title": "Five abduct, kill builder after loan con falls through", "text": "MUMBAI: Five persons were arrested on Saturday on charges of abducting and murdering a builder from Parel who had demanded back Rs 4 lakh he had paid them for obtaining a loan of Rs 2 crore. The accused includes a father-son duo who also dumped the body in a jungle along the Nashik highway.The builder, Ketan Kataria, went missing from his Nagpada home on June 17, and his body was recovered three days later. The accused hit him with a log, which led to his death, the police said. His car, in which he left home, was found near the Nashik station. The five arrested are Ashok Mishra alias Baba (60), his son Radesh (33), Prakash Cholekar (32), Sachin Alhad (33) and Sagar Sagde (25).According to the police, Kataria needed a loan of Rs 2 crore for a project in Panvel. \"One of the accused, Sachin, took Rs 2 lakh from Kataria, promising to get him the loan through a Kalyan resident, Ashok Mishra, who arranges finance. Mishra, who also doubles as a tantric and an astrologer, told Kataria that he would arrange for the amount through a cooperative bank in Ajmer. Mishra demanded Rs 5 lakh as the processing fees. Kataria paid Rs 4 lakh and promised to pay the balance once the loan was granted,\" said Vinayak Savde, senior inspector of Nagpada police station.Every time Kataria asked Mishra for the loan, he sought more time, the police said. Fed up, Kataria demanded that Mishra should return his Rs 4 lakh. \"It was then that Mishra and the four accused hatched the murder plan. They called Kataria to Kalyan on the pretext of returning his money,\" said investigating officer S Kadam.Unaware of their intentions, Kataria left home in his Santro, telling his wife that he was going to Kalyan to meet Mishra, Kadam said. But when Kataria did not return for three days, his wife lodged a complaint with the Nagpada police. They picked up Mishra who initially denied meeting Kataria but later, said he met the builder who left for Baroda. But Kataria's mobile location showed he was near Nashik highway before his mobile was switched off, cops said.Kataria's wife also told the police that when Kataria had called her on June 19, he sounded upset. Trailing the mobile locations, the police visited the Nashik highway junction where they stopped at a small cake shop at Dargaon village. \"The mobile location showed Kataria was near the shop. The shop had a CCTV camera installed. Checking the footage, we spotted Mishra's son Radesh and his friends there. When we asked Mishra about Radesh's whereabouts on that day, he remained evasive.We again detained Mishra and Radesh for interrogation,\" added Savde.Confessing to the crime, Mishra and Radesh told cops that they abducted Kataria in Kalyan and took him to Radesh's friend Prakash's flat where they tied him up and assaulted him. They later bundled him into Kataria's car and drove him to a remote place near Nashik where they asked him to alight, the police said. Even as Kataria stepped out, Prakash and Sachin hit him with a log, killing him, said the police. The accused later dumped his body in a jungle, a few kilometres from the shop, and abandoned his car near Nashik road before returning to Kalyan.The Nashik police will now take over the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14382191", "title": "76 prisoners shifted from Kannur Central Prison", "text": "KANNUR: Over 76 prisoners, including 34 accused in the Marad case, were shifted from Kannur Central Prison to the central prisons in Viyyur and Poojappura on Sunday. According to prison officials, 42 prisoners, including two goons serving imprisonment under Goondas Act, were shifted to Viyyur, while 34 accused in Marad case were shifted to Poojappura. Also five prisoners were shifted to the open prison in Cheemeni, Kasaragod.According to the prison authorities, the convicts were shifted by Sunday noon and handed over to the police as per an order issued by ADGP (prison) on June 17 following a high-level meeting convened by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan who visited Kannur Central Prison last month. As per the order, those who get additional punishment in murder case or more life term even as they are serving one were shifted from Kannur prison. Also, if there were multiple victims in a murder case, the accused would be shifted. Using this clause 34 of the 68 accused in Marad case were shifted to Poojappura. Some of them have already been shifted to Cheemeni, as they were eligible to be shifted to an open jail. A few prisoners are on parole and they will be shifted to Poojappura once they return.The 40 prisoners mainly include pro-CPM prisoners, including Andhyeri Sura, who involvement is suspected in the T P Chandrasekharan case, as also a few pro-BJP prisoners including Kaka Shaji. According to prison officials, a few more prisoners would be shifted in the coming days once a final list is prepared. Also, 10 prisoners - who are habitual offenders - were brought to the Kannur Central Prison from other jails and more transfers are expected in the coming week.Officials said that the shift happened because there were reports that CPM leaders were frequently visiting their party men here. Also reports that some prisoners were involved in Chandrasekharan murder conspiracy is another reason that forced the government to take this decision.Earlier this month the government had removed CPM district secretary P Jayarajan, former district secretary P Sasi and Janata Dal leader Thomas Nellikunnel from the advisory committee of Kannur Central Jail.The panel was constituted during the time of the previous LDF government. Last week, authorities removed 253 portraits, including that of many political leaders from different blocks of the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14381529", "title": "Another Naga rebel held as cops continue ops in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: The Army and police intensified their operation against the Dimasa National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) and the NSCN(IM) active in Dima Hasao district of Assam. In course of the operation in the Maibang subdivision of Dima Hasao, cops on Sunday nabbed another NSCN(IM) rebel.Ajang Po, the self-styled lieutenant of NSCN(IM), was nabbed from Milubra village near Lungting in the hill district at 11 am on Sunday in a joint operation by the 9 Madras Regiment and the police.Four DNRF and NSCN(IM) militants were killed in an encounter with the security forces and one Naga rebel was arrested in this village early on Saturday.Sources said the DNRF is engaged in extortion in Hatikhali, Lungting and some other areas of the district for the past year with its limited strength following the surrender of 30 of its cadres last year. However, the activities of the Dimasa outfit have become a cause of concern for the police and the security forces after it joined hands with the NSCN(IM).\"Both the outfits have been running extortion businesses in parts of the district. NSCN(IM) has issued 'notices' in Prasademik, Khepre and other villages in Dima Hasao near Nagaland border demanding Rs 200 per family as annual tax. Moreover, both the outfits have been issuing regular demand notes and extorting money through phone calls in Haflong and Maibang areas,\" said a police officer.\"The ongoing operation will not stop until the rebels are flushed out,\" said a security official.A senior district administration official on Sunday said the government is mulling setting up a number of outposts along Dima Hasao's border with Nagaland and Manipur only to stop Naga rebels from sneaking into the southern Assam district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381323", "title": "Kite strings snap power supply for five hours", "text": "NASHIK: Kite strings entangled with overhead electricity wires of 33 KV power and led to short-circuits as it began drizzling on Sunday morning, forcing south Nashik, comprising Cidco, Rajeev Nagar, Rane Nagar, Wasan Nagar, Pathardi and other parts to go powerless for five hours from 4am.\"As soon as it started drizzling at 2am, the strings got entangled with the wires connecting the Satpur and Ambad sub-stations and this led to a short-circuit, causing a disruption in power supply. Employees set things right, but the problem recurred four times from 3.30am, finally forcing the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to announce a five-hour break,\" a senior official said.\"Power supply first snapped at 2am, but it was back in a couple of minutes. Around 4am, power supply snapped repeatedly until it conked off. We called up MSEDCL officials, who kept saying that they were checking the faults and supply would be restored soon. But it took five hours to restore normalcy,\" Rakesh Dabhade, a resident Chetana Nagar, said.On whether there was a major problem, the official said that it was only a kite and strings that caused the problem. The 33 KV line is almost 9 km-long and after every failure, officials would patrol the area along the line on foot to find out the fault. The fault was detected at Datta Chowk, but he had no answer as to why it took five hours to restore normalcy.Consumer activists claimed that this was a failure of the pre-monsoon campaign as there was no technical problem. \"Generally, at the slightest of rain, the punctured pin-insulators on electricity poles give way, leading to sparks and power failure. However, in this case the culprit was the strings of a kite, which are always cleared pre-monsoon,\" Vilas Deole, of the Nashik Zilla Grahak Panchayat said.The power company claimed that it had a ring of power supply in place to ensure that areas with power supply problems could be isolated, thus enabling supply to most other areas. On why the entire south Nashik faced a problem, the official said there were some problems in laying underground cables in some areas, and that it will be completed in 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381969", "title": "Open Mumbai exhibition: Nine zones have oases of comfort", "text": "Churchgate has its Oval Maidan , Bandra its parks and Kandivli its playgrounds. Open Mumbai, an exhibition currently on at the Nehru Centre, reveals that around nine of the city's 24 wards are better off than other areas when it comes to gardens, parks, recreation grounds (RG) and playgrounds (PG). The situation, though, may not be as rosy, because not all spaces have been acquired by the BMC and many are poorly maintained.WARD A | Total reserved spaces 58, encroached 3The Colaba-Fort area has 55 gardens, parks, RGs and PGs. This is comparable to a few other areas of the city, but Ward A is a business district spread across only 12.5 sq km. It has the vast Oval, Cross and Azad maidans, as also Horniman Circle, Colaba Woods and defence areas. But, P K Das, architect and organizer of Open Mumbai, says the ward hardly has open space in the congested Colaba and Cuffe Parade residential areas. \"There are few parks and playgrounds in residential areas. People have to go elsewhere to find recreation areas,\" he says.F-NORTH | Reserved spaces 96, encroached 19F-North , which has a mix of middleand low-income households, has the most reserved gardens, parks, RGs and PGs in the island city. Upto 77 spaces are not encroached. But the degree of maintenance and encroachment varies from Dadar to Sion. Civic activist G R Vora said that in middle-class areas of Sion, Matunga and Dadar, open spaces are largely protected and maintained . But in Antop Hill, Sion Koliwada and Pratiksha Nagar, they are encroached upon by hawkers and also politicians who have built gyms and so on. \"Three open spaces in the area have been encroached. The BMC certainly does not care,\" he says.H-WEST | Reserved spaces 83, encroached 11Having been developed under the town-planning scheme, Bandra's residential areas are interspersed with a number of gardens, parks and a few playgrounds. Land's End Garden, Union Park, Anthony Braganza Kridangan , Joggers' Park, St Stanislaus ground and Patwardshan Udyan are a few of the ward's green lungs. Active citizens' movements have ensured that many open spaces are protected.K-WEST | Reserved spaces 103, encroached 9Andheri (West) is one of nine wards with over 100 reserved open spaces Over the years, a number of gardens have been developed through local MLA/MP funds in the Lokhandwala-Versova belt. The BMC has also taken up the beautification of gardens in Versova and Amboli.K-EAST | Reserved spaces 80, encroached 17Andheri (East) is the gateway for international and domestic travellers. It has the Kesarkar Park, Veer Savarkar Garden, Thackeray Udyan and Sathe College ground. Anup Talwar, a resident , says he has five gardens within walking distance of his home. \"It's a very good area. There are not many like these,\" he says. \"But some reserved spaces have been built upon.R-CENTRAL | Reserved spaces 126, encroached 19R-Central is one of the largest wards encompassing large swathes of Kan divli (W) and Borivli (W). It spreads over 50 sq km and has 107 un-en croached open spaces. \"There are options to play and relax. There is the Poisar gymkhana, but there are so many people on the jogging track in the morning that it resembles a railway platform,\" says Sonal Shah resident of Mahavir Nagar.M-WEST | Reserved spaces 164, encroached 22The Chembur area has some very well-maintained open spaces. With in its 19.4-sq-km area, there are 164 spaces, with just 22 encroached But it lost its largest playground, the Subhash Nagar maidan, to builders and citizens are fighting for a garden plot at Mahul to be given back to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation.N &amp; T WARDS | Reserved spaces 122 &amp; 126, encroached 19 &amp; 16These wards in the eastern suburbs have a huge number of reserved open spaces. The challenge, however is to acquire and maintain them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14378756", "title": "Rains lash Valsad, Navsari, but Surat still dry", "text": "SURAT: Rains were active once again in south Gujarat, except Surat, after a week of dry spell. Major parts of Valsad and Navsari districts recorded up to three inches of rains on Saturday and Sunday. However, Surat city received just 4 mm of rains even as Tapi district recorded no rains at all during the weekend.Pardi taluka of Valsad received 86 mm, Valsad 53 mm, Umargam 55 mm and Dharampur 22 mm of rainfall. Navsari recorded 43 mm, Jalalpore 42 mm and Gandevi received 26 mm of rainfall. In Surat, Choryasi recorded 20 mm and Mandvi 12 mm of rainfall.\"We expect heavy showers in the region this week,\" said an official of Indian Meteorological Department.The region is short by 50 per cent of rainfall as of now. Generally, south Gujarat records as much as 300 mm rainfall by June end. Majority of talukas in the region have not received 100 mm of rainfall so far and this has made farmers anxious.\"Two days of good showers will make up for the shortfall,\" the official said, adding, \"There is no need to worry. The region will have near normal monsoon this year too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14379005", "title": "Rain makes farmers happy", "text": "Garhwa: Disappointed by weak monsoon, farmers, who had lost hope of a good rainfall last week, are now happy with the torrential rain that lashed most parts of the district on Saturday.The district so far had recorded 1 mm of rainfall till Friday, shortfall of 99% as the normal rainfall is 79.7mm.However the torrential rain on Saturday has brought smiles on the faces of farmers. The agriculture scientist of local Krishi Vigyan Kendra, too, is optimistic that showers during the next couple of days will remove deficit as active monsoon is on the cards.\"The district will continue to receive good rainfall in the coming days\" said Sunil Kumar a local Met office.Farmers have started tilling their fields for sowing paddy. Moreover process also began for sowing maize.On the other hand, the torrential rain has caused major damages at different parts of the district. While it has proved a boon for farmers, bane for others. Traffic on Nagar Untari-Dhurki road has been obstructed as the diversion has washed away during the heavy downpour.Similarly, the diversion at Tahley Bridge has been closed for heavy vehicles following cracks.deputy commissioner RP Sinha has ordered closed of the diversion for heavy vehicles till completion of the Tahley Bridge which is under construction. \"Movement of light vehicles on the diversion will remain as usual,\" Sinha added.Tahley Bridge on Garhwa-Shahpur road which connects Garhwa to Daltonganj was washed away during heavy downpour in September last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14406371", "title": "The Dewarists bags bronze at Cannes Lions 2012", "text": "Indian show The Dewarists which featured Indian and International artistes who collaborated to creat musical stories through original compostions won the Bronze Lion at the Cannes Lion 2012The Dewarists a television series, part music documentary and part travelogue, bagged the bronze lion, under the Best non-fiction program, series or film where a client has successfully created a relaity, documentary or light entertainment show around a product or brands, at the Cannes Lions 2012, 59th International Festival of Creativity.The announcement was made online on June 24. The show featured some of the most inspiring musicians including Raghu Dixit, Shubha Mudgal, Vishal Dadlani, Swanand Kirkire, Monica Dogra, Humble The Poet, Midival Punditz, Karsh Kale, Imogen Heap , Zeb and Haniya among others who collaborated to create original music while travelling to locations across India.It was a platform where original music took centrestage and stories were told through various melodious compositions. Elated with the award the show received, Monica Dogra tweeted saying: \"I've been doing my happy dance.\"The show was put together by the OML Entertainment and Bacardi India.Akshata Shetty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381372", "title": "High School compartment exam on July 16", "text": "KANPUR: The compartment examinations of High School will be held on July 16. Students can obtain forms from the DIOS office.The Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad had organized compartment examinations for those High School students, who have failed in two subjects. Those who have failed and got poor marks in one subject can appear in improvement examinations. The compartment/improvement examinations for girls will be held in GGIC, Vijay Nagar. Boys can appear at GIC, Chunnganj.Student can also check UP Board website . for further details", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "14381444", "title": "Kurukshetra University professor arrested for firing at crowd after accident", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A senior professor of Kurukshetra University was arrested and sent to judicial custody on Sunday for opening fire on villagers after his car met with an accident with a cyclist on Saturday.The professor, Rakam Singh Chauhan, was charged with attempt to murder for firing two bullets from his revolver at the crowd when it came charging towards his car after the accident.\"Medical examination of Chauhan has confirmed that he was under the influence of alcohol when the accident occurred,\" said investigating officer Dayal Singh. The injured cyclist, 16-year-old Sandeep Singh, was admitted to PGI, Chandigarh, in a serious condition.The incident happened near Kheri village when Chauhan, who was earlier head of department of physical education department of the university, was returning from this native village Gagsina, Karnal to Kurukshetra on Saturday.Ramesh Kumar , a villager on whose fields Sandeep works as an agriculture labourer, told the police that the professor was driving his car rashly. \"When we rushed towards his car, he started firing. Though, nobody was injured in the firing, it could have been fatal,\" Kumar said.Despite the firing, the villagers did not let the professor flee from the spot and handed him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378860", "title": "Homoeopaths to support Indian Medical Association's token strike", "text": "NAGPUR: Homoeopathy practitioners have enlisted their support to the nationwide strike announced by the Indian Medical Association on Monday. Both the associations of homoeopaths from the city, Homoepathic Integrated Medical Practitioners Association of Maharashtra (HIMPAM) as well as Homoeopathic Medical Association of India (HMAI), have declared that their members will join their striking allopath counterparts and keep their clinics shut for the day.The homoeopaths are mainly supporting two motives of the strike - opposing the Clinical Establishment Act and the three-year Bachelor of Rural Health Care course. Both these moves, they believe, will have adverse effects on their fraternity if implemented.\"Most of us have our own clinics as there are very few homoeopathic hospitals. The government wants all the small establishments we have been running since decades to be equipped with a waiting area of at least 200 square feet and air conditioning, among other facilities. This may be impractical and unfeasible for most members of our association,\" said Dr Yogesh Doye, president of Homoeopathic Medical Association of Nagpur.The expenses, in turn, will force the doctors to raise fees which also would be unfair on patients, he added. Unlike IMA, who has demanded that the existing establishments be exempted from the act, the homoeopaths say that such a rule should not be in place at all.Dr DB Choudhary, secretary of the city unit of HIMPAM said, \"Many homoeopathic doctors practice in villages or peripheral areas of towns. BRHC graduates would make an unfair competition for us in these areas.\" He also said that several practitioners of ayurveda as well as homoeopathy are out of work and have been demanding government jobs since long. \"The already existing doctors are still not placed and are unutilized and the government is thinking of making more. Instead, can't they place us in these villages and provide us some opportunities as well,\" he asked.Members of the two organizations would join the IMA as they march to protest these two moves along with issues like creation of National Commission for Human Resources in Health Bill as a central body to overlook all disciplines of medicine and a proposed exit exam for doctors, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385874", "title": "Expats in Delhi will run for a cause next month", "text": "Delhi expats are planning to host a run for a cause event by end of next month in the capital. The initiative is carried out by few South African and English nationals who stay in Delhi. The run is for cause and will be held tentatively on 30th July.Says Cindy, a South African origin now based in Delhi, \"Our main aim to organise a run which is to support for a cause and also to bring together all expats who are staying in Delhi. It will be entertaining at the same time fun event that will involve people from all walks of life.\" She further narrates, \"We hope to get support from the embassy and want to create an awareness amongst the mass by spreading the message through various social networking sites. We also want participation from the locals residing in Delhi.We are still in the planning stage and soon will create a link and uploade it on the social networking sites that shall convey all the event details. We feel to create the buzz in advance so that we get more participation from people in Delhi and also from other parts of the country. Tentatively the event, is to be held on 30th July. The run will take place from Qutub Minar to India Gate. So far we have been spreading the message to friends and have been getting a good response.\" Celina , a UK origin who works in Delhi tells us, \" I'm so excited to hear about a run being organized in Delhi which will include lot of expats and other people. I have already started exercising and it will be enjoyable and a different experience for me to run on the Delhi roads.\"piyali.toi@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386203", "title": "Shalini Kapoor has fun in Delhi!", "text": "TV actress Shalini Kapoor who debuted as the sister of film director Parmeet Sethi in Dastaan and who was last seen on the mythological show Devon Ke Dev Mahadev, is having some fun in Delhi.\"After my character went off air, my husband and I were planning a short vacation to Delhi and we finally made it.\" Shalini, whose in-laws live in Delhi, opted for a train journey to the capital. So how did the little one react to this? \"Aadya my little daughter had fun and she was amazed to see the greenery from the window. She enjoyed viewing the mountains and rivers too, something she has seen on television and the computer.\" Shalini feels the train journey was important as she wanted her daughter Aadya to witness nature and appreciate it. Shalini will also do river rafting in Hrishikesh and has lots of adventures planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385729", "title": "Baljit Singh's debut album Gabru", "text": "UK born and raised Baljit Singh Biring (stage name Bal-B) sets out to release his debut single \" Gabru\". This song has given him an opportunity to put his passion for music into play. Born in 1994 Bal-B has grown up living a very desi environment and spending a lot of time in Punjab; Bal-B gained the knowledge and understanding he needed to help him launch his career in the Bhangra Industry. From a young age Bal-B would go through his dads record collection and dig up hits by legends such as Kuldeep Manak, Mohamed Siddique, Chamkilla etc. hoping that one day he will be amongst the collection of music held by a keen Bhangra enthusiast. Now the journey to becoming that legend has finally begun.Due to desire of being part of the Bhangra industry in 2006 Bal-B set out and adopted a \"breathe-eat-live\" attitude towards this aim. Joining forces with his older brother Vj Biring he began a road show- Intense Soundz which succeeded in providing him a colourful musical palette. After two years of pure dedication and hard work, Bal-B decided to join forces with another great home grown talent and close family friend Randeep Singh Chaggar also knows as DJ Randz and thus a new musically assorted and highly successful road show was born and given the name of Liquid Entertainment. This duo then went on to rightfully provide that vital second word for diversely aged audiences all over the world and with all the hard work and support they are grateful for receiving are still going strong to provide you with what you really want, need and have to have to make that wedding, birthday, club night or private booking a one to truly remember.Now Bal-B has decided to launch his first single \"Gabru\"; the song was written by \"Rana Kangawala\" of Wolverhampton and Produced by a friend within the industry who goes by the name of Bee2, the video was filmed partially in Bal-B's Pind \"Chachoki (Phagwara)\" and the remainder within his own land. Now Baljit thought his dream was complete; but the truth is it's only just begun. Baljit is currently working on multiple upcoming projects to follow on from his debut single in which you will see the young star push the boundaries of Bhangra music, this is certainly not the last you will see of this young artist.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14384238", "title": "China quake: Toll rises to 4, over 100 injured", "text": "BEIJING: At least four people have been killed and over 100 others injured in the 5.7-magnitude earthquake which has struck a remote mountainous area in southwest China, leaving a trail of destruction.Three residents have been reported dead in the county of Ninglang in Yunnan province and another one in the neighbouring Yanyuan county in Sichuan province.As of late Saturday night 102 people have been found injured due to the quake in Yunnan.And 20 among them were in serious conditions, according to the Langcang county government.The 5.7-magnitude quake struck the border of Yunnan and Sichuan provinces at 3.59pm (local time) on Saturday, followed by a 3.3-magnitude aftershock two minutes later, according to the China Earthquake Networks Centre.The epicentre was located at the border area between Ninglang and Yanyuan, where the Yi ethnic group live.The quake was strongly felt in Ninglang, and local authorities have sent rescuers and 1,100 tents, 3,000 quilts and 2,000 cotton-padded clothes to the the quake-stricken area.The quake struck at one of the regions in Yunnan that has high frequency of destructive earthquakes, said Zhang Jianguo, director of the quakeproof institute with the Yunnan provincial seismological bureau.It was a tectonical earthquake with a complicated geological structure in its epicentre area, which had several faulted structures extending to various directions, he said.Telecommunications networks and power supply were affected by the quake in some regions of the quake-hit area.The Yunnan Provincial Seismological Bureau has dispatched a team to the area to calculate the losses.A spokesman with the Yanyuan county government told Xinhua that the quake was not strongly felt in the county seat, but many houses in the countryside collapsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378785", "title": "Outstation students queue up at hostels for accommodation", "text": "RANCHI: With the admission season well and truly in progress, outstation students who have managed to get a seat in city colleges are now queuing up at various hostels and lodging facilities and hostels of the city. This year, even with several slots available at college hostels, students still prefer private lodges and hostels.Navya, who has secured admission at Ranchi Women's College for a Bachelors course in history, said, \"I considered the college hostel for accommodation, but didn't like it too much. Their rules are very strict and rigid and residents are not allowed to cook. With all these factors in mind, I decided to rent a room on or stay as a paying guest instead.\"There are more than a thousand lodges for students in the city, but freshers are still having a difficult time finding a room due to the rush. \"All good lodges have almost filled up and those available are too costly and out of my budget,\" said Shashwat, who will be studying at in St. Xavier's College for Commerce. Rooms in boys' lodges cost around Rs 1,200 to Rs 2,500 while the numbers are between Rs1,500 and Rs 3,000 for girls.Manoj, owner of a boys' lodge, said: \"There are two categories of rooms available for students. They can opt for the per-bed basis, where there are four bed in the room and costs Rs1,200 each or for a room for two with beds, table and cupboard that costs Rs 2,200.\" Girls' lodges are costlier as they require more security. \"I have appointed a guard in my hostel and so I am charging Rs 2,000 per bed\", said Rashmi, owner of a girls' hostel.Girls this year are mostly choosing private hostels over lodges as they offer more security. Manisha, who has come from Ramgarh, said, \"My parents are worried about my safety and they are looking for a good hostel with proper security arrangements. Lodges are comfortable but they don't offer much security.\"Students as well as student unions are agitated about the high cost of accommodation. Harish, a member of All Jharkhand Students Union, said, \"This year, owners have increased rent again. This is creating a problem for poor students coming from distant villages to study here.\" Raju, who has come from Godda, said, \"I have secured admission in Marwari College, but am unable to find a good lodge as they are all too costly. Being a cobbler's son, I really cannot afford to spend much.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380958", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle on cards, DMK lobbies for portfolios", "text": "CHENNAI: With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hinting at a cabinet reshuffle, some DMK MPs have started lobbying for portfolios. DMK sources say the PMO has indicated that there will be changes in the portfolios of DMK ministers of state and has conveyed the message to party chief M Karunanidhi.The DMK has gained political space at the Centre with the Trinamool Congress deciding not to support UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , who will step down as finance minister on June 26.While the DMK is not in the running for the finance portfolio, a handful of its MPs wish to occupy MoS posts. After the 2G case arrests and assembly poll defeat, Karunanidhi was not keen to nominate successors to fill the vacancies. With DMK-Congress ties under strain over the implication of DMK MPs Raja and Kanimozhi in the 2G case, Karunanidhi had told to his party cadre that the DMK \"will continue the alliance with bitterness\". Party leaders said he may now change his stand.\"Thalaivar (Karunanidhi) still doesn't want to fill the vacancies. But second level leaders have been trying to convince him,\" a senior DMK MP said. He noted that Karunanidhi had not denied considering reshuffling options at his recent press meets.\"This is the worst performance by the DMK ministers at the Centre so far. Many ministers have skipped key proceedings in Parliament. The PM is not happy with some DMK ministers. So the PMO has asked our leader to replace a few ministers and also offered to fill up the cabinet vacancies,\" a senior Congress leader said.If Karunanidhi is ready to accept the filling of existing vacancies, then DMK parliamentary party leader TR Baalu will get a berth again. Senior DMK MPs TKS Elangovan , AKS Vijayan and Trichy N Siva have chances of getting MoS portfolios, while some MPs have been also lobbying for MoS berths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14381098", "title": "Four-week-long drama workshop ends at Gaya", "text": "GAYA: The four-week long drama workshop for school children concluded on Saturday with the presentation of 'Ali Baba Chalis Chor' at the Renaissance Cultural Centre auditorium.The work shop to identify and tailor the hidden acting talent among the school children was jointly organised by the Renaissance Cultural Centre and Association of Gaya-based CBSE schools.Students from different CBSE schools including DAV and Creane Memorial school were trained by Meeta Mishra, a Delhi-based 2005 batch design direction graduate from the National School of Drama, a premier institute imparting training in different aspects of theatre and stage performance.While presenting 'Ali Baba Chalis Chor', the schoolchildren also took a tangent view of the prevailing education system lacking in moral training and quality as some of the members of the Ali Baba gang presented themselves on stage as school dropouts and products of the system based on mass copying during exams. The children also made fun of the wholesale production of Ph.D degree holders and came out with a new explanation of Ph.D (passed high school with difficulty).Purvi, playing the intelligent maid servant in the play, came out with a very good performance in the 70-minute long performance. Pragalbh as Ali Baba, Shubham in the role of Ali Baba's brother Qasim, lovely as Ali Baba's wife and Jaya in the role of Qasim's jealous and a bit callous wife, earned kudos from a select audience, which also comprised the art and drama teachers of different CBSE schools.Lauding the four-week long efforts of the workshop resource person Meeta Mishra, Renaissance President Sanjay Sahay said braving the more torrid Gaya summer 2012, Meeta, during the weeks of intense training, brought radical changes in the somewhat stage-shy school children, who were barely audible on the first day of the workshop.\"Those who saw the children on the first day of the workshop cannot easily believe that the same set of children virtually mesmerised the audience with their performance and dialogue delivery,\" said Sahay.Technically speaking, stage presentation of 'Ali Baba Chalis Chor' was extremely difficult on account of the requirements of the set and time and space constraints of a live show.Music at the play was live and not recorded as generally happens with stage performances these days, said Sahay, director of several plays including 'Janch Partal', 'Gawah', 'Tafteesh' and 'Vinod.' The highlights of the play included the stage creation of 'Khul Ja Sim Sim', making a mysterious opening through word command and the village market scene.Technically speaking, stage presentation of 'Ali Baba Chalis Chor' was extremely difficult on account of the requirements of the set and time and space constraints of a live show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380269", "title": "Maharashtra mantralaya fire: Did hydrogen batteries trigger fire?", "text": "MUMBAI: Was inflammable hydrogen in the form of hydrogen banks (batteries needed to keep UPS systems alive in case of power cuts) being stored in large proportions in the server room where the fire began? With the help of hardware and software experts, investigators are trying to find out what led to the fire spreading so quickly through the building.\"The probe mainly depends on what the forensic and fire brigade teams gather as technical evidence,\" an official said. Sources said most eyewitnesses have pointed out that hydrogen banks had been stored in the server room. Though investigators are yet to determine whether sparking took place in the UPS system, server terminals or the air-conditioning system, it is now confirmed that the server room was the source of fire. Incidentally, most fires at IT establishments in the past have been triggered by hydrogen banks.Fire brigade officials investigating the Mantralaya fire said the probe would be completed 'as soon as possible' and that it was 'premature' for them to comment on the issue at present. The city crime branch, which is conducting a simultaneous probe into the blaze, on Sunday recorded statements of five new witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14382047", "title": "CET counselling starts today", "text": "The online counselling for CET rank holders will get underway at the Mangalore CET helpline centre at the silver jubilee auditorium of National Institute of Technology - Karnataka (NITK), Srinivasnagar near here on Monday. G Umesh, in-charge director of NITK will inaugurate the online counselling programme for CET candidates and Raja Veera Indra, in-charge deputy director, the department of PU education will preside.According to Suresh Tunga, nodal officer of the centre, the counselling process will start with the reporting of students ranked 1-600 at 8am.Their counselling process will be held from 9am to 11am. The inaugural function of the counselling will be a brief one of 25 minutes duration from 8.30am. \"Counselling will be held in four batches covering students from rank 1 up to 2000 in all disciplines including medicine and engineering,\" he said. Students with ranks 601-1200 will have to report at 10.15am and their counselling process will be held from 11.15am to 1.15pm. Students who have ranks between 1,201 and 1,600 will have to report at 1pm and their counselling is scheduled from 2pm to 4pm and for those with ranks between 1,601 and 2,000 , the counselling will be held from 4.15pm to 6.15pm and they have to report at the centre at 3.15pm with all documents listed in CET brochure.Giving a brief snapshot of the counselling process, he said candidates would first register themselves at the registration counter, following which their documents would be verified. \"The originals will be returned to candidates after that. If documents are in order, candidates will be given computer generated acknowledgement with user id and password. They will be given a 30-minute AV presentation on how to register and 30 minutes hands-on experience session with computers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379865", "title": "It's final: Sea link extension junked, coastal road likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Extension of the Bandra-Worli sea link ahead of Worli seems impossible now. Mumbaikars may get a coastal road instead, but only if it gets environmental nod from the Centre.The attorney general of India, G E Vahanvati, sealed the sea link's fate in a letter to the MSRDC last week. Vahanvati has agreed with ex-Justice B P Singh's mediation report recommending that the sea link's extension was not possible and that the contract for this should be scrapped.The work to build the Worli-Haji Ali sea link was awarded to Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra). But differences cropped up between the two after the state government refused to give a bank guarantee to the MSRDC for sharing funds with RInfra despite promising to do so in the original agreement. Similarly, the BMC refused to offer the casting yard in Bandra for construction. Following this, Justice Singh's mediation was sought by both parties.Vahanvati's latest letter to the MSRDC has been accessed by TOI. In the letter, he suggests that both parties-the MSRDC and Reliance Infra-led consortium-should amicably terminate the agreement without any monetary liability on either side, with MSRDC releasing the RInfra's (Rs 100 crore) deposit as defect liability and both sides confirming that neither had any claim against each other.The MSRDC had referred Justice Singh's mediation report on the sea link to the attorney general and asked for his opinion. In his report, Singh recommended that the state and project's developer should end the contract to build the sea link's extension because terms in the contract were not met by the government and it was not viable for the developer to go ahead with the plan without the state's bank guarantee and casting yard. The AG said, \"The real problem seems to be that the MSRDC finds itself in a situation over which it does not have effective control. There is no certainty that the government will agree to execute the state-supported agreement as promised originally. I am in agreement with Justice Singh that unless these issues are resolved, this project can't be implemented.\"Vahanvati has also observed that the state has announced in the media that there is a proposal to build a coastal road in Mumbai and it's clear that both coastal road and sea link cannot co-exist. The letter nullifies MSRDC's claim for liquidated damages from Rinfra against the latter's alleged failure to achieve financial closure within 180 days of agreement as the report establishes that the MSRDC and the government were responsible for this sorry state of affairs and not the RInfra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379713", "title": "After Mira Road, lawlessness in Navi Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: After Mira Road, it's drivers in Navi Mumbai who are turning lawless, with some plying without meters, others charging fares as per illegal tariff cards, some plying without valid permits and ferrying five commuters at a time.\"We are at the mercy of drivers as most residents have to opt for autos,\" said Navi Mumbai resident and activist Madhu Chitale. \"Those who ply by meter have them rigged, whereas others shamelessly demand exorbitant fares. It is a public service and we (citizens) demand that the RTO and traffic police discipline the errant drivers,\" she stated. RTO officials were unavailable for comment. An official in the transport commissioner's office in Bandra said efforts were being made to enforce rules among drivers in neighbouring Navi Mumbai and Thane. \"A few months back, we had a tough time dealing with auto unions in Navi Mumbai which went on indefinite strike after fares were dropped by Rs4,\" the official stated.Now, drivers have become more arrogant and refuse to obey rules in certain areas. At Seawoods, for instance, locals have complained of exorbitant fares after midnight. A resident of Seawoods Estates Society, around 4km from the station, said, \"I usually have to pay Rs40 to travel from the station to the society gate. The charge goes up to Rs60 after midnight. Some rogue drivers demand more, especially during the dead hours, when there is no other form of transport.\"Some autos do not having meters. A driver said, \"We don't ply by meter as autos run on a sharing basis. However, I don't believe we overcharge passengers. Fares we demand are more or less relevant to what it would be by meter. As far as overcharging is concerned, there are drivers who come from unions outside our area, who we have no business with. They usually charge whatever they want and in such cases, passengers should complain to the RTO.\"Residents have also complained of refusals and overcrowding. The problem is worse during the monsoon. Said Ravi Srivastava, civic activist and an active member of India Against Corruption (IAC), \"Being a Navi Mumbai resident for long, I've faced my share of problems. We at IAC have received thousands of complaints, and RTO officials have even taken action against some drivers. However, rules are still openly flouted.\"In some areas, drivers allow a fourth passenger on the front seat, sometimes even a fifth. \"Though it's illegal and traffic cops have taken action, it continues to flourish across suburbs on shuttle routes, especially in Vashi,\" said Srivastava. Sunil Borde, head of a Vashi auto union, denied any knowledge about it but promised to look into the issue. Residents of Vashi, Nerul and Kharghar are among the most affected.The problem in Mira Road continues with many autos refusing to ply by the meter. An IAC volunteer said, \"Unless the traffic police crack the whip, Mira Road drivers will not mend their ways. Their 'dadagiri' will continue,'' he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14382116", "title": "Woman, her four kids cremated", "text": "MYSORE: A woman and her four daughters who died after consuming pesticide on Saturday at Uddur, were cremated en masse here on Sunday morning.The last rites were conducted after postmortem and religious ceremonies near the village lake in the presence of large number of villagers, relatives and others.Local leaders offered monetary help to the bereaved family, and blamed district minister S A Ramdas and the DC for being absent during the cremation.R Dileep termed the incident, wherein the four girls of Rajeshwari drank water laced with pesticide meant to spray on chilli crop, as accident. It is said Rajeshwari too consumed the same liquid after seeing her children writhing in pain.The incident happened when Rajeshwari and her four daughters went to the field on Saturday afternoon, and the latter consumed the liquid unwittingly. While four of them died in the field, the other died while being taken to a hospital. Rajeshwari married Gopal 14 years ago. The family is said to have borrowed huge amount from a co-operative bank for agriculture. Drought added to their misery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378718", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust gardens in a shambles", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) has failed to maintain 49 gardens including 40 mini-gardens it had developed across the city. This puts a question mark over the efficiency of NIT that has been entrusted with developing the metro region in the state's second capital.Public parks and gardens serve as lungs for a city that is fast turning into a concrete jungle. Today most of the parks and gardens are in a bad shape. The NIT's garden department admitted this in reply to a query asked under Right To Information Act by India Against Corruption activist K Dabholkar. Of the 49 gardens developed by the NIT, over 30 are in a neglected state.The NIT has also failed to provide even basic facilities at its gardens. About 39 gardens have no drinking water facilities, while 34 gardens are sans public toilets. Though toilets were made available at 15 places, lack of maintenance has rendered them of no use.The NIT invested a sizeable amount of money to give a facelift to some of parks like Sant Dyaneshwar garden, Rajiv Gandhi Udyan etc, and also developed gardens with landscaping and amusement enclosures. But in most cases, lack of proper maintenance has turned this investment into a wasteful expenditure.Dayanand Park, a children's amusement enclosure at Jaripatka, was set up by spending crores. The park turned out to be a huge draw among residents, especially those living in north Nagpur, after the landscaping and amusement enclosure were done at the park. \"But today, the park lies in complete neglect with all the amusement equipment, slides, etc either damaged or worn out. Broken iron rails and rusted steel edges pose a threat to the children,\" rued residents.Many parks have become a refuge for antisocial elements at nights. A case in point is the Lata Mangeshkar Udyan, where the compound walls are damaged and antisocial elements jump over the fence, a miffed resident of Vaishali Nagar Prakash Meshram said.Many gardens have no benches to sit. Garbage are strewn at many others. There are pits all over the place and garbage is thrown right at the entrance, allege morning walkers at Sant Dyaneshwar garden.\"Defunct lights and mucky recycled water of the decorative fountain inside Dayanand park make these an eyesore. The NIT is collecting entry fee, still the park is crying for maintenance,\" say residents.Like NMC, it is high time that the NIT ensured better maintenance of gardens, say residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379109", "title": "Ahmedabad cops to visit Maharashtra in cannabis recovery case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a huge cache of cannabis found from a man near Ellisbridge, a police team will visit Maharashtra to know the supply chain. On Saturday, a team of Ellisbridge police had caught Kanaiyalal Koli, 30, a native of Meghav village in Bhind district of Madhya Pradesh , living at Gorakhnath temple in Sola, with seven kilograms of cannabis worth 1.75 lakh.Koli confessed that he was in touch with the local dealers and used to visit the city more than twice a year with the contraband.PL Parmar, inspector of Ellisbridge police station, said that Koli has named Batuksinh Chudasama, a resident of Sola, as the local contact person. \"Koli used to come with the stock of cannabis, generally consumed in close-knit community in the city, and return after getting the money. Initially, he would come with smaller quantity but when he was not caught, his confidence grew and he would come with kilograms of contraband,\" he said.Parmar added that they have identified the supplier as a man known as Bhagwanbhai in Maharashtra. \"We suspect that the farmers would illegally produce cannabis and then supply in black market. We will send a team to the neighbouring state for further probe,\" he said. Koli is in police remand for seven days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381589", "title": "Rs 22k lakh in central purse for rural northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union rural development ministry has allocated Rs 22,507 lakh for northeastern states including Sikkim under the Swarnajayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojana (SGSY) and the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) for 2012-13. This amount, which is the central fund, will be supplemented by the total northeastern states' share is Rs 2,500.78 lakh. tnnAccording to the ministry, Assam got the highest allocation of Rs 16,194 lakh of the central fund with the state share being Rs 1,799.33 lakh. The grant is meant for 27 district rural development agencies (DRDAs). Meanwhile, Tripura, with four DRDAs, got the second highest slice with an allocation of Rs 1,960 lakh, with the state's share at Rs 217 lakh. The figures for Manipur is Rs 1,216 lakh and Rs 135.11 lakh. Meanwhile Centre's share of allocation for Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim and Mizoram are Rs 834 lakh, Rs 632 lakh, Rs 313 lakh and Rs 281 lakh respectively. These states' share of allocations are Rs 92.67 Lakh, Rs 69.22 lakh, Rs 34.78 lakh and Rs 31.22 lakh.SGSY was launched by the Centre in 1999 to provide employment to people in rural areas through self-help groups. The ministry of rural development has called a national conference of project directors, chief executive officers of DRDAs from all the states across the country from July 9 to 10 in New Delhi for sharing the experiences and information on rural development programme in their respective states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14378743", "title": "Innocent women in list of sex workers", "text": "BHANDARA: In a shocking incident, a local non-government organization working in the field of AIDS control, registered names of woman self-help groups and household woman from respectable families as commercial sex workers (CSWs) without their knowledge and minted Rs 50 lakh given as grant in the last five years. The names of these women have been registered as CSWs with Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society, Mumbai.NGO Jaylaxmi Education Society, Bhandara, works for AIDS prevention and control. Sulabha Mhaske is the president of the society while her husband Bhagwan, an employee in the health department of the ZP, is secretary. The society was given target intervention project concerning CSWs and an annual grant of Rs 10 lakh was given. Creating awareness, taking preventive measures and keeping away new entrants to the field was the purpose behind the project for which 300 CSWs were to be registered.CSWs were appointed as link workers to identify the practitioners of the profession and they were paid Rs 500 per month and an incentive of Rs 50 per case. But the link workers did not go to vulnerable areas of the district and were moving in the District Government General Hospital. They would take women coming for treatment at the outpatient department and register their names as CSW. The patients were kept in dark about the real motive.The matter came to light when an unsuspecting lecturer in a junior college was called by the counsellor at the Government Hospital as her name was in the list of CSWs' list. She got irritated as she was questioned about her involvement in the profession and the money she earns from it. When confronted, the counsellor said that her name was also included in the list of CSWs by Jaylaxmi Education Society. Then another woman working as coordinator revealed that her name and those of the co-workers were also in the list. She said that they were attending the meetings and signing the proceeding book due to which their names might have been included.As complaints against the NGO started coming in and those concerned not taking any cognizance, a team from regional centre in Bhopal and another from MSAC came to Bhandara. It found the records fabricated. The teams asked the office-bearers of the society to produce just three CSWs from the list, but the NGO could not. The project was closed on March 31 on the recommendation of the teams. However, the said NGO is still running community care centre and link workers project related to AIDS.Office-bearers of Jaylaxmi Education Society were not available for comment. District project officer of AIDS Control Society Dr Laxman Ramteke admitted that the names of innocent women were included in the list. But the project had now been closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381339", "title": "District wants 21 more godowns to increase its food security", "text": "NASHIK: Aiming to augment the food storage capacity, the district supply office has proposed construction of 21 godowns at the cost of Rs 45 crore.The capacity of storage of foodgrains and oil will go up from 11,300 metric tonnes (MT) to 63,540 MT in two years, officials said.As per the central government's decision on making additional provisions towards implementation of the Food Security Bill, the administration has to ensure holding capacity of foodgrains, sugar and edible oil for two months on the whole, along with 25% of the same, in addition. The district supply office has therefore proposed construction of the godowns.A proposal has been sent to the state government, officials from the district supply office said. Under the bill, the district is expected to have the storage capacity of 63,650 MT of foodgrains, oil and sugar, which is in addition to the large store houses of the Food Corporation of India (FCI).The district administration has decided to augment storage capacity and make additions. Under the proposals, talukas like Deola, Surgana, Trimbakeshwar, which do not have godowns, will see new one of varying capacities being set up.Of all the work, the Nashik urban capacity is 3,000 MT out of 4,000 MT and it includes the 2,500 MT capacity godown being constructed at Nashik Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "amroha (up)", "code": "14383674", "title": "15 killed as bus rams into tree near Amroha in UP", "text": "AMROHA (UP): At least 15 people were killed and 24 others injured, two of them critically, when a bus rammed into a tree on Amroha-Joya road in the early hours on Monday.The incident took place at around 2am when the overloaded bus coming from Haridwar was on its way to Kamalpura village in Sambal district, police said.While 13 persons were killed on the spot, two others succumbed to injuries in a hospital.All the victims belong to an extended family and were returning from Haridwar after attending a 'mundan' ceremony.Shakeel Ahmed, ASP, J P Nagar said, \"Investigation and rescue work are on\".The driver fled from the accident spot. The injured are admitted in Amroha and Moradabad government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379365", "title": "A fusion of fun and food marks Times Evening", "text": "KOLKATA: With the 'Cinderella hour' being stringently followed in the city nightclubs, Saturdays are no more fun. But if you ask the residents of Ekta Oleander housing complex, they would beg to differ. The residents of the complex on Radhanath Chowdhury Road had fun galore at the Times Evening organized by the Times of India on Saturday.It was yet another fun filled and joyous evening, this time for the residents of Ekta Oleander housing complex at Radhanath Chowdhury Road on Saturday, as The Times of India organised Times Evening, presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors &amp; Aviva Life Insurance. Prizes sponsored by IFB, Palki, Propello Innovations Pvt. Ltd., Sun-kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals &amp; Tangerine.The evening started off with the sit-and-draw competition where 35 children between five and twelve years of age added colours to their imagination. of age group of 5 to 12 years participated in painting their imagination.The first prize was won by Muhummed Hussain. The second prize went to Nimisha Agarwal, while and the third prize was bagged by Srimanti Mukherjee bagged the third prize. a class I student.While first prize was won by Ambareen Nadeem's shahi toast made way to the chef's heart, the second prize was bagged by Barun Jindal bagged the second prize for his rasogolla icecream. The third prize was won by Bhavisha Ginani for her egg mac cake and a special prize was given to Kavita Ginani for her item maggi cutlet. The contest was judged by renowned chef Pradip Rozario.People made a beeline Next was the interesting made for the made for each other contestin which 11 couples participated. The first prize was bagged by Kavita and Rajesh Singhi. Tamanna and Kousik Dey bagged the second prize and Haimanti and Sourav Mukherjee were the third prize winners. Then came the much anticipated Times Tambola competition in which 143 residents participated. The Jaldi Five went to R K Chalti. The first row was bagged by Riya Khan, second row by Ankita Biswas and the third row went to Megha Chaudhuri.The full house also went to Riya Khan who received an electrical chimney from Propello. Debabrata Chakraborty, the zonal manager of Propello gave away the prizes to the winners of the Tambola round.The curtains came down as residents swayed to popular numbers that were performed by Debangshu Majumder. evening ended with the musical performance by Debangshu Majumder, who sang some of the popular numbers to which the residents clapped and danced.P R Dey, a resident of the complex, thanked TOI for presenting them with such a wonderful evening. The event was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors and Aviva Life Insurance. The prizes were sponsored by IFB, Palki, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals and Tangerine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14378753", "title": "Man kills wife suspecting infidelity", "text": "AMRAVATI: In a tragic incident, suspecting her fidelity, a man brutally killed his wife in front his eight-year-old son. The incident took place at Vyas Layout on the wee hours of Saturday.According to information, Kishor Kanse used to live with his wife Ranjana and eight-year-old son in Vallabha Nagar, Vyas Layout locality of the city. Kanse was attached with one local newspaper of the city as paster. On Saturday morning around 3.30 am after returning home from his workplace, Kanse killed his wife Ranjna with a sharp weapon and latter surrendered himself to the police.In the statement given to the police, Kanse mentioned that he was fed up with his wife's infidelity. Even though he repeatedly told his wife not to keep contact with others, she did not listen to him. Kanse told the police that on the fateful day when he returned home after finishing work, he felt the presence of a man in her room who fled as soon as he entered home. He said he let his wife sleep and told his eight-year-old boy to sleep in other room and attacked on his wife with the weapon which he had bought from the market few days back. Kanse had stashed it in his house. When Kanse's eight-year-old son heard the yelling of his mother, he came out of the room and started pleading his father not to kill his mother. But Kanse killed his wife in a fit of rage. He latter rushed Rajapeth police station along with his son and narrated the incident to the cops.Talking to TOI, PI Bhagwan Koli said that at around 3.30 am Kanse came to the police station along with his son, put sharpened weapon smeared with blood and narrated the story how he killed his wife. We rushed the spot and did panchanama and hand over case to Kholapuri gate since incident held in jurisdiction of kholapuri gate police station, he said.Police registered an offence against Kanse under relevant Sections of IPC. Sources said that Ranjana was the second wife of Kanse. He had divorced his first wife and latter married Ranjna and often used to doubt her character, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vijayawada/vizag", "code": "14380469", "title": "'Major changes in party after presidential polls'", "text": "Vijayawada/Vizag: Hinting at sweeping changes in the government and party after Presidential elections, senior Congress MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao said the high command is upset with the way party is being run in the state.Speaking to reporters after a visit to Kanakadurga temple on Sunday, Rayapati said the high command was not happy with the state of affairs in the party and the government. The MP said the party is not in a position to fight the next election with the current leadership and was looking at making drastic changes to rejuvenate the party activists. He said the leadership in the state has failed in creating enthusiasm among the party workers.\"We are unable to name even the mandal party presidents. How could we win the elections without party functionaries at the ground level?\" he sought to know.He said the entire organisational strength was systematically weakened by the state leadership resulting in the worst ever result for the party in the recent byelections.Meanwhile, Union minister of state for human resource development D Purandeswari said measures to strengthen organisational set-up have been taken to regain confidence of the people. Speaking in Vizag, she said discussions have already started at various levels following the bypolls.She said PCC chief and CM were holding meetings and discussions with district-level leaders to give a new direction to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381634", "title": "DU: A place for everybody", "text": "Students and parents are awaiting the first cut-off list for Delhi University colleges to be put up on June 26. The cut-offs will be the deciding factor for students looking for admission in DU. However, with a majority of applicants scoring above or within the bracket of 90%, there may be tough competition for students to get admission into their desired colleges and courses. Sunanda Tulsyan, having scored 90% in class XII, wants to study the BA (Programme) in Hindu College for which the final cut-off was 93% last year. But she is confused as to whether she should opt for the BA (Programme) or whether she should take economics (Hons), because she wants to join the civil services in future.\"I cannot choose between BA (Programme ) and economics (Hons), because I don't think that with 90% I will make it to Hindu College. But, if I could get economics at Lady Shri Ram (LSR) or Miranda House, I would rather opt for it. I want to join the civil services, so I want to keep my options open,\" she says.This is a dilemma that most aspirants are facing as a large number of students having scored 90% or above are doubtful if they would get their choice of course or would have to compromise for a well known college. PC Jain, principal, Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), stresses, \"A large section of students this year has scored above the 90 percentile and we are making efforts to not let the cut-offs go as high as 100% like last year. But, students should be sure about the course they want to study and focus more on academics and extra-curricular activities rather than concentrating on placement factors exclusively. This is because a strong academic background will open up opportunities. These days, skills like communication, etc, make the difference and are considered seriously by recruiters.\"However, cut-offs for economics at SRCC will see a change this year. Till last year, science and humanities students had an edge in terms of two-three percent for economics (Hons) over commerce students. This year, it will be reduced to one percent for both.\"The move has been taken after last year's experience when several students from the science background took admission in economics (Hons) and later went on to pursue other subjects within their stream. Thus, they blocked seats, preventing many deserving students from getting admission,\" informs Jain. According to DC Varshney, deputy dean, south campus, the highest number of applications were received for BCom (Hons), English (Hons), economics (Hons), BA (Programme), followed by mathematics and BSc (Hons). \"The number of applications this year for popular courses has surpassed last few years' records. It is possible that the cut-offs for most of these courses will go up by 1-2 %, but it depends on how many science students will opt for other courses,\" says Varshney.However, while the cut-offs seem to get higher every year along with the average scorecard, students who have scored 60-70 % need not lose heart.Says JM Khurana, dean, students' welfare , \"Science students with this score bracket can certainly get admission to a good college in DU. A large number of science students opt for engineering or medical colleges, and hence, the rush is less as compared to other courses.\"He further adds that commerce students who could not make it to the morning colleges, have an option of joining evening colleges, which are as good. \"Humanities students have scope in the BA (Programme), for which the number of seats is much more in the colleges as compared to the available seats for the honours courses,\" adds Khurana. Also, students can opt for other institutions like Ambedkar University (state university ), which has a range of UG courses on offer or can even opt for vocational courses offered by Ignou or join the School of Open Learning (SOL).According to Sheffali Narang, media consultant, Ignou, there are no requisite cut-offs . The only requirement is that students should have completed their class XII from a recognised board for admission to the undergraduate courses at Ignou.\"Even students who have not completed their class XII can take admission in Ignou after completing Ignou's Bachelor Preparatory Programme,\" she says.Besides, students who want to opt for technical/professional courses, can consider Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU). Among the courses that it offers, BTech and law programmes are popular among students.Also, as HC Pokhriyal, executive director , SOL, points out, \"We have different cut-offs for different courses. While for the BA programme, students securing 40% can apply, for the BCom programme , students with 40% can apply. Also, for BCom (Hons), students with 55% can apply and for BA political (Hons), students who have got 55% can apply. Besides, concessions will be granted to differently-abled students, OBC/SC and ST students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379154", "title": "3.6% of annual rainfall received", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has received 29 mm rainfall so far, which is 3.64 per cent of its annual rainfall of 798 mm. Till 8.30 am on Sunday, 14 talukas in five districts received rainfall. Lathi taluka in Amreli received the highest rainfall of 74 mm on Sunday. However, northern parts of the state, including Ahmedabad city, remained largely dry. Officials in the revenue department's control room said that of the 225 talukas in the state, four have received over 125 mm of rainfall. tnnThe season's highest has been received in Kaprada taluka in Valsad at 178 mm, followed by Limbdi in Surendranagar (173 mm), Babra in Amreli (146 mm) and Bardoli in Surat which received 137 mm rain.According to data released by the state government, 68 talukas have received rains between 51 mm and 125 mm till Sunday and have covered most parts of the state.While Ahmedabad district has received only four per cent of its annual rainfall of 695 mm so far, Rajkot district has received the highest - nine per cent. Its annual rainfall is 562 mm. It is followed by Surendrangar and Amreli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14381009", "title": "Zoo pairs cat family, hopes good breeding", "text": "PATNA: The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, has completed pairing of its cat family and expects good breeding during the 2012-13 season.The park, spread over 153 acres, has recorded successful animal exchange programmes during the last eight months. Nisha, Gita and Rina, the three female leopards of the zoo, got their male mates after a few successful exchange programmes with other zoos of the country. One pair of leopard was brought to the park from the Guwahati zoo. Pallo, Motki and Fatinga, the other female leopard cats, also got their male partners who arrived from the Sephahizala Zoo in Tripura and the Guwahati zoo.\"The cat family of the Patna zoo is strong now. For the first time, the zoo has got a pair of Asiatic lions from the Hyderabad zoo,\" said Abhay Kumar, director of the zoo. Before the exchange programmes, the park used to have an unequal number of tigers and lions. This prevented the breeding process of the cat family at the zoo.\"Before bringing new animals, we check their health and age. We try to bring animals approaching adulthood. All the animals which we have brought in the last four exchange programmes are between 2.5 years and 5 years. Animals of this age can easily adapt to changes in their surroundings and be helpful in breeding,\" said the director.The zoo authorities have finalized the process to bring a pair of chimpanzees from the Nandan Kanan Zoo of Orissa. \"We are waiting for suitable weather as hot weather is not appropriate for transportation of any animal,\" said Kumar. A 10-month-old female giraffe will be exchanged for the pair of chimpanzees.The director said that rhinoceros, hippopotamus and crocodiles are most in demand from other zoos under the exchange programmes.The zoo has altogether 1,200 animals, which include different species of birds, reptiles, mammals etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380859", "title": "Fraud victims owed over Rs 1,500 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: With cheats always finding new ways to defraud investors, more than 5 lakh depositors in the state are yet to be repaid a staggering Rs 1,565.54 crore that they deposited in fly-by night companies and various fake schemes.Officials of the economic offences wing (EOW) of the state police said they are taking steps to recover the money lost by the depositors. The EOW has recovered almost 1,300 crore and repaid around 7 lakh depositors since 2000.R Arumugam, inspector-general of police EOW-II, said the department is taking stern action against fraudsters. \"Investigation into several cases is underway,\" he said. \"We will recover money from cheats and return it to victims.\"Police said there has been an increase in the number of people getting conned. Many fraudulent financial firms cheat people by offering high interest rates, multi-level marketing companies and network marketing businesses.\"A total of 12,56,568 depositors invested Rs 2859.48 crore in fake companies and defaulting financial institutions,\" an EOW officer said. \"We have so far repaid Rs 1,293.94 crore to 6,93,280 depositors .\"The EOW has yet to seize Rs 1,565.54 crore from the bank balances and liquidation of assets of cheats, he said. Properties worth approximately Rs 1,630 crore have been identified for sale to repay victims of fraud in the state.Officials said several depositors fall for get-rich-quick schemes, hoping to earn huge returns by investing in fraudulent schemes.EOW officials said many complaints pertained to internet fraud. A website (www.work2sms.in) asked people to invest Rs 1,000 to Rs 50,000 per month, promising to multiply deposits within six months. \"Swindlers cheated many people through the website,\" the officer said. EOW officers say tracking online fraudsters can be very difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "14380272", "title": "Here, you can\u2019t drive after dark", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Kavita Goel, a homemaker from Country Homes (North), does not like to drive into the city in the evenings because the stretch to Ferozepur Road, which she has to take, has hardly any streetlights that function. Kavita says driving her Honda Accord does not feel safe on the road after dark because either the lights are damaged or the poles have no lights.Sharing her grouse, many residents of the posh South City, Country Homes and Sukhmani Enclave complain that the authorities have not been paying attention and maintaining the stretch. While the public works department washed its hands off claiming that it is the municipal corporation's work, the latter said it will look into the matter.MC promises to repair streetlightsResidents of South City, Country Homes and Sukhmani Enclave complain that it is hard for them to drive out to the city after dark because there are hardly any streetlights.Charanjeet Singh Bains, executive engineer of PWD said, \"Maintenance of roads connecting South City and Sukhmani Enclave to Ferozepur Road through the small bridge on Sidhwan Canal is under my department but streetlights are looked after by MC.\" Commissioner MC M S Jaggi said, \"Now that the matter has been brought to our notice we will get the streetlights repaired.\"The assurance is little consolation to Kavita Goel of Country Homes. \"There is no side wall for the canal along the road making it very risky to drive through the road. There have been many accidents due to non-functional streetlights,\" says Kavita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14379589", "title": "Mahi pulled out dead: 80-hour rescue effort ends in tears", "text": "GURGAON: A dramatic 80-hour-long rescue operation to save Manesar girl Mahi came to nothing on Sunday afternoon as rescuers pulled out the lifeless body of the four-year-old from the 68-foot-deep slanted borewell ditch. She was taken to hospital where she was declared dead. The postmortem said the child had suffocated to death within six hours of falling into the ditch on Wednesday night.A local villager stepped in after Army jawans had given up, calling conditions underground life-threatening. Soraab Khan gasped as he emerged from the ground with bad news. He had dug for an hour and a half in low-oxygen conditions to tunnel his way horizontally through a plate of rock to the spot where Mahi had got stuck. But, it was in vain. The ditch has now been covered with concrete. If only someone had done so a few days ago.\"We brought in some well-diggers from nearby villagers, who are experts in the job, and they were able to stay inside the pits for over an hour, digging the horizontal tunnel,\" said an administration official who was a the site. Unfortunately, it all turned out to be of no use. \"The body showed signs of decomposition when it was recovered. There are no injury marks, which implies that there was no free-fall to the bottom of the ditch, but a gradual slide. The well was quite narrow at about 8 inches in diameter,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at the Civil Hospital who carried out the postmortem.Breathable oxygen was supplied inside the ditch through a hose-pipe five hours after the incident took place, which according to Mathur was already too late. \"Asphyxia can cause death very promptly. So the oxygen supplied five hours after the girl fell did not help,\" he said.On recovery, the body was swiftly taken to ESI Hospital in Manesar, where Mahi was declared \"dead on arrival\".The girl's distraught parents blamed the district administration for causing inordinate delays in the rescue mission. \"They didn't provide help at the right time. Not the police, nor the district administration. It is because of their laxity that I have lost my child,\" said Sonia, Mahi's mother.While that debate will continue for the next few days, the actual culprits are those who arbitrarily dig up borewells and leave them uncovered, leading to one disaster after the other. The borewells are often dug by those selling water illegally or for commercial use. In their eagerness to profit from water shortage, very often, dry wells are abandoned half way through, callously leaving the pits open or not properly covered.According to sources, the CCTV footage of the trapped child made it clear to the rescue team on Saturday that chances of the girl's survival were zero. The footage showed no movement whatsoever, with even some signs of decomposition perceptible. But the information was kept under wraps.The girl's father, Neeraj Upadhyay, said, \"We were not told of her condition for all these days. I asked them even on Saturday about her, but was kept in the dark.\"Within hours of the tragic find, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda announced that the family of the girl would be \"adequately compensated\", and that the people accountable would be brought to book. \"Those who are found guilty in this case will be punished. If people find such open pits in their areas, they should inform the district authorities,\" he said. The district administration of Gurgaon has ordered a magisterial probe in the case.Times ViewYet again, an innocent life has been lost because of callous neglect on the part of some and the failure of the authorities to enforce the law. In this particular case, the owner of the building in which Mahi's family were tenants must be brought to book for leaving an uncovered abandoned borewell on the premises. He must be prosecuted for causing death due to negligence. The authorities responsible for monitoring drilling activity should also face disciplinary action for having failed in their duty. No amount of lamenting will bring Mahi back, but stern punishment to those responsible will go some way towards ensuring that such incidents do not occur as often as they do today. Mahi's family must also be given a compensation of not less than Rs 10 lakh and a part of this money must come from those held responsible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378788", "title": "Common Admission Process forms sale rakes in Rs 24.61 lakhs in just 10 days", "text": "NAGPUR: The sale of admission forms has resulted in a windfall gain for the Common Admission Process (CAP) this year with almost Rs 25 lakhs earned in just 10 days. The official sale figures for Sunday were not available and forms will continue to be sold till Monday evening, meaning revenue for CAP Committee will continue to move northwards.A total of Rs 24.61 lakhs has been collected till closing of business hours for CAP on Saturday and the higher revenues are directly related to the increase in cost of forms. Students have purchased 18,073 forms for general science faculty and 7,373 forms for bifocal. The general science form this year is being sold for Rs 75 as compared to Rs 50 last year, while the one for bifocal faculty is being sold for Rs 150 against the Rs 100 cost last year.Baban Taywade, who initiated the CAP system a decade ago in Nagpur and is on its management committee, said the increase in cost had become a must. \"The price of forms had to be increased because from this year we have stopped admissions to commerce faculty, which has directly affected our revenues. Whether we give admission to 10,000 students or 20,000, our fixed costs remains the same. We have to operate the form distribution and submission counters, pay for the software and data collection, advertisement etc,\" said Taywade.CAP is the only system through which students can get admission to science faculty in city colleges. From this year, the commerce faculty has been excluded due to poor response and even in science faculty, Hislop College has pulled out without citing any reasons. Minority colleges are anyway bound to offer only 50% of their seats through CAP, the rest they can fill in directly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379152", "title": "Film fraternity pledges fight against piracy", "text": "KOLKATA: While the Bengali film industry is going through resurgence, there are various issues plaguing it. Not only are Bengali films and songs being pirated, movie theatres across the state are also closing down at an alarming rate. The Indian Chamber of Commerce organized a panel discussion at a city hotel on Saturday to get different viewpoints on the and find a solution to these problems. In attendance were luminaries from various walks of life -actors, directors, musicians, scriptwriters and industrialists who they appealed to the state government to bring in legislation to curb the practice.An earnest request to the state government to bring in legislation to stop piracy of Bengali movies, songs and inability to protect the closure of movie theatres across the state reverberated at the Indian Chamber of Commerce organized panel discussion in a city hotel on Saturday. Attended by luminaries from various walks of life, veteran actors, newbies, popular movie stars, directors, scriptwriters and musicians from Tollywood, the evening brought out the ailments wrecking the film industry as well as the reasons which have ensured a resurgence of the Bengali entertainment industry.Srijit Mukherjee, director of films like Baishe Srabon, Autograph and Hemlock Society, said, \"Three weeks after the release of my film Baishe Srabon, I was surprised to find the CD of the movie on the pavements of Gariahat. Though the seller was all praises for the movie, what pained me was that the pirated CD was available within such a short span of time. We lose huge revenue in this manner. There are legislations in Maharastra but not here.\"Srijit's view was endorsed by Arijit Dutta, MD of Priya Entertainments. \"Movies are made for theatres and not for the sitting rooms at home. There is yet a lot to be done by the state government who should make laws to stop piracy,\" Dutta said.Srijjit suggested fan club members to take to the streets to protest against piracy. \"It is time to become aggressive about vernacular cinema as is the case in states like Karnataka,\" he added.Actor Jeet, however, felt that preventing piracy was not the responsibility of the government alone. \"Popular consciousness is the only way out. By only making laws and rules not much can be changed,\" the actor added.Piracy was prevalent in the music industry as well, said singer Anupam Roy and SF Karim of Saregama spoke on the prevalence of piracy in the music industry. SF Karim said, \"Puja-r gaan which was a rage earlier, is now almost nonexistent among listeners. Even in the year 2000, 30 lakh cassettes and 5 lakh CDs were cut. Now, in 2010, there is no market for cassettes and as far as CDs are concerned, the sale is up by only 5 lakh. The only genre which has survived the tide of time is Rabindra Sangeet whose popularity has increased among youngsters.Music industry has incurred huge losses due to the several websites from which pirated songs can be downloaded.\"Industry insiders also expressed shock at the dwindling number of movie theatres across the state. \"In the last ten years, several movie halls have shut their gates in rural towns. From around 950 movie theatres, we now have some 350-odd cinema halls across the state despite the thriving business by multiplexes,\" said Arijit Dutta. Scriptwriter NK Salil added, \"As a result those films which could have continued to be shown at the theatres for a longer time are being pulled out to make way for another film with better prospect.\"As a solution to this problem, industrialist Sanjay Budhia felt that a forum needed to be formed. \"Comprising industry insiders, the forum can hold discussions with the government,\" Budhia said.The most encouraging factor among all these issues was the resurgence of Bengali film industry. While Anupam Roy praised the new genre of directors, said that there was hunger which was now being satiated by the new genre of directors who understood the pulse of the audience.Actor Parambrata Chattopadhyay said, \"The eyes of the audience have opened up as there is a paradigm shift in their demand.\" Such is the popularity of Bengali films that they have found an overwhelming response abroad. Director Mainak Bhaumick said this feat could be achieved because directors have got the license to explore and viewers can relate to the moviesFilmmaker Bappaditya Bandopadhyay summed up the achievement: \"There is no art or commercial cinema but only good film or bad film.Earlier the rural audience decided the content in movies, now the urban audience does it.\"Jeet said, \"A further betterment can only be achieved if there are new ideas flowing in, improved infrastructure and technology provided to the industry, bringing legislation to stop piracy and thus ensuring brisk business for movie theatre owners. I also believe that a concerted effort for popularizing Tollywood movies in Bangladesh will also churn out a larger audience since we speak the same language.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14380268", "title": "Lagadapati backs out of protest plan", "text": "Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal on Sunday withdrew his plans to participate in a sit-in agitation against the construction of a flyover near Kanakadurga temple in Vijayawada. TDP's Krishna district unit is organising a massive dharna against the delay in its construction on Monday. Rajagopal wanted to take up a counter-agitation but police commissioner Madhusudan Reddy cautioned the MP against this plan keeping in view the law and order situation. Party leaders reportedly told Rajagopal that such programmes may turn counter-productive for the Congress.While Rajagopal has been arguing that a flyover near Durga temple is not feasible, the public and political parties have been claiming that the proposed flyover would reduce traffic congestion. Assuming that a passive stand on the issue could put him in a spot, Rajagopal wanted to take up a sit-in near the Potti Sriramulu statue at the same time that Naidu takes part in the dharna near the proposed flyover spot.After consultation with the party leaders and police, Rajagopal said that he would meet Naidu. \"I will meet Naidu and give him the factual position on the proposed flyover,\" Rajagopal said at a news conference here on Sunday. He explained that construction of a flyover at the foot of the hilltop temple would further complicate traffic problems.A flyover was constructed near Nainavaram and works on inner ring road have been going on to ease traffic woes. In addition, the National Highways Authority of India is taking up an outer ring road connecting two national highways which would drastically cut down traffic problems in the city, Rajagopal observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379132", "title": "Teachers clash, one hurt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups of teachers clashed near Dinesh Hall at Income Tax circle on Sunday after which a complaint was registered at the Navrangpura police station.The groups got into a scuffle when members of the North Gujarat and Gujarat University Teachers' Association held a meeting at Dinesh Hall.Former GU vice-chancellor KS Shastri, who also heads the body, was speaking at the dais when another group of teachers gate-crashed and created a ruckus at the venue. They snatched away the mike from Shastri.The irate group also asked Shastri to leave the venue after which trouble started. Some teachers were abused and one was beaten up. Navrangpura police said the ongoing struggle is over control of the association. Recently, one of the factions had held a meeting and elected office-bearers for the association. tnnOn Sunday when Shastri was addressing the teachers the rival group broke in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381575", "title": "Sarma vows to regularize teachers' pension scheme", "text": "GUWAHATI: State education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Sunday promised that teachers of provincialized schools will not have to wait for years for their pension and they will get the money regularly after retirement. Sarma said: \"Earlier, teachers had to wait for three years before their pensions were regularized. But we have now instructed the department of pension and public grievances to release teachers' pension right after their retirement. The process will start from Monday itself.\"He added: \"Teachers faced problems as their pensions were released much after their retirement. Now, with they will get provincialized pensions until the scheme is regularized. If in any case the pensioner dies, his family will get the money. Every year, we get around 5,000 pensioner teachers, but the process is really slow, we want to make it fast and less time consuming.\"The minister said the next phase of appointment of the TET-qualified teachers of LP and ME schools will also start on Monday. Of the total 21,9,36 teachers' posts, 21,131 would be for lower primary, 805 for upper primary, 285 for mathematics and science and 520 for social science. Sarma said: \"We also have 3,500 extra posts for which we will conduct another TET examination around November and try to appoint teachers before August 15.\"He added: \"TET examinations will be conducted regularly from now on. Every year, we will get around 4,000 to 5,000 teachers' posts and we will require more teachers. We are also planning to open more schools and around 64 of them are likely to come up soon, where we would require qualified teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "14381145", "title": "Poor state of temple car forces cancellation of fest", "text": "SIVAGANGA: In the wake of accidents involving temple cars in a few temples in the state, the car festival of the Lord Swarnamoortheeswarar temple at Kandadevi in Sivaganga district, scheduled for July 2, has been cancelled this year, apparently due to its poor condition of the car.The car festival hit the headlines two decades back when dalits, who were prevented by other community members to participate in the car festival, demanded rights to pull the temple car. After years of sustained efforts by dalits, they were allowed to pull the car in 2006, after a directive from the Madras high court. However, the car festival was not held since then, apparently, awaiting for the consecration of the temple. In January this year, the temple kumbabishekam was held and the villagers were gearing up for the car festival.\"There were accidents involving the temple cars at Arani and Tiruvannamalai this year. So we wanted to be very careful. The renovation of the temple car has been ordered. Stability of the car was discussed and we decided not to hold the car festival this year,\" said Sivaganga collector V Rajaraman. The car festival was scheduled for July 2.The temple car is 50 years old and the condition is said to be very poor. \"We did not want to take chances. All these years minor repairs were carried out. But the temple car now needs a complete renovation. Except for the wheels, all the components will be completely replaced,\" said a senior official of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department. The official ruled out any caste angle to the cancellation and maintained that it was purely a decision taken considering safety of the devotees and stability of the car.The decision was taken after a tension in Kandadevi village for several hours in the morning. While one section of the \"nattars\", the non-dalit dominant caste wanted to go ahead with the car festival irrespective of its state, the other section wanted to postpone it until renovation is completed.The state government has sanctioned Rs 30 lakh for the renovation work. \"The work will commence soon and would be completed in six months,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14382032", "title": "Chitradurga sees dip in rainfall", "text": "The average rainfall that was 530.30 mm 15 years ago in Chitradurga region has drastically come down to 486.6 mm since a decade, said R Krishna Murthy, joint director of agriculture (JDA) on Saturday.Though 176.2 mm of rainfall was recorded in April, it was not helpful for the farming community to start their agricultural activities.Of the 3,58,500 hectors area normally sown during the kharif season, only 9.8 per cent is used this year. BT cotton, sesame and green gram seeds are sown in13,098 hectors. But, the standing crops in Molakalmaru, Hosadurga, Holalkere and Chitradurga taluks have started withering due to long dry spell, he said.The sowing season of groundnut seeds has set in from June 14. But due to dry weather and lack of moisture in soil, farmers are not venturing into sowing the seeds as they have suffered loss last year. Still the growers can wait for another fortnight to sow the seeds. The department is monitoring the situation to suggest the farmers to get ready for sowing the seeds of contingency crops such as maize and sun flower, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14379001", "title": "Govt teachers clean Bada Talab in Lohardaga", "text": "Lohardaga: A group of over 25 government school teachers dedicated this Sunday solely for a social cause. The teachers worked for hours to remove hyacinth from Bada Talab. They cleaned a considerable patch of hyacinth that had choked the pond.The drive to clean the Bada Talab kick started on June 5 under the banner of 'Bada Talab Bachao Campaign'. In the last 19 days, hyacinth from an estimated area of at least 40 feet wide and nearly 300 feet long has been removed by people under different banners of government and non government organizations who joined hands to make the campaign a success. Of late, jawans of district armed forces led by Sergeant Major Samir Kumar had joined the campaign for a day. Similarly, day-by-day one after another organizations like Lohardaga Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Barbers' Association, Rod Fishing Association of Bada Talab, Divine Spark Public School had joined the campaign.Teachers, under the banner of Rashtriya Shaikshik Mahasangh participated in the cleansing campaign with much vigour and enthusiasm. Ramchandra Oraon, the chairman of the teachers' association led their drive of removing hyacinth from the historic Victoria Tank. Teachers, Sajit Rajak, Anugrah Kumar, Virendra Singh, Amit Kumar Ajad, Rajeev Ranjan, Shravan Kumar and Vinay Kumar said this campaign was a necessity as before long this historic pond might turn into a hard ground choked with hyacinth, grass and bushes only. \"One can believe that the pond is getting its life back by seeing the cleaned part. If more hands join in this campaign the pond can be saved,\" said Dinesh Pandey, one of the leading campaigners. Pandey is also a ward councilor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rio de janeiro", "code": "14381150", "title": "Rio+20: The world has a plan and money to save itself", "text": "RIO DE JANEIRO: It ended with a bang, and not a whimper as predicted by some. On the day Hillary Clinton quoted Steve Jobs in support of \"new thinking\", and Hollywood stars Edward Norton and Dev Patel screamed out loud for \"protecting the Arctic\", the world made sure that it had a plan - and enough money in the bag - to save itself from climate catastrophe. On the final day of Rio+20 summit on sustainable development, the world leaders adopted 'The Future We Want' declaration on Saturday morning, and the UN obtained pledges worth $513 billion from governments and private companies for projects that cut fossil fuel use, boost renewable energy, conserve water and alleviate poverty.In what may have major implications for countries like India, China and Brazil, the summit ended with a commitment that the developing countries needed more money and technological help for sustainable development and no extra burden be imposed on them for getting any assistance from rich nations. \"It's a very good document in the sense that it takes into account the development aspirations of the developing countries. We are quite happy with the unanimous acceptance of the draft by world leaders,\" said Manjeev Puri, India's deputy permanent representative at the UN who has been camping here for several days, pushing India's agenda.Dismissed by some civil society groups as 238 paragraphs of fluff, the Rio+20 document, in fact, makes it clear that the eradication of poverty is the top priority for the whole world, a point pushed very hard by the Indian delegation here working closely with their Chinese and Brazilian counterparts. \"We reaffirm that developing countries need additional resources for sustainable development,\" says the 55-page declaration that was adopted on early Saturday morning.\"It's a very balanced document. Now the challenge is for different governments, private sector and civil society to convert this draft into actionable policies,\" R K Pachauri, chief of the Inter-parliamentary Panel on Climate Change, told TOI at the summit venue. \"The Brazilians prepared a good draft that takes care of concerns of the developing countries.\"On Friday evening, the fears that this UN meeting too may end up a talk-shop were laid to rest as the organizers managed voluntary pledges worth $513 billion from governments, private companies and multilateral agencies for projects aimed at reducing the strain on the planet's resources. In addition, major development banks committed $175 billion to the development of sustainable transport systems and private-sector companies have decided to chip in with $50 billion to a UN-backed plan to provide energy to the world's entire population by 2030. \"The 692 individual commitments from governments are for projects that cut fossil fuel use, boost renewable energy, conserve water and alleviate poverty,\" Sha Zukang , secretary-general of Rio+20, told the media at a briefing.According to UN officials, the voluntary pledges are the most important legacy of the Rio+20 meeting, marking two decades since the first Earth Summit. \"Highest expectations are on governments, but they cannot get the job done alone,\" the Chinese diplomat said as three days of discussions concluded. \"It is about concrete action.\"For the host country, it was a day of triumph. On the final day of the three-day summit, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff made the last address at the summit, saying the final document is just the beginning of a transformation process. She also welcomed the participation of civil society at the conference. \"We celebrate here the conference which has been more participatory in our history,\" Rousseff said, adding that there were more than a 1000 parallel events in the city during the conference and all people were able to express their views freely.Though the European countries have been critical of the document for not pushing hard enough on the issue of green economy, US secretary of state Hillary Clinton, representing President Obama here, backed the :agreement on sustainable development\". \"While the outcome document contains many important principles and proposals, the most compelling products of this conference are new thinking, and models that can lead to action. It should be said of Rio+20 that people left here, as the late Steve Jobs said, thinking not just big but different,\" the American leader said in her address to the plenary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385960", "title": "Food or poison? Satyamev Jayate asks the question!", "text": "Ever wondered why our fruits suddenly look a fake colour, are available off season and why the size suddenly seems to increase almost overnight? The answer is simple. The use of pesticides can do this magic. But with a lot of risks involved.Aamir Khan on yesterday's episode (24th June 2012) of Satyamev Jayate asked this very same question: is the food we eat safe? In shocking revelations, the answer seemed to become more and more obvious. What we consume in terms of fruits, vegetables and grains is hazardous! The overdose of pesticides sprayed in farms leads to an increase in health problems that have a long lasting effect.In a survey done by Dr Rashmi Sanghi, she found out that a mother's milk contains 800% more of a poison called endo sulphan that is present in foods that are infested with pesticides. Aamir and his entire team presented a very well researched topic that was highly debatable: organic farming vs. use of pesticides in our food crops. In Kasargud area in Kerala, for 25 years helicopters have been spraying the harmful pesticide endo sulphan leaving more than 5000 people seriously ill, deformed and causing them to suffer from various medical conditions including miscarriages and cancer.It's a sorry plight for our Indian farmers who are the real victims. They are forced to buy pesticides, often incurring heavy debts eventually leading to their suicide. Why is this so? Because farmers are told that without the use of pesticides, yields will decrease and they will be paid a lower price for their produce. Use of pesticide is slow poisoning! So how did the problem start? Jarnail Singh, a farmer from Punjab is of the opinion that till the 1960s and 70s, all was well. With the introduction of the green revolution, came the chemicals and spray.Often vendors are encouraged to increase the sell of pesticides and are lured with heavy benefits in exchange. So where a crop needs a small dose of pesticide, vendors sell extra and thus the poor farmer ends up harming his crop. To oppose this view was Dr. Raju Shroff of Untied Phosphorous who went on to say that the use of pesticides is not harmful. He further stated that without pesticides, crops would get spoilt and there would be a decrease in production. He is perhaps the most ridiculous guest on the show so far. He even said that a pesticide being harmful was an exaggerated and repeated lie, one that he would prove false. But the scariest part he revealed was that there is really no official body that checks the quality of foods produced in our country. Punjab alone consumes 15-18% of pesticides in the country. The saddest part was to watch the Bhatinda Bikaner cancer train where patients suffering from cancer went for checkups to the cancer hospital in Bikaner. What was the cause behind their cancer? Pesticides!Aamir also supports the method of organic farming and feels it is the only solution to our food problem. By adopting the method of organic farming and with the use of simple techniques, insects can be trapped and this also proves to be cost effective and easy to avail. And the state of Sikkim leads by example. The government of Sikkim has decided to adopt organic farming and make Sikkim and organic state by 2015 (in terms of agricultural and farming methods). This has many benefits as the demand for such foods will increase, leading to an increase in the price of the produce. In order to implement this dream, the government of Sikkim is educating farmers on the benefits of organic farming.Dr GV Ramanjaneyulu (Agricultural scientist) is also a shining example who guides farmers in Andhra Pradesh. He teaches them organic farming in a cheap and cost effective way. Aamir has done intensive research by interviewing famers, social activists and manufacturers of fertilizers, giving a two sided perspective. His question is simple: should we follow Sikkim's example in aiding our farmers to follow the organic farming module? And as citizens, how can we ensure that the foods we eat are safe? The only solution is to buy food from organic stores which is often considered expensive. A member from the audience raised as interesting question. When we pay for things without hesitating, why do we cry in paying 10 rupees extra for organic foods?Kudos to Aamir for forcing us to think, stop and question. But most importantly, for awakening us to take action!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380350", "title": "Blade attack in Tihar, inmate hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Tihar inmate was attacked with a blade by a fellow prisoner while they were returning from the Tis Hazari court premises. The victim, Vishal alias Vicky, 26, has alleged that he was returning to the jail premises in a van when his fellow inmate, Vinod, slashed the left side of his face with a blade.\"The van had entered Tihar premises and was in front of jail no. 1 when Vinod lunged at me. I don't know what the provocation was for the attack. I was taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital as there was blood gushing out from the wound,\" said Vishal in his statement.Though the incident took place on May 19, a complaint was lodged only on June 20. The victim said he was too scared to report the incident. A case has been registered under Section 324 of the IPC (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and investigation is on.This is the third such incident in a month in Tihar Jail. Earlier, two jail officials were attacked by the inmates. The inmates also hurt a fellow prisoner.Officials said the incidents have forced jail authorities to stop the use of surgical blades in the jail hospital, as inmates are able to smuggle them out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381906", "title": "Global education on the principle of equal exchange", "text": "Global education should rest on the principle of the equal exchange of knowledge, is what Laurie Patton, dean of arts &amp; sciences and professor of religion , Duke University , firmly believes. She elaborates, \"It cannot be a short-term exchange , but a long-term and sustainable model, where education institutions and countries engage in equal exchange of ideas, research, students, faculty, and so on. Not simply short-term initiatives such as internships or gap years. For example , students should study the same modules with the same teams both in India and in the US to get a truly balanced global perspective on issues.\"Patton was visiting India to further strengthen Duke's engagement with institutions here. \"The big debate in higher education globally is about skills development and its relationship to liberal arts. No matter where you land in the debate , a transformational rather than a transactional 'checklist' model should be at the heart of all curricula.\" She feels students should be taught how to connect the dots between education and the larger society that they live in. \"How is the knowledge they are gathering going to impact society ? Education in the 21century has to integrate social issues, and do so through the study of history as well as contemporary society.\"She asserts that 21century education requires three skills \u2014 innovation, adaptation and integration. Innovations \u2014 in the remix , information-laden culture we now live in \u2014 are as much new combinations of information , data, social networks, as in the discovery of new laws of nature. Both forms of discovery, according to her, are important for innovation to occur.Adaptation is not only the ability to be flexible, but the ability to imagine ways of thinking and working and living that have never existed before. Students today must respond to changing conditions more quickly than ever before.Integration is not only the ability to put things together, but also to find new ways in which knowledge fits into the world. \"We live in a world in which the discreet, siloed forms of knowledge remain some of the most powerful driving forces in our lives.\" And yet that fact can make integration all the harder . She says, \"In the arts &amp; sciences, we help students make those connections and make their knowledge fit, as they build their lives.\"Patton, who received her BA from Harvard University and her PhD from University of Chicago , is the author/editor of eight books on South Asian history, culture and religion. She translated The Bhagavad Gita for the Penguin Classics Series and has written two books of poetry. Her current research for two forthcoming books focuses on religion in the public sphere and on women and Sanskrit in contemporary India.On the emerging trends in areas of study within the arts &amp; sciences, she says global health, environmental science, neuroscience , human development, and technology and culture, are key emerging fields. Trinity College of Arts &amp; Sciences comprises 36 departments (social sciences, humanities and sciences), with a focus on liberal arts education for undergraduate students.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385938", "title": "Chiyaan Vikram and Jeeva teams for David", "text": "David the Bollywood flick under Shaitan fame Bejoy Nambiar's direction will have Vikram and Jeeva in the lead. The film will have two stories of two different origins in the same name and their conflicts faced and how they overcome it. So there will be two Davids one seen as a fisherman and the other as a musician. The buzz is that the movie will be shot by two DOP's Rathnavelu for fisherman backdrop and Sejal Shah for the portions involving the musician. Produced under the banners of Gateway films and Reliance Entertainment the movie has editing by Sreekar Prasad and Rajeevan as the production designer. Music will be scored by Anirudh supported by Prashanth Pillai, Remo, Modern Mafia and team. The casts along with Vikram and Jeeva includes Nasser , Tabu, Rohini Hattangadi , Lara Dutta , Isha Sharvani , K.P. Nishan, John Vijay, Saurabh Shukla and many others.The story to be narrated in an unique double narrative style will be laced with music, drama, action and humour serving to be a complete entertainer says sources.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "when sameer khan purchased two properties in the western suburbs of mumbai three years ago, the idea was to generate extra rental income for his family. \"i had taken loans for both flats when they were under construction. though the properties are nearly completed, it will take another six months to get the possession,\" he says. however, with the steep increase in home loan interest rates, khan is finding it difficult to service both the loans and plans to sell one property. \"the profits generated from the sale of one house can be used to pay the loan for the other,\" he says. financial insecurity is just one of the reasons a property owner may want to sell a house for which he is still paying the emis. a couple of years after buying the house, you may feel the need to upgrade to a bigger property. if you are moving to a different city for work, you may want to settle down there after disposing of the existing property. while these arguments are valid for a seller of a mortgaged property, it may also make sense to buy a mortgaged resale property rather than one that is under construction. the advantage of purchasing a resale property is that it may be at a better and established location and you will be dealing with an individual instead of a builder's sales team. in the case of a resale property, you have ample time to examine the pros and cons of the deal before taking a decision. another advantage with buying a resale property is that banks generally conduct due diligence for the house that they are going to finance. while the reasons for selling and buying a mortgaged property may vary, one common problem that most people face is", "code": "14381831", "title": "How to buy and sell a house on loan", "text": "When Sameer Khan purchased two properties in the western suburbs of Mumbai three years ago, the idea was to generate extra rental income for his family. \"I had taken loans for both flats when they were under construction. Though the properties are nearly completed, it will take another six months to get the possession,\" he says. However, with the steep increase in home loan interest rates, Khan is finding it difficult to service both the loans and plans to sell one property. \"The profits generated from the sale of one house can be used to pay the loan for the other,\" he says. Financial insecurity is just one of the reasons a property owner may want to sell a house for which he is still paying the EMIs. A couple of years after buying the house, you may feel the need to upgrade to a bigger property. If you are moving to a different city for work, you may want to settle down there after disposing of the existing property. While these arguments are valid for a seller of a mortgaged property, it may also make sense to buy a mortgaged resale property rather than one that is under construction. The advantage of purchasing a resale property is that it may be at a better and established location and you will be dealing with an individual instead of a builder's sales team. In the case of a resale property, you have ample time to examine the pros and cons of the deal before taking a decision. Another advantage with buying a resale property is that banks generally conduct due diligence for the house that they are going to finance. While the reasons for selling and buying a mortgaged property may vary, one common problem that most people face is: can you sell a mortgaged property at all? Do you need to settle the home loan first and then approach a buyer or can the buyer take over your loan? What if the buyer himself plans to take a loan to fund the purchase? Many property owners who have bought the house with money borrowed from a bank have grappled with these questions. To avoid confusion while finalising a deal, here's how you can sell (or buy) a house against which a loan is outstanding.Get the property documents in orderThe main documents required to sell a residential property are the housing society share certificate and the sale/ purchase deed of the property. The sale deed confirms that the land is in the name of the seller and that he has the right to dispose it of. If the property has changed hands more than once, the buyer may also ask for a copy of the previous deeds, in order to confirm the authenticity of the deal and property. The buyer will also demand the copies of stamp duty and registered house documents . Since these papers will be mortgaged with the bank if you have taken a home loan, you can use a photocopy of the required documents to initiate a deal. Depending on the kind of property and ownership, some more documents, such as a no-objection certificate from the housing society and a documented consent in case of jointly owned property, may be required.If a buyer pays with own fundsIn this case, the procedure is pretty straightforward. The seller first needs to obtain a letter from the bank with which the property is mortgaged, stating that the bank agrees to relinquish the property documents after the full and final payment of the loan. The buyer will then be required to pay an amount equivalent to the outstanding loan to the seller's housing loan account, after which the process of releasing the documents by the bank is initiated. Once the borrower pays off all the dues, he receives the 'no due' letter from the bank. The original documents kept with the bank as security are usually released over a period of 5-10 working days of receiving the money. Ramesh Bhojwani , a Mumbai-based financial expert, explains that the sale proceeds cannot be fully executed till the time you are servicing a housing loan. \"You can't sell a mortgaged house if the buyer insists on the documents required to apply for a loan because all the original papers are lying with the bank,\" he points out. Are there any tax implications either for the buyer or seller if the amount is paid as a lump sum? Hiten Shah, associate director, tax and regulatory practice , Ernst &amp; Young, explains, \"The lumpsum payment made by the seller will not have any impact on his cost of acquisition . However, the interest paid on the loan can be claimed as deduction under income from house property and a deduction for principal repayment can be made under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act,\" explains Shah.If the buyer takes a home loan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378972", "title": "Maoists call ceasefire for 3 months against other rebels", "text": "RANCHI: In a change of strategy, the CPI (Maoist) has decided to call off violence against armed outfits, including their splinter groups, for three months. The rebels have invited leaders of other groups to come together on one platform and fight against the unified command of the Centre and the state governments carrying out Operation Green Hunt.Bihar Jharkhand North Chhattisgarh Special Area Committee (BJNCSAC) spokesman Gopal in a statement issued on Sunday said the decision of unilateral ceasefire was taken to invite the other armed groups working in individual capacity for the common people to work from a unified and stronger front. \"We can set aside our personal differences in ideology for the betterment of common people and when the government is harassing villagers and trying to suppress their movement for neo-democracy, all the groups must understand the need of the hour and join hands,\" the release reads.The appeal has been issued in the name of the People Liberation Front of India (PLFI), Jharkhand Liberation Tigers (JLT), Jharkhand Janmukti Parished (JJMP), Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC), Shashtra People's Morcha and any other such armed group working for people's cause. The release says, \"If these groups are working for the common people, they must come on one platform and accept the offer for ceasefire because the government has intensified the imperialist attack to gain control over jungles, villages and natural resources to hand it over to the corporate houses. If these groups do not understand the urgency of unifying our resources to fight the common enemy, their stance would be exposed,\" the release reads.Appealing to their own ranks and files to observe restrain, Gopal has asked the PLGA members to abide by the diktat and refrain from attacking any member of the armed groups. \"Our PLGA members must be vigilant and retaliate in case there is an attack but they have to avoid confrontation with the other groups during the period of cease fire,\" the release reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379764", "title": "40 surgeries put off due to water shortage in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The severe water shortage in the city has begun to take a toll on urgent health services. At Bara Hindu Rao, the largest municipal hospital in the city, more than 40 surgeries were cancelled over the past week because water could not be arranged for the procedures.Doctors at the hospital said there was no water to sterilize instruments, wash the operation theatre, clean the linen and wash hands - without which surgeries could not be conducted.At other hospitals such as Deen Dayal Upadhyaya, Ambedkar and Safdarjung, patients said they were having to buy water from outside for most of their needs as hospital taps ran dry. Washing and cleaning, a vital function in hospitals to prevent infections, has mostly been abandoned at many institutions.Toilets were stinking at a number of hospitals and doctors on night duty said they were having to carry their drinking water because there was no water in the wards.At Bara Hindu Rao, the worst days were Monday and Tuesday. \"We had to reschedule some routine surgeries but emergency services were not affected. We called in water tankers to manage the problem. The supply has been restored now,\" said Dr Ravi Gupta, additional medical superintendent of Bara Hindu Rao Hospital.A senior gynaecologist at the hospital said 10 surgeries in the department were cancelled on Monday and Tuesday. \"The patients were asked to come later,\" she said.Another doctor added, \"As it is, the waiting period for operations in departments such as urology, surgery and orthopedics has gone up because the main OT has been partially closed since January for repairs. The water crisis will aggravate the problem.\"Doctors said they are giving preference to emergency cases and to outstation patients. Sources said Bara Hindu Rao witnesses water crisis every year during the peak summer, but this time the shortage was more acute because of the Wazirabad water treatment plant not receiving its quota of raw water from Haryana. \"The government and hospital authorities should make arrangements for uninterrupted supply,\" a doctor said.Dr Promila Gupta, medical superintendent at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya hospital, said the hospital has been facing water problems for more than a month. \"No emergency services have been affected. But yes there is a problem,\" Gupta said.A resident doctor at Safdarjung hospital said doctors were having to carry their drinking water during night duty. \"There is no facility of clean drinking water in the wards and patients have to buy water from outside,\" he said.At the 64-bedded B R Sur homeopathic medical college and hospital in south Delhi's Moti Bagh, patients said water supply to the toilets was irregular. Hospital authorities said they are managing the daily needs through tankers. The Delhi Jal Board attributes the severe shortage in the city to curtailment of raw water supply by Haryana to the Haiderpur and Wazirabad treatment plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381287", "title": "Mantralaya fire: ZP chief orders scanning of files", "text": "NASHIK: The zilla parishad president has told officials to ensure that issues related to disaster management are in place and has ordered the scanning of every file in office, following last Thursday's fire at Mantralaya in Mumbai.Parishad president Jayashree Pawar ordered the general administration to ensure that the disaster management system was in place in both offices. \"The administration must check fire-extinguishers installed and their utilization, and at the same time ensure that disaster management systems are in place to ensure that people, employees, officials and office-bearers can exit safely in case of a disaster,\" Pawar said.Pawar told the administration to scan every file and prepare electronic data of it to ensure that not time is lost in restructuring cases with the zilla parishad. The directions were not limited to the ZP office in Nashik but even to offices under its administration and also under the panchayat samitis of respective tehsils.Separate cell at Setu to accept proposals: All files and proposals sent by citizens and government offices that have been destroyed in the inferno have to be restructured in 15 days. The administration has appealed to citizens to present their cases through special cells as Setu offices, free of cost. Citizens who have sent proposals to departments such as environment, tribal development, non-conventional energy, town planning and revenue, the chief minister and the deputy chief minister and were expecting results before which the fire broke out, should immediately resend their proposals. \"The government will reconstruct files related to the requests to various departments for which citizens must send their proposals again. This has to be done in 15 days,\" revenue commissioner Jayant Gaikwad said.Meanwhile, briefing the media persons after video conferencing with the chief secretary and the secretaries of the various departments, Collector, Nashik Vilas Patil pointed out that a special nodal officer would be appointed at every department across all the government officials to expedite the issues.Collector further informed that the leaves of all officials have been cancelled and been asked to report to the office, take extra time and help in clearing and restructuring of all files that their offices might have put up with the various departments of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379451", "title": "Free cocktails, discounts luring tourists to rain-hit Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Free cocktails in a certain time slot, free transfers to and from the airport and railway station, free use of sauna, sight-seeing tours plus a boat cruise on the river and discounts of between 20% to 30% on room tariffs are some of the extra goodies offered by Goan hoteliers to attract guests this monsoon.The downpour has been steady in Goa in the last few days and some of the beaches are awash with flotsam. But hotels in Goa are claiming occupancies of about 55%. Ralph de Souza, immediate past president of the travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG), however, said occupancies were between 10% to 12% lower in the present fortnight compared to the same period last year.With juicy allurements from hotels on offer, tourists find the rains not much of a dampener.For example, a five star resort in south Goa has slashed its 'superior room' rate from its December high of 10,900 per night to 5,800 now. Add to that free cocktails for an hour from 7.30pm, free sauna, free half-day sightseeing, river cruise, gifts to children and free pasta cooking classes.A 3-star resort in Arpora-Baga has cut its tariff by about 50% compared to the peak Christmas period. Besides, during the 'happy hour', guests get 20% off on drinks. The resort also has an off-season menu with fewer dishes but at lesser prices. Their 3-night-4-day package that cost 18,000 in January for two, is now cheaper by 3,000.Edwin Dias of a resort in Baga (North Goa) says this June, his hotel boasts of 50% occupancy. In earlier years, the hotel had just 20% to 30% occupancy in June. Dias feels that the present proliferation of online travel agents helps disseminate offers to a wider audience. Hotel discounts and sops were high on Sunday, when Goa celebrated the feast of St John the Baptist-popularly referred to as \"Sao Joao\".From P 1Besides church services, Goans celebrate this feast by jumping and bathing in wells, ponds and lakes wearing crowns of flowers and bingeing on drinks and seasonal fruit.Many hotels offered packages for Sao Joao celebrations, opening their swimming pools to revelers. A weekend stay in a 3-star hotel went for between Rs 1,500 to Rs 1,750 per person per night, all inclusive; which means, the night stay, all three meals mostly of traditional Goan dishes, drinks on the house and unlimited frolicking in the pool.De Souza feels it won't be just showers of rain but tourists too who will pour into Goa for the remainder of the monsoon. Besides dealers' conferences and incentive tours, honeymooning couples and young executives are flocking to Goa. \"For July and August, inquiries are coming in. In August and September, occupancies will definitely pick up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14386567", "title": "Anti Modi Keshubhai too joins blog and social networking sites", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat chief minister and chairman of the Somnath trust Keshubhai Patel has too joined the social networking sites and blogs.Patel who has openly launched a attack on chief minister Narendra Modi and his style of function has decided to join the blog and other social sites.Sources close to Patel said that he felt the need to express his opinion among the online youth where Modi is equally popular and also there are hundred who hate him.The 84-year-old leader who was in hibernation for last decade is suddenly over-active these days with his anti-Modi agenda. After BJP leader in Delhi showed cold shoulder to him, Keshubhai close team today created his social media accounts and delivered token posts for testing.Sources close to him said that he would be writing in Gujarati while there is a team of people with him who would be translating it in English and posting it in the name of Patel. Sources close to Patel said that kick off a war of words also on the social networking sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379977", "title": "Doctors\u2019 strike may not derail healthcare", "text": "BANGALORE: The proposed doctors' strike on Monday is expected not to affect the working of hospitals and emergency healthcare in the city.The Indian Medical Association has called for a nationwide strike in protest against the Centre's decision to dissolve the Medical Council of India (MCI). In Bangalore, at least 2,000 doctors are expected to take part in the demonstration at Freedom Park.But medical officers and superintendents of most government and private hospitals in Bangalore told TOI that healthcare services, ambulances and emergency services in their hospitals will remain open and they had no reports of their doctors participating in the strike.\"Our hospitals will remain open and function normally. We are not stopping anyone from participating. I support the cause but I differ with the mode of protest,\" said Dr Sudarshan Ballal, senior nephrologist and medical director, Manipal Hospitals.The resident medical officer of Bowring and Lady Curzon Hospital confirmed that all 120 doctors of his hospital will report to work tomorrow. KC General Hospital also said all its services will remain open.\"We are supporting the cause but are not participating in the strike. We believe that shutting down or minimizing the schedules and services would cause severe inconvenience to the people,\" said Dr Shankar Prasad, medical director of St Philomena Hospital.All the 200 doctors in the hospital have also promised to work normally on Monday.A doctor from Hosmat Hospital also confirmed that most doctors from the hospital will report to work. \"Only a handful of them might attend the protest, but that would not hinder the services,\" he said.IMA has 5,000 affiliate doctors in the city and 12,000 in the state.WHY THE PROTEST IMA says that the proposed National Commission for Human Resources in Health will be an overarching body that will clip the powers of existing bodies such as the MCI and Dental Council.It fears that the Clinical Establishment Act will not let any doctor with limited resources (single doctors) practice comfortably and require fully. It says the dissolution of MCI is an antidemocratic measure aimed to take away its autonomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380347", "title": "Selection of Panjab University vice-chancellor: Panel to interact with faculty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an unprecedented move in the university's history and for the first time since the inception of the three-member committee designated with the task of proposing three names for Panjab University vice-chancellor's post, the members will hold an interaction with the university teachers.The meeting is likely to be held on the campus soon although there is no set criteria regarding which faculty members would be a part of this interaction. With this buzz, the race for the post of VC, for which there is no \"prescribed formula\" in the PU calendar, has intensified and so has anxiousness among teachers.\"All this would be a part of the selection of best three persons, whose names are to be sent to the chancellor. There is a sanctity attached to the process of selection of the VC. It's solely the panel's discretion about who all they would interact with,\" says I S Chadha, PU senator and member of the VC selection panel.Since its inception on February 9 this year, this will be the \"first concrete move\" by the committee and the first of its kind interface in selecting the PU VC.However, much still remains under wraps. Details regarding who all will be a part of the process, whose profiles and bio-data have been asked for and the modalities of this interface are all awaited.On whether this process would be time bound, Chadha responded, \"In February, when the chancellor had formed the panel, there was a certain time frame given, but there is no such specification now after resumption of work. But the committee will very soon come up with names for the post of VC.\" Of these, one name will be selected by the PU chancellor.The search committee comprises retired Justice Leila Seth as convenor and P Rama Rao and former ambassador I S Chadha as members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379299", "title": "Politicos want payment deadline for tenements extended", "text": "PUNE: Political parties and social organisations have demanded that the July 5 date for the payment of tenement costs for the beneficiaries of the housing scheme in Pimpri-Chinchwad be extended. The beneficiaries from the economically weaker sections have been asked to pay Rs 3.26 lakh towards the cost of the tenement.Beneficiaries of the housing scheme for the poor in Pimpri-Chinchwad have been asked to pay Rs 3.26 lakh towards the cost of the tenements before July 5. However, various political parties and social organizations have demanded that the date be extended.Dilip Gawde, assistant commissioner and in charge of the housing scheme and slum rehabilitation projects, PCMC, said, \"A large number of social organisations and political party leaders have demanded an extension of period for the beneficiaries to pay the Rs 3.26 lakh amount. A decision on this will be taken after discussions with mayor Mohini Lande and municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi.\"Earlier, the PCMC had directed the beneficiaries to pay the amount before July 5, on the condition that if they are late, they will lose claims to the flats. This had sent shockwaves among the beneficiaries.The civic body has completed construction of 1,008 flats as part of the first phase of the housing scheme. It has also released the list of beneficiaries and has asked them to deposit their amount.The Republican Employees Federation has demanded that the civic body help the beneficiaries get bank loans. The federation said the beneficiaries cannot pay the amount in one single installment.Kailas Kadam, opposition leader, PCMC, too has sent a letter to municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, demanding concession in the cost of the flat, and giving loans from nationalised banks where the civic body has kept its deposits.Reacting to the demands, Gawde said, \"A meeting of the representatives of the nationalised banks has been convened on Friday wherein we will try to convince them to provide loans to the beneficiaries of the housing scheme.\"Meanwhile, the Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat conducted demonstrations in Pimpri demanding that the beneficiaries are given the flats at the earlier promised rate of Rs 1.5 lakh and possession of the flats are given at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380563", "title": "16-year-old girl approaches police for shelter", "text": "JAIPUR: A 16-year-old girl approached the Sanganer police station requesting the cops to send her to some shelter home. She said she had fled from an orphanage in Bangalore and was now stranded. She along with six other girls had left the orphanage without telling anyone and gone to Ajmer where she got separated from other girls. The police have sent her to a shelter home in Mansarovar here and are verifying her claims.According to the police, the girl, Sahista, came to the police station on Sunday afternoon. \"She was living in Jaipur in a rented accommodation for the past 15 days. She was working at a house as domestic help,\" said a police officer.He added the seven girls after leaving the orphanage in Bangalore landed in Ajmer. The girls then went to the dargah where they got separated and there Sahista came in contact with a youth named Rajesh who arranged accommodation for her in Jaipur.\"We have taken her statement and are trying to contact the orphanage in Bangalore. During preliminary investigation, it seems that no atrocity was meted out to the girl. However, we are probing the matter further,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14381019", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi urges Pranab Mukherjee to resolve CST issue before quitting", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who is also the chairman of the empowered committee of state finance ministers on Goods and Services Tax (GST), has requested Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to resolve the issue of payment of central sales tax (CST) which has been lingering for long.Modi, in a letter addressed to Mukherjee, has urged him to resolve this issue before demitting office, saying in case the CST issue remains unresolved it might affect the implementation of GST. \"Since you have done so much for the implementation of the GST, I shall be extremely grateful if you could kindly resolve this issue at the earliest,\" deputy CM mentioned in his letter. Mukherjee is likely to resign on June 26.Thanking Mukherjee for all the guidance and cooperation provided to the states as well as for taking major initiative ensuring that GST is introduced in the country at the earliest, Modi said the Parliamentary standing committee on finance has already taken up the discussion on this issue. The representative of the centre, Dr Asim K Dasgupta, a former chairman of empowered committee, Modi and a few federations of industry and commerce have already given evidence before the committee and the panel is likely to give its report in the monsoon session of the parliament.The Centre had reduced the CST from 4% to 2% as a result of which states needed to be compensated. At that time the Centre had promised that it would compensate the states for the loss. But the Centre took no initiative to compensate the loss to the tune of Rs 19,000 crore during 2010-11 and in the subsequent years. Modi has pointed out that in the absence of this compensation to the state, the implementation of the GST would face difficulties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14379013", "title": "Students doubt fairness of SSC exam", "text": "RANCHI: The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) examination for Grade III employees which is going to be held here for the first time since the inception of Jharkhand in November 2000 has roused suspicions among the applicants.However, this is for the first time in any examination held here that the forms are not being rejected even they contain mistakes. C R Sahay, the chairperson of the Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission, said, \"If any student has done a mistake in filling the form, we are calling him/her to correct it. We are doing this so that a competent student doesn't miss a chance to write the examination.\"The candidates are anxious because recently the Jharkhand high court has ordered a CBI inquiry in all the examinations conducted by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission since creation of the state for alleged irregularities in the recruitment process.\"All the examinations held in the state have faced some or other problem and the examinees had to suffer a lot. In such a case whenever we are writing any examination we always fear that there would again be a problem,\" said Mahesh Sahu, an applicant of SSC.The candidates are worried that if the examination is cancelled or if a problem arises after the results are announced, their future will be at stake. Raman, an applicant, said, \"I will be writing the examination hoping that I will be selected. But if a problem arises after the results are announced and if I get job, what will happen then?\"The examination will be held for 1,300 posts and 2.25 lakh forms have been sold till Sunday, the last day of buying forms. Last day for submission is July 4 and 1.5 lakh forms have already been submitted till now.The commission is trying hard that the examination goes easy and the students do not have to face problems. \"This is for the first time that the examination is being conducted in the state and we do not want the students to face any problem\" said Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379963", "title": "Police may seek extension of Arpit's remand", "text": "INDORE: City police is expected to seek extension of Arpit Agrawal's remand in the city court on Monday. He is an accused in two gang rapes and MMS cases.Agrawal and his two accomplices were arrested on Friday last after a minor girl alleged that they raped her and made an MMS clip of the act.On Saturday another minor girl, who was subjected to rape for the past six months allegedly by the accused, lodged a complaint with the police after seeing the report on the incident in the newspapers. She also alleged that the accused raped her several times threatening her to upload her MMS clip on the internet if she did not yield.Crime branch ASP Manoj Rai said that Arpit's police remand will end on Monday and the police will seek for the extension to complete the investigations. Interrogation can reveal his involvement in more such cases, said Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14387149", "title": "Delhi HC exempts four Delhi University colleges from 27% reservation for OBC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four Delhi University colleges were exempted by the Delhi high court on Monday from reserving 27 percent of their seats for OBCs students for admission in academic year 2012-13 on ground of being minority educational institutions.A bench of justices V K Jain and Pratibha Rani gave the exemptions to SGTB Khalsa College, Guru Nanak Dev Khalsa College, Mata Sundari College and Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce, accepting their pleas that they have been declared minority educational institutions by the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI).\"We are of the view that the practice which these institutions (four colleges) have been following till 2011-12 in the matter of reservation shall not be changed particularly when these institutions have already been declared as minority education institutions by the NCMEI,\" the bench said.The court also modified the May 29 order of its single judge bench which had directed these four colleges to abide by the University's directions, which had asked them to implement the 27 percent reservation policy by admitting students belonging to SC, ST and OBC categories.These colleges had moved the division bench challenging the University's May 29 order and seeking exemption from the stipulated 27 percent reservation for OBCs in the institutions of higher learning.\"We, therefore, modify the order (of single bench) dated May 29, 2012 that the appellant (these colleges) shall give reservation in admission for 2012-13 to SC/ST categories, as per the norms of the DU but they will not be obliged to give reservation to the OBC,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385047", "title": "Ferena Wazeir is the brand ambassador of LIFF", "text": "British Asian actress Ferena Wazeir, who was last seen in late Raj Kanwar's movie Sadiyaan has selected as the brand ambassador for the 3rd edition of the London Indian Film Festival (LIFF), which has started from 2oth June and will conclude on 3rd July, 2012.Ferena's film Rang Rasiya showcased and bagged the people's choice award at the festival last year.Excited about the association Ferena Wazeir said, \"It's lovely to be back at the festival and a part of this venture. There is a great line up of films which will showcase the work of the new wave of independent South Asian and British Asian filmmakers, including a director only named as 'Q', Rajan Khosa and Srijit Mukherji.\"With funding from Film London and supported by the BFI and BAFTA, and sponsored by Western Union, the festival brings to UK audiences a selection of cutting edge films from some of the hottest independent talents from India, UK, US and Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380513", "title": "Malaria scare: Jaipur among 5 high-risk cities", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur is among the five cities in the state where malaria control activities would be monitored on a regular basis. The move came after the Centre directed the state to intensify monitoring in the five districts as deaths were reported due to malaria in 2011. Four malarial deaths were reported in the city in 2011.Besides, three districts, including Bikaner, Barmer and Jaisalmer, have attracted the attention of the Centre as malaria cases have increased in western parts of the state. In the approved state programme implementation plan 2012-13, the Centre mentioned that the three districts in western Rajasthan need to be focused for micro-level monitoring to reduce annual parasite incidence (API).Last year (from January 2011 to December 2011), more than 53,000 malaria cases were reported, which was higher than the corresponding period in 2010, which was 51,000. As many as 99,529 cases in 2006, 55,043 in 2007, 57,482 in 2008, 32,709 in 2009, 50,947 in 2010 and 54,294 in 2011 were also reported.Since the number of malaria cases have increased in the state, the Centre has identified 22 high-risk districts in the state including Jaipur. To intensify malaria control activities, including for posting of malaria link volunteers in the high risk districts, the Centre has approved a budget of Rs180 lakh.Moreover, the Centre has directed the state to fill the 934 regular multi-purpose workers (MPWs) posts on priority basis along with their training to be imparted in this year for malaria control activities.The medical health and family welfare department would conduct the surveillance and monitoring under the national vector-borne disease control programme throughout the year.Earlier, the Centre has approved Rs 280 lakh to fund efforts in the state's fight against malaria. It has also said the amount under the vector control and environment management may also be utilized for malaria environmental management.The medical health and family welfare department officials claimed that due to climate change, the window period of malaria has increased. During rains, the number of mosquitoes increased as the environment is conducive to breeding. Now, as the period and duration of rainfall increased due to the climate change, the rate of mosquito breeding has also increased, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14379650", "title": "TMC men clash on dais at block meet", "text": "NADIA: It seems there is no letup in cases pointing to Trinamool infighting. On Sunday, the annual political conference of Trinamool Krishnagar 2 block took an unusual turn after the announcement of suspension of a party leader, leading to a scuffle between two groups on the dais. Interestingly, the incident happened in the presence of food processing minister Ujjal Biswas.Four TMC activists, including a female worker, were injured and rushed to Dhubulia Primary Health Centre. TMC's district president Pundarikakshya Saha was also present at the Dhubulia Mukta Mancha, where the incident occurred.Trouble broke out when Shib Shankar Dutta, the block president of Krishnagar 2 while addressing a crowd of 5000, announced the suspension of TMC leader Mani Ghosh, the vice president of Krishnagar 2 panchayat samity.Soon after the announcement, the supporters of Ghosh rushed to the stage and got involved in a scuffle with the followers of Dutta. A woman worker and a supporter of Ghosh, Bakul Das, received severe injuries in one of her hands and was taken to Dhubulia Primary Health Centre for treatment. and was There were some females too amongst the angry persons.A pandemonium appeared on stage within a few minutes. The group of Shib Shankar Dutta and Mani Ghosh got involved apparently into a hand to hand clash on stage in Presence of Minister and District President.When asked about the suspension of Ghosh, minister Ujjal Biswas said: \"It's not official. Dutta made the announcement in a fit of rage. We will look in to the issue later.\"An injured Das later alleged, \"The block president, Shib Shankar Dutta, never visits the local party office and does nothing for the party. A jute godown, owned by him, has become his party office where some selected party workers go. Even minister Ujjal Biswas visits his godown and not the local party office. Dutta always takes decision after consulting only a few from the party and some local CPM men.\" According to her, Ghosh is a senior TMC worker in the block and has been serving the party since long.Dutta said that some persons tried to attack him and got injured in the process. \"I did not beat up any one.\" According to Ghosh, they have sent a letter to all concerned leaders of TMC, including Mukul Roy. \"He is responsible for corrupt practices within the party here. I know about this and that's why he wants to drive me out.\" According to him, Dutta's parents were CPM workers, while his wife works for BJP. He more stated that Shibu was in the Trinamool some days ago. His parents were the CPIM workers, his wife is a BJP worker and he is an unfair businessman. He runs the party with help of some CPIM musclemen.On the other hand Shibu said, \" Mani is corrupted and we tried to drive him out from the party.\" He denied the other allegation raised against him.Minister is not used to go to the block party office as a man from Nadia and it was felt with uneasiness to some of the party men. He explained that the block party office is constructed on a Government land and the electric was taken on illegal hooking. \" That is why I do not go to the party office in Krishnagar 2 block.\" he said.Whatsoever, the incident that happened in the conference in Nadia on Sunday sent a bad message to the common people which no doubt is very bad for the ensuing election , a local people said.The stage of Annual Political Conference of Trinamool Congress of Krishnagar 2 Block in Nadia turned in to a clash -- dais when two groups of Trinamool Congress workers involved in a hand to hand fight following an announcement of suspension of a well known leader of the block. Some persons including a few female were injured and a female was rushed to Dhubulia Primary Health Centre with bleeding from one of her hands. This unwanted incident happened in presence of Minister Ujjal Biswas, TMC's District President, Pundarikakshya Saha at Dhubulia Mukta Mancha in Nadia on Sunday afternoon. According to political experts, this clash disclosed the internal conflicts and group ism in Trinamool Congress once again and the incident will effect the result of forthcoming Panchayet election.The Annual Political Conference of Trinamool Congress of Krishnagar 2 block in Nadia started at around 12.45 pm on Sunday. Ujjal Biswas , the Horticulture cum Food Process Minister, who is a man from Nadia, District President of the party Pundarikakshya ( Nanda ) Saha and some other MLAs were on dais.There were about 5000 workers gathered at the conference.Shib Shankar Dutta, the Block President, Krishnagar 2, suddenly announced the suspension of of well known TMC leader of the block Mani Ghosh. He is the Vice President of Krishnagar 2 Panchayet Samity.A woman Bakul Das, who is a follower of Mani Ghosh was injured and blood was coming out of one of her hands.She was rushed to Dhubulia Rural Hospital. More a few were injured. Amongst pother there were Kanan Das, Ava Adhikari, Shikha Das, Shikha Khaskel were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14380509", "title": "Noida district hospital has a dead emergency number", "text": "NOIDA: Even as Noida Authority is preparing to create a common integrated emergency number for the entire district, the emergency number of the city's only multispeciality hospital is not operational, allegedly due to non-payment of bills. However, hospital officials said the number is free and is supposed to be maintained by BSNL.Hospital sources said the phone has been lying in a state of disrepair since its inception. According to the chief medical superintendent, BSNL is supposed to provide every government hospital in the district with a free number and is supposed to maintain it. \"We have the connection but the number has not been made operational. It is absolutely essential for a hospital to have this number so that in cases of emergencies people can easily contact us,\" said Dr Ashok Mishra, CMS.According to Mishra, in spite of repeated reminders to BSNL, this free number has not been maintained by the company. \"We have registered a complaint with the BSNL office and sent them our request in written. However, till date no action has been taken,\" said Mishra.Doctors said that the emergency number is absolutely essential as the hospital caters to not only Noida and Greater Noida but also areas of Ghaziabad and Delhi. Officials admitted that they are unsure as to when the emergency number ceased to function, but some senior doctors say it has never worked since the inception of the hospital.Noida Authority, in coordination with Gautam Budh Nagar administration, is getting ready to launch the centralized emergency helpline number on August 15 and is creating a blueprint for connecting all departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381624", "title": "Retail sector in India growing at phenomenal pace", "text": "The retail sector in India is growing at a phenomenal pace leading to job opportunities in different areas. Aaditi Isaac reportsThe retail sector in India is growing at a phenomenal pace. According to the Global Retail Development Index 2012, India ranks fifth among the top 30 emerging markets for retail. The recent announcement by the Indian government with Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in retail , especially allowing 100% FDI in single brands and multi-brand FDI has created positive sentiments in the retail sector.\"There are many factors contributing to the boom in this sector. To name a few, increased consumerism with a capacity to spend on luxury items and increased spending power in the hands of Indians. More Indians are travelling abroad and are exposed to different cultures and way of life and thereby more brands. India's internal consumption is also high and the consumption pattern owning to diversity in culture, religion and the family values that encourage spending on specific occasions keep the retail business well oiled. Marriages add a big dimension to the retail spends. Our culture expects a lot of give-and-take for marriages, festivals and other important events of life. Hence, it's imperative for people right from rural to the urban , irrespective of their caste and creed or economic status, to spend on gifts as a part and parcel of life. And that's the reason worldwide retailers eye the Indian market,\" says Swati Salunkhe, managing director, Growth Centre (I) Pvt Ltd.The size of India's retail sector is currently estimated at around $450 billion and organised retail accounts for around 5% of the total market share. Ratings agency Fitch has assigned a stable outlook to the retail sector for 2012 as factors like expected sales, growth-driven expansion and efficient working capital management are likely to benefit retail companies . It is estimated that the retail sector would continue to grow at 10-12 % per annum, which is extremely encouraging when the country's economy is only projected to grow at 6%.EMERGING AREASWithin retail, the emerging sectors would be food and grocery, apparel, electronics, e-commerce , fashion and lifestyle.\"The upcoming areas within retail are luxury, super specialty stores/ malls, and renewed emphasis on high streets. Unfortunately, malls have become expensive affairs for most of the retailers. Therefore, a huge investment and emphasis has been laid down on e-tailing or online stores that has wider reach and are economically viable,\" says Darlie Koshy, DG and CEO, Institute of Apparel Management.Any professional who has an experience in the retail industry or a relevant qualification in the field of retail industry like visual merchandising, marketing or has pursued a retail course can get into this field.SKILL-SETS REQUIREDThe training and the skills would be a little different for people working in Indian retail stores and international retail stores.\"Conceptual understanding, analytical skills and details, understanding customers and observation skills \u2014 project management and operating skills are required to work in any retail industry whether Indian or international.Specific aspects required to work in the international retail world would be understanding of global consumer behaviour, international standards and retailing strategies, for example, retail expansion strategies. One is required to develop a strategic bent of mind to be able to work in this environment,\" says Salunkhe. It is also important to understand local culture , know the local language/s, spending patterns on festivals, special seasons, etc, and so on.Meanwhile, Koshy points out, \"We have always termed retail as semihospitality sector, therefore the knowledge of all the front-end issues such as customer relationship management , merchandise mix, logistics and supply chain management, ERP, and other latest real-time technological know-how is mandatory. One of the key issues is the product knowledge by the salesperson and retail shop floor employees who are not adequately trained in this area.\"Shalini Naagar, head HR, Marks and Spencer , Reliance India Private Ltd, believes that the customer assistants are the most important link in the chain since they are the ones who are directly interacting with customers. \"They are the brand ambassadors and are the ones who exhibit our brand values to our customers. This is the underlying philosophy of our organisation ,\" says Naagar.Further, she points out that they have a thorough recruitment and selection process, which helps them get the best kind of talent. \"We support our recruits with training throughout their employment with us, which include one month prior training at the time of store opening, leadership skill training, customer orientation training , front desk staff training etc,\" says Naagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381721", "title": "The call of the wild", "text": "Trained to be a mechanical engineer, he soon realised that his interest lies in the outdoors. \"By the time I graduated , I knew that I am a product of my hobby \u2014 hiking and camping. I was probably a year into my job, when I realised that I could not settle for a desk job like most engineers and I decided to take up the outdoors as my profession,\" says Ravi Kumar, director of National Outdoor Leadership School (NOLS), India.Founded in 1965 by legendary mountaineer Paul Petzoldt, NOLS takes students of all ages on remote wilderness expeditions and teaches them technical outdoor skills, leadership and environmental ethics. On how he got interested in the outdoors, Kumar says, \"I grew up in south Bangalore. Every time I had a few hours to spare I used to frequent the woods \u2014 usually the nearby national park. Sometimes I would be lucky and get to see wild elephants from a distance. My mother's stories about the Himalaya, gleaned from her pilgrimages to the area, also got me attracted to the outdoors . I felt an urge to see forests and snow-capped mountains.\" He joined SPARK, a hiking club in Bangalore, and went on a week-long trek in the Western Ghats. With that, the outdoor bug was truly entrenched in Kumar's life.He joined NOLS in 1996. To become a part of the faculty he needed extensive expedition experience in the wilderness \u2014 mountaineering, back-packing and rock climbing. Also, he had to go through a 30-day instructor course in the US where he got evaluated as an educator. Finally, he had to teach a monthlong wilderness course to become a faculty.Kumar describes wilderness education as \"back-country classrooms , where students quickly learn how to apply the information given to them.\"On what inspires him, Kumar says he likes what an extended trip in to the wilderness does to a young person's mind. \"My first trip made me look at life in simple terms, gave me a chance to re-orient its course and made me try to be a good human being. I resolved to create such opportunities for others \u2014 that inspires me, keeps me going.\"He feels young people nowadays have WDD \u2014 Wilderness Deficit Disorder. \"By the time they wake up to the world they missed knowing, thanks to the pressures of competing and getting ahead in society, their youth \u2014 sometimes life \u2014 would have passed them by. It is an uphill task getting young people to convincingly imagine, explore the social, personal insecurity fueling this behaviour, leave alone address it.\"According to Kumar, compared to this challenge he faces with today's youth, it was easier for him to climb remote mountains around the world. \"In today's world, propagating outdoor education is a more challenging task than climbing a difficult peak \u2014 and that, is my job,\" he adds.Kumar's advice to the youth is that it is important to know wilderness and spend time in wilderness, for personal growth. \"It is pointless to ask if such personal growth fetches higher marks in school or better pay and designation at work. Personal growth is personal growth,\" he reiterates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379311", "title": "No joy for Sanand landowners", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is not just riches that land-owners around the city have wheeled in after Tata Nano came to Sanand in 2008 to turn the surrounding area into India's car belt. This once idyllic place is seeing much strife between family members battling over land - the most precious commodity in the region. This has also drawn fraudsters, waiting to pounce on the gullible.The special investigation team (SIT) formed in December 2010 by the Ahmedabad police in collaboration with district collectorate has received 1,017 applications related to property disputes. Of these, 49 have been turned into police complaints, while 284 persons were booked for various crimes and 156 were detained. The value of the disputed land is estimated at around Rs 350 crore.When Ashok Patel, a resident of Usmanpura, wanted to buy a large piece of land at Vilasiya village near Kanbha in June 2011, he was approached by residents of Mumbai who claimed they had the power of attorney. A deal was struck for Rs 40 crore, but when Patel doubled-checked the deal documents, he found out they were forged. And this is just the tip of the iceberg.\"The automakers want huge tracts of land which lures real estate developers to this region,\" said a police officer. \"Within four years, the once barren land around Ahmedabad is teeming with up-market residential projects, creating a real estate boom that everyone wants to cash in on.\"Police sub-inspector M B Machar, who is with the SIT, says this year they had received 250 applications compared to 767 last year. \"Major scamsters were put behind the bars. We have put government employees, notaries and stamp vendors under the scanner.\"Officials add there was hardly a village on the Sanand-Nal Sarovar stretch that did not report a land scam during 2011. \"New cases crop up where the farmland is declared as non-farmland or family members dispute inheritance claims. Many try to resolve the issue out of court,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14380335", "title": "Cops seize illicit liquor in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Police have recovered over 900 litres of illicit liquor, most of them popular foreign brands, while being smuggled into Greater Noida from Haryana. Cops had been sensitized about keeping a lookout for liquor being smuggled into the district after the civic polls were declared.Acting on a tip-off, cops were deployed at the location where a mini-truck was to pass with the liquor. \"When we signalled the driver to stop, he fled along with the two helpers. On inspection, the police team found 76 liquor cartons of brands like Bagpiper, Green Label, McDowell's, Imperial Blue, etc. We came to know that the candidate of a political party had ordered the liquor, but can't reveal the name. The driver and his two helpers have been identified as Dharmender, Satpal and Raja,\" said deputy SP, Raj Kumar Mishra.SSP Praveen Kumar said that police have been recovering liquor that is being brought in from other states for distribution among voters almost every day. \"We will soon book the persons responsible for it,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379841", "title": "Water crisis: Malls shut toilets, turn down ACs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing water crisis that has affected numerous households across the city, has now hit the malls too. Malls such as Select CityWalk, DLF Place, DLF Promenade and Ambience Mall Gurgaon faced a major water shortage over the weekend, so much so that washrooms had to be closed and air-conditioning was severely affected.At Select CityWalk in Saket, visitors said the air-conditioners were not working for most of the day and in the adjacent DLF Place, washrooms were shut due to lack of water. \"We came to the mall to escape the heat outside only to realize it was worse inside. It was stifling with no air-conditioning and hundreds of people inside the mall,'' said Pranav Gupta, a resident of Hauz Khas who went to Select CityWalk with his family. Visitors at DLF Place complained that the washrooms were out of bounds. \"The washrooms in DLF mall were not functioning. My child needed to use a toilet, but there was no water. Initially, the mall staff placed signage in front of each bathroom saying the toilet flush was not working. Later they locked the washrooms altogether. We had to cut our evening short and leave,\" said Ankita Aggarwal, a resident of Gurgaon.There was no air-conditioning at the restaurants in DLF Place, said visitors. \"We were looking for a place to eat but ACs was off at all eateries, including most of the food court. We finally had to settle for a restaurant where they had placed two air-coolers. But the mall was jam-packed and it became claustrophobic inside,\" said Archita Dhawan.A DLF mall executive said: \"There was no water. Even now malls have no DJB connection and water tankers were on strike.'' On Saturday evening, a water tanker was seen parked outside DLF Place. The problem in some areas continues as Haryana has yet not resumed supply to the Haiderpur Plant. Production is still down by about 15 million gallons per day.A spokesperson for Select CityWalk said: \"We realized on Thursday that there was going to be a water shortage so we took precautions accordingly. On Friday, we reduced the air-conditioning and closed some washrooms in the morning.\"\"On Saturday, we again closed four of the sixteen washrooms and reduced the air-conditioning in the shopping mall area because we did not want to compromise the air-conditioning in the hotel, fitness centre and cinema halls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385601", "title": "Soni Janjua to bring biggest hit of this summer", "text": "Soni Janjua has been performing at various venues and shows for nearly two years, gaining experience and a large and loyal following. 'Saun Rab Di' has been a particular crowd favourite and subsequently has been chosen as Soni Janjua's debut single which features music by Big Drama Productions and will be released on i-Tunes and all digital stores on the 21st June 2012.Soni Janjua is a very talented young singer who's journey began in 2007 as he submerged himself in vocal training and music lessons. This debut single 'Saun Rab Di', a heady mix of Bhangra, Urban and Folk has the potential to be one of the biggest hits of the summer.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380344", "title": "Burglary at Banjara Hills temple complex", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into three small temples located within a single compound at Banjara Hills and escaped with 2 kg silver jewelry on Saturday night.The incident happened at Hanuman temple complex located near Care hospital on Road No 1 of Banjara Hills.Three temples of Radha Krishna, Hanuman and Shiva are located on the premises.\"Burglars entered the compound by jumping the boundary wall and broke the locks of all three temples. They have taken away all the silver ornaments which were used to decorate the deities,\" Banjara Hills inspector (detective) G Prasada Rao said.The incident came to light at 5.30 am when priests opened the temple.Forensic experts collected finger prints from the spot and based on the complaint lodged by the executive officer, Ram Reddy, a burglary case has been booked under Sections 457/380 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379157", "title": "Engineering student goes missing", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the kidnap of a Class XI boy still fresh in mind, a student of a city-based private engineering institute has been missing since Saturday. The student was identified as Chiranjeevi Kalita from Guwahati.The matter came to light after hostel authorities lodged a complaint about the disappearance of Kalita, a second-year MSc biotechnology student, at Infocity police station. He was untraceable till Sunday evening.\"Kalita left hostel around 9 am on Saturday after informing the warden. When he did not return in the night, the college authorities became worried. His mobile phone is switched off,\" a senior police officer said.\"We are making efforts to trace him. He might have gone to Puri for the ongoing Rath Yatra,\" the police officer added.Kalita's faculty and friends described him a meritorious student. \"He is very simple and does not like flashy lifestyle,\" a friend said.It may be recalled that a student of the same institute was recently kidnapped after being lured into \"honey trap\" by a girl. The student was rescued from Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14386129", "title": "DA case: Court extends Jagan's judicial custody till July 4", "text": "HYDERABAD: A local CBI court has extended till July 4 the judicial remand of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in connection with a disproportionate assets case.Jagan, who appeared before the judge through video conference from Chanchalguda prison where he is lodged, had earlier requested the court that he be allowed to appear in the court in person.However, the court rejected his memo and directed the prison authorities to produce him through video conference.When Jagan was last produced before the court, the police brought him in a police van, instead of the bullet-proof vehicle it used earlier.Objecting to the manner in which he was brought to the court, Jagan had complained to the court and said despite being an MP and president of a political party, he was treated like an ordinary criminal though he was still an accused and no charge against him was proved yet.CBI, probing the assets case against Jagan, had arrested the 39-year-old MP on May 27.The probe agency, in its three charge-sheets filed against Jagan and others, had alleged that he and his father hatched a conspiracy to defraud the government, and the state government granted some favours to certain firms, which made investments in Jagan's businesses as a quid pro quo.Meanwhile, in APIIC-Emaar case, the court extended the remand of suspended IAS officer B P Acharya till July 4. He was also presented before court through video conferencing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379926", "title": "BMC e-governance project to get going in July", "text": "BHOPAL: Municipal Administrative System (MAS), an e-governance project will get functional from July this year, if all goes well, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials said.\"MAS is running on a testing mode. We have already commenced trial runs. We will inaugurate this by first week of July,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"The system was to be inaugurated by April, the fire in BSNL exchange triggered the delay,\" he added.The project is being implemented under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Termed as business process re-engineering system, it is aimed at improving services of the civic body such as facilitating online payments of property taxes, water cess, registration of birth and death and building permissions. Besides, the people can register complaints online and there will be a grievances redressal cell to look into the complaints, BMC sources said.The BMC is also developing 103 centres to promote use of online service where common man would also be provided technical staff to help them use the service. The centers include 70 ward offices, 14 zonal offices and 19 other BMC offices, sources said.\"The zonal centres are ready with all necessary developments. Three major connecting centers, currently under construction, will be ready by June,\" Bhatt said. \"Despite computerisation, manual systems will also be available for the people who do not wish to use web services,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381460", "title": "Overflowing drains flood Rambagh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Rambagh are grappling with waterlogged lanes. The drains of the locality are choked and are not being cleaned regularly. The absence of proper sewage system in the area also results in frequent waterlogging.The drizzle on Friday night has aggravated the problem as most of the lanes and bylanes in Rambagh locality got filled with water. As the drains were choked, drain water overflowed and came in the lanes and bylanes.Aditya Jaiswal, a local resident, said: \"Allahabad Municipal Corporation has turned a blind eye to our plight as they have not initiated measure to clean the drains. If they have taken steps for cleaning of the drains of the area, then problem of waterlogging would not occur.\"The problem is such to an extent that people have to wade through the water taking their children sitting on their shoulders.The problem is such that even shopkeepers of the area regularly complain about filling of waters in the area. The problem is such that water gets filled inside the lanes and bylanes when there is backflow of water as the area is situated on a low lying plane. Further, as the drains are not cleaned, water comes on the road regularly.Narendra Upadhya, a resident of the area rued as there is no proper drainage system in the area, at times, water backflows and spills on the road. As a result, the area has to grapple with frequent waterlogging.\"It is the duty of Allahabad Municipal Corporation to cleaning of the drains of the city so that problem of water-logging can be checked. However, drains of different localities have not been cleaned properly due to which problem of waterlogging is occurring.Talking to TOI, corporator of Rambagh Abha Dwivedi rued that this area continuously face the problem of water logging. She said as the area lacks proper sanitary system, water spills on the road. It is the urgent requirement of the area to have proper sanitary system so that people can get relief from the problem of waterlogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14380728", "title": "Cockroaches must for Earth's survival", "text": "WASHINGTON: The mere sight of a cockroach sends a shiver down the spine of many, but the most despised insect is actually essential to the survival of the Earth's delicate ecosystem, an Indian-origin biologists has claimed.According to Srini Kambhampati, professor and chair of the biology department at the University of Texas at Tyler, the sudden disappearance of Earth's 5,000 to 10,000 cockroach species would have ramifications far beyond your filthy apartments. \"Most cockroaches feed on decaying organic matter, which traps a lot of nitrogen. Cockroach feeding has the effect of releasing that nitrogen (in their feces) which then gets into the soil and is used by plants, Prof Kambhampati said. \"In other words, extinction of cockroaches would have a big impact on forest health and thus indirectly on all the species,\" he said.Prof Kambhampati, who is a graduate from Andhra Pradesh Agricultural University, also warned that the Earth's 5,000 to 10,000 cockroach species are also an important source of food for many birds and small mammals like mice and rats.In turn, these predators are themselves prey to many other species like cats, coyotes, wolves and reptiles, as well as eagles and other birds of prey.None of these animals rely solely on cockroaches for food, Kambhampati said, so they probably wouldn't go extinct, but their numbers would drop. Parasitic wasps, which specialise in parasitising cockroach eggs, do rely entirely on the cockroach.\"These would almost certainly become extinct,\" he noted. \"Extinction of cockroaches would have a big impact on forest health and therefore indirectly on all the species that live there,\" he said.Furthermore, the disappearance of cockroaches would mess with something truly vital for us all, called the nitrogen cycle, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381571", "title": "Scholarship watch: University of Liverpool", "text": "VICE CHANCELLOR'S SCHOLARSHIP, UNIVERSITY OF LIVERPOOLStudents from India are being invited to apply for the UK-based University of Liverpool's Vice-Chancellor's International Attainment Scholarship, worth more than \u00a37,000 over the course of their degree programme. The scholarship is intended for high-achieving students studying non-clinical undergraduate programmes at the university in September 2012. Successful candidates will be awarded \u00a32,500 for each year of their studies, which will be deducted from their tuition feesELIGIBILITY:In order to qualify for the award, students must attain 85% or above in class XII. Students who have achieved these grades will automatically be considered for the award. Should they then be able to maintain a 70% or more grade score in each year of their studies at Liverpool, they will continue to receive the award for each year of their degree. For more, visit: www.liv.ac.uk/study/- international/money-andscholarships /vicechancellors-int .htm For further information on the international clearing process please email to intclear@liv.ac.ukDEADLINE :Students applying to the university for the UG programmes should do so before the June 30. Applications after this date, however, can be processed through the university's International Clearing lines, which open on July 9 and close on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14380612", "title": "Haryana govt wakes up, orders probe into Mahi's death", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana government on Sunday ordered a magisterial probe into the death of Mahi after she fell into a 70-foot-deep borewell and died, deputy commissioner P C Meena said.On Thursday, a case was filed against the landlord Rohtash Tayal, in whose property Mahi's family live as tenants, under Sections 188 and 366 of the IPC for disobedience of order issued by the district administration and for an act which endangered the life of another. However, no arrests have been made so far.The landlord is a resident of west Delhi, as reported by TOI earlier. According to sources in the administration, the sarpanch of Kasan village is also responsible for not having informed the administration or police about the illegal boring in his village.Anil Rao, joint commissioner of police (Gurgaon), said their priority so far had been to rescue the child. \"Now that the operation is over, our focus would be to nab the owner. We have also added Section 304 (causing death due to negligence) in the FIR,\" Rao.\"If we had been informed about the illegal boring and then would have failed to take action, we could have been blamed for our negligence. We had no information about the illegal digging,\" explained Gurgaon district magistrate, P C Meena, who seemed to be on the defensive.Rao said an FIR is lodged in such cases following an inquiry. \"The violators are arrested according to legal procedures,\" he said, while agreeing illegal digging of borewells is rampant and go unchecked in several instances.A complaint against the sarpanch is yet to be filed, whose whereabouts are not known so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380395", "title": "Residents beat the heat at cafes, parks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With frequent power cuts becoming the norm these days, city residents are looking out for various 'escape' routes to save themselves from the unbearable heat. While some prefer to stroll in the nearby parks in the evening to beat the heat, others zero in on comfy cafeterias or are simply gorge on ice creams or guzzle on soft drinks. And when the electricity goes, people get on the phones with their relatives to find out if there is electricity at their homes and if the answer is a yes, they simply skip to their houses to cool off. Anju Bardwaj, a government employee, who lives in Sector 22 rued, \"These days the night temperature has increased which has only added to people's woes. When the electricity goes, I check with my parents if there is light in their sector and then go to their house in Sector 33.\"\"A cafe in Sector 38 is my new home these days, as it's difficult to stay home with the electricity playing hookey most of the time. There, along with sipping on cold coffee, one can also make use of wi-fi\", said Mohammad Adil, a student, who is a resident of Sector 34.Shivani Gupta, who lives in Sector 41 said, \"There are frequent power cuts in my sector and I don't have any inverter at home, so whenever there is a power cut, I go to my friend's house in the neighbourhood as they have an inverter. On Wednesday night too, I slept at her place as there was no light at my place till midnight.\"She added, \"I go out for a walk whenever there is a power cut. As the ice cream parlors are open till late in the night, one can at least have an ice cream.\" Manish Kumar, manager of a cafe in Sector 17 said, \"Usually our cafe is full on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, but now-a-days people come on other days as well and sit here for hours due to prolonged power cuts in the city all through the day.\"Raj Sharma, manager of a Sector 35 based cafe said, \"These days the number of customers, mainly during the day time, has increased. There are many people who are staying as paging guests in the nearby sectors and as the power cut problem here is frequent these days, so they choose to spend time at the cafeterias because here they also get to use wi-fi facility, even as they indulge their taste buds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14381220", "title": "Leopard kills man in Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A leopard attacked and killed a 40-year-old man, who was sleeping on the outskirts of Dudhala village in Dhari taluka of Amreli district late on Saturday night.According to forest officials, the deceased was identified as Hakabhai, a mentally challenged person. \"Locals said that Hakabhai used to roam around in Dudhala and Jira villages and lived a vagabond life. He used to sleep anywhere in the village. His body was found on the outskirts of the village,'' said a senior forest official.According to Anshuman Sharma, deputy conservator of forests (Gir East), Dhari division, the incident may have occurred after 10 pm on Saturday as locals told them that they had seen the victim at this time in the village.\"He used to stay anywhere and people gave him food. He was mentally challenged,'' Sharma said.Forest officials said that sign of Leopard was found from deceased's body. \"It is likely that the leopard attacked Haka while he was asleep,'' said forest official.According to officials, leopards have killed at least 10 people in the last six months in Amreli and Junagadh districts.Meanwhile, a one month-old baby was killed by a dog in Kesariya village in Una taluka of Junagadh district. The incident came into light on Sunday morning when the baby's family members did not find her in the house. Her body was found from nearby area.\"Earlier, we thought that it might be a leopard that killed the baby. But, our rescue team and trackers did not find any sign of leopard in the area where this incident occurred. Locals have never spotted any leopard in this area. In fact, we found some evidence suggesting that a dog dragged the baby and killed her,'' said Sharma.Forest officials said that deceased' family members were staying in a makeshift huts and sell bangles in the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14380903", "title": "2 Russian women, cop held in extortion case in Panipat", "text": "PANIPAT: A vigilance bureau inspector and two Russian women were arrested in Panipat on Sunday for allegedly trying to extort Rs 1 crore from a Karnal-based businessman by threatening to frame him in a rape case. Inspector Jaswant Bangar and Russians Arina and Nura were booked for administering intoxicants to Kanavdeep Singh, a businessman from Karnal, and then alleging he had raped them. Bangar demanded Rs 1 crore to file a closure report.Bangar had met Arina and Nura in a Panipat hotel on June 18. While he and his accomplice, Vinod, were arrested late on Saturday, police said the women, both around 25, have Indian husbands whom they are trying to contact. DSP Virender Dalal said that Bangar and Vinod were booked for attempting to extort money from Kanavdeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385090", "title": "Choreographer Imran Sardhariya turns director", "text": "Popular choreographer Imran Sardhariya is all set to turn director this September. He's set to follow suit the lines of other choreographers like Prabhu Dheva, Ahmed Khan, Farah Khan and Sandalwood's own A Harsha. Imran, who has always wanted to get into direction, is now readying up to direct a multi-starrer flick which stars Prajwal, Diganth and Yogish.The choreographer, who shot to limelight for choreographing the Ganesh's Stylo song from 'Hudugaata', has got producer K Manju backing his film. \"I thought how no one has ever considered making a film with Prajwal, Diganth and Yogi as a combo. This is a fun adventure flick which will cater to each of their images,\" says Imran.The choreographer, who is currently working on a song for Kodi Ramakrishna's next starring Ramya and Diganth, is also busy with the pre-production of his film. Quiz him why he's not taken up a dance-based film, which is what most choreographers do, and he instantly replies, \"This will have dance, but I wanted to also have some action and adventure. It will be a complete entertainer.\"Choreographer-turned-director report card Prabhu Dheva - He has delivered hits in Hindi Telugu and Tamil Farah Khan - She's got two hits and one dud A Harsha - One hit and two duds Ahmed Khan - He's not had a hit film yet Ganesh Acharya - Directed two duds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380370", "title": "Summer worsens water woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the summer reaching its peak, the problem of water shortage and low water pressure has only turned from bad to worse. The supply was stopped in the afternoon hours and the time period for water supply was extended for one hour in the morning by the Chandigarh municipal corporation earlier. However people are not getting proper water supply even as per the scheduled time. Residents of many areas of the city are complaining that they are not getting enough water even for their daily requirements.Sources in the engineering wing of the MC say that wastage of water in the supply pipelines is one of the major reason for shortage in the city.Besides, the MC has failed to properly implement the tertiary water supply project in the city for irrigating parks and gardens in the city for saving huge quantity of potable water, which is presently being used for irrigating these green areas. Tertiary water scheme in doldrumsWith the summer reaching its peak, the problem of water shortage and low water pressure has only turned from bad to worse.\"The water supply pipelines are as old as Chandigarh and these have not been replaced even once. Replacing these may be a tough task but it is not impossible and if the MC wants to improve things, these can be changed in phases\", said P C Sanghi, retired chief engineer and chairman of the federation of sectors welfare association of Chandigarh.Subash Chawla, member of the water supply and sewerage disposal committee of the MC said, \"It is surprising that the MC has failed in implementing the tertiary water supply in a proper manner till date and they don't have any road map to improve the deteriorating water supply situation.\"Paramjit Kaur, a resident of Sector 42 pointed out that, \"The pressure of water is so low that we are not even able to store enough water for our daily drinking requirements.\"Suresh Kumar, a resident of Sector 11 said, \"The supply of water is very poor in our area and it is simply impossible to fill our tanks for storing water for daily use.\"Besides shortage of water, residents are also having to put up with other problems. Amit Kumar, a resident of Sector 21 said, \"Since the last few days we have been getting muddy water in our area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379705", "title": "Just 21 people run National Rural Health Mission in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Only 21 persons, including seven doctors and a couple of bureaucrats, are running the National Rural Health Mission in Uttar Pradesh. The number is shocking since UP gets the biggest share of funds allocated for the mega health programme.Compared to this, Tamil Nadu, whose budget is 25% of UP's allocation, has engaged more than 170 persons for NRHM. Even Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar have hired more people as compared to UP. Highlighting the acute shortage of workforce in NRHM's State Programme Management Unit (SPMU), UP government has sought permission from Union health and family welfare ministry to recruit more people. In the letter written to the ministry, the government has asked permission and subsequent allocations to hire at least 100 persons for technical responsibilities particularly relating to construction, designing, planning information education communication (IEC) campaigns and consultants.The comptroller and auditor general's (CAG) report on NRHM identified lack of work force as one of the main reasons for poor implementation of the programme in the state. It strongly recommended hiring of skilled people for better functioning of NRHM. \"Strengthen SPMU suitably in terms of skilled manpower and infrastructure to improve its working and enable it to discharge responsibility in matters of finance, accounts, civil works and procurement,\" CAG report stated.Along with the letter, the state government has sent an elaborate proposal that gives a head-wise break of the people to be hired. As per this, consultants would head the units like administration (including human resource and legal services), IEC, procurement, construction, mobile medical units, emergency medical transport unit, Janani Suraksha Yojana, ASHA, quality control, planning among others.NRHM director Mukesh Meshram, \"We have got positive indications from the Union government in this regard. Considering the population size, we need at least 300 people but for now, we have sent a request for 100 people.\" Sources in the ministry revealed that officials were mulling over some kind of standardisation of workforce so that the skewed division (as in case of UP) be eliminated.The shortage of manpower exists down the line. There were large gaps in the number of health personnel in position and the number required as per Indian Public Health Standards. The shortage of auxiliary nursing midwives (ANMs), doctors and specialists at the rural health facilities were 48%, 61% and 65% respectively. Against a requirement of 8,327 as per IPHS, only 4,606 staff nurses were available in the state. In the sub centers, the shortage of ANMS and multipurpose health workers- Male were 11% and 76% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380279", "title": "Off-campus colleges go state of the art", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's time to move over the obsession for campus colleges. While popular colleges are facing space crunch, many Delhi University colleges in other parts of the city are coming up with fancy buildings and state-of-the-art infrastructure.Last year, Maharaja Agrasen College (MAC) moved out of a school building after 15 years to start functioning from a sprawling new campus, spread over 10 acres, in Vasundhara Enclave. This year, Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women (SRC) has shifted to a new building next to MAC.SRC was running from a school building in Jhilmil in east Delhi which was shared with Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies all these years. Classes will begin at the new eight-acre campus in July. \"Earlier, we functioned from a place which was just 1.5 acre and we also shared it with another college. It was difficult for us to operate in such a small space. But the new campus has 16 classrooms and laboratories for food technology, instrumentation and biomedical sciences,\" said principal S Lakshmi Devi.The college also has a hostel which is likely to be ready for use by the end of the year. \"Students need space to express themselves. There is a garden too. Earlier we got students mainly from east Delhi areas but now we hope aspirants from other parts of the city and even outside will opt for admission here,\" the principal said. The college has been given a campus under a grant from Delhi government.Another college to get a fancier address is Deen Dayal Upadhaya College. Currently located in Karampura near Moti Nagar, the college is likely to shift to Dwarka in the next three years. The seven-storey building will is going to be the tallest college in DU.\"The building will have parking space for 600 cars. There will be a hostel each for boys and girls, an indoor sports room and a gym,\" said principal S K Garg. The new campus has been planned under a Rs 150 crore grant from Delhi government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14386521", "title": "Geological depart intensifies against Gujarat sand mafia", "text": "SURAT : Investigations into the interstate sand smuggling racket busted from the Kamrej taluka some two weeks ago have been intensified by the Geological department.The department has sent the details of the truck containers used for illegally transporting sand mined from Tapi river towards Mumbai to the authorities of Bhilad Check Post to get exact information on the transit of the containers from Surat to Mumbai.In a major raid operation conducted by the Geological department of the district at Kamrej some two weeks ago, about 2000 tones of sand extracted illegally from the Tapi River was seized from a rose nursery located on the National Highway-8.Official sources said the team from the Geological department seized documents that prove huge quantity of sand mined illegally from Tapi river is transported to the neighboring Maharashtra state in the last few months. A list of record showing the container numbers and the consignment of sand transported to Mumbai in the last two month.With the boom in the realty market in the neighboring Maharashtra state, especially in Mumbai and Pune, the demand for good quality sand for construction purpose in on the rise. As the sand from Tapi river falls in the A-grade category, the sand mafias have started large scale smuggling of sand to Mumbai.\"A big cartel is active in the region for smuggling sand to Mumbai. There is a ban on transporting sand from Gujarat to other states. We are yet to find out who is the kingpin of the sand cartel\" said a senior officer.Sources said that when the officials from the Geological department raided rose nursery where 2000 tones of illegal sand was seized in Kamrej, the labourers were readying the sand bags and loading it in the transport truck. The sand consignment was transported to Mumbai. For each sand bag the sand mafias were collecting Rs 60.\"We have asked the authorities of Bhilad Check Post to provide detailed information on the specific containers that passed from the check post in the past few months. The check post will have the complete record of the containers and this will help us in evaluating the exact number of containers sent from Surat to Mumbai with the illegal sand mined from Tapi river\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378933", "title": "Rift in Army cadres over new promotion policy", "text": "NAGPUR: The issue of promotions is leading to a rift among different cadres of the Indian Army. The services and the supporting arms (non-fighting branches) have alleged that the promotion system discriminates against them vis-a-vis fighting units.The Army is broadly divided into three categories. The arms include infantry, armoured, artillery and mechanized infantry while the services include service and ordnance corps as well as EME. The supporting arms are the signals, engineers, air defence and army aviation.The problem is that the present system, implemented since 2009, hampers career prospects of those in non-fighting branches, creating an undue advantage for those in the arms to become full colonel. Promotions up to the rank of Lt Colonels are time-bound and selections are made after that.It all began with a serving lt colonel from Army Service Corps (ASC), which deals in supplies, writing a letter to the chief of army staff (COAS) and expressing discontent over promotion policy. According to him, the policy strongly favours the arms and undermines the career prospects of those in services. It was an unprecedented event by itself.However, a group of 19 officers of lt colonel rank, mainly from ASC, joined by a couple from the engineers later filed a petition in the Armed Forces Tribunal seeking a change in the policy. It is due to be heard next week.There have also been instances of directors general (DG) heading some of the corps writing to army headquarters over the last year voicing similar concerns. TOI had access to excerpts of two such letters. Last week, some DGs have again sent letters on the same lines.They are stressing that the policy is leading to dissatisfaction among personnel, creating an unhealthy work culture. Those in the lower rungs argue they did not join the services or supporting arms out of choice. The allocations are made when the officers pass out of the Indian Military Academy (IMA). Moreover, they also serve initial tenures in infantry regiments and earn gallantry medals while the services and supporting arms go into battle as a single division with the fighting arms.A section of officers allege that the move to ensure faster promotion to the rank of colonel from the arms is to ensure that officers from the same branch get more presence in higher ranks like brigadier and major general.Even as DGs are lobbying at the headquarters, lt colonels are preparing for their case to be heard at the tribunal. The group says the command-based model introduced after 2009 has led to their juniors in the arms superseding them.The group of officers has collected documents by filing requests under RTI to prove their point. The policy, implemented on the lines of suggestions of the AV Singh Committee, was to lead to better career prospects and early promotions in armed forces. However, while implementing the new policy based on the recommendations the word 'armed forces', which meant the entire army, was replaced by 'arms'. This indirectly led to an undue advantage for combat branches, alleged an officer in the group.The new policy, termed command-based model, specifies that every colonel in the infantry stays in command of a unit for 2.5 years before moving ahead for a new stint. This period is three years for armoured, artillery and mechanized infantry. However, the command tenure for the services has been fixed at five years.So, the turnover is faster in the arms and slow in the services and support arms. For example, a colonel commanding an infantry regiment will remain there for 2.5 years and move ahead for another posting. This will give another officer down the line a chance to become colonel. So a higher number of officers get a chance to become colonel in the arms while those in services remain stuck, said the source.The army too is sensing the seriousness of the problem and a committee has been formed under a lt general to address the matter. TOI has access to excerpts of orders dated May 30, 2012, directing a holistic appraisal of the policy for allocation of select ranks as implemented in 2009. The terms of reference include suggesting modifications of any 'caveats' included in the policy. Caveats are the conditions put in place by the 2009 policy that officers from services and supporting arms are objecting to, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380019", "title": "Auto cheats back in Mumbai, making 20-35% gains", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto cheats are back on the roads. Several passengers have called up TOI to complain that auto drivers have again tampered meters and are fleecing passengers with fares which are 20-35 % higher.Readers said they tried to complain on the RTO helpline 1800-22-0110 and most found it inaccessible.\"After the 2011 RTO drive ended and the notification on compulsory introduction of e-meters from March 1, there were few cases of rigged meters. Of late, the menace has resurfaced,\" said a regular commuter, Latika Ghosal. \"I recently argued with drivers at least twice as I knew they were charging extra.\"Another passenger, Sudhir Panchal, said he was charged Rs26 for a fare of not more than Rs19. \"The drivers seem to be taking advantage of the fact that mechanical meters will be around till March 2013,\" he stated, adding that the RTO should resume its drive against meter-rigging.An RTO official from Wadala said e-meters were tamper-proof. \"The problem (tampering) will exist only in autos whose fitness tests are pending. Some autos will come for the annual fitness test in March next year. So, we can't force them to switch over to e-meters,\" he stated. Recently, some drivers tried to tamper with e-meters, but the gadgets showed 'error messages' and malfunctioned.Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"Auto drivers have been rigging meters and cheating passengers. But sadly, the government has given them ample time to switch over to e-meters. Had they installed electronic gadgets in all autos within three months (March-April-May), there would have been no complaint on meter-tampering and excess fares.\" He had submitted an exhaustive roadmap on how e-meters could be installed in three months.A passenger, Swati Kulkarni, said, \"Auto drivers still carry fake tariff cards. Some have pasted them inside vehicles. In a mechanical meter, exact fares are not shown and we cannot carry tariff cards all the time. So, whatever, the driver says is what we have to pay.\" She realized recently that two auto drivers had charged different fares for the same distance. \"There is no way to catch a driver red-handed,\" she said.Said Deshpande, \"In e-meters, one can catch a driver red-handed. If you see the distance flashed on the screen, you can cross-check it with the actual distance between source and destination. If it is an inflated distance, it means the meter is rigged.\"The Mumbai Grahak Panchayat will soon conduct awareness campaigns for commuters. As for unscrupulous drivers, they seem to be making a quick buck as long as they possess mechanical meters, especially during monsoons, a peak earning season. RTO officials said that more than 70% autos will sport e-meters by the year-end and the problem of meter-rigging is likely to end to a large extent by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380264", "title": "Homams, yagams fast catching up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Simple pujas and 'vratams' seeking the blessings of gods and goddesses are passe. Homams and yagams, which are the oldest rituals mentioned in the Vedas, are the latest fad among youngsters and professionals. So much so that over 500 priests across the state are busy performing yagams and homams round-the-clock.According to Kuppa Krishna Murthy, a scholar from the Institute of Scientific Research on Vedas, the demand for homams has been on the rise for the last 4-5 years. Yagams such as Chandi, Rudra, Atirudra, Ganapati, Sudarshana, Mahalakshmi and Soura are performed with much fervour and belief. \"Growing insecurity in the society has led to the fascination for these special yagams. With the increasing demand for these rituals, a dearth of priests who perform these yagams has also been reported,\" he said.Homams are conducted for individuals where as yagams are held for the larger benefit of the society.Politicians like K Chandrasekhar Rao and T Subbarami Reddy have a special liking for Chandi yagam which is performed to please goddess Durga for power. \"Not just politicians and film stars, even youngsters and professionals come to us for performing the Chandi yagam. We were recently approached by the fans of a politician for performing the yagam,\" a Vedic priest said.Chandi yagam costs anywhere between Rs 3 lakh and Rs 25 lakh, where as a Shanti homam performed in homes to ward off evil costs Rs 10,000. \"There are about 500 priests in the state who hail from West and East Godavari and Krishna districts, specialising in these yagams,\" priest Jagannath Sharma told TOI. Till a few years ago, only 10-15 yagams were performed in a year in the state but now the scenario has changed completely. On an average, a Vedic priest performs five yagams in a year and 200 to 300 homams. \"Yagams have caught the eye of industrialists, politicians and other rich people. The most expensive yagam, Atiratram, was performed recently in Bhadrachalam. It costs Rs 7 crore,\" he added.Yagams for world peace, rain and common benefit of the people are also performed in temples. Hundreds of students took part in the Maha Saraswati yagam, which was performed by the TTD in Tirupati recently, for students' fruitful career.However, these yagams are not free from disputes and controversies.\"Yagams and homams should be performed on the basis of four different agamas (Vaidika, Shaiva, Pancharatra and Vaikhanasa) depending on the deity. If the priest does not follow the rules like Nitya Agnihotram, the yagam or homam does not yield the desired result,\" Yaaji, an 80-year-old advisor to the endowments department, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379969", "title": "Woman killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: A newly married working woman was crushed to death at Niranjanpur crossing here on Sunday morning. The deceased identified as Yogita, 19, wife of Ramesh Sharma was resident of Lasudia area. The woman was reportedly working in a private company's showroom and was married since six months.Police said that Yogita was going to office in the morning when a truck MP09-HB0210 hit her two-wheeler MP09 AK1035 from behind. She lost the balance on vehicle and came under the wheels of the truck. She died on the spot.Police has sent the body to MY Hospital for the post-mortem and is investigating the case. Police has impounded the truck and has also arrested the driver Durgesh, who is the resident of Chhindwara district.In another incident, an unidentified youth was found murdered on Kalaria road in Betma early on Sunday morning. Police has found marks of injury on his neck.As per the assumptions, police said that the victim was apparently murdered somewhere else and the body was dumped on Kalaria road. However, his identity has not been ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380751", "title": "Gay community in Chennai seeks acceptance, security of marriage", "text": "CHENNAI: Under a bright midday sun on Elliot's Beach, a group of people dressed up in rainbow colours. Wearing shining masks, they held up colourful posters and banners. Some of the messages of the banner read like this:\"We are gay, but we still want to start a family and seek legal protection\", \"Why can't I marry my boyfriend\", \"Hey there, we are a pink couple\" and \"Why can't we adopt a child?\" were some of the messages not just directed at the society but also the government.Gay couples, who participated in the fourth Lesbian Gay Bisexuals Transgenders (LGBT) pride march that was held in the city on Sunday, wanted the society to accept them as they were and not just relegate the issue to just bullying.\"We want our parents and society to know that we are a couple and are in a relationship,\" says Venkatraman Sunderraj who with his boyfriend Mohandas G K was holding the poster reading \"Why can't I marry my boyfriend?\". The duo, who live together in an apartment at Tambaram, say their neighbours and families believe they are just bachelor friends.They say it is time the government and the society admit that a homosexual relationship is natural. \"We also want the security of marriage. We also have the same dreams of registering our marriage and being blessed by our parents,\" says Mohandas, who works as human resources manager at a multinational company. Even small things like naming their partner as a beneficiary in an insurance policy or will is not possible, like in a normal marriage, they added. The couple in fact believes that if they had been open about their relationship while house hunting, their apartment may have never come through.Though it is legalized in more than 13 countries across the globe, adoption by a gay couple is not possible in India because laws do not recognize two men or women as a 'couple'. The only way a gay person can have a child is by claiming to be a 'single Hindu male' during adoption or through surrogacy. However, marriage is still a distant dream for the LGBT community, say activists. \"I think legalizing same sex marriages or adoption rights has a very long way to go in the country. Even the amendment to section 377, decriminalizing gay sex has not been taken up in many states and cities,\" says popular gay rights activist Sunil Menon.Several members from outside the community also turned up at the march to show their solidarity. It was particularly heartwarming to see Vinayak Ghunanikar, a retired government employee, proudly wearing a poster that read \"I support my gay son\". He had flown down from Pune just for the march.Held at Elliot's beach for the first time, the event saw a smaller turnout compared to previous marches at the Marina, but continued to have the same colour and fun. \"Marina beach saw a larger turnout as the public joined us there, but since this is an upmarket residential area, most residents here already know the problems and issues,\" says another gay rights activist Dr L Ramakrishnan also known as Ramki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380236", "title": "\u2018New additions to original structure wilted under fire\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Portions on the main floor of Mantralaya that were added subsequently were the only ones that wilted under fire, a report submitted by a team of experts from the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) on Sunday said. As per the report, minimal damage was caused to columns and beams of the original structure comprising ground and six floors, all of which were ready by 1955. An additional floor was subsequently added and additions made to portions of the sixth floor.The NDMA team, comprising IIT professors Ravi Sinha and Alok Goyal, who carried out an inspection of the premises on Saturday, found that these subsequent additions were made up of light-weight construction material (steel) that lacked fire resistance. These were that collapsed in the fire. But Mantralaya officials feign ignorance on these additional structures.Sinha told TOI that officials who accompanied them during the inspection had no detail on when these came up. \"We will have to check the records to ascertain why these structures were set up,\" CM Prithviraj Chavan said.\"Despite bearing the brunt of six hours of intense fire, status of the concrete members of the original structure remains unchanged,\" Sinha said, adding there was heavy damage to the content (partitions and furniture).The NDMA team was requested to conduct an inspection of the site for their opinion on the building's structural stability. A team of private structural engineers and another team of government engineers had also found the building structurally sound.The NDMA team has recommended that the ground, the first and the second floor of the building could be immediately occupied. \"Even on the upper floors (fourth, fifth, and the sixth), the road-facing side is structurally sound. But detailed structural investigations have been recommended for damage suffered on the north wing on these floors.\"With multiple structural audits revealing that the building was structurally sound, plans for reconstruction appear to have taken a backseat for now. Chavan said that a final decision regarding the upper floors would only be taken after detailed reports are submitted. But he made it clear that if restored, the seventh floor will not exist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14386404", "title": "Gene mutations behind massive brain asymmetry in kids", "text": "LONDON: Experts say gene mutations are likely culprits for causing hemimegalencephaly, a rare but dramatic condition in which the brain grows asymmetrically, with one hemisphere becoming massively enlarged.Though frequently diagnosed in children with severe epilepsy, the cause of hemimegalencephaly is unknown and current treatment is radical: surgical removal of some or all of the diseased half of the brain.Now, a team of doctors and scientists led by researchers at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute say de novo somatic mutations in a trio of genes that help regulate cell size and proliferation are likely behind hemimegalencephaly, though perhaps not the only ones.De novo somatic mutations are genetic changes in non-sex cells that are neither possessed nor transmitted by either parent. The scientists' findings - a collaboration between Joseph G. Gleeson, MD, professor of neurosciences and pediatrics at UC San Diego School of Medicine and Rady Children's Hospital-San Diego; Gary W. Mathern, MD, a neurosurgeon at UC Los Angeles' Mattel Children's Hospital; and colleagues - suggest it may be possible to design drugs that inhibit or turn down signals from these mutated genes, reducing or even preventing the need for surgery.Gleeson's lab studied a group of 20 patients with hemimegalencephaly upon whom Mathern had operated, analyzing and comparing DNA sequences from removed brain tissue with DNA from the patients' blood and saliva.\"Mathern had reported a family with identical twins, in which one had hemimegalencephaly and one did not. Since such twins share all inherited DNA, we got to thinking that there may be a new mutation that arose in the diseased brain that causes the condition,\" said Gleeson.Realizing they shared the same ideas about potential causes, the physicians set out to tackle this question using new exome sequencing technology, which allows sequencing of all of the protein-coding exons of the genome at the same time.The researchers ultimately identified three gene mutations found only in the diseased brain samples. All three mutated genes had previously been linked to cancers.\"We found mutations in a high percentage of the cells in genes regulating the cellular growth pathways in hemimegalencephaly,\" said Gleeson.\"These same mutations have been found in various solid malignancies, including breast and pancreatic cancer. For reasons we do not yet understand, our patients do not develop cancer, but rather this unusual brain condition. Either there are other mutations required for cancer propagation that are missing in these patients, or neurons are not capable of forming these types of cancers,\" he stated.The mutations were found in 30 percent of the patients studied, indicating other factors are involved. Nonetheless, the researchers have begun investigating potential treatments that address the known gene mutations, with the clear goal of finding a way to avoid the need for surgery.\"Although counterintuitive, hemimegalencephaly patients are far better off following the functional removal or disconnection of the enlarged hemisphere,\" said Mathern.\"Prior to the surgery, most patients have devastating epilepsy, with hundreds of seizures per day, completely resistant to even our most powerful anti-seizure medications. The surgery disconnects the affected hemisphere from the rest of the brain, causing the seizures to stop. If performed at a young age and with appropriate rehabilitation, most children suffer less language or cognitive delay due to neural plasticity of the remaining hemisphere,\" he added.But a less-invasive drug therapy would still be more appealing.\"We know that certain already-approved medications can turn down the signaling pathway used by the mutated genes in hemimegalencephaly,\" said lead author and former UC San Diego post-doctoral researcher Jeong Ho Lee, now at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology.\"We would like to know if future patients might benefit from such a treatment. Wouldn't it be wonderful if our results could prevent the need for such radical procedures in these children?\" Ho Lee added.The study was published in the June 24, 2012 online issue of Nature Genetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14383662", "title": "Chhattisgarh to educate children of extremism affected areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the achievements of over 150 children of left-wing extremism affected areas in securing admissions in reputed engineering colleges, the Chhattisgarh government has constructed a residential hostel here to educate them.The state-of-the-art residential complex, constructed in about 2,000 sq meter in Dwarka locality here, with a capacity of accommodating at least 100 students will be inaugurated in July 3.\"We want to educate more and more children from LWE affected areas. They will be provided better coaching classes and accommodation free of cost. The aim is to ensure better education and skill development of these children so that they can bring positive changes and development back in the state,\" Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh told PTI from Raipur.He said a pilot project has brought a significant result in Chhattisgarh.\"There were about 150 students from LWE areas of the state who got through various national engineering colleges through 'Prayas', a special initiative of the state government,\" the CM said.Chhattisgarh had in 2010 launched a programme 'Prayas' to provide education to students from the LWE districts of the state and other tribal or backward areas.About 300 such students were provided accommodation in tribal hostels, especially constructed for the purpose, in the state capital Raipur and given coaching for regular courses and competitive examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386374", "title": "SATC ruined my sex life, says Kim Cattrall", "text": "Kim Cattrall has revealed how her sex life was harmed by the racy TV characters she portrayed.The 55-year-old played confident and highly sexualised Samantha Jones in the hit American drama 'Sex and the City'.Her character famously describes herself a \"try-sexual\" - hinting to her keenness for new sexual adventures.But in real life, Cattrall has spoken about the impact this had on her own relationships.\"I'm no expert on sex but I've felt under huge pressure in the past to be one, because of the characters I've played,\" the Telegraph quoted her as telling The Sunday Times Magazine.But the Liverpool-born actress said that her discomfort on the issue had since been resolved.\"The thing that changed everything for me was becoming sexually happy,\" she said.\"I'd not been for years, but then I was with a partner who was sensitive and who listened. One of the great things about 'Sex and the City' was that it addressed sexuality with humour.\"It's not all about orgasms... it's about the journey ,\" she said.Cattrall, who lives in New York , also played a washed-up former porn star in last year's 'Meet Monica Velour', a movie that went straight to DVD as a result of its lack of box office success in the US.Cattrall said that she had enjoyed mixed successes during recent dates.\"I'm getting better; I've learnt to listen well,\" she said.\"You know within three seconds if you're going to have a history with someone - it's a long half-hour if you've got it wrong,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14386050", "title": "SC refuses to stay nation-wide doctors' strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday refused to stay the day-long nation-wide strike called by the Indian Medical Association to protest against certain reforms initiated by the Central Government in the medical field.A bench of justices H L Gokhale and Gyan Sudha Misra, however, hoped the doctors would desist from going ahead with the proposed strike in the interest of the general public.\"We find force in the submission made by senior counsel M N Krishnamani that the strike would cause serious difficulties to the people. We expect that the doctors would not go on strike,\" the bench observed.The apex court felt that it was too late to stay the strike as it would be difficult to ensure compliance but issued notice to the Centre on the petitioners' plea that the doctors going on strike would be illegal and unconstitutional.The apex court also asked senior counsel T S Dhobia, appearing for the Centre, as to why the government failed to take any preventive steps despite the petitioners making a representation to it.\"Why don't you respond. They (petitioners) had earlier made a representation for preventing the strike. You could have acted,\" the bench observed.The Centre's counsel merely stated that the strike was impermissible and the government was not in favour of it.The apex court was hearing a petition by an NGO, People for Better Treatment (PBT), opposing the doctors' strike and seeking it to be declared as illegal.PBT has submitted to the apex court that the proposed strike violates, apart from the Hippocrates Oath, several other provisions in the Medical Council of India ( MCI ).The Indian Medical Association(IMA) had called the strike to protest against the Union government's decision to set up a National Commission for Health and other policy decisions affecting the medical profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "14381078", "title": "IGNOU opens study centre at central jail", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Aimed at reformation of undertrial prisoners as well as convicted inmates, the Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) has opened a study centre at central jail, Bhagalpur. It would cater to the learning needs of both literate and semi-literate prisoners.Already 185 jailbirds have been enrolled in different courses, while several others evinced interest in the literacy programme conducted by the IGNOU in collaboration of jail authorities. Interestingly, IGNOU is bearing all the expenses for conducting the courses for the prisoners. According to sources, the jail inmates would be taking admission to post-graduate, graduate, intermediate as well as other professional courses as per their qualifications.For the less literate prisoners, IGNOU is offering innovative bachelor preparatory programme (BPP). Four inmates are taking admission in post-graduate, 18 in graduate, 125 in BPP and some others in other courses, said jail sources. BPP is offered to those students who wish to pursue bachelor's degree of IGNOU but have not cleared their intermediate or equivalent degree.Jail sources said among the prisoners who have shown their keenness in pursuing one or the other courses include four hardcore Maoists, one prisoner who has been awarded capital punishment and some lifers.Jitendra Kumar, superintendent of Central Jail and course coordinator of the study centre on Sunday said it was really is a big step towards reforming the prisoners. \"By educating the prisoners, we can bring them into mainstream of society,\" he said and added jail inmates have not only shown their eagerness in getting enrolled for the courses of their choice but also are convinced that they can lead a normal life when they come out of the prison with a degree from a reputed university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381479", "title": "Two caught cheating in railway exam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two candidates were caught using unfair means in the last phase of Group D railway examination held at different centres spread across the district on Sunday.Public Relations Officer of North Central Railway Manzar Karrar said about 36% candidates appeared in the first phase of the examination. About 17,403 candidates were present and 30,941 candidates were absent in the first phase of the examination. The examination was conducted in two meetings. The first meeting started at 9:30am and continued till 11:30am while the second meeting commenced at about 2:30 pm and ended at 4:30pm.The two candidates appearing in the Group D examination were utilizing unfair means in the examination. The invigilator present in the classroom caught the students. They were disqualified and debarred from appearing in the future railway examination.Candidates made a beeline to the different examination centres right from the morning. The candidates hailing from other places have arrived in the city on Saturday night itself and were camping at the Allahabad railway junction and other places. The Group D examination was held for the posts of assistant pointsman, gateman, porter, box porter, helper trackman, parcel porter office peons and peons.Meanwhile, rush of candidates was witnessed at the Allahabad railway junction after the end of the examination. The candidates thronged the different platforms of the Allahabad junction and boarded the trains. The regular passengers had to suffer on account of the rush of candidates.On account of the heavy rush of the candidates, one extra sleeper coach was augmented in train number 15159 Sarnath Express and train number 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express. In addition to this, Allahabad-Chunar passenger was extended upto Mughalsarai. This train halted at the stations of Kailahut, Ahraura Road, Jeonathpur for the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381884", "title": "MBA at UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School", "text": "James W Dean Jr , dean of University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler Business School, talks to Shashank Venkat about the institute's management programmes and inaugural global business consulting projects in India.The Indian student population in your full-time MBA programme has grown from 8 to 13%. What is driving this growth at UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School?Indian students are extremely competitive. Students who apply to us have the strongest preparation, especially in terms of math, among all the other students. This is the reason they do very well in the GMAT exam. Since the medium of instruction in our institute is English, Indian students have an edge over other international students. It also helps them during the interviews .What do Indian students bring to the table?Indian students are important to us because they bring in the perspective of a rapidly developing country. They also bring in experience from an extremely multi-cultural region. There is diversity from religious, ethnic and socio-economic standpoints. If you have to be successful in India, you have to learn to work effectively with different kinds of people.MBA students from UNC Kenan-Flagler are involved in the Global Business Project (GBP) consulting programme. Could you please elaborate?Under the GBP, students from UNC Kenan-Flagler are involved in 12-week long projects with three US MNCs and an India-based MNC. The programme gives students an opportunity to tackle business challenges in the real world and apply their classroom learning to offer solutions to these corporations. UNC has entered into a partnership with IIM Bangalore to expand this project in India. Our students provided recommendations for business challenges faced by GE Healthcare, Westinghouse Electric, PPG and DorfKetal. Even if these students are young and inexperienced, they have a very thorough and comprehensive education and focus on one issue intensely . People with a good consulting experience train these students. So, the combination of focus, basic skill and consulting framework enables these students to offer solutions, which are not only ingenious, but also practical. While this programme has focused on China and Brazil over the past five years, it is the first time that it has been applied in India.How do students and the companies involved assess the GBP programme?The students feel that it is a tremendous opportunity . Being part of a team with students from other countries, travelling to the other side of the world and offering solutions to real problems excites our students greatly. This programme is rated highly by the students . The results with the companies have also been very good. Many companies sign up for multiple projects. For example, we work with GE in India, but we are also involved in projects in Brazil and the US. GE has been enormously satisfied with our efforts and has continued to expand the scope of our work.Tell us more about MBA@UNC, your online MBA programme.In this online MBA programme, we have made sure that students get the same kind of learning that a full-time on-campus MBA offers. It is a very rigorous programme where the students are expected to put in about 30 hours per week. They are taught by the same faculty, learn the same curriculum and earn the same MBA degree as a regular student. Students can also meet their classmates, faculty and business leaders in three-day global immersions, which are conducted round the year in different cities of the world. Admission standards are identical to the full-time MBA course. The big advantage this programme offers is that students can apply the knowledge instantly in real-life work situations . It also offers cost benefits as students can pursue the programme in their home country along with their jobs.Are the companies opening up to the idea of an online MBA programme?We have 96 companies who have sent us students to enrol for this programme. These companies are accepting it as a legitimate way of getting an MBA degree. The course was only launched last year, but the companies have given a strong ratification by sponsoring the students for this programme . I believe that such programmes can change the executive education landscape in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379135", "title": "Wrong signals for city traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: The 'smart' traffic signals installed in Kolkata two years ago aren't so smart any more. The area traffic control (ATC) system malfunctions more often than it works these days, leaving motorists baffled and some roads perpetually choked.The police blame the implementing agency, Keltron, a Kerala state PSU, while Keltron blames the never-ending roadside 'developments' that wreak havoc on the cables. Unless the agencies involved get together and identify the source of the problem, the multi-crore system will continue to fail the city.Kolkata Police had inaugurated ATS with much fanfare in 2010 after conducting trials, which is why they are finding it difficult to explain the repeated glitches in the system.Keltron officials insist their system is not to blame. They say that the recurrent digging and raising of pavements all across the city damages the cables, throwing the traffic signal system haywire. Keltron points out that Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has been raising pavements and erecting trident street lamps, \"often causing irreparable damage to cables\". \"We have to change the cables almost every three months,\" said senior Keltron officer Pradip.The traffic police, however, blame the Kerala PSU. \"There are a lot of glitches in the system. So the project is far from over even though all 95 signal-crossings have been networked with the central processing unit. Keltron, the company entrusted with putting the system in place, has let us down,\" said a senior police officer, adding that the \"lack of technological changes\" prevents signals at several key intersections from working in sync. \"We are trying our best to streamline them,\" said joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar.The signal cycle on a particular stretch depends on the feed from either the 'ground sensor loop' (sensors embedded under the road surface or pavement) or the 'virtual loop' (camera images of traffic at a particular point). These feeds are analysed by the central processing unit at traffic headquarters, based on which the computer sets the best possible signal cycle.The ATC system required an overhaul of the entire cable network on a particular grid, which Keltron said got repeatedly damaged. Moreover, there is no uniformity as far as signals are concerned. Different companies have set up different signals. So dealing with each signal proved to be a new challenge, a Keltron official said.ATC has three modes - automatic, manual and cycle-optimization mode. Going on manual mode not only affects the signal of a particular crossing, but has a chain effect on the traffic flow of other crossings.Keltron officials said that the traffic police must graduate to automatic signal completely. Unless, there is an emergency, manual mode is redundant, they say. The more you change a signal manually, higher the chances of human errors. And if this continues, traffic snarls on such roads become inevitable, said an official.The glitches force traffic to halt at every signal, just as in the pre-ATC days. \"There is hardly any uninterrupted flow of traffic as we were promised. I keep getting stalled at every signal. I don't find an iota of change after this so-called 'generation change' in the signalling system,\" said Kallol Mukherjee, a director with a liquor manufacturing company.The Area Traffic Control project is part of a scheme that has several components other than the signal system - a GIS-based automatic vehicle tracking system, a distress-call response system and surveillance on public places. The entire project cost is Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14379638", "title": "Detained students lock school gate in protest", "text": "NADIA: A group of students of Ranaghat Duttapulia Union Academy for Girls locked the school's main gate on Saturday, demanding that they be promoted to class XII. About 140 Class-XI students have been detained. The secretary of the school rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.The detained students - who had failed to secure the pass marks -and their guardians had earlier approached the headmistress Sharbani Dutta Hota with pleas to promote the girls. Though she promised to look into the matter but two months have already passed. This made the girls angry and they locked the school gate around 11am.The Trinamool MLA of Ranaghat and secretary of the school immediately arranged for a school committee meeting. It was unanimously decided that an appeal would be made to the council.Amid the chaos, the headmistress alleged that she was chased by Poddar and the latter had also attempted to beat her up. Poddar, however, said, \"It was reported that the students had ransacked the school but the allegation against me is completely fake.\"Dutta said it is for the council to decide if students will be promoted to class XII as the results are sent to them. \"But the secretary had pressured me to allow them,\" she added. \"Dutta often does not consult the school committee on rather serious issues and decides for herself. There are some students who have 60% marks but have failed in just one subject. I have requested Dutta to consider these cases,\" said Poddar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381373", "title": "'Kerala's 2-wheeler market is booming'", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala is right now the market to be in for two-wheeler companies, according to Roy Kurian, national business head of India Yamaha Motor.\"Kerala's two-wheeler market is booming and we expect it to grow by 30% in calendar year 2012. Currently, we have 15 dealers and will add three new dealers this year. Our target is to drive up the number of dealers to more than 20 in 2013,\" he said while talking to reporters in Kochi on Saturday.\"Kerala is essentially a scooter market. Every month, 32,000 bikes and 22,000 scooters are sold by different manufacturers in Kerala. In Alappuzha, scooter sales match that of bikes. The popularity of scooters could be attributed to the highly literate and employed women in the state as well as the image of the scooter as a family vehicle,\" Kurian added.However, countrywide, bike owners are downgrading their bikes due to rising petrol prices, Kurian observed. \"In 2010 and 2011, people used to upgrade from 100 cc bikes to 150 cc bikes, but as petrol prices shot up, customers are buying more 100 cc bikes,\" he said.Yamaha sold 3.3 lakh bikes in 2011 and expects to sell 4-4.5 lakh bikes this year.\"Our target is to sell one million vehicles in 2014,\" Kurian said. The company is also increasing capacity. \"We have manufacturing plants in Faridabad and Surajpur with existing capacity of 6.5 lakh vehicles. This will be increased to one million bikes by 2014 towards which the company has invested Rs 750 crore.\"One more manufacturing facility is coming up in Chennai with an investment of Rs 1,500 crore which will be operational by January 2014.\" The availability of a vendor base and port connectivity were prime reasons for Yamaha to choose Chennai as a manufacturing centre.\"South India is a good market for Yamaha as 40% of our sales happen here,\" Kurian said. The company is also planning to develop India as a manufacturing hub to serve its African and Asean markets.\"Currently, we export to Philippines, Indonesia, Columbia, Bangladesh and Nepal . Last year, we exported 1.2 lakh bikes and expect to export 1.7 lakh in 2012,\" he added. Yamaha is also planning to develop an R&D; centre in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14381569", "title": "Imphal teachers threaten stir over denial of salaries", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking serious note of the government's failure to sanction school teachers' salaries, the Council of Teachers' Association (COTA) has threatened to launch an agitation if the salaries are not cleared at the earliest.By virtue of collecting Manipur Government Employees' List (MGEL) and Computerized Personnel Information System (CPIS) data, an exercise taken up by the state to prevent fake appointments in the government departments, the salaries have been denied, alleged the association. While old teachers have not received their pay for four months, newly-recruited primary teachers are yet to get their salaries for seven months.Owing to the deprivation of salary, some teachers posted in far-flung areas are not being able to attend to their duties regularly because of severe financial constraints, said Shantakumar Singh, co-convener of COTA. He said the prolonged blocking of salary is tantamount to undermining their 'Right to Life' enshrined in the Constitution. Pointing out that working without salary equates to 'forced labour' he said the MGEL and CPIS exercises do not imply that monthly salaries of the employees should be held up.Santakumar said the council members are prepared to launch a mass movement, court arrest and hold a mass rally in pursuit of their demand. tnnOn the other hand, a group of teachers who were appointed under the Sarva Shikhsha Abhiyan (SSA) in February this year have demanded that the government issue their appointment orders.The Manipur education department had on February 28 declared the names of 1,947 primary teachers and 574 upper primary teachers under the SSA.More than three months after the lists were announced, subsequent appointment orders are yet to be issued to the selected teachers, lamented a leader of the self-explanatory SSA Selected Teachers' Association.On Saturday, members of the association, besides staging a protest rally in the state capital, also submitted a memorandum to chief minister Okarm Ibobi Singh pressing their demands.Placards reading 'We want appointment order', 'Save SSA', and 'Give appointment order to the selected SSA teachers' were displayed by the teachers during the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14380494", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav\u2019s pet projects to be redeveloped now", "text": "NOIDA: In the past 100 days, while fears of work on projects initiated by Mayawati have subsided, the Samajwadi Party government in the state has now decided to focus on those projects started by Mulayam Singh Yadav that were junked by the erstwhile regime.Work has begun on a number of parks that had been initiated by Mulayam during his reign as chief minister. The Greater Noida Authority is all set to revive the ambitious 102-hectare Night Safari Park based on the Singapore night zoo, near Gautam Buddh Nagar University. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav gave an in-principle approval to the project proposed in 2005 in a meeting on Monday. The project could not take off at the time since it was yet to get a clearance from the Supreme Court which banned setting up of new zoos taking into account the deplorable conditions of existing ones. By the time the court's clearance came in 2009, the Authority had said that it was unable to finance the project and the safari park was deemed unfeasible.Almost five years after its inception and launch two years ago, the Noida Authority has kick-started the process of reviving the D-Park in Sector 62 and promised to complete it within the next fortnight. Till now, the unique green haven, which houses a 1,500 sqm artificial lake, had continued to remain non-functional and was slowly falling to neglect and decay. Estimated to have cost Rs 7.5 crore, the D-Park was launched with much fanfare and was to boast many firsts, but today it lacks basic maintenance and cleanliness. Proclaimed to be a unique place for leisure, where one could gather, relax, play, and experience a bit of nature, besides enjoy the artificially-created lake for paddle boating, the park sprawling across 19 acres currently just houses a large grassy expanse. \"The initial plan was to make boating available to visitors with four paddle boats. But since no consensus on fees to be charged to visitors was reached, this facility is yet to be opened to the public,\" said B Prabhakar, director (horticulture).In 2004, the Noida Authority had created a children's park in Noida which was touted to be a park exclusively for the youngsters. However, today the park lies in complete disrepair. The place had been designed to cater to children with specially constructed low height washrooms and a refreshment corner near Film City in Noida. Sources in the Noida Authority indicate that the project might be redeveloped in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jhargaon-icha (gumla)", "code": "14378869", "title": "Gumla DC bids farewell", "text": "Jhargaon-Icha (Gumla): Deputy commissioner (DC) Rahul Sharma became emotional while interacting with villagers during his last official visit to Jhargaon on Sunday. His dream project of integrated rural developed that first initiated at this tribal-dominated village.His model village project has widely been appreciated even at the national forum. Perhaps for the first time the district administration executed the new approach of village development involving villagers and all government departments and banks.The DC has been transferred as the administrator of Subarnarekha Multiprupose Project.Sharma established a skill development institution by engaging IIT alumni from Mumbai and set up first Gurukul of the eastern India in Gumla and modern sewing centre for poor dropouts boys and girls here. A hospital was opened in Naxalite-hit Kondra region in the district, while 10 residential schools of ST boys and girl students were renovated and lit with solar lights. Several bridges were constructed in Dumri - Chainpur areas.Tribal women of Jhargaon welcomed him and shared their experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14383394", "title": "Obama congratulates Mohamed Morsi", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama called Mohamed Morsi and congratulated him for winning the Egypt's presidential elections and reaffirmed America's continued support to his country, the White House said.Congratulating him on his victory in Egypt's presidential election, Obama underscored that the US will continue to support Egypt's transition to democracy and stand by the Egyptian people as they fulfill the promise of their revolution.\"He emphasized his interest in working together with President-elect Morsi, on the basis of mutual respect, to advance the many shared interests between Egypt and the US,\" the White House said in a statement.According to the White House, the Egyptian President-elect Morsi expressed appreciation for the call and welcomed US support for Egypt's transition.\"The two leaders affirmed their commitment to advancing the US-Egypt partnership and agreed to stay in close touch in the weeks and months ahead,\" the statement said.Obama also called General Ahmed Shafiq to commend him on a well-run campaign and encouraged him to continue to play a role in Egyptian politics by supporting the democratic process and working to unify the Egyptian people, White House said.\"The President emphasized his interest in working together with the new Egyptian President and all Egyptian political groups to advance the shared interests between the United States and Egypt,\" said the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379910", "title": "Human Resource and Development team in Bhopal to explore Right to Education in pre-schools", "text": "BHOPAL: A team from the National University of Educational Planning and Administration (NUEPA), ministry of Human Resource and Development (HRD) has arrived in Bhopal on Sunday to explore the possibility of extending the Right to Education Act (RTE) and its implementation in pre-school classes.The 10-member team from the NUEPA is a part of draft committee on extension of the RTE Act to pre-school education (nursery and kindergarten). State school education minister Archana Chitnis is the chairperson of the committee, according to department sources.Sources said the team would have a discussion on the topic on Monday at Hotel Lake View Ashok. On Tuesday, the team would visit 10 schools in the district including Rajiv Gandhi School and Deepshikha Higher Secondary School.Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) Commissioner Rashmi Arun Shami and additional director RSK O P Sharma would be among the officers, who would take part in the discussions besides the education minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14381482", "title": "76 prisoners shifted from Kannur Central Prison", "text": "KANNUR: Over 76 prisoners, including 34 accused in the Marad case, were shifted from Kannur Central Prison to the central prisons in Viyyur and Poojappura on Sunday. According to prison officials, 42 prisoners, including two goons serving imprisonment under Goondas Act, were shifted to Viyyur, while 34 accused in Marad case were shifted to Poojappura. Also five prisoners were shifted to the open prison in Cheemeni, Kasaragod.According to the prison authorities, the convicts were shifted by Sunday noon and handed over to the police as per an order issued by ADGP (prison) on June 17 following a high-level meeting convened by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan who visited Kannur Central Prison last month. As per the order, those who get additional punishment in murder case or more life term even as they are serving one were shifted from Kannur prison. Also, if there were multiple victims in a murder case, the accused would be shifted. Using this clause 34 of the 68 accused in Marad case were shifted to Poojappura. Some of them have already been shifted to Cheemeni, as they were eligible to be shifted to an open jail. A few prisoners are on parole and they will be shifted to Poojappura once they return.The 40 prisoners mainly include pro-CPM prisoners, including Andhyeri Sura, who involvement is suspected in the T P Chandrasekharan case, as also a few pro-BJP prisoners including Kaka Shaji. According to prison officials, a few more prisoners would be shifted in the coming days once a final list is prepared. Also, 10 prisoners - who are habitual offenders - were brought to the Kannur Central Prison from other jails and more transfers are expected in the coming week.Officials said that the shift happened because there were reports that CPM leaders were frequently visiting their party men here. Also reports that some prisoners were involved in Chandrasekharan murder conspiracy is another reason that forced the government to take this decision.Earlier this month the government had removed CPM district secretary P Jayarajan, former district secretary P Sasi and Janata Dal leader Thomas Nellikunnel from the advisory committee of Kannur Central Jail.The panel was constituted during the time of the previous LDF government. Last week, authorities removed 253 portraits, including that of many political leaders from different blocks of the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14383799", "title": "Roshans, Rampals to bond in Bali", "text": "Starting Tuesday, Hrithik, Arjun and their families will be on a 15-day holidayThe Rampals may be out of favour with a certain Khan. But by the looks of it, they still have enough friends in the industry. At least those they can vacation with. A source from a travel agency revealed that Arjun along with wife Mehr and daughters Mahikaa and Myra will leave for a 15-day trip to Bali on Tuesday. Joining them at the beautiful beach destination will be close friends - the Roshans.Sources close to the actors revealed that Sussanne had in fact planned the trip. \"Hrithik had been very busy with his Krrish 3 schedule. He wanted to take a break with his sons Hrehaan and Hridaan. Sussanne decided to include the Rampals as well since their children go to the same school and are close friends,\" said the source.Arjun too had been busy shooting for Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh in Bhopal . He had taken a few days off to attend an event during the Cannes film festival. \"Both the Roshans and the Rampals are looking forward to this vacation. They want to just relax and spend some time with their families. The last few months have only been about work for both the actors,\" added the source.Surely, this is turning out to be Bollywood's favourite holiday season. While the Bachchans are busy bonding with their Beti B in London , the Roshans and the Rampals are the latest addition to the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14379467", "title": "'Infant death rate at SAT Hospital below national average'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Amidst widespread reports that infant deaths at the SAT Hospital are increasing due to hospital-acquired infection, the health department made it clear that the figure here is much less compared to the national average.In the detailed statistical report on infant deaths submitted before the assembly, the health minister pointed out that the national average in this case according to the National Family Health Survey is 3.9%. And the infant death rate at SAT hospital from April 2011 to April 2012 was 2.9% out of 10,480 deliveries.SAT hospital witnesses many high-risk deliveries every year. Last year only 14 deaths were reported due to hospital-acquired infection while 63 deaths were reported in the state during this period. Around 2,667 infants were admitted to the in-born nursery (IBN) due to various complications. Around 1,681 cases referred to SAT by other hospitals were admitted to the out-born nursery (OBN).Out of this, 217 kids admitted to IBN and 168 kids from OBN died to due to various complications. Hospital-acquired infection was identified in 88 cases in IBN and 104 in the OBN and this complication claimed five lives in IBN while the figure was nine for OBN.The minister said hospital-acquired infections originated from referral cases. The infants referred to the hospital had several complications and different types of infections. The infection spread from these kids and hence necessary steps are being taken to prevent this, the minister said.He added that steps were taken to ascertain whether such infections originated from the hospital. For this several swab samples from different rooms of the hospital were taken for testing. These samples have been sent for testing to a leading institute outside the state. Preliminary investigations indicated that there was no chance of triggering the infection from within the hospital.The 50-year old hospital is struggling for space as delivery cases and patients are increasing everyday. The minister said that he has asked the principal secretary (finance) to sanction Rs 1 crore as an immediate assistance from the asset maintenance fund for constructing more wards and operation theatres.Hospital acquired infectionTotal infant deaths in state: 63Thrissur: 18Kozhikode: 17Thiruvananthapuram: 14Palakkad: 9Kottayam: 3Idukki: 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381422", "title": "It's time to carve out a career in tourism sector", "text": "KOCHI: Two lakh job opportunities await people in Kerala in the tourism and hospitality industry, according to Dr Rajashree Ajith, director of the Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies (KITTS).She was speaking at the inaugural function of the two-day education expo organized by the department of tourism and KITTS at Ernakulam Town Hall on Sunday.\"According to reports of UNWTO, there will be 535 million job opportunities in South-East Asia, including India, by 2030. The benefits will definitely trickle down to Kerala and we need industry-ready, employable youth for this sector,\" said Rajashree stressing on the need for professional education in the field.\"KITTS will launch diploma courses for different fields such as air cargo, logistics, retail management and spa therapies by July. Due importance will be given to language skill development in German, French and Arabic. The institute claims 100% placement records.KITTS in partnership with a Bangalore-based interface organization iNurture will be conducting courses in Thiruvanathapuram, Kochi and Thalassery,\" Rajashree said.Public and private institutes in the tourism and hospitality sector are present at the expo, offering advice to those interested. The education fair was inaugurated by Hibi Eden MLA along with Riyaz Ahmed, managing director of Abad group.\"There are more than 43 lakh people in Kerala who had registered with various employment exchanges in the state. It is sad that they are trying for the 20,000-odd government job postings. Instead of waiting for it, these qualified people should look at the opportunities in this dynamic field,\" said Hibi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14379387", "title": "Mapusa Municipal Council set to renovate two old buildings", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa Municipal Council ( MMC) will get the technical sanction within 15 days to renovate two buildings which are the municipality's property and are lying idle, council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said. This will be accomplished by utilizing the golden jubilee packageThe Council has resolved to use its one-time grant of 2 crore to renovate the building formerly used by St Mary's school, and use it for administrative purposes. During a recent council meeting, the council has also decided to use 50 lakhs from the grant for the renovation of the old mamlatdar building situated near the municipality, to then use it for the commercial purpose.The structure which was earlier rented to St Mary's High School in Mapusa now stands abandoned and is not maintained .As per the Golden Jubilee package, A, B and C class municipalities were given 3 crore, 2 crore and 1 crore respectively in October by the government. These funds are to be utilized for creating signature infrastructure and development projects.\"Though the package was to develop infrastructure, both buildings which are the municipality's property are of great architectural beauty and the municipality has decided to renovate both,\" Kandolkar said.\"We have applied for the technical sanction for both projects and hopefully we will get it done within the next 15 days. After that, the further process will be initiated soon,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381398", "title": "VS loyalists cornered in Ernakulam district", "text": "KOCHI: The expulsion of Gopi Kottamurickal is viewed as a huge sacrifice by the state leadership, controlled largely by Pinarayi Vijayan.While the official faction lost its captain in the district, it could ensure that all the prominent leaders belonging to the VS camp were cornered.The suspension of VS group leaders like K A Chackochan and degrading of PS Mohanan, both district secretariat members, is expected to bring the control of the party in the district to the official faction.According to party sources, the main agenda of the district committee meeting on Wednesday is to reconstitute the district secretariat. As the district secretariat will control the entire party machinery here, the official faction is keen to attain supremacy.If state secretariat member M V Govindan, who took over the charge of district secretary from Kottamurickal - after the latter had to quit the post almost a year ago, is reluctant to continue, then a new district secretary maybe elected at the meeting.As Kottamurickal had levelled severe allegations against S Sarma and K Chandran Pillai, VS camp will be on the backfoot. State committee members C M Dinesh Mani and C N Mohanan would be the probable candidates of the Pinarayi group for the district secretary's post. They are confident of that either Mani or Mohanan can be the new district secretary.It was after demise of the then district secretary A P Varkey, Kottamurickal was elected to the post. All belonging to the VS faction had contributed a lot to keep Ernakulam as a VS stronghold.During the organisational polls in 2007, giving a big shock to VS, Gopi joined Pinarayi faction. After the state assembly elections, Dinesh Mani also joined his rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379691", "title": "Lucknow regional passport office stops receiving applications", "text": "LUCKNOW: The regional passport office will not allow submission of passport applications at any of its counters from Monday. The office in March had opened passport facilitation centres at Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Gorakhpur, where people can submit passport applications online. All passports of general category were being submitted at PSKs after online registration of the applicants. However, applications for Tatkal and other category of passports were being submitted at the regional passport office.Now, all passport applications will be submitted at PSKs with an application reference number and appointment. The regional passport office, however, will have only one counter to issue diplomatic/official passports or passports to VIPs, along with the cases where passport office has made some mistake and it has to be rectified free of cost by the office.All passport seekers should necessarily have application reference number (ARN). Applicants will not be able to submit applications without ARN even at a passport counter. Applicants can log on to online portal (www.passportindia.gov.in).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14380631", "title": "Polluted pond water kills livestock in Jaisalmer", "text": "Jaisalmer: Altogether 85 sheep and goats died on Sunday after drinking water from a tanka (small pond) at a hamlet near Sultana village in Jaisalmer district. Villagers said the pond water may have become poisonous as some animal fell into it and died. District administration and animal husbandry department reached the spot and are investigating the matter.SDM Jaisalmer Ramesh Chandra Jayanth said sheep and goats of the villagers were drinking water from the tanka and after which the health of the animals started deteriorating.The villagers then sought help from the district administration. On hearing the news, the administration dispatched animal husbandry teams to the area. Jayanth said 85 sheep and goats died on the spot after drinking the water, and a few are undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381440", "title": "School buses now offer GPS alerts", "text": "KOCHI: Schools in Kochi are finally implementing vehicle tracking systems in their buses to give updates to those parents who are worried about their wards' safe journey to school and home.One of them is TocH School based in Vytilla.Already six schools in Thiruvananthapuram and many in Kozhikode, Thrissur and Kottayam districts have installed GPS system in their fleet of buses.The system will alert parents as well as school authorities about the route the school bus is taking, its speed, any deviation from the normal route, etc. It will also give drop alerts.\"Parents will get an SMS alert when the school bus is two stops away from the scheduled stop,\" says Pradeep Kumar of Ideas &amp; Innovation Squared Technologies (P) Ltd, which is installing the system in school buses.Even when the bus travels through areas where there is no cell phone coverage, the GPS system sends out alerts which the parents consider as a big relief.For getting SMS alerts, parents have to shell out only Rs 25-40 more per month to the bus fee.Prem Varghese, executive member of TocH School, says the system has been adopted after a successful trial run. Varghese says, \"We have installed the GPS tracking system in all our school buses. We did a trial run when our students went for a two-day picnic to Ooty. Right from the time the bus left the school premises, parents were receiving SMS alerts from specific points till the bus reached Ooty. Parents were able to keep track of their children even while they were in Ooty. And they were able to reach the school to pick up their wards the moment the bus returned. On those two days, there were no anxious calls from parents.\"TocH School has a fleet of 20 buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380447", "title": "PWD to revamp Delhi roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: PWD is all set to give a facelift to the roads in the capital. It has submitted a list of 21 proposals to the government's expenditure finance committee (EFC) headed by chief minister Sheila Dikshit for clearance of funds worth Rs 300 crores.The proposals submitted by the public works department includes projects like revamping of Mehrauli - Mahipalpur Road at an estimated cost of Rs 58.23 crores, four different projects related to the strengthening of Najafgarh and Dhansa Road amounting up to Rs 80 crores.Other projects proposals submitted by the PWD include strengthening of Raja Garden to Zakhira Road at an estimated cost of Rs 31.71 crores, Rama Road from Zakhira Crossing to Patel Road at a cost of 25.74 crores, Patparganj Road in east Delhi at a cost of Rs 12.31 crore and various other projects for several roads across the city.Besides road revamp, the department has also sent a proposal for extension of the project period for rehabilitation of degraded forest land in Asola Bhatti Wildlife Sanctuary and Dera Mandi areas at a cost of Rs 44.82 crores.PWD also has sought a fund of Rs 47.63 crores for construction of halfway and long stay homes.\"We are focused on giving a complete facelift to all Delhi roads within a year's time. If cleared we will start the tendering work on all the roads soon after monsoon\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.As per sources, in view of upcoming assembly elections, the projects are high on the EFC's agenda list and are likely to get a go ahead. The committee is scheduled to meet next on June 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14382847", "title": "Fire in Dastgeer Sahib shrine in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: A massive fire has broken out at Dastgeer Sahib shrine in Srinagar, according to Times Now.Several fire tenders have been rushed to the shrine to douse the flames.There are no reports of any casualty so far in the fire.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14386612", "title": "Tea Board gets new vice chairman from small tea growers' association", "text": "KOLKATA: Tea Board has selected Dinesh Kumar Sharma who is the president of Assam Small Tea Growers' Association as the vice chairman of the board for a year's tenure. To underline the increasing importance of the small tea growers this is the first time any member from small tea growers became the vice chairman.There are 31 members in the Tea Board including the chairman, who is an IAS officer . The 30 other members are selected from various streams of the industry. The full term of the board is three years. In these three years, one vice chairman is selected from north India and south India is alternative way. The tenure of vice chairman is one year.Sharma is replacing Natraj who was the president of United Planters' Association of Southern India (Upasi). This decision was taken at the board meeting of Tea Board at Cochin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14381959", "title": "Open Mumbai exhibition: Acres of grey and patches of green", "text": "MUMBAI: Several parts of Mumbai are in need of more breathing and walking spaces. Many Mumbaikars don't even see a green patch in their neighbourhoods. The Open Mumbai exhibition has traced 500 encroached gardens, parks, recreation grounds (RGs) and playgrounds (PGs) across the city, a majority of which are in the Dongri and Crawford Market areas of the island city, and Malad, Dahisar and Kurla areas of the suburbs.WARD B | Reserved spaces 38, encroached 22From Mohammed Ali Road to J J Hospital stretches one of the oldest parts of the city. While 60% of the ward comprises the port and railways, the other 40% is a mixed bag of commercial and residential areas. The ward has space for just 38 open spaces, but a whopping 22 of them (or 57%) were found encroached. The situation is compounded because of the high population density in the ward. The ward is in for a major makeover due to cluster redevelopment and it is hoped that this will create open spaces.C | Reserved spaces 50, encroached 22Like Ward B, there are only a few reserved open spaces\u201450 in all\u2014in C. Bhuleshwar and surrounding areas have the highest population density in the city, making it imperative that residents here have a healthy supply of parks and grounds. However, 22 of the reserved plots have been encroached.E | Reserved spaces 72, encroached 26Ward E has the famed Jijamata Udyan in Byculla. The botanical garden-cum-zoo spreads over 53 acres and is the city's largest civic public space. There's also the St Baptista garden in Mazgaon . However, 36% of the open spaces in this 7.3-sq-km ward have been encroached upon.P-NORTH | Reserved spaces 137, encroached 48The ward that stretches along Malad-Malwani and extends to the Western Express Highway in the east has one of Mumbai's higher populations . The 47-sq-km spread also has 137 open spaces. Sadly, Open Mumbai found that 48 of them (or a whopping 35%) had been encroached . Nearly 80% of the ward comprises slums and many of the reserved open spaces are yet to be developed.R-NORTH | Reserved spaces 129, encroached 42The Dahisar area has a third of its open spaces encroached. In many areas, residents say open are almost non-existent . \"At Kanderpada, an open space plot was given for slum rehab and the BMC got nothing. A small open patch is now encroached. A plot reserved for an RG/PG is being used as a marriage and party hall. The BMC is yet to acquire this plot,\" says local activist Harish Pande. \"A garden developed in 2010 is yet to be inaugurated. The reason given is that, to prevent encroachers, it is under lock and key.\"L | Reserved spaces 94, encroached 39The residents of Kurla, always considered one of the filthiest wards, need some relief. They won't get it through open spaces, since 41% of the reserved ones are encroached. The remaining ones are poorly maintained. Around 80% of the population lives in slums, and when the airport rehabilitation takes place, more people will be moving into this ward, which would require an increase in open spaces.M-EAST | Reserved spaces 24, encroached 2By the looks of it, M-East should not be in this list. After all, it has just two encroached spaces. However , with a total of just 24 reserved spaces, facilities here are far from satisfactory. The wide expanse of Mandala Hill offers a green lung, but play space is also important and there's little here. MEast has a 110-hectare dumping ground and the city's poorest slum in Govandi. \"Nearly 90% of the ward comprises slums and the remainder are government offices. There is really no open space worth talking about,\" says Raj Kumar Sharma, local Agni activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14382144", "title": "Forgotten architect of the Vidhana Soudha domes", "text": "MYSORE: Many a sculptor, artist and musician has flourished under the royal patronage of the Mysore kings. But sadly, governments haven't been as encouraging. At the recent function organized to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Vidhana Soudha , there was neither any mention nor acknowledgement of the people who built and designed this monumental structure.The domes of the Vidhan Soudha were designed by none other than a Mysore sculptor, Sri Siddalinga Swami, sculptor to the royal family and his son Nagendra Stapathi .In a book published by the Karnataka Shilpa Kala Academy, the domes and other external structures like pillars and arches were designed and chiselled by Stapathi and his disciples along with other sculptors from south India. The book reveals that initially the dome was designed by Siddalinga Swamy. But following his death, his son Nagendra Stapathi took over. After Stapathi finalized the dome design, then CM Kengal Hanumantaiah insisted that the dome be done in the Dravidian style instead of the Chola he had adopted. However, Stapathi managed to convince the CM and the dome was built using the Chola and Deccani (Dkahni) style.\"The present domes are much smaller than what was designed by Stapathi,\" reveals L Shivalingappa, former chairman of Karnataka Shilpa Kala Academy and a disciple of Nagendra Stapathi . He suspects that financial constraints prompted the then government to reduce the size of the domes.\"We have heard and read about my father designing Vidhana Soudha domes. But the design papers are missing,\" N Shivananda, Stapathi's son, told The Times of India. But does have any regret that his father did not get his due? \"None,\" he says matter of factly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380363", "title": "Clinics, labs closed today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Try and not fall ill or go for medical tests, if possible, on Monday! Around 900 clinics including allopathic, homoeopathy, ayurvedic, dental and all diagnostic labs will be shut down on Monday in the city, in response to a call given on the all India level to oppose provisions contained in the Clinical Establishment Act. The only option left for patients will be government hospitals and dispensaries, where already long queues leave little scope of one getting to see a doctor. Such a massive call for strike has been given for the first time in the city which is expected to paralyse medical services in a big way.However emergency services will be available. The strike is jointly called by Indian Medical Association, (IMA), Chandigarh, Indian Dental Association (IDA), NIMA (National Integrated Medical Association) and AYUSH. The strike however will inconvenience many people. For Aneesh Malhotra, who is a software engineer going to a private practitioner is preferable to any sarkari hospital. \"I feel comfortable to discuss my health issues in a nearby clinic. It saves me time, besides going to hospitals for minor ailments like viral or stomach infection is not practical,\" he said.\"I had planned to go to a dentist as my daughter is away on a vacation. Now I will get the date after a week and by the time her school will reopen,\" said Payal Arora, a resident of Sector 21.The act makes it mandatory for clinics to treat all emergency cases until they are stable before referring them to some other institutes. This means that even an orthopaedic will have to attend to a patient suffering from a heart attack.Doctors question flaws in clinical actAround 900 clinics including allopathic, homoeopathy, ayurvedic, dental and all diagnostic labs will be shut down on Monday in the city, in response to a call given on the all India level to oppose provisions contained in the Clinical Establishment Act.Questioning some of the flaws in the act, Dr R S Bedi, president of the IMA, UT pointed out, \"In keeping with the bylaws of the city, we cannot have drug outlets in the clinics. According to the act the patient in an emergency situation has to be stabilized. However in the absence of medicines how can a doctor handle an emergency?\"In addition to voicing their opposition against the Clinical Establishment Act, the medical fraternity will also counter a new bill which the Government of India is planning -- National Commission of Human Resources for Health Bill-- in place of MCI. \"IMA opposes this bill as it brings nominated as also people from non-medical background to administer medical institutes,\" said the IMA president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384923", "title": "I'm choosy: Gauthami Nair", "text": "Second Show fame Gauthami Nair has become choosy off late. The young actor, who had her second hit with Lal Jose's Diamond Necklace, is not in a hurry to sign up films.\"A lot of offers are coming from Kollywood too. But I'm a bit extra careful when it comes to Tamil. If my debut is not good, then my future offers won't be good,\" shares the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380892", "title": "Police building loses 1 floor to heritage", "text": "CHENNAI: Builders have truncated the height of the unified office complex of the CB-CID building, which is still under construction. The state archaeology department had objected to the height of the new building as it was blocking the view of the 170-year-old commissionerate, a heritage structure.The commissionerate, which houses the city police commissioner's office in Egmore, was renovated for Rs 25 lakh. The building has housed the commissioner's office ever since a police force was created in 1856 and J C Boulderson became the first commissioner. The city police commissioner is yet to shift to the new commissionerate, which is being constructed opposite the second terminal of Egmore railway station. Construction started in 2008, but work is still underway.The new CB-CID building initially had a built up area of 70,000 sq.ft. After objection by the archaeology department, officials decided to construct only four floors instead of five floors reducing the built up area to 50,000 sq.ft. The new building will have facilities like cyber laboratory, gymnasiums, library and huge conference halls.The construction work began in July 2010. The work has been assigned to a private contractor and is being monitored by Tamil Nadu Police Housing Corporation (TNPHC) officials. \"We have asked the TNPHC to complete the work and hand over the building by the middle of August this year,\" says additional director general of police (ADGP - CB-CID) Narinderpal Singh said.The CB-CID metro office, which is functioning near St Thomas Mount, and the main office at SIDCO complex inside Guindy Industrial Estate, will move to the new building. Police sources said the special investigation unit (SIT), with office near Alandur, and the offices of the government railway police senior officials will also be shifted to the new building.Sources said the ground floor will have metro team offices, an audio-video room and special interrogation room. First floor and second floor will contain offices of senior police officers, cyber laboratory, conference hall, mini conference room, gymasium and a huge library. The third floor will be shared by SIT and railway police officers.\"The plastering work is underway and interior work will begin soon. We check with TNPHC officials once a week about the work,\" a CB-CID police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14379048", "title": "India win two gold in Asian junior squash", "text": "CHENNAI: There was double joy for India in the 19th Asian Junior Squash Championship in Iran. Anaka Alankamony and Kush Kumar won the Asian crowns in the girls U-19 and boys' U-17 respectively on Saturday.This was Anaka's second title making her the first Indian player to win it back-to-back. Kush won his first Asian crown. The third Indian in the final Dev Vazirani manage a silver in the boys' U-13 category.The Indian contingent finished with two gold (Anaka, Kush), one silver (Vazarani) and six bronze (Ashita Bhengra, Nikita Joshi, Harshit Jawanda, Robin Mann, Vijay Meena Kumar and Mahesh Mangaonkar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14383751", "title": "No more action scenes for Salman Khan", "text": "The actor has been told to stay off even the mildest action scenes, putting a question mark on his upcoming films that are about his signature stuntsSalman Khan's super-heroic stunts will have to be put on hold. His neurological condition has aggravated and even simple action scenes can cause serious damage to the actor's health. \"Even a slight misjudged punch on the face could trigger off his condition and cause acute pain,\" informed a close friend of the actor. The friend revealed that a collective decision has been taken by the family members and the filmmakers of Salman's upcoming ventures to keep him \"out of danger as much as possible\".Putting the precautionary measures to action has now become an issue for Salman's next few films - Arbaaz Khan's Dabangg 2 , Sohail's Sher Khan and Shirish Kunder's Kick, which are stunt driven. The makers, who are more concerned about their lead actor than the action scenes in their films, have already started hunting for solutions.We have learnt that Sohail Khan and Sajid Nadiadwala, producers of Sher Khan and Kick respectively, have already hired the best stunt directors and body doubles from Los Angeles and Hong Kong. Salman however, is not willing to let go completely. According to a source, the actor insists on being present while the body doubles do the complicated action scenes.In fact, after the accident that occurred on the sets of Dabangg 2 wherein a stuntman got injured, Salman has been adamant on doing the action scenes himself hereafter. \"Arbaaz is trying hard to convince him to stay away from the sets when the action sequences are performed,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385206", "title": "Aung San Suu Kyi inspired by Pt Ravi Shankar", "text": "The Burmese Democracy icon says the music made her feel that she would never be alone in my struggleIt was a historic moment when Burmese Democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi spoke at the Westminister Hall recently. Her speech, laced with humour while describing the struggle of her country, was very inspiring to say the least.She began her speech with a reference to a best known photograph of her father, Aung San, taken shortly before his assassination in 1947. The photograph was of him standing in Downing Street where he was pictured wearing a large British military  -  issue greatcoat that Jawaharlal Nehru had given to him during en route to the US to protect him against the unaccustomed cold. Having not left her tropical country for 24 years, she admitted that there had been some odd moments when she had thought of that coat herself!While this comment did seem like a humorous observation, what has really touched many has been her reference to how she spent her days in house arrest in Burma. In her speech, she said: \"During the years of my house arrest, it was not just the BBC and otherbroadcasting stations that kept me in touch with the world outside. It was the music of Mozart and Ravi Shankar and the biographies of men and women of different races and religions that convinced me that I would never be alone in my struggle.\"The fact that the sitar strains of Pt Ravi Shankar inspired her has touched the Shankars and those close to them. Anoushka Shankar's godmother forwarded a link of the speech to Raviji's wife, Sukanya Shankar, saying: \"For a woman who has endured for so long to tell the world, in our Parliament, of the importance of his work in her life is, surely, one of the most significant blessings and honours to be bestowed on him. I hope, he realises how very, very, special he is.\"Sukanya, on her part, is moved. \"I was so moved and wanted to remind myself of how lucky indeed I am to be married and be living with this great soul. I cannot thank God enough for having granted me the gift of serving and taking care of him,\" she said in an e-mail to her friends sharing the link.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384606", "title": "'Dabangg 2' shooting resumes today", "text": "The shooting for Dabangg 2 resumes on Monday.The film's producer-director Arbaaz Khan says the injured are fine. \"They suffered blunt injuries. It will take them a few days to heal. They will soon be discharged from hospital. We packed up shooting after the injury. But we resume from Monday.\"Says Arbaaz, \" Salman wasn't shooting . But he was on the set. He had come to see the shot. A mishap occurred when an action sequence was being shot without the actors. The stunt went a bit awry and three people got injured.They were immediately rushed to hospital.\"Said Arbaaz, \"Accidents do happen in spite of all the precautions taken. Thankfully the injury was all blunt and everyone is okay. But such an incident is very disturbing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14380921", "title": "Muster roll scam detected in MGNREGA &amp; Sampoorna Grameen Rojgar Yojana schemes", "text": "PATNA: For long, irregularities committed in the implementation of schemes under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ( MGNREGA) and Sampoorna Grameen Rojgar Yojana (SGRY) through manipulation of muster rolls of labourers engaged was in public domain by way of whispers in quarters concerned. Now it has come out in the official domain in black and white.As it is, examiners of local accounts (ELAs) at the office of principal accountant general (PAG) here, who conducted test-checks in Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) concerned, have not minced words in their report. \"The audit examined muster rolls of some schemes and found various instances of engagement of worker more than once in the same period in more than one scheme,\" said the report.\"In these muster rolls, name, father's name, registration number and period of engagement in one or more schemes were same, which is not possible. Clearly, these muster rolls were fake,\" added the report of the ELAs that deputy accountant general (DAG) Atul Prakash submitted to the state government recently.The test checks were conducted for the MNREGA and SGRY schemes taken up for implementation during the period 2009-10, ended March 31. \"In spite of checks conducted by the different authorities before payment, such cases of fake muster rolls have happened. It indicates either involvement of checking authorities or negligence on their part,\" the report noted.Curiously, during his interaction with Union rural development department (RDD) minister Jairam Ramesh around the same time here last year, CM Nitish Kumar had pointed to the widespread growth of \"Scorpio culture\" in the state as a result of the transfer of funds directly to the PRIs. Ramesh, on for his part, stressed on the creation of an effective monitoring mechanism to stem the rot, and also insisted that the practice of direct transfer of the funds meant for the implementation of various schemes to the PRI bodies would not be altered for the heck of strengthening these bodies.DAG Prakash said, \"The need of the hour is to strengthen internal control mechanism.\" The ELAs conducted test-checks in Patna, Muzaffarpur, Katihar, Banka, Samastipur and Darbhanga districts, but the trend of irregularities through muster rolls, as Prakash added, was symptomatic of irregularities in these schemes in the entire state which needed to be addressed urgently.Incidentally, the report of the ELAs has also pointed to the disdain of PRI bodies towards the audit reports. \"The executive officers of the PRIs are required to comply with the observations contained in the audit report (AR). They are required to remedy the irregularities pointed out in AR and send compliance report through proper channel to the ELAs within three months from the date of the receipt of the ARs. The Executive Officers do not take effective steps for settlement of outstanding paras (that refer to irregularities, anomalies and lapses) despite issue of several reminders, (as a result of which) the irregularities pointed out in ARs continue to occur,\" said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14380265", "title": "Power duty hike has industrialists in a bind", "text": "LUDHIANA: The industry in the city has not been privileged to utilize uninterrupted power supply but it might have to bear a 4% increase in duty on power supply. And this is not going down well with city industrialists as they voice there opinions against this consideration.The industry is apprehensive that such hike by Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) would deteriorate the condition of the already ailing industry.General secretary of Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings (CICU) Avtar Singh says, \"While PSPCL hasn't been able to provide uninterrupted power supply to the industry over 8 years, the government is considering a hike in electricity duty from 13% to 17%. Not to mention the 12.5% entry tax on diesel generating sets and 5% electricity duty from captive consumption from any source.\"He adds that PSPCL is making it tough for the industry in the state to survive with enormous taxes, far from competing with national and international industry.Singh says the policies framed by the PSPCL are anti-industry as power is being supplied at exorbitant rate when compared to other northern states. \"You can't hope any new industry to set base in the state when the taxes and duties are imposed every now and then,\" he adds.'Duty hike adding burden on industry'Industrialists in the city are up in arms against Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) decision to impose 4% hike in duty on power supply.CICU joint secretary Upkar Singh says the medium, small and micro enterprises (MSME) are in a fix with their sole concern being survival in this competitive market. \"Soon after a tax free budget, the Punjab government is set to levy hefty property tax on industrial, commercial and residential property. Industrial plots already have a house tax imposed on them, so additional property tax is only adding burden to the industry,\" he says. The joint secretary added that they have requested chief minister of the state not to impose property tax or hike the electricity duty in order to provide respite to industrial sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381476", "title": "More than 21,000 appear in UGC-NET", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by the University Grants Commission (UGC) was held on Sunday. The test was conducted at 44 centres in the city including 24 located inside Allahabad university campus. More than 21,000 candidates appeared for the test.UGC-NET coordinator Prof Mata Amber Tiwari said the test was conducted peacefully at all the centres.The number of applicants for NET exam this time was double at the Allahabad University as compared to December 2011 exam. Experts said the main reason for this was the change in the examination pattern wherein objective type questions have replaced the descriptive type.Till two years back, more than 1,000 candidates used to opt for philosophy as the subject for NET but this year only 237 out of total 21,903 candidates opted for it. For December 2011 test, 12,181 candidates had applied and this year 9,722 more candidates had appeared in compared to previous year.History remained the most favourite subject with 23% candidates opting for it. Hindi was the second most preferred subject with 3,103 aspirants. Education was preferred by 2,131 candidates, political science by 1,569 candidates and geography chosen by 1,400 candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380330", "title": "Power cuts make life miserable", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Frequent power cuts have made life miserable for people in the city. This coupled with the intensity of heat in the city, with the temperature touching 40.1 degrees celsius on Saturday afternoon, has only worsened things for people.Residents of parts of sectors 16, 41 and 42 faced frequent power cuts on Saturday evening as there was some problem in the feeders. Power in sectors 7 and 8 was also suspended.Electricity department officials on the other hand claimed that there was no power cut in the city. Kanika Sharma, a resident of Sector 16 said, \"We don't have any idea when the light would go. Despite rotational cuts, unscheduled cuts are quite frequent. What's more, even the complaint centre does not take phone calls\".Ritika Bardwaj, resident of Sector 42 complained, \"I get quite tired working in the office and when I return home, there is no light. This really irks me and I go to a park and sit there for hours.\" Anjana Sharma, a resident of Sector 41 said, \"There are frequent power cuts in my sector and I don't have an inverter at home, so we have no option but to sweat it out when the power goes off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379988", "title": "Inspector in the dock for harassment", "text": "BANGALORE: A police officer who was allegedly caught slapping an employee of a private firm on a mobile phone camera is in the dock.Kalyan Shetty, police inspector, Tilaknagar police station, was found collaring Rohit.Harsha, a financier, allegedly lent money to Raviraj and there were problems between the two over the repayment.Raviraj lodged a complaint against Harsha, alleging that the latter had kept him confined.Harsha was called for questioning and he told police that his friend Rohit was with him. Rohit was booked as accused number two. On Sunday, inspector Kalyan turned up at Rohit's house in Tilaknagar. Rohit claimed he had an anticipatory bail, but the inspector forcefully tried to arrest him. Rohit's sister caught the drama on a mobile and the footage reached TV channels which beamed it.Kalyan was not available for comment. Additional commissioner of police (law and order) T Suneel Kumar said they will look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14378901", "title": "Tintu prevails over Sinimole in inter-state championship", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tintu Luka reasserted her supremacy in the women's 800m by beating off a stiff challenge from Sinimole Paulose to win gold in the National inter-state track and field championship on Sunday.The two-lap race lived up to its billing as the marquee event as Sinimole, in great form on her comeback, threatened to snatch Tintu's place in the London Olympic squad with a better B mark than Tintu's 2:00.95s.The race went down to the wire before Tintu successfully defended her title in 2:01.36. Sinimole timed 2:03.71 for the silver while SR Bindu finished third in 2:09.53.Tintu's timing, though, was slower than her season's best recorded last month. The B qualifying mark for the London Games is 2:01.30s.\"She could have done better but there was no one to push her,\" said Tintu's mentor and trainer PT Usha. Sinimole, who is now looking forward to Tuesday's 1500m final for a London berth, said, \"Sometimes your plans don't work. But that's okay.\"The men's 800m also saw hectic action with the lead changing hands more than once before Ghamanda Ram, recovering from an injury, showed his class, finishing in 1:47.57s. Jinson Johnson of Chattisgarh (1:47.80) was second.Among the other Olympic candidates, Kunju Mohammed (men's 400m) and MA Prajsuha (women's long jump) failed to make the cut.AFI suspends DharamvirThe Athletics Federation of India (AFI) on Sunday provisionally suspended men's 100m winner Dharamvir Singh for disappearing from the arena after the race on Saturday and avoiding a dope test.\"We made several announcements asking him to report but there was no sign of the athlete, his coach and the manager. In view of this the AFI has decided to suspend him pending an enquiry,\" AFI secretary general CK Valson said.\"A joint team of AFI and National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) even went in search for him, but could not locate him. We checked all his bags but couldn't find anything.\"Dharamvir reappeared on Sunday evening and pleaded his case with the AFI top brass but it was too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14386171", "title": "Passengers furious: Agitate and halt train at Surat railway station", "text": "SURAT : Inefficiency of Indian Railways was exposed once again on Sunday at Surat station when passengers traveling in Nizammudin -Ernakuma express forced the train to stop for three hours on Surat railway station. Passengers of two tier AC coach started an agitation as air conditioning machines in their compartment was not functioning.Railway authorities at the station tried repairing the machine for few hours and at last to pacify the onboard passengers , they were shifted to another train named Bhavnagar -Kochi express. According to the details of the incident available , Two tier AC coach , AC machine developed a snag in Erankulam bound express train on reaching Ratlam from Nizzamudin. More than 125 passengers on board complained in board ticket checker repeatedly but their request fell on deaf ears.On reaching Surat , these passengers started the agitation and did not let the train to move from Surat Station. A passenger Diwan Bhagwakar said, \" These AC coaches are air proof and once AC is not working , there is no air circulation. Many of us were nearly suffocated in six hours. We had no option but to agitate.\"Surat Railway ARO HD Meena said, \" we tried repairing the machine but could not do so . We even informed our Vadodara DM office and then shifted the passengers to another train.\"\" These are the new LSD type coaches and we have absolutely no knowledge of how to repair if any problems arise in them. We arefinding it very difficult to repair these coaches once they develop some fault,\" said a technical staff member team who tried repairing the machine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14383598", "title": "Jammu and Kashmir govt keen to strengthen technical education: Minister", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu and Kashmir government is keen to strengthen technical education in the state, minister R S Chib said on Sunday.Addressing a gathering at a mega microsoft conference here, he appealed to the youth to play a vital role in overall development of the state.\"The state government is keen to strengthen technical education in the state,\" Chib said.\"Youths of our state have tremendous talent which needs to be channelised in a right direction,\" the technical education minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379106", "title": "Route realignment to spell further delay for EW Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: The East West Metro - connecting Salt Lake Sector V to Howrah through the central business district - is already running behind schedule by 600-odd days or so. And now, a plan floated by the state transport department to realign the existing route of the East West Metro - to make it pass through Subodh Mullick Square and Esplanade before routing it to Howrah - has put question marks on its timely completion.Perhaps worse is the possibility of cost escalation. The new proposal involves an additional 1.7km, and the project with a sanctioned cost of Rs 4,874 crore will certainly increase and take more time, feel officials.Phase I of the project - from Salt Lake Sector V to Sealdah - was to be completed by October 2013. But going by the progress of work, it will now be completed by March 2015, if everything goes according to plan. The rest of the project, scheduled to be completed in 2015-end, will get further delayed if the route is changed.However, the transport department authorities argue that the reworked alignment will help the passengers working in the central business district.Kolkata Metro Railway Corporation (KMRC) officials, who want to stick to the existing route, have locked horns with the transport department over the 'proposed realignment' and the Union urban development ministry have been contacted to resolve the issue. A meeting has been scheduled on June 30 at the Writers' Buildings, at the initiation of chief minister Mamata Banerjee .The existing route, that begins from Salt Lake Sector V, crosses Karunamoyee, Central Park, City Centre, Bengal Chemical, Salt Lake, Phoolbagan, Sealdah, Central, Mahakaran and then goes under the Hooghly to merge at Howrah and end at Howrah Maidan.However, the transport department is proposing that the stations be aligned from Sealdah to go through Subodh Mullick Square, Esplanade and Dalhousie (adjoining Laldighi) before merging into Howrah and Howrah Maidan.J K Saha, special secretary of the state transport department, who joined the state government on deputation recently, was asked to examine the 'merits' of the proposed realignment. Saha, was originally part of the railways, and had worked with the CM for many years.According to observations of the transport department, there are issues of land acquisition and rehabilitation and \"it would be difficult to fix time frame\" for the existing route. The main argument is that land has to be acquired in the stretch along the B B Ganguly Street for which there is opposition and that may delay the project. Also, the new route - which goes through Esplanade - will have much more office passengers and for this no acquisition is required other than a CTC land at Esplanade.But KMRC authorities feel that this sudden change of plan could throw the project completely haywire. According to the KMRC argument, the East-West metro route is well integrated with other routes - there is integration with the north-south Metro at Central station, suburban and long distance railways at Howrah and Sealdah stations, bus depots at Howrah and Sealdah stations, ferry services at Howrah and Karunamoyee bus terminal at Salt Lake.According to a senior official: \"The question is not about the alignment, but about the cost, both in terms of time and money. And whether the government and the people can afford to go for the increased cost.\"Managing director of KMRC, Subrata Gupta, could not be contacted and transport secretary B P Gopalika refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380797", "title": "Monsoon showers in Goa, Kerala attract Chennaiites", "text": "CHENNAI: After summer getaways, it's time for monsoon travel. Rains on the west coast of the country are encouraging Chennaiites to pack their bags for short getaways to destinations in Kerala, western Karnataka, Maharashtra and Goa.Malabar and Goa are the most popular destinations this time for those who wish to welcome the monsoon with a sip of toddy or fenny. Many are travelling to north Kerala which has many unexplored tourist destinations. People from Chennai prefer Kerala for short weekend getaways while those with more than four days to spare head to Goa to enjoy the rains on the beaches. Monsoon, considered the right season for Ayurvedic retreats, have also made Kerala a sought after destination during the rains.Kerala tourism has started a campaign named 'Dream Season' with a range of exciting tour packages at low prices till September 2012. The promotion includes backwater houseboat cruises, hill station holidays, ayurvedic rejuvenation packages and monsoon tours. Private hotels, resorts and tour operators have come out with their own tours and packages to ensure that travelers enjoy their stay during the rains.Monsoon time is not peak tourist season in Kerala. So, tourists who want to enjoy the rain can spend less money on accommodation. \"We are getting many enquiries for travel to Kerala during monsoon. It is not raining heavy so people are interested in traveling. Private operators handle the tours,\" said an official of Kerala Tourism in Chennai.Private travel and tour companies have also come out with offers. MakeMyTrip, a travel company, recommends the Malabar coast for rain lovers, Goa to experience swaying palms, white sands and sparkling water and Mount Abu for a breezy vacation with fairly moderate temperatures. The company is selling package tours ranging from Rs 10,999 to Rs 27,000 for Kerala while tours cost Rs 10,999 to 13,999 for Goa on twin sharing basis.However, striking house boat workers and owners have come as a setback for tourists who opted for cruises on Kerala's backwaters. \"House boat workers have agreed to resume duty. Owners' strike is expected to be settled very soon. But, this will affect only those who have a houseboat trip on the itinerary. People who travel to north Kerala enjoy even when there is not much of rain,\" said a Kerala tourism official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380539", "title": "Is thirst for water killing our kids?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of little Mahi is being rightly blamed on individual callousness and administrative negligence. But if one looks at the number of such tragedies in the past few years, Mahi can also be seen as the latest victim of India's deepening water crisis.Media's attention was drawn to the problem during the remarkable rescue of a six-year-old boy, Prince, from a 50-foot pit in Kurukshetra back in 2006. Since then, many such cases have come to light.That's no coincidence. For, these past few years have seen a sharp increase in the digging of illegal borewells as people, especially in the rural areas, get more desperate for water. Children, in a way, have become tragic symbols of India's falling water table, with abandoned pits becoming common around the countryside.Water experts say the dependence on groundwater across most parts of India has risen substantially in recent times. \"According to the latest estimates, about 85% to 90% of India's rural water supply is now fed by groundwater. On April 10 this year, the Prime Minister for the first time acknowledged during the India Water Week that groundwater was accounting for 60% of India's water needs,\" said Himanshu Thakker of South Asia Network on Dams Rivers and People, an NGO that works on water issues.Thakker says groundwater is now such a precious resource that a comprehensive policy needs to be put in place for the management of this lifeline. \"Instead of viewing illegal boring just as an administrative issue, we urgently need to have a policy on how more groundwater can be recharged and how this resource can be shared,\" he says.Thakker says steps need to be taken urgently \u2014 maximizing groundwater retention by better maintenance of existing recharge systems and building new ones, regulating groundwater use and reducing water consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380550", "title": "In-laws torture man for not giving dowry", "text": "JAIPUR: Women being harassed and tortured for dowry is a common occurrence in Rajasthan. However, in an unheard of incident a man was humiliated and tortured by his in-laws when he failed to give a dowry of Rs 20,000 in Udaipur's Dabok police station area. His head was shaved off and burning cigarettes were placed on his body after he flouted the community tradition of men paying dowry to the in-laws. The victim has lodged an FIR against five members of his in-laws' family.According to the police, the incident occurred in the Dabok area of Gudali village. \"One Bheema has registered an FIR saying that he had gone to his in-laws house on June 20 when he was tortured for dowry,\" said a police officer.He added that Bheema was married to Kailashi Devi seven years ago. \"Bheema says that men have to pay dowry in his community. He added that he was asked to pay Rs 20,000 at the time of marriage which he could not,\" said the officer.The officer said that Bheema's father-in-law took his wife and daughter to Gudali village on June 15. \"The in-laws called up Bheema on June 20 asking him to come to their house, so he went there,\" said the officer.\"When he reached there, Bheema was asked to pay the dowry amount of Rs 20,000, which he refused. Bheema claims that his father-in-law and other family members shaved off his head and placed burning cigarettes on his body,\" said the officer.Bheema somehow managed to escape and reached his village. \"He was threatened with dire consequences if he told anyone about the torture meted out to him. So he kept mum for a few days, but mustered courage to lodge the FIR on Saturday,\" said the officer.Udaipur SP Hariprasad Sharma said the matter is being investigated. \"Action will be taken against Bheema's in-laws if his allegations are found true,\" said the officer.EomJaipur: Women being harassed and tortured for dowry is a routine occurrence in Rajasthan. However, a man was humiliated and tortured by his in-laws when he failed to pay a dowry of Rs 20,000 in Udaipur's Dabok police station area. His head was shaved off and burning cigarettes were placed on his body when he failed to follow the peculiar tradition of men having to pay the dowry to the in-laws in his community. The victim has lodged an FIR against five members of his in-laws family for the torture.According to the police, the incident occurred in Dabok area's Gudali village. \"One Bheema has registered an FIR with the police saying that he had gone to his in-laws house on June 20 when he was tortured for dowry,\" said a police officer.He added that Bheema was married to Kailashi Devi seven years ago. \"Bheema says that men have to pay dowry in his community. He says he was asked to pay Rs 20,000 at the time of marriage which he could not,\" said the officer.The officer said that Bheema's father-in-law brought his wife and their daughter to Gudali village on June 15. \"The in-law called up Bheema on June 20 asking him to come to their house, so he went there on June 20,\" said the officer.\"When he reached there, Bheema was asked to pay the dowry amount of Rs 20,000, which he refused. Bheema claims that her father-in-law and other family members shaved off his head and placed burning cigarettes on his body,\" said the officer.Bheema somehow managed to escape and reached his village. \"He had been threatened with dire consequences if he disclosed about the torture to anyone. So he kept mum for a few days, but mustered courage to lodge the FIR on Saturday,\" said the officer.SP, Udaipur Hariprasad Sharma said that matter is being investigated. \"Action will be taken against Bheema's in-laws if his allegations are found true,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "after a grand wedding celebration followed by royal hospitality in italy, tollywood star ram charan teja is back to work. happy to be returning to work, the actor tweeted, \"back to work atlast.shooting at our airport for docomo add. enjoy ur day guys", "code": "14384987", "title": "Ram Charan resumes work", "text": "After a grand wedding celebration followed by royal hospitality in Italy, Tollywood star Ram Charan Teja is back to work. Happy to be returning to work, the actor tweeted, \"Back to work atlast.shooting at our airport for docomo add. Enjoy ur day guys:))\"Looks like the actor missed his work. Ram Charan Teja and Upasana Kamineni are back from their three-day honeymoon trip. The couple who chose Italy for their honeymoon were invited by the family of the legendary designer Salvatore Ferragamo to holiday at their ranch outside Florence. Ram Charan had said it was an apt place for their brief honeymoon, adding, \"It's very quiet here. The only entertainment we have is horse riding, wine-tasting in vineyards and trekking in their awesomely huge ranch. Upasana and I are in a state of bliss.\"Overwhelmed by the Salvatore family's gesture, Ram Charan was eager to thank them for the good time on Twitter. \"Warmest Regards to Salvatore&Tini; Ferragamo for their grt hospitality on r short honeymoon. Will definitely come back to IL Borro(Italy),\" he tweeted.Ram Charan will start shooting for the 1973 'Zanjeer' remake where he will reprise the role of Big B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379871", "title": "I-T to open bank lockers of two businessmen today", "text": "BHOPAL: Income Tax sleuths are slated to get the 23 bank lockers of two powerful billionaires Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma opened on Monday. This would help the I-T officials in ascertaining cash and valuables owned by the two businessmen who are under the department's scanner after recovery of disproportionate assets during search operations at their office and residences.The taxmen have already unearthed more than Rs 500 crore wealth amassed by the duo and their associates during the three-day long raids at 60 places across the country in the last week.There was speculation in the business community that the lockers would spill immense wealth and secret deals and properties.Capitalizing on their contacts, contractor-turned-billionaire Suryavanshi and the teacher-turned highest tax-payer of the city, Sharma had thrived in a short span of eight years after bagging contracts from various departments of the state government.Suryavanshi's flagship company Dilip Buildcon and Sharma's SR group sudden rise have been much debated subject in the state capital for last couple of years. The I-T raids were imminent.The two businessmen's names were even been raised in the MP Legislative Assembly in the past but the treasury bench had vouched for them.A day before taking up the exercise of getting the bank lockers opened, the I-T officials, who had worked day in and out for last four days, on Sunday took a day off by keeping their cellphones off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380774", "title": "Hurt in blast, station master gets relief", "text": "CHENNAI: Walking along the platform, waving a green flag to locomotive engineers to signal that it was safe for the train to roll on was a part of station master U Arumugham's everyday routine. On the evening of October 6, 2009, however, he found himself in the wrong spot at the wrong time. An illegal consignment of firecrackers exploded on the Erode-Tirunelveli train at Sholavandan station in Madurai district, leaving him seriously injured.Arumugham sought an alternative post because his injuries had partially incapacitated him, but the request was not considered even though he was entitled to a less strenuous job under government rules. A bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal has now directed the railways to identify and give Arumugham an alternative posting.\"The explosion occurred because firecrackers were being illegally transported on the train. When the train began moving, friction triggered an explosion of the firecrackers,\" said advocate S Saravana Prakash, who assisted counsel Vijaya Kumar in the case.Two persons were killed and 10 others wounded in the incident. The transportation of firecrackers is an offence under the provisions of the Explosives Act, 1884 and the Railway Act, 1989.\"Arumugham suffered injuries to his eyes and face due to the blast,\" the advocate said. \"He was taken to a railways hospital for treatment and was later moved to Apollo Hospital in Madurai. He also received treatment at Ramachandra Medical College Hospital in Chennai.\"Arumugham's treatment, which was covered under the Workmen's Compensation Act, took more than three months. \"After a detailed health examination, he was declared medically unfit to continue holding the post of station master on January 27, 2010,\" the advocate said.Though Arumugham sought a permanent alternative posting, at the level of station master but with less physical strain, an order on February 11, 2010 directed him to continue in the post and work in crew management at Madurai as well. This involved doing night shifts and increased stress. In February, 2011, he was directed to work in the office of the divisional safety officer, but was not assigned any specific duty.A bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal comprising judicial member G Shanthappa and administrative member R Satapathy observed that claim to a suitable alternative post is the statutory right of every injured government employee. An arrangement to post such people in supernumerary positions is only a short-term measure, the bench noted.\"Though Arumugham was medically decategorised in January, 2010, the authorities have not yet provided him suitable alternative employment,\" the bench said. \"Pointing out that he could not indefinitely be denied his statutory right, the bench directed Indian Railways to complete the process of identifying and providing Arumugham a suitable alternative post as per law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14380642", "title": "District to challenge verdict against dad accused of killing girl", "text": "Jaisalmer: The district administration will challenge the session's court decision to acquit the father who has been accused of murdering his newborn girl in Devda village in Jaisalmer district in March 2011.The court had acquitted Bane Singh on Wednesday. He was arrested in January after the forensics report of the viscera stated that the girl had died to poisoning.Disappointed with the verdict, collector Shuchi Tyagi on Sunday said the district will now challenge the verdict at the high court.Amid reports of government witnesses changing their statements in the court, the collector said action will be taken against them. SP Mamta Vishnoi too said she would again study and check all points to present a strong case at the high court.According to forensics report, the newborn had died due to poisoning. Singh was arrested under Sections 201 and 302 of the IPC and produced before the court in March.Singh's counsel argued that the parents were not present when the body of the newborn was dug out and the DNA test too was not conducted. Therefore, it could not be verified that the girl belonged to the couple. After hearing the arguments, the court acquitted him.Collector Tyagi, however, said the recent verdict is not going to affect the campaign against female feticide in the district.In this regard, a show-cause notice too has been issued to an ANM ( auxiliary nurse and midwife) at Delasar village for not informing the district administration and the health department of the suspicious death of a newborn baby girl last month.Five newborn baby girls have reported died in the district over the past one month.Deputy chief medical and health officer Dr VP Singh said the ANM did not report the death despite guidelines issued by CMHO and the health department. Durga Kanwar, wife of one Mahendra Singh, had given birth to a baby girl in Delasar village in the last month of May. The baby died under 'mysterious' circumstances.Dr Singh said in the same village in April month, Dhapu Kanwar wife of Prem Singh through normal delivery gave birth to a baby girl (within 7months) and the baby girl died within some time. The ANM did not inform about this. The health department taking serious note of this, as issued show cause notice under 17cc to the ANM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14386750", "title": "Vasudha project to protect native cattle breeds", "text": "KOZHIKODE: When more and more farmers are focusing on rearing high yielding modern cross-breeds of cattle, a non-governmental organization functioning at Vadakara in the district is all set to protect the native breeds from extinction.In a move to protect the traditional breeds from the brink of extinction, members of Mahatma Desa Seva Trust have decided to launch a special project 'Lokathinte Swapnam Vasudha'. The trust members will collect Rs.5,000 each from 2000 persons willing to be part of the initiative as shares to raise a sum of Rs. 1 crore for the setting up of a dairy farm and agri farm for promoting native cattle breeds, said T Sreenivasan, chairman of the NGO.The milk produced by Kadathanadan breeds and other native breeds have high medicinal value owing to its capacity to absorb vitamin from sun rays through the hump on the back of the cows, claims Sreenivasan. Large number of medicines was manufactured by traditional healers and Ayurveda practitioners using the milk of Kadathanadan cows owing to its medicinal value, he said adding that cow dung and other products of native cattle were also of huge demand among medical practitioners for medicine preparation.The cattle also have the capacity to withstand the changing climate, said the members of the NGO adding that their aim was to encourage the rearing of these species as the demand of native breeds are on the increase. \"We have already started a survey among the families rearing native cattle breeds. Tests will be conducted with the help of veterinary experts to ensure the purity of the breed and the production offspring will begin after the survey,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379169", "title": "Mathur, Johri summoned by CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Retired DGP O P Mathur and additional DGP Geetha Johri have been summoned by the CBI for questioning in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case. The probe agency is likely to question the two senior cops at its office in Gandhinagar.The questioning will be the first for the duo in the Tulsiram encounter case. In 2010, the CBI had grilled the two in connection with the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case. In 2006, when Tulsiram was killed in a staged encounter near Ambaji in the Banaskantha district, Johri was posted in CID (crime) and was the supervising officer in the Sohrabuddin probe. Mathur was the chief of CID (crime).The CBI has said before the Supreme Court that it considered both the fake encounters a part of a larger conspiracy involving the Gujarat Police. On Sunday, the CBI had questioned head constable Ajaypal Yadav who was closely associated with another accused, IPS officer D G Vanzara. Yadav was posted in the anti-terrorist squad when Tulsiram was killed. One of the mobile phones being used by Vanzara then was in the name of Yadav's relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14381597", "title": "Manipur village awaits 'saviour' soldier", "text": "IMPHAL: For villagers of Longdi Pabram, a hamlet in the remote Tamenglong district, Colonel DPK Pillay is a saviour of sorts. Not only saved the lives of two villagers, but has also launched development projects in the village. Pillay's humanitarian service has earned him a moniker of 'Pillay Pamei' among the locals. Pamei is the surname and a clan of the Zeliangrong community living in the village. They even wanted the Army officer to live in the village forever.Prompted by Pillay's initiatives, the BRTF has started the groundwork to construct a new 28-km road connecting the village with Tamenglong district headquarters while two projects - bamboo and horticulture missions - have already been started there. A truck was also presented to the village having a population of 800 by Union home secretary G K Pillai when he was the joint secretary.When Pillay was a Captain in 1994, he, along with his troops was involved in a fierce encounter with NSCN (IM) fighters at Longdi Pabram, in which the young infantry officer was hit by a few bullets on his right leg. While lying in a pool of blood, Pillay saw two children - a boy and a girl -wounded and with a determined thought to save their lives, the kind-hearted solider had the kids airlifted first for immediate medical aid before he was himself evacuated from the spot.On invitation of the villagers, Pillay moved to the village in March 2010 for the first time. \"We saw him as a saviour coming to extend his help and whatever he could for the welfare of our deprived villagers,\"chairman of Longdi Pabram, Athanbou Pamei told TOI on Wednesday. \"The girl (Masaeliu) saved by him has got married now. She presented a basket of orange and a traditional shawl of our community to the saviour army officer,\" said Athanbou.On May 12, Union minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju, accompanied by BRO director general Lt Gen Ravi Shankar and Col Pillay, visited Tamenglong district headquarters. Besides laying a foundation stone for constructing the Rs 90-crore Tamenglong-Londi Pabram road, the minister also launched the bamboo and horticulture missions.\"With Pillay's humanitarian initiatives, we would be able to travel to Tamenglong district headquarters by road after some years. Many of our villagers have also got the opportunity to get self-employment through the bamboo and horticulture missions. We are now waiting for him to come to our village. We will request him to stay with us forever,\" an emotional Athanbou said.Tamenglong MLA Janghemlung Panmei said: \"I had the privilege to meet Pillay when he visited Manipur. He is a kind-hearted man who works for the welfare of the deprived people. Once the road is complete we will invite him to our village and give a grand reception.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14382229", "title": "Indian foursome brace up for a gruelling fortnight", "text": "LONDON: Sunday on Church Road was all about grey skies and intermittent showers that disrupted practice schedules; a precursor to the Wimbledon fortnight for which weather forecasts haven't exactly been encouraging.For India's doubles stars -- the all Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna, reigning Australian Open champions Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek and Sania Mirza, pairing with the sunny American Bethanie Mattek-Sands -- the writing is in the weather.It's going to be a gruelling fortnight for the Indian foursome, fresh from a round of tedious haggling, vis-a-vis Olympic selection. Talk then is in the past, the focus shifts to tennis.Form hasn't quite been with the Indians in doubles even though Sania and Bhupathi combined to win the French Open title, their second Grand Slam crown as a team, a fortnight ago.Paes, who began the year in stirring fashion, enjoying a fruitful first quarter, hit a block on the clay court stretch that spilt onto the grass court season. Since April, the Kolkatan has won just four matches in seven weeks of tournament play.The 39-year-old, partnering Stepanek, will have a chance to set that record straight when they open against the Colombian combine of Alexandra Falla and Santiago Giraldo at the All England Club.Interestingly, Paes and Stepanek find themselves logged in the same quarter of the draw as the No. 7 seeds Bhupathi and Bopanna. Should matches go according to ranking, they will meet in the last eight in what should be a cracking contest.The Bangalore twosome, who struggled at the start of the season, rolled on effectively in the summer with back-to-back semifinals in Masters events in Rome, where they beat the World No.1 pairing of Daniel Nestor and Max Mirnyi in the quarters, and Madrid.In their only outing on grass before Wimbledon, they fell in the quarterfinals to the World No.1 pair at the Queen's Club event.Bhupathi and Bopanna will play Marcel Felder of Uruguay and Malek Jaziri of Tunisia first up. Sania, ranked 12th, did everything to stay in the top-10. She will need a wild card to get into the Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379962", "title": "Passport mela ends on high note", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the second and concluding day of the passport mela organized by the ministry of external affairs at seven locations in the country, the footfall at all passport offices in the city almost doubled to 2,200. Participants expressed satisfaction over the \"prompt delivery of services\", \"helpful staff\", and \"good crowd management\". Even top MEA officials were seen slogging it out from morning till evening\u2014a rare sight.Applicants started thronging all passport offices from as early as 7.30am although the scheduled time for the mela to begin was 10am. \"There were at least 50 applicants queuing outside when I came to open the office ,\" said a security guard at the regional passport office, Bhikaji Cama Place. The situation was no different at four PSKs at Herald House, ITO, RK Puram, Gurgaon and Shalimar Place.The RPO accepted applications until 4pm, stretching the time limit by two hours.For many senior citizens like S C Modi (66) and his wife Swarnkanta (63), the experience was \"unbelievable\". \"I had never imagined things to become so simple. We walked in, filled a form and submitted it\u2014all in one visit and less than an hour,\" said Swarnkanta, a retired bank manager who had been sitting with her expired passport for years and didn't have the \"courage\" to cut through the red tape, touts and whimsical staff to renew it.\"Our last experience of getting a passport (in early 90s) was such a nightmare that we had decided to do without it. But when we heard of the mela we decided to try our luck and we are glad that it worked,\" said S C Modi. Most applicants praised the \"helpful\" response they received from the passport officials and the Tata Consultancy Services staffers.Visitors to the PSKs at Herald House said the processing of application was fast and they did not face any major problem. While the ITO office was busy in the morning with people lining up from about 9am, by 1pm queues had thinned down considerably. There were long queues at the RK Puram PSK, too. The RPO had nine counters open with one counter being reserved for senior citizens.Chief passport officer and joint secretary in the MEA Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi told TOI that altogether 10,500 applicants participated in the mela on Sunday. Bangalore once again had the maximum number of participants at 2,850. \"Hyderabad had 2,800 applicants while in Chennai, 1,875 applications were received. The mela has been a success with over 15,000 form submissions over the last two days. Today, some 700 passport officials and TCS staffers facilitated the process,\" he said.Earlier on Saturday, Basant K Gupta, additional secretary, consular passport &amp; visa division, MEA, had told TOI that his ministry would review the process on Monday and see if there was any need to extend the mela or take it to other cities. During this mela, Delhi, Ghaziabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Lucknow and Amritsar benefitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14381602", "title": "In Pakistan schools, \u2018B\u2019 for \u2018bandook\u2019 , \u2018J\u2019 for \u2018jihad\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Citing stark examples from school curriculum, a prominent Islamabad-based scholar has said that extreme religious and anti-India views fed into children in schools reinforced the cycle of extremism that showed no signs of receding in Pakistan.Pervez Hoodbhoy, nuclear physicist and commentator on current issues, presented the examples at a seminar in the King's College on the role of education in combating terrorism , organized by the Democracy Forum. The examples showed by Hoodbhoy included images and text from a primer that mentioned the Urdu equivalent of A as 'Allah' , B as 'bandook' , Te as 'takrao' , J as 'jihad' , H as 'hijab' , Kh as 'khanjar' and Ze as 'zunoob' . He also showed a college going up in flames, containing images of things considered sinful: kites, guitar , satellite TV, carom board, chess, wine bottles and harmonium .Examples cited by Hoodbhoy from another curriculum document for Class V students included tasks such as discussion on: 'Understand Hindu-Muslim differences and the need for Pakistan' , 'India's evil designs against Pakistan' , 'Make speeches on shehadat and jehad' .\"There has been a sea change in Pakistan in the last six decades. The poison put into education by Gen Zia-ul-Haq was not changed by subsequent regimes. And attitudes have changed over the years, makes my country alien to me,\" Hoodbhoy said.Recalling his childhood in Karachi, he said the city was home to Hindus, Parsis and Christians. \"They are all gone. The same is true of much of Pakistan. Minorities have no place in Pakistan today. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14380920", "title": "Principal charged with rape of schoolteacher in Haryana", "text": "HISAR: The principal of a school at Sirsa in Haryana has been charged with rape, sexual exploitation and blackmailing of a teacher. An FIR was registered on Saturday against Cristopher Michael after an investigation was carried out by the Hisar deputy superintendent of police Vinod Kumar on the complaint of the woman on the 17th of this month. Michael has not been arrested as yet.Another teacher Anjali Rani has been booked as a co-conspirator. Michael allegedly raped and then kept sexually-exploiting the woman during his previous posting some two years ago at a school in Hisar, where the victim was posted as a teacher. Anjali allegedly clicked the nude pictures of the complainant \"to pressurize her to have physical relations with Michael\", a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381342", "title": "Civic elections: Voter awareness rally taken out", "text": "KANPUR: With a view to aware city denizens about the importance of polling votes during elections, a voter awareness rally was taken out from Panki area of the city. The rally ended at Kali Mata temple in Shahpur. A number of people including youths, housewives, children, elders and others participated in the rally. People held banners while they passed through different localities and requested people to vote on June 27.The importance of voting was highlighted by saying that if a right candidate would be selected in the Nagar Nigam elections, he/she would work for developing the area and would address the local problems. The people participating in the rally also said that instead of enjoying the polling day as a holiday, people should come out of their homes to vote. The voters were realised about the power of their votes. The voters were also apprised that this time during the local body elections on June 27, they would get chance to vote through Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs), which was convenient in casting vote.The rally passed through Swaraj Nagar, Panki block-B, C, Panki Power house, Sujanpur and ended in Shahpur. Interestingly, the rally was welcomed from wherever it passed through.Pushpendra Jaiswal, Ram Yash Gupta, Khushi Singh and other locals of the area participated in the rally.On June 27, the voters will get chance to cast votes from 7 am to 6 pm. An hour before the start of the voting, mock poll would be conducted in the presence of the polling agents. This would be done to ensure that the EVMs are working properly and that every other thing is intact before the actual commencement of the voting.Importantly, The EVM to be used in the local body elections are nearly ready to be used for the election purpose. The work of setting ballot paper in the machines was being done even on Sunday. Though this work had commenced two days back, it was on Saturday also that the Returning Officers and the Assistant Returning Officers along with the technical staff remained engaged in setting the ballot papers in the machines.The work was carried out in Government Polytechnic premises. While, the ROs kept on signing on the back of the ballot papers and the technical staff remained busy in opening the machines and in setting the papers. This process went on in 18 rooms in the government polytechnic.Meanwhile, 253 workers engaged in the task of conducting election, polled their votes through secret ballot on Saturday. These workers were given chance to cast their votes during the training session on elections. The election officers were imparted training and were made aware about the election process. These officers in turn imparted training to the workers who cast their votes through postal ballot.Earlier, 170 workers engaged for election duty had cast their votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384638", "title": "Raja Shivchattrapati comes on big screen", "text": "Keeping in mind with the overwhelming response and constant demand of the viewers of the popular television serial 'Raja Shivchattrapati', Iconic Chandrakant Productions Pvt. Ltd (ICPPL) is ready to launch 'Raja Shivchattrapati' - the film on Big ScreenThe film was first announced on the auspicious day of Gudi Padwa - a fitting tribute to the glorious chapter in the Indian history.The history of India is incomplete without the history of Marathas and Shivaji is the centre of that history. Shivaji advocated the ideology of Hindavi swarajya. He established a competent and progressive civil rule with the help of well regulated and disciplined military and well structured administrative organizations. His respect for all religions made him a truly great king.The television show which was aired for over 200 hours was shot by epic technology with a vision of film quality output. It was a mammoth task for the team of ICPPL to convert the entire show into a film of 2 hrs 14 mins. Except shoot, the complete technical process had to be reworked like Dolby Digital, sound mix, colour corrections, graphics to mention few. 'Raja Shivchattrapati', the film includes eight major incidences of Shivaji which created history like Birth of Shivaji, oath taken for Hindiva Swarajya at Rohideshwar temple, defeat of Afzal Khan, siege of Panhala by Siddi Jauhar, battle of Pavan Khind, attack on Shaista Khan, arrest in Agra and escape and Coronation.The film comprises of hair raising four songs and will soon launch a music DVD along with the most memorable dialogues and title track of the television show.Talking on the launch, Mr Nitin Chandrakant Desai, said 'From the time I remember, in my school days I have always been fascinated by Shivaji Maharaj. Till date I've read a number of books and worked on several projects, stage shows on Shivaji Maharaj including 'Raja Shivchattrapati', a TV serial and got record rating from viewers. We are blessed with the golden opportunity to make this epic movie and a huge privilege. We continue to live by abiding to Maharaj's core values as he has laid strong emphasis on culture, which is an integral part of every individual's life. The desire for the launch of the movie shows our love for this great Warrior. And we are not going to stop here. In our effort to take Shivaji's values and culture globally, we have started working on a big International 3D movie on Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in Hindi and English for the global audience.\"For the past 400 years, this great Maratha warrior has been a source of inspiration and pride to the past generations and will continue to inspire millions of youngsters in the future.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "14381177", "title": "Dispute leaves regulated market complex idle", "text": "DINDIGUL: Even as the Oddanchatram market remains cramped, without any space to expand further, there lies a complex adjacent to it equipped with all the facilities. This regulated market complex constructed by the Agricultural Marketing Committee in 2008-09 is situated on the Bypass Road in Oddanchatram with good roads, large number of shops, a huge auction hall and even facilities for cold storage, but has remained locked ever since.It has become a bone of contention between the farmers and commission agents, with farmers charging that the agents are not ready to move from their present location, while the latter say that the place is not meant for them.\"The commission agents are well settled in their buildings in the heart of the city and in spite of hardship to both farmers and merchants, they are not ready to come to the market complex constructed by the Agricultural Marketing Committee,\" K Ramasamy, a farmer from Naganampatti near Oddanchatram says. \"With the present congestion, we are not able to take our produce inside the market. We have to park our vehicles far away and carry the vegetables inside, which incurs additional charges. But still, the commission agents are reluctant to come to the new complex,\" charged another farmer, K Pannerselvam from Sellappagoundanpudur.However, the commission agents argue that the complex is not meant for them. \"The complex is meant for farmers to sell their produce directly to the merchants and we have no place in that system,\" says K Thangavel, president of Oddanchatram Gandhi Market Commission Agents' Welfare Society. \"We are aware of the present constraints and have bought 12 acres of land from the society at Thangachiammapatti. We have also submitted a proposal to the government about moving the market to that place,\" he stated.Commission agents feel that the complex was constructed without taking the market dynamics into consideration. \"The Oddanchatram market operates on credit based transactions between the agents and merchants. How can the commission agents operate in a place meant for direct transactions between farmers and merchants,\" K P Vaiyapuri, a commission agent and former president of the society asks. \"We are not against moving to the complex but it should be handed over to the municipality first who can allot the place for commission agents. With the existing set up, we cannot move to the agricultural marketing complex. We have taken up the issue with the government numerous times,\" Vaiyapuri explains. But farmers complain that the agents are pulling strings with officials and politicians to stay in their present location and move the market to their preferred place in the future.Dindigul district collector, N Venkatachalam, says there is a logical constraint in the proposal of moving the market to the regulated market complex constructed by Agricultural Marketing Committee. \"We held a series of talks with the agents, farmers and merchants but it is true that the commission agents cannot be accommodated in a complex meant for direct transactions between farmers and merchants. We are conducting discussions with the agricultural marketing committee about handing over the complex to the municipality or finding a place to accommodate the agents in the complex. We will hold the talks again to come out with a possible solution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14381472", "title": "CPM ousts Kottamurickal, action against VS loyalists", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a deft move, the CPM state committee on Sunday used the pretext of purging the party to clamp down on dissidents. The party has decided to expel its former Ernakulam district secretary Gopi Kottamurickal from the primary membership of the party, even as it will take disciplinary action against four other CPM leaders of the district. In an unusual decision of the party, it has taken action against both the complainant and the accused.The state committee which considered issues plaguing Ernakulam district committee took the decision to expel Kottamurickal based on the consensus reached at the state secretariat. The action is based on the \"spy cam controversy\".Former Ernakulam district secretariat member K A Chakochan who made the complaint against Kottamurikkal to the state leadership has been suspended for six months from the party. Two district committee members M P Pathrose and T K Mohanan have been censured and another district committee member P S Mohanan has been demoted.Apart from Kottamurickal, all the other four district committee members are V S Achuthanandan loyalists. A decision has also been taken to suspend two CPM office staff, Ramesh and Praveen. A spy cam was installed inside the party's Ernakulam district committee office and a complaint was lodged against Kottamurickal for moral turpitude. However, Kottamurickal had openly stated that it was a conspiracy against him and alleged that leaders like S Sharma, K Chandran Pillai and M C Josephine had a role in it. The CPM state secretariat took serious note of the allegations made by Kottamurickal in the media and decided to expel him.The secretariat arrived at this extreme step at the behest of the party's central leadership which is currently on a rectification campaign, particularly against cases involving moral turpitude. A similar action was taken against the party's former Kannur district secretary P Sasi against whom too a complaint was received by the party.The state committee meeting, however, did not take up other issues like the controversial speech made by M M Mani or action against opposition leader Achuthanandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "14381128", "title": "Kanyakumari to have its own child welfare committee", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: After repeated cases of child trafficking being reported and the mushrooming of children homes in the district, a child welfare committee (CWC) has been constituted in Kanyakumari district which will start functioning from Monday.Earlier, social welfare department officials in the district had to depend on the CWC at Tirunelveli to take care of children-related issues. Even the 18 Odisha children who were rescued from St Theresa Church in Manjankonam near Kulasekaram were handed over to CWC, Tirunelveli.District collector, S Nagarajan said the five-member CWC committee chaired by the judicial magistrate, Nagercoil would assume charges on Monday. \"The CWC will take care of all the child related issues in the district. We have found around 40 children homes functioning without proper registration and notices were sent out them. They were asked to apply for the registration or to close down the homes,\" the collector said.Officials from the social welfare department said there are 130 registered children homes run by various welfare associations and trusts in the district. These homes have come under the scanner after numerous child trafficking incidents were reported and since 2009, 22 of them were closed down after irregularities were found in these homes. Further, on June 15 this year, a children's home at Alagiapandiapuram was closed on charges of child abuse while another welfare trust in Nagercoil was shut on June 16 on charges of an expired registration, officials from the social welfare department said.Social activists in the district had been asking for such a watchdog mechanism in the district for a long time now. Jasmine Asir, secretary of the Nagercoil Women Consumers Protection Centre charges that malpractices are rampant in the so-called children homes run by both religious groups and welfare associations. \"Many get foreign funds in the name of charity, by using these children and many homes have mushroomed in the district. It is important that these homes be monitored and we need a strong watchdog mechanism in the district,\" she stressed.S R Sreeram, president, Kanyakumari District Consumer Protection Association says that malpractices in these homes are common and that they had enumerated 35 such homes in 2009 and submitted the list to the then collector. \"A Child Welfare Committee in the district will really help monitor these trusts and homes,\" he said.Social welfare department officials said that along with the CWC, a juvenile justice board would also be formed to deal with the child related offences.Official team from Odisha to reach Kanyakumari on MondayKanyakumari: An official team from Odisha will reach Kanyakumari district on Monday to deal with the 18 Odisha children who were rescued from the illegal custody of a pastor recently. The team is expected to arrive at the district collectorate on Monday evening, officials said.Based on a tip off, social welfare officials had raided the St Theresa Church at Manjankonam near Kulasekaran on Friday and rescued 18 children from Odisha, all under 10 years of age. T Claret, a pastor from Puthanthurai was arrested by the police.After having some difficulty to ascertain the native place of the children, social welfare department officials found that most of the children belonged to Gajapati district in Odisha and the district administration in Gajapati was informed about the children.District collector, S Nagarajan said that the collector of Gajapati, R P Singh was informed and a CWC member from the district along with a child welfare officer would be coming to Kanyakumari district to probe the incident. \"The CWC at Tirunelveli will hand over the rescued children to the CWC of Gajapati,\" he said.Meanwhile, Rajkumar from Mettupalayam who handed over the children to pastor Claret was also arrested by the police on Sunday, social welfare officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14379391", "title": "GSAI eagerly waiting for creation of seafarers cell", "text": "MARGAO: The seafarers community, represented by Goa seamen association of India (GSAI), is looking forward to the state government creating a seafarers cell on the lines of the NRI commission headed by Wilfred Mesquita.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had promised to appoint a commissioner within 6 months of being elected.Mesquita and Parrikar are chief guests for the international seafarers day function that will be held at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao on Monday. With regards to the demand for the seafarers commissioner, members of GSAI have said that they will wait for the chief minister to complete 6 months in office to pursue the matter with him.\" We want that the person put in charge of this post should be a seaman as he will be familiar with the various rules and regulations in our industry,\" said Dixon Vaz, GSAI president.Amongst the other pressing demands from the government was assistance in helping Goans apply for the much needed continuous discharge certificate(CTC). CTC allows them to travel to foreign countries which currently is a cumbersome and expensive process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379362", "title": "Now, fingerprint investigation to get hi-tech boost", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police's fingerprints bureau at Verna will now get hi-tech Fingerprint Analysis and Criminal Tracing System (FACTS) for fast tracing of fingerprints, which will help the department in future to link the data collected for Unique Identification (UID) card for effective tracing of criminals across the country.Goa police has placed the order of FACTS to CMC Limited , Hyderabad, to supply five work stations at the cost of 94 lakh to upgrade the fingerprints bureau.FACTS is an advanced automatic fingerprint identification system, indigenously developed by CMC, with state-of-the-art digital image processing and pattern recognition techniques.It automatically extracts fingerprint features for matching, using CMC's proprietary high speed and high-accuracy Unified Matcher Algorithm (UMA).Presently, 25,000 finger prints can be stored in the machines, whose capacity has already been exhausted. After procuring these new FACTS, this will help the fingerprints bureau to enhance the capacity to store one lakh fingerprints\"FACTS can be also connected to the UID data, which will help police to analyze huge data across the country and it would be easy to trace criminals immediately,\" said police sources, adding that FACTS will help the finger print bureau for effective tracing of fingerprints obtained from the scene of crime by the fingerprint experts.\"Once installation is complete and after starting out full-fledged, we may write to the state and Union government to give connectivity to the fingerprint bureau so that they can access the data collected by them. This will help the department to access the data of criminals across the country,\" said sources.Over the last four years, the fingerprint bureau was functioning with non-functioning equipment and officials working at the bureau were demanding for an upgradation of the systems.\"At present, it is done manually and it is very difficult to trace the fingerprints due to lack of availability of data,\" said an officer working at the bureau. This application can easily handle high volumes of workload and can search large collections of fingerprint data without compromise on accuracy. FACTS is a field-proven technology of fingerprint identification for law enforcement agencies, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14382019", "title": "Kids eat seeds, fall ill", "text": "HUBLI: As many as 23 schoolchildren fell ill after eating poisonous seeds (hulagala beeja) here on Saturday.The children, who came back from the school, were playing in front of a tree. They saw seeds and started eating them. Soon, they developed uneasiness and started vomiting. Immediately, they were rushed to the government hospital. Of the 23 children, 21 were discharged after the treatment. However, the condition of two children is said to be serious. The children are aged between 8 and 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14380569", "title": "Trials of Arjun mark II start in Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: Developmental trials of the main battle tank (MBT) Arjun mark II has begun at the Pokhran field firing range here and will continue through the next month. A successful trial would give the green signal for building of 124 Arjun mark II at the DRDO's heavy vehicles factory in Avadi. The new version will supplement the 124 Arjun mark I already in service.The ongoing trials, which started on Friday, will mainly focus on 19 parameters, particularly on those features which came under heavy criticism in its earlier version, DRDO spokesperson Ravi Gupta said.The Army has pressed 124 Arjun mark I into service but has said follow-on order will be conditional on 93 improvements, including 19 major modifications, defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said.Among the crucial improvement which will be tested during the trial is the tank commander's thermal imaging (TI) night sight, which replaces the day only sight in the earlier version.With this addition, Arjun can also operate during night in the \"hunter-killer\" mode - the commander as the hunter and the gunner as killer. The commander scans the battlefield through his new TI sight, spots the targets and electronically allocated them to the gunner to destroy, while he returns to hunting for more targets even on a pitch-dark night.Testing of the tank's missile firing capability from its main gun will also be done during the trials. A laser warning counter measure system has been integrated into the main gun. The system's laser beam will intercept incoming missiles, which allow just 10-15 seconds of reaction time. But within milliseconds, the system automatically launches smoke grenades, creating a smokescreen around the tank that leaves the missile operator without a target to aim .\"The major upgrades would be missile-firing capability against long-range targets, panoramic sight with night vision to engage targets effectively at night, containerisation of the ammunition, enhanced main weapon penetration, additional ammunition types, explosive reactive armour, advanced air-defence gun to engage helicopters, a mine plough, an advanced land navigation system and a warning system which can fire smoke grenades to confuse laser guidance,\" Goswami said.Other upgrades included an enhanced auxiliary power unit providing 8.5 KW (from 4.5 KW) and an improved gun barrel, changes in the commander's panoramic sight with eye safe LRF, night vision capability including for driver, digital control harness, new final drive, track and sprocket, he added.The earlier version, Arjun mark 1, which is also developed by DRDO came under a lot of fire due to delays in the development. Later it proved its mettle when it was pitted against the latest the country's T-90 tanks.An Arjun tank is operated by a four-member crew comprising commander-cum-navigator, gunner, loader and driver.\"Earlier, the Army criticised Arjun for its huge weight. But, after seeing its cross-country performance, even compared with a lighter 40-tonne tank like the T-90, the Army authorities realised that the Arjun moves like a 'Ferrari'. Even at 65-66 tonnes, it will beat any MBT in the desert,\" said a DRDO official.Arjun is endorsed by Israel Military Industries (IMI), which did a \"third-party evaluation\" of the tank. Israeli experts are of the opinion that Arjun would outrun any competition.The Army raised its maiden armoured regiment equipped with Arjun tanks in May 2009, more than 35 years after the project was conceived. The Army has so far placed an order for 248 tanks, each costing Rs16.8 crore. Arjun was earlier plagued with problems concerning its fire control system, suspension and poor mobility due to its weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14380989", "title": "Elderly couple murdered", "text": "PATNA: An elderly couple, Ashok Kumar Malviya (65) and his wife Savitri Devi (60), were found murdered in the guest room of their three-storied house at village Mubarakpur under the Sahpur police station in Patna district on Sunday morning. Their throats were slit with a sharp-edged weapon.Police said the elderly couple lived on the third floor of the house and also had a house at Salimpur Ahra locality in the state capital. Their two sons, Subodh Kumar and Pramod Kumar, live at Salimpur Ahra. While one works as a hawker, the other works in a gas agency. The couple also had landed property.Police said the matter came to light when the daughter of a tenant, at around 8.30am, went to the third floor to inquire from the couple about the non-supply of water to her flat. She called out for the landlord but there no response. On pushing the door left ajar, she found the couple murdered with their bodies lying in a pool of blood on the floor. She immediately informed her father, who in turn intimated the couple's sons. Soon, both the sons reached there with their family members and informed the local police station.City SP, Patna, Kim, who reached the spot on receipt of information, said the reason behind the murder was not clear. She said Malviya was secretary of a local school.Danapur SDPO Sushant Kumar Saroj said locals told the police that Malviya was running two schools at Sahpur and Danapur. The local police are looking into the affairs of the two schools. It would be premature to attribute any reason behind the murder of the couple, he said and added the local police were investigating the case from different angles.The bodies were sent to Danapur hospital for autopsy, the SDPO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379661", "title": "Mixed reactions to new UGC-NET format", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new pattern of National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) on Sunday was liked by candidates who took the exam for the first time. But candidates who have taken the exam earlier expressed reservations over the new format. This time objective type questions were asked replacing the descriptive pattern.The first paper consisted of 60 questions, of which 50 were to be attempted. The second paper had 50 compulsory questions. The third paper had 70 compulsory questions. The total marks were 350 with no negative marking. UGC-NET is held twice a year, in June and December.In Lucknow, the exam was held at 18 centres. More than 18,000 candidates had registered for it. Exam coordinators at Lucknow University said nearly 14% candidates were absent.According to LU officials, the change in the paper pattern brought down the absenteeism which in previous years crossed 20%. Moreover, this year, there was a surge in the number of applications. \"Last year, we had received about 11,000 forms whereas this year the number crossed 18,000. I think the objective type paper is a reason for such rapid in the number of candidates,'' said a university official.The exam was held in two shifts - 9.30am to 12 noon, and from 1.30pm to 4pm. After the second paper got over, TOI caught up with some candidates who shared their experiences. \"The objective type paper helped me finish my exam much before the actual time. Moreover, it was easy to mark the answers,'' said Vadeihi, a candidate.Ram Singh, who took the exam for the second time, said the former pattern was better. \"Earlier, we could show our intellectual skills and write descriptive answers but with the total objective paper pattern, this was not possible,'' said Ram.University officials said many candidates gave a negative feedback on the new pattern. \"Students complained the objective pattern limited their skills. Moreover, they found the level of difficulty reduced as compared to last year,'' said a university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14382003", "title": "100 ill after drinking contaminated water", "text": "BELGAUM: Nearly 100 people, who consumed contaminated water in Samra and Shukravara Pete on Friday and Saturday, have been admitted to various hospitals in Belgaum.Many people, who complained of vomiting and diarrhea after drinking tank water on Friday morning, were admitted to various hospitals. On Saturday also, a few more people from the area developed same symptoms. Soon the news that they fell ill after drinking water from the tank spread like wild fire. An alert health department set up a mobile health unit and started cleaning the tank. However on Sunday, a few more were admitted to the district hospital. All the patients are recovering.On Sunday, MLA Sanjay Patil and health officials visited the spot and took stock of the situation.Deputy commissioner Anbukumar said the villagers fell ill after consuming water stored in the uncleaned tank. It is the responsibility of the zilla panchayat engineer to clean these tanks and action will be taken against him, he said. Zilla panchayat chief executive officer Shankar said water samples will be taken for test and steps have been taken to ensure supply of potable water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379674", "title": "\u2018Protection of wetlands is crucial for urban life\u2019", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nearly 47% of people in the state live in urban areas and ensuring sufficient water for their needs is a challenge in the urban planning. Serious attempts to be made to protect the wetlands in the urban areas, said R Ilangovan, executive engineer, PWD. He was delivering a talk on 'Urban Wetland Conservation Challenges and Solutions in Coimbatore'. He also said that the wetlands in Coimbatore can be protected using modern technological advancements.\"Tamil Nadu has the largest growing urban population in the country. The need of the urban people can only be met through harvesting ground water,\" he said.The main concern is that the untreated sewage water is mixed with the ground water. This leads to losing of oxygen content in the water making it unsuitable for consumption, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14381393", "title": "Bed chamber in Vadakkunnathan temple is 400 years old: ASI", "text": "THRISSUR: The bed chamber (palliyara) found in the Vadakkunnathan temple here is believed to be about 400 years old, according to Archaeological Survey of India. The chamber was found on the north side of the temple recently during renovation works undertaken by TVS Motors.Dr M Nambirajan, superintendent archaeologist, Thrissur circle, said, \"The bed chamber is believed to be about 400 years old. But such chambers can be seen in many temples. We have forwarded a proposal to the ASI in New Delhi to take over the Vadakkunnathan temple. The permission for it has not been granted so far.\"The bed chamber includes two pillars and a 15-feet-long bed made of stone. It was found after demolishing a wall. Paramekkavu devaswom president K K Menon said, \"Such chambers were used in temples to place the idols after taking them from Sreekovil in the night. It was a ritual to place the idols on bed during night. But it ceased to exist during the invasion of Tipu Sultan when the temple was closed down fearing his attack.\" A priest had referred to this chamber during Ashtamangala prashnam held two years ago in the temple. But no one believed it, he said.At present the ASI is conserving only mural paintings of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379550", "title": "SP, BSP clash over Lokayukta's term", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government and Bahujan Samaj Party , the main opposition party on Sunday locked horns over amendment in the Lokayukta Act on extension of the tenure from six years to eight years. BSP leaders announced that they will oppose the amendment in the legislative council. The amendment has already been passed by the legislative assembly. However, the BSP is in majority in the legislative council. This means, if the amendment is rejected by the council, it will be sent back to the assembly for reconsideration. If the amendment is passed again by the assembly, it will be implemented. However, it will be a time consuming process and would delay other amendments planned in the Lokayukta Act by the state government to make the institution strong.BSP general secretary and leader of the party in the legislative council Naseemuddin Siddiqui told reporters that his party will oppose the amendment in the Lokayukta Act providing extension of tenure. He accused the present Lokayukta Justice (retired) NK Mehrotra of being biased. In retaliation, the SP spokesperson said that the BSP leader fear that their trouble will increase with the extension of Justice Mehrotra's term. Justice Mehrotra has so far indicted 10 ministers, including Siddiqui in previous Mayawati government for corruption. The term of Justice Mehrotra was to end in March, but the newly elected SP government extended it to eight years through an ordinance. Later, a bill for amendment in the Act was tabled the state assembly and approved.Other amendments in the Act include provision of payment of up to Rs 50,000 as fine, in case a false or frivolous complaint against a public servant is lodged. Further, the Lokayukta and deputy Lokayukta will now also be required to remain in office until a new appointment is made. And, the security money to be deposited by complainants has also been doubled from the current Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000. In case the complainant is unable to deposit the fine within two months of the order, it will be recovered from his/her property by the district magistrate. The amendment also empowers the Lokayukta to compensate a public servant, in case it is established that the complaint was defamatory. Also, only Lokayukta can now probe against sitting public servants.The amendments were unanimously passed in the state legislature after the opposition staged a walkout. However, the SP government will have to face a tough time in the council. In the 100 member legislative council, the BSP has 62 members, SP 15, BJP 9, Congress 2, RLD one, teachers' representatives seven and independent four. Besides the amendments passed in the current assembly session, the state government is planning to bring more amendment to strengthen the institution in the next session. The amendments will include giving Lokayukta power to issue search warrant, initiate suo motu inquiry against corrupt public servants and bring all government societies, government-aided NGOs, schools and colleges among others under purview of the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14382150", "title": "\u2018Lack of facilities\u2019 keeps trucks out of terminal", "text": "MYSORE: The D Devaraja truck terminal, in spite being hi-tech and having good facilities, has failed to attract truckers. The terminal, inaugurated by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda 15 days ago, can accommodate 96 heavy trucks at a time. But still, truckers continue to park their vehicles on roadsides, posing danger to motorists and congesting roads. The news of terminal being privatized -- which, if happens, may make them pay huge fee for the facilities -- is said to be the dampener for them to feel discouraged. Safety is another concern.Terminal in charge H Rajendra said an average of 4-5 trucks arrive at the terminal per day. \"A meagre fee of Rs 10 (for 12 hours) and Rs 20 (for 24 hours) is collected for parking. But still, drivers don't turns up in good numbers,\" Rajendra added.According to him, it takes Rs 2 lakh for maintenance and salary of guards and officers. But the fee collected in a span of 15 days is just Rs 1,600. So far, the terminal has attracted only 60 trucks. The issue has already been referred to the district commissioner and other officials concerned.When contacted, Mysore District Lorry Owners' Association president B Kodandarama said: \"Everyday, about 600 trucks ply in the city. But drivers are not ready halt at their trucks at the terminal as they feel it's insecure. Also, there is no canteen facility.\"\"For us to use the terminal, the tender should be allotted to localites. Those from other places take the tender and increase the fee, which the poor lorry crews cannot afford,\" he added.Secondly, truck agents who have their offices in the city cannot afford the rent here -- it is Rs 800 per sqft. \"They earn their living through the commission they get, and privatization of the terminal would mar their earnings,\" he pointed out.Kondandarama wanted the next tender -- to be called on June 26 -- be given to locals or to the Association for maintenance. He has written to the chief minister on the issue.The first phase of work at the terminal, built on 16.20-acre land, is over at a cost of Rs 12.48 crore. At present, it has facilities like drinking water, paid rest room and washrooms. Medical shop, fuel station, auto garage, service station and canteen are planned in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14386261", "title": "Pak SC suspends PPP leader's membership of National Assembly", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court today suspended a Pakistan Peoples Party leader's membership of Parliament on the ground that he possesses dual nationality, taking the number of lawmakers suspended so far to six.A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry suspended the membership of PPP lawmaker Zahid Iqbal, who represents Sahiwal constituency of Punjab province in the National Assembly or lower house of Parliament.The bench sent an order to the Speaker of the National Assembly that said Iqbal's membership would remain suspended till he submits proof to the court that he has only Pakistani citizenship.Once Iqbal provides proof, the court will consider the restoration of his membership, the Chief Justice said.In a related development, PML-N parliamentarian Jamil Awan confessed possessing dual nationality during the hearing but the bench did not take any action against him.The bench subsequently adjourned the matter till July 2. On June 14, the Supreme Court suspended the membership of three lawmakers of provincial assemblies of Sindh and Punjab.On June 4, the court suspended PPP leader Rehman Malik's membership of the Senate or upper house of Parliament on the ground that he had failed to provide proof of renouncing his British citizenship. At the time, Malik was the Interior Minister.Following the action by the court, he was appointed a Special Advisor to the premier on interior affairs so that he could continue heading the Interior Ministry.Earlier, the Supreme Court suspended the membership of PPP parliamentarian Farahnaz Ispahani, the media advisor to President Asif Ali Zardari , for holding US citizenship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379970", "title": "Doctors' demands will be considered: Minister", "text": "INDORE: Even as thousands of city doctors plan to stage protest against Clinical Establishment Act, 2010, Minister of state for health Mahendra Hardia has assured them of all possible support. Hardia told ToI that health is a subject of state and we will stand by the doctors' demands, wherever possible.\"We will talk to the doctors and try solving their problems. We will look into all the possible solutions that can provide relief to the doctors' fraternity,\" said Hardia.Earlier, a delegation of doctors met the minister seeking his attention on the issues concerning them.\"We briefed the minister about the draconian law that union ministry is trying to implement in the state. Besides, health is a matter of subject of state and a similar Act is already existent in the state to regulate the public health system. Union ministry is trying to implement a law which was once rejected by the parliamentary standing committee,\" said one of the senior doctors, who was a part of the delegation team.Nearly 10 states in the country have their own Acts to regulate the public system. In the Act existing in the state, the powers are given to the Chief Medical and Health Officer designated in the districts. But, in the Clinical Establishment Act, district collector becomes the head to issue registration.Dr Ulhas Mahajan, district president, IMA, said, \"The existing laws in the state are more stringent than Clinical Establishment Act. The new law is draconian, which will make the medical services dearer to the patients. It will also hit the general practice of several doctors. We will boycott work on Monday to show solidarity against the new law.\"\"However, medical emergencies will be attended on priority. Doctors will wear black ribbons on their arms to raise their voice against the act. Doctors have also planned to stage mass protest on Monday evening at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital,' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386723", "title": "Rajamouli to make a period film?", "text": "Well known director S S Rajamouli is known for picking up unique plots. Most of his earlier movies were runaway hits \u2014 Magadheera, Student No 1 and Vikramarkudu to name a few.He's upcoming venture is Eega in Telugu starring Sudeep, Samantha and Nani. Even as the movie is set for worldwide release on July 6th, looks like the maverick filmmaker already found a theme for his next film.During his recent visit to Bangalore for the promotions of Eega , Rajamouli hinted at making a Kannada film. That's not it. He also hinted that the subject would be Krishnadeva Raya's Vijayanagara glory. Although he did not indicate any timeline for the project, the director seemed hopeful of making a period film.His upcoming film Eega is a trilingual venture that will be released as Naan ee in Tamil and Eecha in Malayalam. There's a lot of hype surrounding the film with the movie's visual effects being talked about. Kiccha Sudeep who has already made a mark in Bollywood and Sandalwood will be making his Kollywood debut with this movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380360", "title": "Five more held in NDA money-for-job scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI arrested five more persons in the National Defence Academy recruitment scam through Saturday and Sunday and claimed to have recovered Rs 1.76 crore that was allegedly taken as bribe after raids on 14 sites in Pune, Mumbai, Gurgaon and Sonepat. On Saturday, the agency had announced the arrest of Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to NDA commandant Lt Gen Jatinder Singh.The agency also questioned and searched the residence of Colonel A K Singh, a physical training officer, in the money-for-post scandal. Singh headed a board of officers set up to recommend the names of successful candidates for the 40 posts advertised by the NDA. Based on the board's recommendation, the NDA commandant would have taken the final decision.In February, the NDA had invited applications to appoint 40 subordinate staff, like cook, gardener, library and laboratory attendants, cadet orderly and lower division clerks.The CBI said it was questioning A K Singh to find out whether he was working alongside Colonel Kulbir Singh (not Kulwinder as reported in Sunday's TOI). The NDA spokesperson confirmed Singh's questioning.\"Kulbir did not have the authority to recommend appointments, which lay exclusively with the board. So, if the board gave positive recommendation, the chances of ineligible candidates securing jobs increased and that's why it was necessary to investigate A K Singh,\" said a senior CBI officerA special CBI court in Pune remanded the six arrested to CBI custody till July 2. Apart from Kulbir, who acted as the facilitator, the other five detainees are: Ramesh Gaikwad, a grade IV NDA employee, Bal Kishen Kanojia, who runs a food stall in Pune, his employee Vishnu Sharma, and two suspected touts, Manoj Sheetal Kar and Dattatre Sheetal Kar.The accused had allegedly taken signatures of candidates who had agreed to pay the bribe on blank sheets and later filled them with correct answers, he said. The CBI said while Rs 4 lakh was seized from the residence of Col Kulbir Singh, another Rs 82 lakh was found in the house of an associate of the army officer who was being questioned. Kanojia's house yielded Rs 50 lakh and Gaikwad's Rs 18 lakh. The balance Rs 3 lakh and Rs 3.2 lakh were recovered from Manoj Sheetal Kar and Vishnu Sharma's residences, CBI officials said.The CBI also claimed to have seized a list of candidates' names and interview letters from the residence of Kanojia and a list of those who had paid bribe from Sharma's residence. The statements of the candidates would be recorded soon as only witnesses as of now, the officials said.The CBI has ruled out any involvement of NDA commandant Jatinder Singh in the scandal. \"The commandant was not even aware of the issue. It is embarrassing that his trust in an officer was betrayed. He was not at all aware of Kulbir's involvement,\" said a senior CBI officer.However, questions are being raised as to whether Kulbir, who is learnt to have confessed to his alleged crime, was protecting some senior officials. \"As a staff officer is chosen personally by the commandant, Kulbir's opinion could have played some role in the recruitment approval process. As he enjoyed the commandant's confidence, the board's recommendations would not have merited much unless some board officer protested. It would, thus, be imperative for the sleuths to find out who are the other officers involved in the scam and the real beneficiary along with Kulbir,\" said an army officer who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14379042", "title": "'Moral support key to stop suicides'", "text": "BOKARO: Social workers and policemen believe that providing support to a person right on the time when a suicidal tendency generates in him/her will help save the life.The views were expressed at Jeevan Mahotasava, an awareness programme against suicidal attitude and depression organized at Kala Kendra here on Sunday.The workshop is organized by Sanjivini Suicide Prevention Centre of Family Counselling Centre, a social organization. The centre is running with technical support of Befreinders, an organisation which works to reduce suicide worldwide. DIG, Koylanchal, Laxman Prasad Singh, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, director of Jeevan J R Jain and many others from different fields have participated and expressed their opinion on suicide.Shashi Bhusan, the chairman of Sanjivini, said the city was witnessing a rise in suicide incidents and their effort behind organizing the awareness programme was to make people come forward and help those people who were generating such tendency. He also said the helpline number 06542-287111of the centre receives calls of people feeling suicidal and they provide counselling to them. \"We are more concerned about the students as the city has witnessed many students committing suicide depressed over poor results in examination,\" said Bhusan.Jain said it was seen that there were many reasons including stress , unemployment , physical or mental torture, failed love, poor performance in education, financial matters, bullying and others which provoked person to commit suicide. \"The suicidal incidents are noticed more in urban areas in comparison to rural area because of developing nuclear family culture. The busy life schedule has made people isolated. They did not get time to share their problems with family members and friends.\"He said if someone was feeling depressed or suicidal, their first response was to try to help by listening them rather than offering advice, share their experiences and try to find solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378913", "title": "2 days police custody remand for Mickey Bakshi, co-accused in Mate murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: The counsel of Mickey Bakshi, facing kidnapping and murder charges along with two others, made an innovative application before the magistrate on Sunday. They offered to agree to two days of police custody remand to 'ensure a fair investigation into the murder allegations'.Advocate Prakash Jaiswal, representing Bakshi, admitted a 'few slaps' between Bakshi and Mate, but argued strongly against his client's role in the murder of NCP leader Ganesh Mate.Holiday court magistrate NH Tikhe heard Jaiswal and Sadar police inspector Rajratna Bansod before granting Bakshi and his co-accused Yogesh Chokse and Kamaljeet Singh Mangat custody remand up to June 27. Bansod had asked for seven days PCR on grounds of investigating the case properly.With an expression of apprehension, security service agency owner and president of socio-political forum 'Youth Force' Bakshi's only reaction in court was to say a prompt animated 'no' when the magistrate asked of he had any complaints against the police. His short visit to the court ended with the police van driving him away to Sadar police station with Bakshi waving to friends and supporters.Mate's body was found on the railway tracks near Kalamna yard early on Friday morning. He had left his home at Kanhan for Bakshi's Sadar-based office. Mate's son Swapnil had claimed that his father was abducted and killed by Bakshi.Swapnil told police that their driver Gendlal and relative Gulchand Kukade had been driven away by Bakshi, who had also taken his father's car keys. Later, they had spotted the car being driven out from Bakshi's office but Mate was not seen.Jaiswal argued that Mangat had nothing to do with the murder and was a friend of Chokse, who is a broker in the real estate business. A person identified as Neeraj had introduced Mate to Bakshi. Mate induced Bakshi to purchase an agricultural plot measuring 2.5 acres for around Rs 30 lakhs, despite knowing that the owner of the property Gawande had already sold the plot to Adivashi Gruh Nirman Santhan in the early 80s.Gawande was convinced by Mate that he could sell the property to Bakshi since the mutation had not been done after the earlier deal. Mate had given Rs 14 lakh to Gawande from the amount Bakshi paid for the plot. Bakshi was upset when he came to know about the facts.Jaiswal told the court that Bakshi had summoned Gawande and his wife along with Mate to resolve the deadlock. While Gawande agreed to return the amount, Mate wanted some months to settle the amount. \"Mate was a regular at Bakshi's office and yet he committed the fraud,\" said Jaiswal.The defence argued that Mate took Bakshi in his car, which was driven by Chokse, to Mansar and Pauni. Bakshi left the place after they went to an eatery. Yogesh was with Mate and they headed to Neeraj's place. Later, Mate took Chokse to Kalamna, where Gawande's relative Dattatreya Umale stays.Jaiswal said that Mangat came to pick up Chokse from Kalamna. Chokse, Umale and Mate then went to the pan kiosk where the deceased's car was found later. Chokse and Mangat left the place, leaving Mate waiting for his driver there. Later, Umale came back and spotted Mate still waiting alone. Jaiswal claimed that his clients had no clue what happened with Mate thereafter and how his body reached the railway tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380263", "title": "NRHM funds to be linked to states\u2019 performance", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time ever, funds allocated to states under the country's flagship National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) will be cut by almost 15% if they fail to place doctors and health workers (even on contractual basis) to districts with the worst health index.States will also have to post performance audits of health facilities online, failing which up to 7.5% of their total outlay will be deducted.For the first time, NRHM's programme implementation plan (PIP) for the year 2012-13 has put in place incentives to reward high performing states and also punish those who fail. Rational and equitable deployment of manpower (doctors, nurses, ANMs) has been given the highest priority failing which states will be financially penalized.Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK), under which all pregnant women delivering in public health institutions are entitled to free and cashless delivery \u2014 free C-section, exemption from user charges, free drugs, blood, consumables and diagnostics and free diet for three days in case of normal delivery and seven days in case of caesarean section, has received a massive push.States failing to provide these services will see a 10% cut in its NRHM budget. On the other hand, states which manage to efficiently put in place systems to provide free generic medicines to all public health facilities and also create a separate public health cadre will get an additional 15% of the total outlay.Efficient recording of vital events including strengthening of civil registration of births and deaths will earn states an additional 2% of the total outlay.Responsiveness, transparency and good accountability will earn states an additional 8% of the total outlay while efficient inter sectoral convergence will help add 3% additional funds.Speaking to TOI, NRHM mission director Anuradha Gupta said, \"This is the first time that incentives are being introduced for states to perform. The mission steering group of NRHM has approved setting aside 10% of NRHM funds to incentivize good performance by states. Earlier, allocations were inflexible. States that performed poorly received the money allocated to them and didn't lose anything.\"Gupta added, \"We are in the process of bringing about basic systemic reforms in NRHM so that our investments receive appropriate returns. We are pushing states towards providing free medicines to all patients. I expect by the end of next year, majority of the states would start providing free generic medicines. Public health cadre is vital to run health programmes on the ground and states which don't have one will be given extra funds if they introduce such a cadre.\"States have also been directed to ensure mandatory disclosure on the state NRHM website on facility wise deployment of all contractual staff engaged under the NRHM with name and designation, total number of mobile medical units and their service delivery data, all procurements including equipments, patient transport ambulances and their kilometers logged on a monthly basis and details of all buildings and hospitals under construction and their date of completion.NRHM has been allocated Rs 20,400 crore for the year 2012-13. Gupta said, \"As against national targets, we have now put in place state specific goals regarding maternal mortality rate, total fertility rate, family planning and infant mortality. We are also focusing on targeted application of resources as NRHM's main agenda is critical gap filling.\"Meanwhile, to ensure transparency in spending of funds by states, the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) of India will audit their spending under NRHM.After a Rs 5,754 crore NRHM scam was unearthed in Uttar Pradesh recently, the Union health ministry requested CAG to look into NRHM spending of all states.The letter, written to all principal secretaries and mission directors said, \"This audit by CAG is separate from the statutory audits already being conducted by CA firms appointed annually in your state. You are requested to ensure that all the records requisitioned during the process of audit are made available to the audit teams promptly and that full cooperation is extended to the teams deputed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14381207", "title": "Doctor in dock over woman's death during treatment", "text": "RAJKOT: A city-based doctor was booked for culpable homicide after a woman died within minutes of he administering an injection.Sonal alias Snehal Bhatti, 28, a resident of Copper City Complex on Jamnagar Road, was undergoing treatment at Dr Bhavesh Vithalani's hospital located at Indira Circle for the last few days.After a primary check-up, Sonal was sent to Nandani Laboratory at Trikon Baug for X-Ray and other tests on Saturday evening. Vithalani also came there.After the X-ray, Vithalani gave her an injection, but within few minutes she died on the spot.Sonal's death angered her family members, who ransacked the office of the private laboratory and manhandled Vithalani. They accused the doctor of negligence.Police rushed to the spot after the incident and brought the situation under control.Later on Saturday night, Sonal's husband Rushi Bhatti, a businessman, filed a complaint with A-division police station against Vithalani under section 304 of the Indian Penal code.This is the second such case in the city this month where a patient died due to alleged negligence by a doctor. Earlier, a complaint was filed against Dr Prakash Detroja for culpable homicide after an eight-year-old girl Drishti Solanki died in his clinic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14381545", "title": "Traffic jams after UGC-NET exam", "text": "VARANASI: A large number of candidates appeared for UGC national eligibility test (NET), which was held at 41 centres in the city on Sunday.According to UGC-NET coordinator Umesh Singh, the examinations were conducted peacefully across all the centres in two shifts.He also said that despite local body elections in the city on Sunday, a number of candidates, including girls turned up at the examination centres.There were 41 observers (one for each centre), including five observers from New Delhi, to keep tab on the examinations.Around 18,000 candidates of various disciplines had applied for UGC-NET examination.The Banaras Hindu University was the nodal centre for examinations and various faculties in BHU were made examination centres. Traffic congestion was also witnessed at prominent crossings like Lanka, Kamachcha and trans-Varuna areas after the examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14381944", "title": "Just 11% of city\u2019s fire hydrants operational", "text": "MUMBAI: The financial capital of India seems to be playing with fire, as just 11% of the hydrants in the city are in working condition. When it comes to south Mumbai, where the seat of the state government is located and that was gutted in a blaze on Thursday, it is slightly better with nearly 26% functioning . \"Defunct hydrants could be one of the reasons for delay in controlling the fire that gutted Mantralaya,\" a BMC official said. Hydraulic department records show that the entire city is dotted with 10,220 fire hydrants, with ward A which has Mantralaya, having 895. \"Offices of top corporate houses and premier government buildings are part of ward A. Despite this, merely 230 hydrants are functional here,\" the official said.Thursday's fire that engulfed Mantralaya claimed lives of five persons and it took the fire brigade over 12 hours to douse the fire. Fire brigade officials said they had sought permission from Mantralaya to install fire hydrants on the premises but were denied approval. \"Nonavailability of hydrant resulted in interrupted water supply . Shortage of water hit rescue operations. Had firefighting vehicles from central agencies not joined the operations, the damage would have been more,\" a fire brigade official said.Fire hydrants are key to fire-fighting operations. When fire tenders run out of water, they hook up to these sources of water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384918", "title": "Music companies responsible for lack of interest in ghazals: Pankaj Udhas", "text": "Ghazal maestro Pankaj Udhas says that \"Encouragement brings the best out of us. The audio companies are responsible for the loss of interest among the new generation towards ghazal.The big or small music companies are not coming forward with new artists, There is not enough encouragment for newcomers are are keen to pursue ghazal gayaki. The world of ghazal needs new talent and voice to breath. \"I am really disturbed with the downloading and piracy going around; people have stopped keeping collection as they are easily available free of cost. New talents get lost in the struggle to find a stage for themselves, says the singer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14381037", "title": "Sunflowers wither away from farmlands of Kosi, Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: The sunflower has literally wilted. The resplendent and colourful sunflower plants, which blossomed and dotted the vast tracts of farmland across Purnia and Kosi divisions until a couple of years back, are no longer the farmers' favourite. The area under sunflower cultivation has shrunk considerably.\"We were greatly enamoured of planting sunflowers, which yielded us huge profits. But, the subsequent experiences only soured us,\" says Umesh Yadav of village Maranga near Purnia. \"It was a real cash crop and crop yield fetched us enough profits. The entire scenario has, however, undergone a sea change,\" adds a big farmer Pujan Sahay of Banmankhi.The sunflower cultivation has lost its shine and farmers have gradually shifted their attention to other patterns in farming which yield more profit. In the past couple of years, farmers have significantly riveted towards maize. Over fifty ( 50 ) rakes of maize crops were transported from different stations like Purnia, Kishanganj, Forbesganj and Dalkola this season alone -- which is more profitable and money earner.\" We have to invest Rs 6,000 to Rs 7,000 per acre on sunflower farming.One acre of sunflower yields 10 to 12 quintals of sunflower crops, said Punesh Kumar Singh of village Chandwa under Falka block on Katihar-Purnia border. One quintal of sunflower crop normally yields Rs 2,600 to Rs 2,800 now-a-days. The gains are not all that bad, concedes Punesh Kumar Singh. But, the market mechanism and nature's vagaries like off season rains and squalls are big daunting factors and have indeed given a body-blow to sunflower cultivation, farm sources say.\"The maize is the inthing. Farmers are literally moon-shining on maize and have virtually dumped everything else including wheat,\" tells Ramanath Singh of Champanagar in Purnia.Sunflower is mainly sown between mid- November and mid-December, but some farmers prefer to sow them later in January and early February. But, the yield is relatively very poor for those who opt for late variety of sunflower, though farm input costs are practically the same for the two farm patterns, say the growers. In the absence of any factory for squeezing oil out of it, sunflower crops are naturally exported to states like Gujarat, MP and Maharasthra.Incidentally, the sunflower cultivators are always at the whims and mercy of the middlemen and agents of factory owners from these states, they say. Sometimes sunflower farmers, who cannot afford to hold on their produce for long are obliged to sell their produce to local buyers, who only use them as a mix and adulterate them with other oilseeds, point out the farmers.\"Nearly 75% of the farmers have given up sunflower farming in Purnia district and have switched over to maize now, which has emerged as the best cash crop for them,\" says Purnia district agriculture officer (DAO). He could not, however, trot out the exact area under sunflower farming now.The scenario is still worse in Kishanganj. Kishanganj DAO Sant Lal Sah, without mincing words, says, \"Sunflower farming is virtually a thing of the past. The farmers were getting attracted towards it some years back. But, now you only come across small patches of it here and there,\" Sah says.The overall situation as far as sunflower farming is concerned is no less depressing in Kosi division. According to Saharsa DAO Umesh Prasad Mandal, barely 150 hectares of crop land are under sunflower farming now in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380213", "title": "Charred Mantralaya gets back to work", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after a massive fire charred most of Mantralaya, on Sunday, the first official business from the seat of power was conducted as some ministers trooped in to clear files and hold meetings. From getting a new coat of paint to the tricolour being hoisted atop the building, the government took up removing the remains of the blaze on a war footing.\"Our first priority is to allocate office space to restore work at Mantralaya,\" chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said. In a candid admission, he said, \"I regret that we could not avoid the fire.\" Chavan said. Public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal said official business will resume full-fledged on 75% of the building and entire annexe and the first three floors of the main building will be operational from Monday. Home minister R R Patil, who attended the office, said he cleared some \"files related to administrative approvals for study leave and assembly session related files\" from his first floor office. On inspecting the damaged portion belonging to the home department, Patil said, \"Files on the seventh floor were completely gutted. These will be reconstructed with the help of CP, DG office and local police station the data within a fortnight.\" Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam visited Mantralaya and held a meeting on the lawns of the building, while tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute spent some time with Bhujbal.Chavan, who held a review meeting with the officials, hinted that he would give a serious thought to \"unnecessary\" vehicles being parked on the building premises. There were allegations that these vehicles blocked fire engines from reaching the building as the fire spread.Fire retardant paints and fire resistant plywood will also be used for ministers' and secretaries cabins and other offices. Chavan has also issued directives to avoid plywood partitions by use of brick walls wherever possible. No loose wires will be kept hanging, fire resistant material (concrete vinyl) will be used for AC ducts and refuge floors will be set up. There will also be evacuation drills. Work on restoration and reconstruction of data was going on with each department assessing the extent of the documents lost in the fire. Close to 5.5 lakh files were active at the time of the fire. Teams of IT experts assisting in retrieving data from damaged computers were also at work.A team of PWD, IT and senior secretary-level officials have been assigned the task to oversee the debris removal, restoration of computers, and electrification on each floor. Chavan said that the facade would be restored or would even wear an improved look on Monday.The home minister R R Patil cleared files of officials seeking permission of the department for study leave and those relating to question hour, calling attention motion that are likely to be tabled in monsoon session of assembly. The session starts next month. Patil's office is situated on the first floor of the annexe building. He also inspected the entire building and ensured that files that were not damaged are covered with plastic sheets.The PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal signed a few letters and had lunch with tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute at his office. Later both took stock of the entire state secretariat building. Bhujbal's office is on the second floor of the Mantralaya, while Pachpute's chamber on the fourth floor is completely gutted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379442", "title": "Seized tiger skin may be fake: Forest department", "text": "PANAJI: A tiger skin seized from a resident of Sawantwadi at Porvorim recently by the police in a well-planned operation may be a fake one and will be sent to the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , for further analysis, sources said.The man identified as Sanjay Pawar and presently residing at Pilerne had been approached by a police decoy for purchase of the skin.He was nabbed and arrested under Section 51 of Wildlife Protection Act, at Porvorim on June 14, while carrying the skin in a car for sale.\"It appears to be a fake one and painted over another animal skin,\" a source said.The department will now dispatch the skin to WII for analysis and it is likely to take some time.Deepak Gadekar, president of a NGO which assisted the police in nabbing Pawar, said he is in possession of a piece of the skin and a video showing how it was smuggled. \"The forest department is trying to hush up the case by saying it is a skin of some other animal,\" Gadekar alleged. \"I took a risk and exposed the smuggling of the skin with the police,\" Gadekar further said.Principal chief conservator of forest Richard D'Souza said that the skin is yet to be sent for an analysis to WII, Dehradun. He confirmed that the department had also inspected the skin, but declined to provide details about the inspection.\"I will approach the court and file a case against the forest department for trying to suppress the case,\"Gadekar said.Police informed TOI that they conducted the panchanama and the skin was sealed in the presence of witnesses and the accused was handed over to the forest officials for further action.The accused was remanded to seven days custody by the judicial magistrate first class under the Wildlife Protection Act. Police informed that the accused has been bailed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14378898", "title": "Overflowing Siwane disrupts traffic on Ranchi-Patna highway", "text": "Hazaribag: The diversion bridge on the Siwane river, about 8km from here, was flooded due to incessant rain over the last three days, bringing movement of vehicles to a halt on Ranchi-Patna highway (NH-33). The diversion bridge was constructed in January 2010 after the 150-year-old bridge developed cracks in 2009. The diversion bridge, barely 10 feet above the river bed, was flooded after continuous rain. Movement of vehicles was suspended after river water overflowed the diversion bridge on late Saturday night. Thousands of people from Barhi, Padma and Ichak blocks commute everyday on this road.Manish Ranjan, deputy commissioner of Hazaribag, sent an SOS to the state road construction department to take up the matter urgently. He said that if the bridge is damaged or washed away life in Hazaribag would be paralyzed for an indefinite period. \"We expect the problem to be solved by the road construction department at the earliest,\" said the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14378987", "title": "Pending cases: People urged to give information", "text": "YAVATMAL:: In a bid to re-construct the gutted documents and files in Mantralaya fire, Yavatmal collector Ashwin Mudgal urged people to submit related documents at the collectorate.\"People who feel their documents or files have been damaged in the inferno should submit the copies of their correspondence made in recent past so that the re-construction work gains speed,\" Mudgal said in a press conference. \"They must submit the copies at a special centre opened at Setu office,\" he added.The Yavatmal collector received a circular from the chief secretary's office which has directed him to collect maximum records from the concerned people so that the re-construction work is done at the earliest. The departments affected by the Mantralaya fire are urban development, revenue, rehabilitation, forest, general administration, energy, water conservation, housing, tourism, transport and sales tax.\"The government has set one month's time to collect information and records which would be forwarded to the secretariat,\" Mudgal said.However, even after three days of the incident, Mudgal has no idea what files of his own collectorate have gone missing. \"I am yet to get full information on it. I would instruct the resident deputy collector (RDC) to compile them in a couple of days,\" he said.Mudgal admitted that no fire audit has been made of any government or zilla parishad office including the collectorate. \"No such fire audit has been made in last several years. I will invite the Nagpur fire engineering college team to inspect the fire-fighting system in our offices and suggest remedies,\" he said.The collector has promised to look into general fire safety measures adopted in the sky-scrappers in the city.Additional collector Indrasen Titkare and RDC Rajendra Deshmukh were also present in press meet.Regarding the fire fighting equipments and staff in the Municipal Council run Fire Brigade, the Collector said he would seek the information from the Chief Officer.When asked if the MC has any arrangement to manage/fight a sudden fire that may occur in the sky scrappers in the city which were constructed by flouting all the set norms and laws by the mighty builders, the Collector Ashwin Mudgal promised to look into the matter and immediate action would be taken against the erring officials responsible for such illegal constructions.The Additional Collector Indrasen Titkare and Resident Deputy Collector (RDC) Rajendra Deshmukh were also present at the press meet. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379868", "title": "Leakage fixed, regular water supply from today", "text": "BHOPAL: After two days of water crisis the supply will be regularized from Monday. \"After fixing a major leakage of 2-3 inches in the Kolar main gravity feeder line near Shalimar Park, the corporation is all set to regularize water supply from Monday,\" BMC PRO Virendra Tiwari said.\"We were getting yellow coloured water for the past two days, don't even know why it was yellow and whether it was filtered or not,\" says Rakesh Ahuja, a resident of Shyamla hills.However, when queried, the BMC officials expressed ignorance about the quality of water supplied on Saturday and Sunday.\"We have no clue, we will find out,\" is the standard reply of the officials. Water supply to nearly 40% of the city was affected this weekend due to the repair work of the main gravity feeder pipeline.The main feeder pipeline leaked on Wednesday afternoon wasting nearly 48,000 gallon water in 24 hours, BMC officials said. \"There was a three inch leakage in the pipeline,\" officials said. This was the third leakage in the last six months. The Kolar pipe line is 22-year-old.The corporation had ordered more than a dozen pipes for changing under the Kolar Avardhan Yojna. The pipes are still lying on the outskirts of the city. \"They could not be replaced due to technical reasons,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379084", "title": "Snakes come out crawling in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Every monsoon Bhubaneswar turns into a 'city of snakes'. After the first spell of rains, venomous and non-venomous snakes come out of their hiding places and begin to roam freely in the city.City-based NGO Snake Helpline receives 15 to 20 calls on an average daily from scared residents, and rescues about seven to eight snakes. Volunteers said both venomous and non-venomous snakes are found in huge numbers in areas like Unit-VI, Unit-VIII, Unit-IX, Chandrasekharpur, Old town, Ashok Nagar, Nageswartangi.\"During the rainy season the rat burrows and holes which snakes use for their shelter are filled with water. So they come out to drier areas for safety. Human settlements are an easy target for them. As snakes often live in sewers and nullahs, they enter homes through the toilet or bathroom when the nullahs overflow,\" said Subhendu Mallik, secretary of Snake Helpline. Venomous snakes like the spectacled cobra and Russell's vipers are found in the city these days, he added.Ashis Mohanty, a Zoology lecturer in Basic Science College in the city, said, \"Normally snakes lay eggs in such a place so that the optimum relative humidity and temperature is available from nature. If the eggs are disturbed from that place, it is very difficult to hatch on their own. \"On a positive note, snake lovers added that while earlier the tendency of residents was to kill snakes, there is more awareness now. \"The number of snakes that were killed was quite high earlier but it's almost nil now. Residents call us if they spot a snake and we immediately rescue it and then release into the wild,\" Mallik added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14382055", "title": "Police to keep tabs on aspiring goons", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police has sent out clear signals to its officers to keep an eye out for wannabe rowdies. Their intention is to counsel such persons and their parents in an apparent bid to ensure that educated and unemployed youths, who start out with petty crimes and then take to full-time rowdyism, do not tread the path. \"Nipping the problem in the bud is half the battle won,\" said DCP (Law and Order) M Muthuraya.Rejecting innuendos that city police were soft-pedalling in arresting main accused in a case where Kumar, a SC youth was murdered by local youths at Mullakadu Fourth Mile under Kavoor police station limits recently, Muthuraya addressing the monthly SC/ST meeting organized by City Police on Sunday said, \"We will keep strict watch on youths who are showing signs of becoming antisocial elements apart from the regular rowdies.\"Ramesh Kotian, a SC leader quoting media reports said police had arrested five persons in connection with the murder, but had left out Sharan, the main accused from the list of accused. P Puttamadaiah, assistant commissioner of police, Mangalore North division said that investigations and official documentation in any case had no connection with media reports and police could name any suspect an accused if evidence and circumstances warranted.Muthuraya said miscreants had waylaid and assaulted Kumar, and even though police reached the spot immediately and shifted him to hospital it was too late.\"If police were on the spot and had failed to prevent the murder, it would have been a different matter. The complainants can give police fresh statements naming additional persons on whom they have doubt in this case,\" DCP said, adding police will probe and proceed against them.To a complaint from SP Anand, a leader, about derogatory references to SC community in a programme organized by the Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy recently and also in a publication, DCP urged him to lodge complaints with the jurisdictional police station where the matter would be investigated. Anand said the telecast of the programme in a local cable television had hurt the sentiments of SC/ST community members in the area.Countering the allegations that police had failed to act against locals from whom talwars were recovered at Chembugudde under Ullal PS limits recently, Mangalore city south ACP TR Jagannath took said that Rowdy activism in Ullal was fully under control. Noting that educated and unemployed youths tend to stay out late in the area, he said police could act against them only if they proved to be nuisance to others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380326", "title": "Gupta tweaked DLF mailing address", "text": "HYDERABAD: In order to keep DLF officials in New Delhi in the dark about their shady agreement with Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), associates of Gowri Shankar Gupta used to personally collect all the correspondence that arose between the developer and the government wing.A day after Gupta's arrest, Central Crime Station (CCS) officials alleged that the realtor would make his employees stay in constant touch with HMDA officials to keep up the subterfuge. Gupta is facing allegations of having forged letterheads of DLF Ltd to enter into an agreement with HMDA for an agricultural hub at Moosapet village, in 2008.\"After illegally entering into an agreement with HMDA by forging DLF letterheads, Gupta's associates would keep in regular touch with HMDA officials to make sure that all relevant correspondence was passed by hand. If they came to know of some correspondence which was going to be dispatched directly to DLF, New Delhi, they would land up beforehand to collect the same,\" CCS assistant commissioner of police, KV Ramnarasimha Reddy, said.At the time of signing of the agreement, the address mentioned by the accused was M/s DLF SBPL Developers, Jhandenwala Extension, Naaz Cinema Complex, New Delhi.However, after some months and at the behest of Gupta, his employees approached HMDA for a change of company address to Banjara Hills Road No.1.\"The move to change the mailing address sparked HMDA's suspicions. The new address provided was DLF SBPL Developers Pvt Ltd, GS Plaza, Road No.1, Banjara Hills. The accused asked HMDA to henceforth correspond with the Banjara Hills office only,\" a police official said.But when HMDA informed DLF, New Delhi about this development, they were told that neither them nor any of their authorized signatories had ever entered into any such agreement. Officials at HMDA also learnt that DLF had not authorised any person to sign any such lease.Surprisingly, HMDA executed the lease agreement after accepting a mere photocopy of advocate S Durga Prasad's identity proof provided by the Bar Council. It was Durga Prasad who signed the lease agreement as the authorised signatory for DLF SBPL.That apart, HMDA took photocopies of the driving licences of DLF SBPL director S Manoj Sharma and Jaffer Khan, a Gupta employee, as witnesses before handing over the land.Police said that HMDA officials should have verified the credentials of the board of directors of the company and its position before granting the lease.Gupta, meanwhile, continues to be at Mediciti hospital where he was admitted after complaining of chest pain upon arrest by CCS officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14381447", "title": "Experts from IIT-K, Roorkee should review Mela works: Devesh Chaturvedi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking cognizance of alleged irregularities in the construction and widening of roads for Mahakumbh, divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi has asked the state government to seek assistance of technical experts from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kanpur and Roorkee for reviewing the work undertaken by agencies like PWD.Presiding over a review meeting of officials for Kumbh Mela, the commissioner asked the implementing agencies to strictly follow quality the norms and complete the work within the given timeframe. He said officials should also take steps to remove debris of construction works.Sources said irregularities were reported in the works related to widening and construction of roads to the tune of several crores. The role of Public Works Department has also come under the scanner with allegations of favoritism and bribery.The state government reportedly swung into action after the matter was brought to the notice of Prime Minister's office which in turn forwarded the complaint to the state urban development.The recent step taken by the divisional commissioner seeking assistance of experts from top technical institutions of the country has been attributed to the tough stand taken by the state government on following quality control norms in the Kumbh Mela work.During the review meeting, power department officials said several agencies have been engaged in the work related to shifting of electricity poles and expressed confidence that the entire work would be completed by June 30.The Irrigation department was asked to refrain from undertaking any work in the Quila Ghat area before seeking a no objection certificate(NOC) from the Army. Efforts are also underway to seek an NOC from railway authorities for laying sewer pipeline from Naini bridge.The commissioner instructed the officials of Ganga Pollution Control unit to complete the Sewage Treatment Plant at Rajapur by November. Similarly the officials of Bridge Corporation of India were also asked to clear the road underneath the flyovers by July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14379357", "title": "Pranab renews Belur Math ties, seeks blessings", "text": "HOWRAH: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee renewed a two-decade old relationship when he walked into Belur Math on Sunday and met the Ramakrishna Math and Mission's nonagenarian president Swami Atmasthananda.In 1982, as the finance minister in the Indira Gandhi cabinet, Pranab had approached the Prime Minister to release national calamity funds after 28 people were killed and 500 injured in a massive tornado at Gaighata. Indira had not only agreed, but asked her finance minister to route the funds through the Ramakrishna Mission.Swami Atmasthananda headed the mission's relief operations then. The finance minister was so impressed by the work rendered that he often said later: \"Ramakrishna Mission is second to none in relief operations.\" It isn't surprising therefore that Pranab spent close to 10 minutes with Swami Atmasthananda during his half-hour visit to Belur Math.Pranab - also the chairperson of the National Implementation Committee of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda - was initially scheduled to visit Belur Math on the Bengali new year's day, April 15. He was in Murshidabad that day and had to leave for New Delhi ahead of a crucial World Bank and IMF meeting in Washington a couple of days later.\"Two weeks ago, we received a call from the finance minister's office that he would visit the Math. He also wanted to spend some time with the president Maharaj,\" said the mission's assistant secretary Swami Subiranandaji.The unwritten instruction was that the presidential hopeful wanted a few minutes of solitude. The mission spokesperson clarified: \"This was strictly a personal visit by the chairman of the committee. Please do not draw any reference to anything else. This was supposed to be made earlier, however, but it had to be postponed till today.\"Irrespective of the nature of visit, police threw a heavy security ring around the mission complex and barred everyone - including mediapersons - from entering during the 30-odd minutes the finance minister spent at Belur Math.Pranab, with his son and Nalhati MLA Abhijit Mukherjee and PA Prodyut Guha, arrived at Belur Math from his Dhakuria home at 11.33am. He first headed for the main temple, then went to Swami Vivekananda's residential quarters and then to the adjoining temples of Sarada Ma and Swami Vivekananda. He offered floral tributes and received the prasadi garland in return. In Swami Vivekananda's quarters, Pranab touched Vivekananda's stick and pagri for a while and spent a few minutes in silence.His next stop was the president Maharaj's quarters where he was greeted by the mission vice-president Swami Prabhanandaji. They spent close to 10 minutes together. It wasn't clear what was discussed, but sources said it was only a courtesy call and Pranab sought his blessings. The finance minister left with his entourage for the Raj Bhavan to call on governor M K Narayanan soon after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378798", "title": "Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda sits up first time since helicopter crash", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda , who was on complete bed rest since his chopper crashed on May 9, sat without any support for the first time on Sunday. Officials in the chief minister's secretariat said Munda disposed of some files and read newspapers. He worked for over an hour without any problem.The chief minister also handed over media fellowship. He highlighted the importance of the media in improving the lives of people. \"This year, this fellowship will be strengthened more. To make a positive environment for films, the department will organize a film festival. Hodh Samvad and Adivasi, two newspapers will now be available in digital form in the department's e-library,\" said the chief minister.He gave away the fellowship cheques to the students. The winners of the department's photo exhibition 'Palash' were also awarded. The department for the first time organized a photo exhibition where the winners were also awarded. The Jharkhand media fellowship programme was introduced last year to promote research and investigation by the state government. Under this each person was given Rs 50,000 for research on various developmental subjects in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14381520", "title": "Local body poll remains peaceful with low turnout", "text": "VARANASI: Amidst tight security arrangements the local body election for Varanasi Nagar Nigam, Ramnagar Palika Parishad (RPP) and Gangapur Nagar Panchayat (GNP) passed off peacefully on Sunday.Low turnout of voters and erratic elector rolls did not allow the polling percentage to grow like the recently held assembly election in VNN. But, in comparison to VNN the voters in GNP and RPP showed enthusiasm in voting. The faulty electronic voting machines (EVMs) disrupted voting process at some booths while large number of youths were held from different polling centers while making bid for fake voting. Minor incidents of arguments among the supporters of candidates also took place at many localities while a youth was assaulted by some musclemen in Ausanganj in poll related dispute.The voting began at 1092 booths in the district for the VNN, RPP and GNP local body election at 7 am and continued till 6 pm. Despite the pleasant weather in morning the turnout of voters remained slow in almost all the areas of VNN and this trend continued till the end of poll process. Except old city area, popularly known as Pukkey Mohal and Bhitari Mohal and some Muslim dominated localities the colour of election was not visible in any part of the locality especially in the posh areas.Though no bid of causing disturbance was evident in and around the polling booths and polling stations, both the supporters of candidates especially for the post of corporators indulged in arguments and altercation at some place like Dalmandi, Daranagar, Pahadiya and some other places. But, timely intervention of police and PAC and strict vigilance of senior officials helped in nipping the problem in bud.In Ausanganj area under Kotwali police station a youth Uttam Kumar was attacked by some local musclemen in the morning. Uttam had returned home from Doodhmandi after selling milk.But, before he could enter his house some people started forcing him to go to polling booth to exercise his franchise. When Uttam denied to follow their instruction and said that he would go for voting after sometime, they attacked him. Uttam reported the matter to police after, which the cops rushed him to SPG hospital.Hundreds of voters had to return home without exercising their franchise as their names did not exist in the elector roll, while the names of large number of people, who have either died or have left the place, could be scene in the voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379935", "title": "Single engineering exam chaos fuels coaching class rush", "text": "MUMBAI: With the board exams just eight months away, parents are paying extra money to coaching classes to prepare their children for the upcoming board exams too, defying the purpose of a common entrance test for admissions to centrally funded technical institutions including the IITs and the NITs. Students in Maharashtra are even more affected as the class XII syllabus for mathematics and science changed this year, with textbooks made available to them just a month ago.One of the main purposes behind the centre introducing a single exam combining the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) and the IIT joint entrance exam (IIT-JEE) was to restrain the mushrooming coaching industry, which will not be achieved. Even as uncertainty looms over the common test, parents and students from the 2013 batch of class XII are anxious and infuriated by the reforms. Many of them are in fact wondering when the official notification for the new reforms will come by, with the government and the IITs still dillydallying over several aspects.A parent who had enrolled her child in a JEE coaching institute for the boards recently, said, \"Usually students prepare for their JEE from class XI itself and some take up integrated coaching from class VIII too. It is unfair for the students passing out of this batch.\" Rishabh Iyer, one of the students said, \"We do not know what format of exam we will be appearing in the next year. We want the government to at least pass the order soon.\"Another parent from Dadar said, \"The new syllabus for maths and science in the state board is so elaborate, that it is almost difficult for our children to focus on both the entrance and the board exams. Students will now have to do well even in two languages for their boards, which is not important to get into IITs/NITs. Nobody is thinking from the students' point of view.\" He added that children are now taking up additional coaching for their boards as every score will count.Pravin Tyagi, managing director, of one of the coaching institutes, said, \"Parents and moreover the students are hassled over the implementation of the new JEE from 2013. Also, why should the government force students who are not aspiring to get into any IIT but a NIT to take the advanced exam, which could be difficult for students with no aptitude.\" He added that the new system is only benefitting him as parents have been approaching him to train their students for their boards too. Several institutes are charging extra for an additional coaching for the boards.One of the faculties at IIT-Bombay said, \"Things are moving at a faster pace. The Joint Admission Board did discuss a compromise formula on Saturday. After the IIT council meeting approves it on June 27 it will be discussed by the senate of each of the IITs. We are expecting the final decision to come out by mid July.The Forum for Fairness in Education is planning to move the court soon against introducing the new JEE from 2013. The president of the forum, Jayant Jain, said, \"Our primary concern is that the new exam should not be introduced from the 2013. There are a few parents who have agreed to be the co-petitioners in the litigation that we plan to file.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379872", "title": "Two held for looting Vasant Vihar ATM, Rs 14 lakh recovered", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youths who allegedly broke open an ATM and decamped with money in Vasant Vihar after securing jobs as guards were arrested on Sunday morning.Umakant Tiwari (26) and Bindesh Yadav (21) were apprehended from Andheria More and R K Puram respectively and police recovered Rs 14.01 lakh cash from them. Cops said the duo have been planning the heist for two months.Chhaya Sharma, deputy commissioner of police (south), said that Tiwari and Yadav allegedly hatched a conspiracy two months back to steal money from an ATM after being inspired by movies and television serials .\"They carefully planned the heist by identifying a secluded ATM and tried to get a job there as guards. They also practised at home to cut iron sheet by a gas cutter. They had assumed different identities for carrying out the heist,\" Sharma said.On June 17, the duo allegedly broke into the Axis Bank ATM in Vasant Vihar and stole the money. During investigations, it came to light that the security guard, identified as Manoj (Umakant), was absent from work and his verification was not done by the security agency which provided him job. \"CCTV footage was analysed and we got to know that the security guard Manoj was fixing the tapes on the CCTV cameras after partially covering his face by wearing a cap. It was revealed that Manoj had given fake addresses to everyone,\" Sharma said.After a search was conducted in Mohammadpur area, the police team identified the owner of the premises rented by the guards. Tiwari had given his name as Rahul to the owner while Yadav identified himself as Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14381508", "title": "Nagaland Congress seeks NPF backing for Pranab", "text": "Kohima: The Naga People's Front (NPF) is yet to take a decision on its choice of candidate for the forthcoming Presidential elections, even as the Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) has appealed to the NPF to support UPA's nominee Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential poll in July.NPCC president SI Jamir appealed to NPF MLAs and its two MPs to support and vote for Pranab Mukherjee as NPF is also a part of the UPA government by extending outside support to the coalition. He also appreciated the political wisdom of UPA in fielding Pranab Mukherjee as its candidate for the post.The NPCC president said the UPA government has been sanctioning \"generous\" development funds to Nagaland and thus, people of the state should \"reciprocate\" to their generosity by supporting Pranab Mukherjee. He claimed that it is a foregone conclusion that the UPA candidate will be elected as President. He appealed to all to be part of the \"winning team\" by giving Mukherjee a thumping majority.Earlier this month Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said the NPF is yet to take any decision on its choice of candidate for the forthcoming Presidential elections. When asked whether the NPF would support the candidature of former Lok Sabha speaker PA Sangma, he said the party had not decided yet, but the party indeed had a soft corner for Sangma as he is also a tribal and from the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379097", "title": "Football fever grips Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Police Commissioner R K Pachnanda kicked off the Kolkata Police Para Football, 2012 at the Body Guard Lines on Saturday in the presence of Indian football legends Baichung Bhutia , Samar Banerjee and Sukumar Samajpati. The tournament, which turned 16 this year, is arguably one of the biggest football tournaments in India. This year it will witness participation of 577 para teams and over 10,000 youths.Six hundred matches will be played in 30 venues across the city in the next two months in this three-tier tournament - police station level, division level and final level. The first match was played between Kolkata Police Goalz and KMC 100 Days of Tala Police Station on Saturday. The tournament, a community policing initiative of the city police, started way back in 1997 in order to build community relationships. The model became so successful that even British Police adopted the model. With participation from 518 teams and 7,770 players, the tournament found a place in Limca Book of Records in 2007. The best players selected from this tournament were sent to Germany and Singapore for further training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381415", "title": "Mangalore crash: Crew's relatives move HC for compensation", "text": "KOCHI: Two years after the Mangalore air crash that left 158 dead, families of the four-member cabin crew of the ill-fated Air India Express aircraft are awaiting compensation, with one family approaching the Kerala High Court on Friday.Parents and sister of Mohammed Ali , a flight steward from Bhopal who died when the aircraft crashed on May 22, 2010, has filed a petition at the high court alleging that the National Aviation Company Ltd (the new name of Air India) is forcing them to accept a compensation limited to a maximum of Rs 35 lakh under Workmen's Compensation Act of 1923 whereas they should be treated as claimants towards compensation of an international passenger.In the petition filed through advocate Kodoth Sreedharan, the family contends that cabin crew also falls under the category of international passenger according to Carriage by Air Act of 1972 and should be paid one lakh Special Drawing Rights, which equates to Rs 75 lakh each, as stipulated by the Montreal Convention that governs compensation rules for air disasters.The family has also alleged that the aviation company is denying full compensation of Rs 75 lakh and is bargaining for lesser payment though the company has received the full insured amount from the insurer. A petition with similar contention by the father of one of the deceased passengers, Arikkad Abdul Salam, is pending before the Supreme Court. He approached the SC after a division bench of the Kerala High Court overturned a siangle bench's order asking the company to pay Rs 75 lakh as compensation.In addition to quashing the single bench's order, the division bench had granted freedom to the aviation company to decide on the compensation amount based on tortious liability and had ruled that air carriers are liable to pay only for actual damages proved by the claimants according to the Montreal Convention of 1999.Kochi: Two years after the air crash at Mangalore that left 158 dead, families of the four-member cabin crew of the ill-fated Air India Express aircraft are awaiting compensation, with one family approaching the Kerala High Court on Friday.Parents and sister of Mohammed Ali, a flight steward from Bhopal who died when the aircraft crashed on May 22, 2010 at Mangalore, has filed a petition at the high court alleging that the National Aviation Company Ltd, the new name of Air India, is forcing them to accept a compensation limited to a maximum of Rs 35 lakh under Workmens Compensation Act of 1923 whereas they should in fact be treated as claimants towards compensation of an international passenger.In the petition filed through advocate Kodoth Sreedharan, the family contends that cabin crew also falls under the category of international passenger according to Carriage by Air Act of 1972 and should be paid one lakh Special Drawing Rights, which equates to Rs 75 lakh each, as stipulated by the Montreal Convention that governs compensation rules for air disasters.The family has also alleged that the aviation company is denying full compensation of Rs 75 lakh and is bargaining for lesser payment though the company has received the full insured amount from the insurer.A petition with similar contention by the father of one of the deceased passengers, Arikkad Abdul Salam, is pending before the Supreme Court. He approached the SC after a division bench of the Kerala High Court overturned a single bench's order asking the company to pay Rs 75 lakh as compensation.In addition to quashing the single bench's order, the division bench had granted freedom to the aviation company to decide on the compensation amount based on tortious liability and had ruled that air carriers are liable to pay only for actual damages proved by the claimants according to the Montreal Convention of 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14383443", "title": "Army South Command congratulates Maharashtra Directorate NCC for wining PM Banner", "text": "MUMBAI: The Southern Commander of Army congratulated the Maharashtra Directorate on June 23 for winning the coveted Prime Minister's Banner and Trophy, since its inception and appreciated the quality of NCC training being imparted to the youth.Lt Gen Ajay Kumar Singh (PVSM, AVSM, SM, VSM, ADC, GOC - in - C, Southern Command) also praised the vast spread and coverage of NCC in the State. He directed all the officers of the directorate to continue winning with josh, jeal, dedication and sincerity to achieve the aims and terminal objectives of the NCC.He also assured the directorate of all possible assistance from the Southern Army towards betterment of NCC training and infrastructure.On Lt Gen Singh's arrival, the Army commander was received by Major Gen Yashwant Singh, additional director general, NCC Directorate Maharashtra and presented a guard of honour by the senior wing girl cadets. Later, he was introduced to the officers of the directorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381313", "title": "NET exam begins late at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University", "text": "KANPUR: The National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) passed off peacefully at four centres in the city on Sunday.Out of the registered 8,500 students, nearly 15% did not turn up. The examination was held in two shifts.At Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, the NET aspirants received question paper late by 45 minutes.The examination, which was to begin at 10.45 am, could not start at the right time after the series of the paper got mixed.Earlier, the students were thoroughly checked and the admit cards were seen before allowing them to enter the examination halls.At other three examination centres of DBS College in Govind Nagar, Kanpur Vidya Mandir PG College, Swaroop Nagar and VSSD College in Nawabganj, the examination passed off peacefully. The students said that the question paper was tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379732", "title": "Mantralaya re-run averted in North Block", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fire broke out on the first floor of North Block adjoining home minister P Chidambaram's office in New Delhi on Sunday, but there was no casualty or damage. Swift action by firemen helped douse the flames within 20 minutes, averting a re-run of the Mumbai Mantralaya inferno.Eight fire tenders dashed to North Block within seven minutes of the SOS and controlled the fire, which had spread from the staircase to a room adjacent to offices of Chidambaram and MoS M Ramachandran. The area was immediately cordoned off. None of the ministers was in office when the fire started.The police control room received information at 2:20 pm and the fire was extinguished by 2:40 pm. Later, Chidambaram and home secretary R K Singh reached North Block and ordered a probe.The cause of fire is not known, but fire brigade officials suspect a short circuit in an air-conditioner was the trigger. The Central Forensic Science Laboratory will examine the spot and ascertain the cause of fire. Delhi Fire Services chief A K Sharma said it was a minor fire near an outer window of the first floor staircase.Police commissioner BK Gupta said; \"Cigarette butts have been found at the spot. Labourers engaged in renovation work may have tossed them. The contractor will be questioned. We are investigating the matter.\"Dushyant Singh, chief security officer at the home ministry, said there was no damage to offices of the home minister. \"Fire service was informed after smoke was seen billowing out of a window. The flames were restricted to one room. There were not many people inside. The cause could be due to an electrical malfunction. I cannot confirm it now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386301", "title": "Helen Mirren among 24 Walk of Fame inductees for 2013", "text": "Dame Helen Mirren will be honoured with a star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame next year.The Oscar-winning actress is among the 24 new inductees who will receive the pavement plaque.Other film stars scheduled to receive the honour in 2013 include Ron Howard, Javier Bardem , Jennifer Hudson , James Franco and Viola Davis.From the music world, recipients include Usher, New Kids on the Block and Backstreet Boys.There are also posthumous honours for Janis Joplin and Luther Vandross .While Glee star Jane Lynch , chat show host Ellen DeGeneres and The Mentalist's Simon Baker are among the TV personalities to receive the plaque.The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce meets every June to select around 20 new inductees from hundreds of nominations.Stars who accept the honour have to pay 30,000 dollars in costs, fees and upkeep of the stars.Some of the recipients took to Twitter to talk about their new accolades.\"I feel like Lebron James and we just won the NBA title... finally!! We have been accepted for a star on the Hollywood walk of fame! Amazing,\" the BBC quoted Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter as tweeting.\"Years ago I was doin' The Walk of Shame. Look at me now,\" Futurama star Katey Sagal said.The full list of new nominees for 2013 are:Movies: Rick Baker , Javier Bardem, Viola Davis , James Franco, Ron Howard and Helen MirrenTelevision: Simon Baker, Bryan Cranston , Ellen DeGeneres, Jane Lynch, atey Sagal and Matthew PerryMusic: The Backstreet Boys, Jennifer Hudson, Jane's Addiction, Janis Joplin, ew Kids on the Block, Usher Raymond IV, Thalia and Luther VandrossLive theatre: Olympia Dukakis and Penn and TellerRadio: Steve Harvey and \"Shot Gun\" Tom Kelly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14379043", "title": "Bangalore blueprint for Birsa bus stand", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation is planning to spend of Rs 8.5 crore to renovate the Birsa bus stand at Khadgarha to match the design of bus stands in Bangalore. \"The design of the bus stand has been prepared and the work will start by next month,\" said Gopalji Tiwari, deputy CEO of RMC.The renovated bus stand will have a shade for those waiting and there will also be space for parking buses so that the people don't have to face problems in case of rains. \"There will be separate parking for buses and they will be parked according to the cities they will be departing for,\" said Tiwari. A shopping complex will also be constructed at the bus stand. Tiwari said, \"The shopkeepers of the city will be given space to put up their stalls on rent. A restaurant will also be constructed at the stand.\"The renovation of the bus stand will be helpful for the travellers, said Tiwari. \"A police outpost will be constructed at the stand for deployment of police. This way, the travellers will be safe day and night\", he said.\"The renovation of the bus stand will also help develop the area and deal with traffic jams,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "parkal", "code": "14380410", "title": "Congress Parkal review ends in clash", "text": "Parkal: Congress workers belonging to two groups clashed and hurled chairs at each other during a review meeting on Parkal bypoll debacle on Sunday. Angry workers damaged chairs and shouted slogans against party leadership.Trouble started when followers of chief whip Gandra Venkataramana Reddy raised slogans against ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah and Baswaraj Saraiah for blaming their leader for the defeat in Parkal. They also objected to the way Gandra was treated by the ministers and his followers as only a small photograph of Gandra was fixed on the party banner. at the meeting.As Gandra's followers hurled chairs on to the dais, a shocked Ponnala asked them to remain calm but his appeals fell on deaf ears. and Gandra's supporters kept shouting slogans.Soon, police entered the scene and brought the situation under control. Angry supporters later staged a dharna in front of the meeting hall to register their protest. Police took 35 activists into custody. State Mahila Congress secretary and former corporatorGandra Jyothi staged a dharna in front of Parkal police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378979", "title": "Deoghar admin gearing up for Shravani Mela preparations", "text": "RANCHI: The Deoghar district administration is leaving no stone unturned for the Shravani Mela, a month- long Hindu festival, which will begin on July 4.Deogarh SP Subodh Prasad said as against 5,000 security men deployed during Shravani Mela last year, the Deogarh administration would deploy 6,000 security personnel and officials for the mela this year.\"This time we plan to have a disaster management team at the mela on round-the-clock duty. We are expecting 55 to 60 lakh 'kawariyas' - almost twice the number of 'kawariyas' who visited the mela last year. Since the number of 'kawariyas' will be more this time, we are making a pandal for the security personnel,\" the SP said.Prasad said all arrangements from water to health facilities like ambulances will be there for any emergency situation. \"We are making arrangements to park vehicles from buses to private cars. Special forces will be deployed on 24-hour duty at the place where the 'kawariyas' will be staying. The forces will also be deployed at the bus stand and railway station,\" he SP.Prasad said a meeting was held with the other districts heads regarding security arrangements so that the 'kawariyas' coming here do not face any inconvenience.The festival is celebrated throughout the month od Sharavan, a month that is considered to be auspicious for Hindus. The Shravani fair begins at Sultanganj in Bihar. Here the devotees take holy water of the Ganga and take showers on Baba Baidyanath in Deoghar. Lakhs of devotees visit the temple every year during the month of Sawan.Shravani mela is also celebrated by people at Pahari Mandir in Ranchi. This is the second most celebrated place in Jharkhand where the Sharani Mela is held on the same day.The Pahari Mandir Development Trust is busy in the preparations. \"A music system with 20ft high speakers will be installed which will play 'bhajans' throughout the month. The number of CCTV cameras will be increased from 16 to 24 as part of the security bandobast.. The stairs will be partitioned for the convenience of devotees,\" said Hari Jalan , a member of Phari Mandir Development Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14379948", "title": "Work to electrify Dewas-Maksi railway route to begin soon", "text": "INDORE: Following the electrification of Indore-Ujjain railway route, work to electrify Dewas-Maksi railway route is likely to begin within two months. It will phase out the era of diesel engine from the region. The move is likely to reduce the operational cost by at least 20 per cent, and also help lower the pollution level to some extent.\"Indore is one of the most polluted cities in state. Hence eco-friendly railway engines will be helpful,\" said Railway PRO, Pradeep Sharma, adding the new generation loco-motive engines are more energy efficient and consume less power.Electrification of Indore-Ujjain and Dewas-Maksi railway route will together benefit around 21 trains running on these routes. Electrification work on Indore-Ujjain route has been completed and goods trains operated with electric engines will start plying on the route from Monday. Passenger trains operated by electric engines will start playing on the route from this week. Indore-Ujjain route has 13 passenger trains including Ranthambore Express, Udaipur City Express, Malwa Express, Avantika Express, Nizamuddin Express, Indore Gwalior Express, Trishatabdi express and Bhopal Passenger. All these trains can now directly come to Indore without changing their engine. Till now, trains were changing their engines from electric to diesel at Ujjain before coming to Indore.The newly laid system for the electrification of route had been build at the cost of Rs 70 crore on which trial was conducted by the head of railway electrification, MP Singh along with deputy chief electric engineer Sanjay Kumar. A team also inspected cabling work done from Manglia to Indore. The special train was run on this track at 70 km to 100 km speed per hour.Chief of Rail Electrification Project at Kota (Rajasthan) MP Singh said that a report has been submitted to Western Railway headquarters in Mumbai and good trains operated with electric engine will start plying on the route from Monday. Passenger trains with electric engines will also start plying from this week, he added.The trains which will benefited from electrification of Dewas-Maksi route includes Indore-Bhopal intercity, Panchvalley Express, Indore-Maksi Passenger, Nagpur Express, Amritsar Express, Indore-Kota Intercity, Indore Jabalpur-Intercity and Indore Jabalpur overnight Express. All the trains going towards Nagda and Raltam will also be benefitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380825", "title": "Few takers for liquor licences in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: It looks like the liquor traders from Hyderabad are not yet ready to say cheers to the new liquor licence policy announced by the state government. Though Monday is the last day for filing of applications for liquor licences, traders had applied for a mere 12 shops till Sunday noon. This when the city has been allotted 477 shops.While there are very few takers in Hyderabad, there has been a flood of applications for licences in Guntur, Krishna, Nellore and East and West Godavari districts. Market experts attribute the cold response from Hyderabad traders to the high licence fee. The curtains on the issue of new licences would be lifted by draw of lots on Tuesday.Venkateswara Rao, president of the Twin Cities Wine Merchants' Association, felt religious sentiment has played spoilsport. \"The first day of applications itself began on an Amavasya day (June 19) and in the inauspicious month of Ashada,\" he pointed out. Monday, which happens to a Panchami, is considered to be auspicious and market watchers hope that more number of dealers would be filing applications on the last day. \"In any case, there would not be more than 200 shops finding takers,\" an excise official told TOI.But unfazed by the indifference of the private dealers, the government is planning to hand over the vacant shops to the AP Beverages Corporation Ltd. It may also ask liquor manufacturers to run their own outlets. \"I see no problem with not many private dealers coming forward to bag the licence. The new policy allows the APBCL run the outlets if there are no private dealers,\" excise minister K Parthasarathi reasoned. Doing away with the auctioning system, the government had introduced the fixed licence fee system as per the new excise policy, which would come into effect from July 1. While shifting to the fixed licence fee regime, the government had decided to have price slabs depending on the population of the area where the shops are proposed. The price fixed for Hyderabad is Rs 1.04 crore. While there are 377 shops in the twin cities, another 100 shops in 5-km radius of Hyderabad have also been brought under the Rs 1.04 crore slab.The average turnover of a shop was also the basis for the fee fixation. The government calculated the average turnover considering last year's total sales -- Rs 1,965 crore -- in the twin cities and dividing it by the number of shops -- 377 -- to arrive at Rs 5.27 crore.Terming the calculation impractical, retail traders, however, lamented that the licence fee was exorbitant. They reason that the volume of sales is not uniform across the city. According to them, it comes to around Rs 3 crore.They felt that the fee should have been fixed at Rs 70 lakh.\"The higher licence fee in Hyderabad has put paid to the hopes of traders. But the response is good in places like Guntur, Vijayawada and Bhimavaram as the licence fee is affordable,\" explained Rayala Subba Rao, president, Andhra Padesh Wine Dealers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378986", "title": "Thousands sit for NET", "text": "RANCHI: More than 11,500 students from various districts of the state appeared for the national eligibility test ( NET) here on Sunday, aspiring to be college lecturers.The examination was held in two shifts - from 9.30am to 12 noon and again from 1.30pm to 4pm.Mansi, an examinee said, \"The paper was a bit tough but I am keeping my fingers crossed. If I am unable to clear this time, I will try again next time.\"The examination was held at six centres of Ranchi Women's College, Ranchi College, Gossner College, Multi Purpose examination hall, Institute of Management Studies and Institute of Basic Science.As the admit cards were being distributed a day before the examination, many applicants arrived here on Saturday and had to face problem in arranging an accommodation to spend the night. \"I came with my father from Latehar on Saturday morning but the problems started at night when we had no place to stay as the hotels are either full or too costly. Many others also faced the same problem. Thankfully we got beds in a dormitory\", said Manoj, an examinee.Rain was another problem that the examinees had to face. Raj said, \"I had to stand in the queue for the whole day on Saturday to collect my admit card and it was raining heavily. Thankfully I got the card by 3pm and left for my aunt's place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379725", "title": "INS Teg arrives in India", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Navy's Western Fleet received a fillip to its combat power with its latest acquisition-INS Teg, arriving from Russian Naval training institutes. The crew of the ship, built by M/s Yantar Shipyard, Russia, is the first of three Talwar Class Follow-on ships ordered by the Indian Navy. The frigate was commissioned on April 27 at Kaliningrad in Russia and has a crew of 24 officers and 229 sailors. tnnEarlier, the ship's crew departed from Mumbai in December 2011 for comprehensive training. tnnat Russian Naval training institutes, before commencing extensive ship trials and testing, in conjunction with a specially appointed Naval team for Delivery Acceptance. With the completion of trials, the ship was handed over to the IN and commissioned on April 27 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379498", "title": "Vaiko warns Kerala of economic blockade", "text": "COIMBATORE: MDMK leader Vaiko on Sunday warned neighboring Kerala of severe repercussions if it continued with its ongoing attempts to disrupt flow in Pambar and Siruvani River by constructing dams.Inaugurating an awareness campaign conducted by party members near Amaravathy dam in Udumalpet, Vaiko said MDMK would even resort to blocking movement of trucks carrying essential commodities bound for Kerala if the authorities do not drop the plan to build new dams. Accusing the Kerala government of a diabolic design to hinder Tamil Nadu's water needs, Vaiko claimed that the proposed dams in Pambar, the main contributor to Amaravathy dam, and Siruvani River, feeder of perennial Bhavani River, would adversely affect normal life in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts. He also warned of severe shortage of drinking water and irrigation in these districts if Kerala goes ahead with the projects.\"It is high time the state government wakes up to realities. MDMK plans to create awareness among the farming community and bring them together to fight Kerala's unilateral moves which are against the federal spirit,'' he said.The proposed dam across Pambar would render over 60,000 hectares of agricultural land as desert, he said. Over 2000 villages also would be ruined, according to him. Amaravathy dam is the prime water source for Tirupur-Karur region, he said. Vaiko and his party members walked around the dam and interacted with the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379062", "title": "Sureshwaren finishes in 11th in FIA Formula Two", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian driver Parthiva Sureshwaren finished 11th in the Race 2 of the FIA Formula Two Championship at Spa Francorchamps, Belgium, after the race was red-flagged due to the wet and wild conditions.Parthiva overcame four cars on the third lap and crossed the finish line in 7th place. However according to the Red Flag rules, the Indian had to be content with 11th position. Parthiva had earlier finished Race 1 in 11th position.The Indian showed promises in the Friday practice session, setting the fourth fastest time also his best.Unfortunately the 40-minute time-limit expired before conditions improved. The result was declared final and drivers awarded half points.A dejected Parthiva said, \"I had one of my best starts to this weekend when I finished 4th in practice. The car felt really good and I was really confident going into qualifying. I made a mistake on my fast lap which left me in 10th position, which was a shame since we could have been in the Top 6. In the race I struggled with my rear tyres and ended up just outside the points,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381332", "title": "Candidates mum on stray cattle menace", "text": "KANPUR: Stray animal menace is looming large in the city. A large numbers of stray animals like cattle, dogs and pigs freely roam on the roads. Controlling this nuisance is the need of the hour. This agenda is absent from the election manifesto of several candidates.Though the authorities of the municipal corporation make tall claims of launching special drive to trap stray animals, but the ground reality never changes. Cattle and pigs blocking traffic on busy roads is a common sight. People allege that the civic authorities and the local corporators pay no attention to the problem.\"The KMC launches cattle catching drives only when accidents happen. We are reeling under pig menace. Several complaints made to local corporator and the KMC officials failed to elicit positive response,\" said Javed, a resident of Bakarganj.Shiva, a resident of same area alleged that the roads turn deadlier at nights. \"During the day time, stray cattle roam freely while at night non-functional street lights turn the situation dangerous,\" he added.Many accidents have taken place due to animal menace in past few months.\"The problem of stray cattle menace is getting worse. There is hardly any road in the city which is free from stray animals. Commuters have to face lots of problems,\" said Dinesh, a resident of Birhana Road.Ramji, a resident of Nayaganj, said that he had complained about it to KMC authorities many times but no remedial steps have been taken.Localities like Ramadevi and areas such as Lal Bangla, Shivkatra, Ompurwa, Pokharpurwa and others also face problems. There are many curves and narrow lanes in these areas, where one can spot numerous cattle.Stray cattle also feed on the garbage accumulated in different parts of the city. One can find numerous stray cattle at garbage bins in Kidwai Nagar, Shastri Nagar, Rawatpur Road, Rail Bazaar and many more areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14378882", "title": "Eight die in Ramgarh road accident", "text": "Ramgarh: At least eight persons, including women and children, were killed and five others injured when the vehicle they were travelling in collided with a speeding truck coming from opposite direction on the Kuju-Giddi coal trunk road near Chumba village under Giddi police station in Ramgarh district late on Saturday night,. The condition of some of the injured is said to be critical.Giving details police said 15 persons of Senegarha village were returning from Totijharna Shiva temple in Ramgarh after attending a marriage ceremony when the jeep in which they were travelling collided head-on with a speeding truck. While five of the victims died on the spot, three others succumbed to injuries on way to hospital.Giddi police station in-charge Awdhesh Singh said the four of the five persons who died on the spot have been identified as jeep driver Pramod Mahto, Vikas Munda (child), Lilu Pahan and Radhe Munda. \"The body of another victim, a woman, is yet to be identified,\" Singh said.Singh said police rushed to the spot on being informed about the accident and carried out a rescued operation with the help of locals. He said the injured were immediately rushed Ramgarh town for treatment but three of them succumbed to injuries on the way. \"Some of the injured who are critical have been referred to RIMS, Ranchi,\" he added.As news of the incident spread, angry locals blocked the coal trunk road for several hours and paralyzed coal transportion. Dumpers carrying coal for the Tenughat Thermal Power Station stopped near Chumba village following protest by local residents.Meanwhile, bodies of the victims have been sent to Hazaribag for autopsy. An case of unnatural death has been registered with the Giddi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381993", "title": "TOI Interactive: Housing societies should optimize space to create recreational facilities for children", "text": "If people do not have enough open spaces for their children to play, the government is to blame. It sells open spaces to real estate developers\u2014and not always at market rates. The builders, in turn, make neat profits on every square foot they sell. I feel the government should formulate the rule that any area with 100 flats should have an open space for children to play. Also, every school in the city should have an open space for a sports complex for both indoor and outdoor sportsN MahadevanSports activities are dependent on parents' and children's attitudes. Children these days are so hooked on gadgets that they spend hours on end on cellphones, virtual games and laptops. To wean them away from these, housing societies should optimize space to create recreation facilities for children, including athletics, cycling, carom, table tennis and badmintonAjit NairChildren think of recreation merely in terms of computer or cellphone games. If at all they think beyond this, it is cricket. So, with whatever intent open spaces are reserved, they will eventually be taken over by cricket. After all, the game requires just a plank and a rubber ball. On the other hand, hockey, for example, requires a special ball and sticks\u2014not an affordable proposition for allRamesh N Hasgekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380378", "title": "Probe into IBM staffer's call-record hacking case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Commissioner of police Anurag Sharma has directed Central Crime Station to conduct an inquiry into the controversy involving IBM employee Chandrabala's phone-call details.Chandrabala had moved the state human rights commission on Friday alleging that her phone-call details had been illegally obtained by certain people and telecast by some TV channels with the intention of defaming her.The commission had ordered the police chief to conduct a probe and submit a report by July 2.On Sunday, commissioner directed CCS police to launch a probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385192", "title": "Ganesh thrilled about Kannada debut", "text": "Ganesh Venkatraman has already made a mark in Kollywood. He has now set his eyes on Sandalwood. The actor has been signed on to play the lead opposite Shriya in a Kannada-Tamil bilingual titled \" Chandra.\"Ganesh who has a lot to look foward to in the movie, is super happy and can't stop gushing The excited actor tweeted, \"Thrilled to be working with the 'legendary' Vivek sir in 'Chandra'. Luv his brand of humour. It's gonna b a lot of learning &amp; lots of fun !!\"'Chandra', Ganesh's Sandalwood debut is being made by award-winning filmmaker Roopa Iyer. As far as Ganesh's concerned, he has his calendar full with upcoming releases Pani Thuli (Tamil) in July and Damarukkam (Telugu) with Anushka &amp; Nagarjuna in August. Ganesh who has also agreed to learn Kannada will essay the role of a prince in the film. The film revolves around a reincarnation love theme with two blue blooded lead characters revealing an epic tale. Kannada actor Prem will play the other leading actor's role.'Chandra' was to earlier star Ramya aka Divya Spandana as the female lead. However, it is being said that Ramya's refusal to act with Prem (who doesn't have an impressive career record) made Shriya grab the role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379090", "title": "Ahmedabad traffic police start drive against congestion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Imagine yourself on Ashram Road five years back, zooming past other vehicles as the signal turns green. Compare the mental picture and you will find that there are at least 200 to 300 vehicles more with which you are surrounded today.The citizens have more than 17 lakh vehicles as of today and the number is growing by 4,000 every month. While the infrastructure remains the same, the extra vehicles cause congestion that is faced by every commuter on the roads. On the top of it, work on various projects including flyovers and BRTS corridor has thrown the normal traffic out of gear. To address the issue, the city traffic police have started drive to identify the congestion points and fix them.Talking about the initiative, Siddharth Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that they have made a list of the complaints coming from the citizens on traffic helpline 1095 and feedback from personnel deployed at various traffic points. \"We chose those points with the maximum number of complaints and studied them in detail. We found many points such as on the road parking congestion by heavy vehicles and autorickshaws and presence of hawkers are common, apart from the ongoing road engineering and public construction work. We, thus, worked out a strategy and have managed to address the issue,\" he said.Giving an example, Khatri said that Ellisbridge had been a headache for both estate department and traffic police as hawkers selling fruits refused to budge from the side of the bridge. In the peak hours, it would create mayhem. \"Simple detention or seizing the carts didn't solve the problem. Hence, we asked them to step down from the bridge and provided a spot below it. We also levied stricter sections of IPC that did the trick,\" he said.Another spot that got cleared was Narol circle, an important junction for commuters to go towards Vadodara or Sanand. Commuters parking their vehicles and leaving was the main problem. \"We made the constables and higher officials responsible for the circles allotted. For any subsequent complaint, they would have to answer. Moreover, we asked the heavy vehicles to park ahead of the circle and asked the autos to shift to dedicated zone. Today, the circle is manageable,\" said a senior traffic police official.Khatri said that work is on to decongest many of the road stretches. \"We have also written to the civic authorities to complete some of the work for the purpose and have sought their cooperation to get notice in advance about the developmental projects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14379774", "title": "Three Dahod boys drown in Kaali dam", "text": "VADODARA: Three young boys drowned in Dahod on Sunday afternoon. The trio had gone to Kaali Dam about 10 kilometers from Dahod town on an outing. They were accompanied by their two other friends. They all reached the spot by 11 am and decided to swim in the dam.According to the police, the three went too deep into the water. Sources said that the trio entered the dam water at about 1:30 pm and their friends decided to stay at the bank. The boys suddenly got dragged into the water and cried for help. Their friends noticed their desperate cries and called for help. However, the locals couldn't save them in time.The deceased have been identified as Nirmal Jethwani, 18, Hitesh Tolani, 20 and Adil Amin, 18, all residents of Dahod. According to the locals, Kaali Dam is a famous picnic spot in Dahod and lot of families from the district throng the spot on weekends and holidays.The bodies of the deceased were fished out by the fire brigade officials within hours of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385031", "title": "Sanjay Masoom to write dialogues for Raaz 3", "text": "After writing dialogues for Hrithik Roshan's Krrish sequel, Allahabadi dialogue writer Sanjay Masoom has a new responsibility on his shoulders. He has been roped in to write the dialogues of Raaz-3.But what seems to be more interesting is the fact that the writer has also been roped in to write the songs in the movie which he is quite excited about. \"I am more happy for the fact that I will be writing the songs. Writing dialogues is very different from writing songs,\" avers the writer and adds, \" In india music will always hold a special place and I am happy that I am being able to contribute to that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379607", "title": "63% polling in first phase, SEC orders repoll in Meerut, Etawah", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amidst marginal increase in poll percentage, incidents of violence and rigging continued to mar the local bodies' elections in 17 districts of the state, where voting took place on Sunday.The problem attained serious proportions in Meerut and Etawah, where the state election commission had to order repolling at four and one booth respectively. Repolling in these booths will be held on June 26.In Etawah, which happens to the home district of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , miscreants barged into a polling booth (number 115 in ward number 15) in a primary school of Mohalla Sati and created ruckus. They allegedly tore of the ballot papers and pour water in the ballot boxes. Polling in this booth was not conducted with the EVMs. A red faced commission had to stop the polling immediately.Likewise in Meerut, some persons tried to cast fake votes at a polling centre in Dayawati Public School. The district administration immediately cancelled the polling process and ordered repoll in four booths (52, 52A, 53 and 54).State election commissioner, Satish Kumar Agarwal said, \"Barring these two instances, polling across the state passed off peacefully. However, instances of voters name missing from the list continued to emerge from almost all districts where elections were held in the first phase.\" Voters complained about their names missing from the list even though they had voted in the assembly elections.The average polling percentage in 17 districts taken together is expected to rise, although marginally. While it was 60% in 2006, the final polling percentage recorded by the commission 63%.Amongst the municipal corporations, it was Varanasi where polling percentage witnessed a rise of almost 10% in comparison to 2006. While, in 2006, 44% voters turned up to cast their votes to elect their mayor, the figure rose to more than 55% until last reports came in. Saharanpur also recorded a higher percentage, up from 65% in 2006 to around 74% this year. Moradabad, however, witnessed a sharp fall with only around 55% of the voters turning up in comparison to 61% in the last municipal elections. Incidentally, Moradabad happened to the only municipal corporation which had a SP mayor. This year, SP disallowed its workers to use election symbol, while contesting the elections. Similarly, Etawah, the stronghold of SP, also recorded a plunge in voting percentage from 55% in 2006 to around 54% this year.Among other districts, where polling percentage dropped include: Ballia, Budaun, Firozabad, Gonda, Fatehpur and Deoria. Two districts of Bundelkhand -- Hamirpur and Lalitpur - however saw a higher turnout. Hamirpur saw around 66% voters turning up at polling booths in comparison to 63% in 2006. Lalitpur recorded a voting percentage of 69% in comparison to around 66% last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378959", "title": "JMM urges Shibu to take a call on presidential poll", "text": "RANCHI: The core committee of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Sunday authorized party supremo Shibu Soren to take a final decision on whom to support on the presidential poll.The decision came close on the heels of presidential poll candidate P A Sangma's claim that the JMM would support him in the election. The JMM has 18 MLAs and three MPs.After an hour-long meeting of the core committee, the party unanimously authorized Soren to hold talks with leaders of the UPA and the NDA along with the two candidates - Pranab Mukherjee and Sangma - and take a final decision to extend support during the election.JMM spokesperson Sypriyo Bhattacharya said Soren would visit New Delhi in the first week of July to hold discussions with both the UPA and the NDA camp. \"It would have been better if there was a consensus candidate for the top post. Now when both the camps have decided that there should be an election, we will take a final call after discussing every aspect related to the election,\" said Bhattacharya.According to sources in the JMM, since the party is running a government in Jharkhand in alliance with the BJP , it wants to take a decision only after weighing all pros and cons.Last time, Soren, who was a Lok Sabha MP, voted in favour of the UPA during a cut motion in 2010. \"We would like to vote in Sangma's favour,\" said a JMM leader who was present in the core committee meeting.Another ally of the Arjun Munda government, the Ajsu Party, has decided take a final decision regarding the presidential poll after June 28. \"Let the candidates file their nomination paper, we will convene a meeting of the party and take decision then,\" said a senior leader of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "14380248", "title": "Mom and daughter salute sun together", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: The sun protection shrugs are on, snug-fit training capris rolled up and fringe headbands hold the hair in place. \"Mamma\" Indu and eight-year-old Kainaat are ready to scat to Sarabha Nagar for their 90-minute barefoot escape. While other parents and kids will dunk into pools, scoot to paved park trails or collect at cookery classes, this mother-daughter duo will offer salutes to sun, pose like a tree and recline their lunge.\"It's a bonding time, you see. We'll bust our calories together and learn the better ways of life,\" smiles Pakhowal Road homemaker Indu Arora, beckoning her daughter. Kainaat is attentive and prompt. \"Look at my Sachin Tendulkar pose,\" she screams. Soon, the two bring their heads flat on the floor, slide the palms and tuck their back toes.They learn the complex poses \"ardha shirshasana\", \"yoga mudra\", \"aumvilomb\" and \"ardhmukhi\". The ones that nourish skin and hair, of course are favourites for obvious reasons.While Indu is an eight-year-old veteran in yoga and fitness exercises, Kainaat has only recently started joining her mother. Regular stomach cramps, gastroenteritis, sleeping and eating disorder had left Indu anxious and worried.Indu's husband is her fitness 'helpline'Pakhowal Road resident Indu Arora bonds with her eight-year-old Kainaat over regular sessions of yoga.Like many who are taking to a healthier lifestyle due to the high levels of stress, Indu too took to yoga to beat the worries like stomach cramps, gastroenteritis, sleeping and eating disorder.\"I don't want that to happen to my kids. Ludhiana's lifestyle taxes and zaps you,\" she says. The modest 35-year-old, however, is quick to give the credit to a certain \"helpline\". \"Yes.That's what I call my husband. I dial him for any fitness issue. Right through the courtship days, marriage and after that, he has egged me on to stay fit,\" she tells.Indu also adds that socializing is still part of her life. The dates for afternoon soirees, coffee evenings, and occasional comic capers at multiplexes with her friends are blocked in advance. She has even grouped her circuit of pals into categories.The all-female jamboree includes her mentors Shelly Nair, Madhu Gupta, Dimple Gupta and so on. And then there are the couple groups: Amit and Vibha and Mohit and Jeena. \"You need that outpour of emotions and socializing. So that's where the yoga comes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379399", "title": "Adeus turtles: Navymen free flippered visitors", "text": "PANAJI: Two juvenile marine turtles rescued at Mandrem beach last Monday were released in the deep sea by the Indian Navy in a touching finale to the reptiles' offshore itinerary.An Olive Ridley turtle and a Hawksbill sea turtle were handed over by traditional fishermen to the forest department after they landed in their fishing nets amidst murky sea conditions. They were treated for their minor injuries the by Assagao-based NGO, International animal rescue.The forest department and a volunteer of International Animal Rescue requested Flag Officer Commanding Goa Naval Area (FOGA), Indian Navy, Rear Admiral Balvender Prahar to help in their rehabilitation. \"The navy responded by offering to release the turtles,\" a source said.The two juvenile turtles were handed over to Commander A K Singh and Commander Atul Pillai, officers on duty for board INS Sujata on June 21, 2012. On Friday morning, INS Sujata, the 2000-tonne vessel sailed out with the precious cargo of a few kg.Around 20 miles off the Goa coast, the tiny flippered reptiles were gently lowered in a bucket by turns. \"We dropped them clear of any kind of ship traffic and trawler fishing,\" said Commander P K Prabhala, public relations officer for Flag Officer Commanding Goa (FOGA) Naval Area, Indian Navy.Two sailors were entrusted the custody of the juveniles while the ship was berthed at Mormugao port. They were deposited in a tub of sea water, which had to be replenished after frequent intervals. \"The sailors had become emotionally attached to them,\" Prabhala added.When they were being released, the crew was quite delighted and even a wee bit sad. They watched them till they disappeared from view. \"It was a beautiful sight to see the lovely turtles swim out from near the ship into a beautiful blue ocean,\" Prabhala said.Forest department officials, turtle lovers and NGOs were keen to ensure their release in safe waters. \"Releasing them close to the shoreline would have possibly resulted in their death due to choppy sea conditions. There were also no boats venturing out to the sea,\" a Mandrem-based turtle lover said.After the joint exercise, which kept the juveniles on land for almost five days, turtle lovers are happy about their rehabilitation. \"They should be safe now and follow the migratory route to their foraging ground,\" Sujeet Kumar, programme coordinator,centre for environment education said.For the navy, it is also an occasion to remember. \"The ship had not sailed for a considerable time and the release of turles is an auspicious occasion for us,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385163", "title": "Yahan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli to go off-air", "text": "TOI was the first to report about Rajshri Productions' family drama 'Yahan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli' aired on Zee TV being under the scanner.But the latest information that we have gathered is that the show will soon bid adieu to its fans.'Yahan Main Ghar Ghar... has been successfully entertaining the audience since last two and a half years. However, the show has not managed to impress viewers off late and has been witnessing a dip in TRPs.So the channel has taken a decision and 'Yahan Main Ghar... will be replaced by Jay Mehta Productions 'Rab Se Sona Isshq' .Sources inform that the show will go off air on 14th July 2012.When contacted, Suhasi Dhami (Abha) said, \"Yes, Yahan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli is going off-air next month. The beautiful journey of Karan and Abha will come to an end but in a beautiful and nice way. I had an amazing time working on the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384891", "title": "Live shows will always have a market: Devan Ekambaram", "text": "The singer-composer of \"O Mariah\" fame, vouches for live shows and terms his recent concert at Stanes AIHS School in the city the most vibrantIn the age of dappankuthus and studio mixes, this musician feels live music still has it's following.Devan Ekambaram, who shot to fame with the hit numbers \"O Mariah\" and \"Ore Nyabagam\", is going all out to promote live shows, which feels are the true indicator of musical talent.\"I have performed in several live shows all over the country and abroad to packed stadiums, and decided to work on the concept of live music in this era of remixes and studio mixes. Live shows are the best indicator of a musician's skills and talent,\" he says.Having done many live shows in the city, Devan terms his recent concert at the Stanes school grounds the most satisfying.\"It was great to see a healthy turn-out despite the rains which almost threatened to cancel the show, and the crowd was humming along to all our numbers, which is a real motivator in a live show,\" he stresses.Devan also has words of praise for the musical genius of A R Rahman, who gives an artist complete freedom to explore his versatility.\"Rahman gives you the dough, and leaves it to the singer to add his toppings to make it a delicious combination. In simpler words, he manages to tap the innate talent of any artist through his compositions, by giving him complete freedom,\" the Ore Nyabagam crooner says, admiringly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379116", "title": "Deities get new herbal make-up ahead of Hera Panchami", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Make-up men (banakalagi servitors) of Jagannath temple in Puri were busy beautifying the deities on Sunday in view of the Hera Panchami ritual at Gundicha temple on Monday.The reigning deities of the 12th century shrine are currently holidaying at Gundicha temple, believed to be their birthplace.\"A new make-up is necessary as the faces of the deities were spoiled on the Rath Yatra day. The paintings on the idols were damaged while they were being taken out of sanctum sanctorum onto their chariots,\" said Sanjay Kumar Duttamohapatra, a banaklagi servitor. The face make-ups of the deities were smudged owing to the heavy rush of devotees on the chariots. Many devotees seize the opportunity to embrace the idols.Herbal products like hartala, hengula, karpura, kasturi and kaintha gum were used for the facial. According to sources, nine servitors were engaged in beautifying the faces of the deities with the mixture of the herbal paints. The practice continued for nearly seven hours.It took nearly 15 days for the artists to prepare the herbal mixture consisting of four colours--black, white, red and yellow, sources said. Devotees from several places donate the herbal products every year during Rath Yatra, sources said.\"Just as human beings beautify their faces for a big occasion, the sibling deities also get braced up for Hera Panchami. Fresh coats of painting were applied two days before Rath Yatra,\" said Duttamohapatra.According to sources, the painting of the lord's face is done for nearly seven times a year, besides on the occasion of car festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14382183", "title": "Training programme for student police launched", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city police, here, have launched a special training drive for student police cadets (SPC) in carrying out rescue operations during fire mishaps, accidents and other natural calamities.An expert team of trainers comprising fire and rescue and police personnel, officials of geology and other departments have already been constituted for the purpose.\"We are planning theoretical as well as practical sessions for the students to teach them the need to logically follow a scientific rescue operation method during calamities,\" said K Radhakrishnan, assistant commissioner of the narcotic cell, who is also the district nodal officer of the SPC scheme. Practical lessons will be imparted to the students with the help of mock drills. Precautions to be taken to minimize the damage will also be taught.District police chief G Sparjan Kumar inaugurated the first phase of the training at the collectorate conference hall, here, on Sunday. Assistant divisional officer of fire and rescue services Arun Bhaskar, who led the programme on Sunday, directed the SPCs to understand the nature of accident or disaster before commencing rescue operations. He described the possible hurdles while handling each situation.Fire and rescue personnel from Vellimadukunnu fire station explained the operation of hydraulic spreader, CO2 extinguisher, water mist, dry chemical powder and other instruments.In the coming days, students will be trained in rescuing victims of road accidents and other mishaps, said Radhakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379428", "title": "Govt fails to regulate preprimary schools", "text": "PANAJI: The state government's efforts to bring preprimary schools operating in Goa under its control does not seem to have taken off for yet another academic year without the necessary legislation to regulateoperations of these playschools.The directorate of education (DoE) called upon preprimary schools to register with it in June, 2010, and over the last two years, 300 of an estimated 700 preprimary schools, registered with the directorate.The state council for educational research and training (SCERT) was to develop a syllabus involving the 'play-way' method to be implemented in the schools from the current academic year, so the schools could impart a uniform syllabus.But the drive to regulate preprimary education seems to have ended with registration of the 300 schools as the Goa School Education Rules, 1986, do not have provisions that make it binding on them to implement a fee structure and syllabus or to provide for basic infrastructure recommended by the state government.As the government does not provide financial assistance to the schools or has a syllabus ready for implementation, the schools have no motivationas well to register on their own with the DoE and allow the state to dictate terms.The lack of control allows preprimary schools to operate from even dingy premises and to impart a syllabus which is inappropriate for early years of learning.\"There is no move so far to regulate preprimary education as of now during the current academic year,\" an official source said.The Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, makes it binding on states to provide free pre-school education to children from the age of three to 6 years.The Act sees preprimary schooling as 'early childhood care and education' that prepares children for primary school.Goa officials were to study a legislation of the Tamil Nadu government, which even provides the government the right to inspect preprimary schools from time-to-time and check their balance sheets.But without any progress in the direction, the registration of preprimary schools has not served any purpose. As much as 26% of the enrolment in primary schools in urban areas of Goa and 13% in rural areas is enrolled in a preprimary school before entering Class I, according to the statistics of National University of Educational Planning and Evaluation (NUEPA) of the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry for the year 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380212", "title": "Chaos over admit cards at NET centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 47,000 candidates took the national eligibility test (NET) at 105 centres in Delhi, the University Grants Commission said.However, there was some commotion at the Indraprastha University headquarters in Dwarka Sector 16 where about 200 candidates claimed that they had not received their admit cards. UGC officials said candidates appearing for the examination have to download their admit cards from the website of the university concerned.As a matter of exception, UGC allowed the candidates to take the examination at the centre. \"In spite of the negligence on the part of the candidates, the centre coordinator permitted them to take the test.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379971", "title": "Lorry driver run over by Indica", "text": "BANGALORE: A lorry driver who alighted from his vehicle and was walking to the other side where a posse of commercial tax officers was waiting for him, was run over by a Tata Indica cab. This happened near Nayanahalli Gate on Doddaballapur Main Road on Sunday.Irshad Khan, 39, was driving his steel-laden lorry from Doddaballapur when he was stopped by a commercial tax officer around 10 am near Nayanahalli Gate. The officer asked Khan to talk to his superior officers who were standing on the other side of the road. Khan began crossing the road and when he walked past the media, a speeding Tata Indica car hit him, killing him on the spot.The cab driver fled the spot leaving his vehicle behind. An angry mob damaged the cab.A 19-year-old milk vendor died on Sunday after a water tanker hit his moped in CV Raman Nagar. Ajay Thomas, a resident of Pai Layout in KR Puram, had gone to Kaggadasapura to supply milk.Around 7.30am, he was taking a right when the tractor hit him head on. He died on the spot.The driver abandoned the vehicle and fled. Police said the tractor bore a Tumkur registration number and they were looking for the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381555", "title": "BJP slams Pranab for 'ignoring' northeast as finance minister", "text": "GUWAHATI: The BJP's northeast chapter has intensified its criticism of UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee and defended its decision to support Purno A Sangma.P Chandra Shekhar , BJP's northeast organizing secretary, said that Mukherjee as a finance minister did nothing for the development of the region. \"Pranab Mukherjee has failed as finance minister for this region because he did nothing for the Northeast. Mukherjee paid little attention for development of highways in the region,\" Shekhar said.With rising prices of essential commodities becoming a countrywide issue for opposition parties, BJP said that the northeast has been the worst hit by inflation. Shekhar also blamed Mukherjee for failing to check rising prices and letting the northeast people suffer.The BJP leader said that price rise and rampant corruption have made life miserable for the northeast's common people. \"Financial irregularities are rampant across the northeast. Moreover, escalating prices of essential commodities have left people in a lurch. In Mizoram, price of a bag of cement has reached Rs 450, while LPG cylinder fetches more than Rs 1,000 in the black market. We in BJP feel that people have suffered because of his (Mukherjee's) financial policies,\" Shekhar alleged.Shekhar, however, said that its support for Sangma was a right decision because the party was serious on overall development of the northeast. Senior BJP leaders claimed that support for Sangma was a continuation of the party's engagement with the region and wanted to see a tribal from northeast as the next President.\"BJP has always been northeast-friendly and has pursued its development. We are supporting Sangma because we strongly feel a tribal and a Christian from northeast should be the President of India,\" Shekhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379928", "title": "No respite from stuffy weather for some time", "text": "BHOPAL: Uncomfortable hot and humid weather conditions will continue for some more time before the monsoon hits Bhopal. Absence of low-pressure area has made it difficult to predict arrival of monsoon in Bhopal and the western region, including Indore, of the state.Consequently, afternoons are again sultry making people sweat a lot. The respite in form of pre-monsoon showers vanished with dissipation of rain clouds, especially in and around Bhopal, western and northern Madhya Pradesh.The maximum temperature has inched towards 40 degrees Celsius mark at a majority of places. It continues to be hot in places like Gwalior and adjoining districts of northern part of the state, weathermen said.And with officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle ruling out presence of any fresh low- pressure area over the state, chances of respite are bleak in near future.Maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 42.1 degrees and 24.2 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 38.1 (+3) degrees against a minimum of 26.9 (+2) degrees C. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 36.6 (+3) degrees and 24.2 (00) C as the minimum temperature there.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 42.1 (+3) degrees and a minimum of 32.8 (+5) degrees. On the other hand, Jabalpur recorded a maximum and minimum temperature of 37.8 (+1) and 26.4 (00) degrees Celsius.Rain and thundershowers are likely at Jabalpur, Sagar, Rewa and Shahdol and a few places over rest of the state on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381841", "title": "Seminar on admissions to guide students", "text": "Can I make it to any of the good colleges in Delhi University (DU) with a 91.25% in class XII in the commerce stream?\" asked Apoorva Khosla, a DU aspirant, at the mission admission seminar recently organised by The Times of India, with experts from the university addressing student queries and guiding them to make the right choices ahead of the admissions.The day-long seminar was an integrated campaign to equip applicants with the right knowledge about undergraduate courses to pursue at DU. Experts addressed students on admissions, colleges and courses offered and other aspects of DU too.JM Khurana, dean, students' welfare, DU and PC Jain, principal, Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), were part of the expert panel fielding questions from students and parents on upcoming cutoffs and possible options for students in various streams.Most queries raised by students revolved around the college-and-course-dilemma . While many were confused if they must go by the course or opt for a better college, a number of them enquired about the future scope of a particular course.\"I wish to pursue psychology, but my parents are not convinced about the subject as they feel there is not much scope for a career,\" said one of the aspirants. In response , Khurana, said, \"If you feel strongly about your choice of the subject, you must opt for it. Psychology is a specialised course and is much in demand amongst students. It is an inclusive course with many good career avenues. Students can become counsellors , work for government agencies on special projects, or even get employed with MNCs, which look for students with this kind of a background.\"A good number of aspirants enquired about the placement prospects available in different colleges, while many who were interested in journalism, but missed on the entrance exams for DU colleges, wanted to know if other options were open to them. Responding to the queries, one of the experts stressed that colleges are academic institutions, however most colleges have a placement cell in place, but students should focus on their academic growth and a good job will follow ultimately.For those who want to pursue journalism courses, but have failed to take the entrance exam, experts recommended either taking up the course at the postgraduate level or try joining other universities offering the programme.Several questions including the all-time high cut-offs , lack of professional courses in DU, were raised by both students and parents.In a word of advice, experts suggested that students must not worry about the high cut-offs . Though the first and second cut-off lists, they said, are likely to be high, there will be room for deserving students in the rest of the three lists. For students who cannot make it to regular courses in DU, can look for professional courses in other universities, which is an equally good option.Student queriesIf all DU colleges are equal, why the big difference in cut-offs for some colleges as compared to the others? Should I go for the BA programme at St Stephen's or opt for English (H) at Indraprastha College, as I want to pursue a career in mass communication? Will I have better career opportunities if I opt for a BA (H) in psychology and later on an MBA in HR? Is there a placement cell in every college? What college can I get admission in for BCom (H) with a 90.1% aggregate in class XII? Is it mandatory to have mathematics in class XII if I want to pursue economics (H)?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14381558", "title": "Three teens on Sunday picnic drown near Asi Ghat in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Three teenaged boys drowned into the Ganga on the opposite bank of Asi Ghat while two succeeded in coming out of the water safely.Rishabh (17), Satyam (16), Monu (17), Akash and Rishu, all the natives of Chitaipur, Bhikharipur and adjoining localities planned to go on picnic on the eve of opening of their schools on Sunday. Initially they reached Asi Ghat where they hired a boat and reached the opposite bank. After playing there for sometime, the boys jumped into the river for bathing.Monu started drowning suddenly. His friends tried to rescue him. In the process, Satyam and Rishabh also drowned. The people present there and boatmen made efforts to rescue the boys and succeeded in saving Akash and Rishu.Elsewhere, in Jairampur village, under the limits of Adalhaat police in Mirzapur district, Shambhu Yadav (18) drowned in the Ganga canal on Sunday. He was working in his field. To wash his hands, he reached the canal flowing near his field and slipped into the water.Woman dies: Mystery shrouds the death of Puja (18), a native of Churk township in Sonebhadra district on Sunday. After completing her works at kitchen, she went inside her room. After sometime, she came out engulfed in flames. It was not clear whether she had committed self-immolation or someone set her on fire. Her family members rushed her to hospital but she died on the way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14378914", "title": "AISFA to honour tribal mountaineer Binita Soren", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The All India Santhali Film Association, (AISFA), which has been organizing the tribal film festival in the city for the last few years, is planning to stage a one-day Santhali film festival on June 27. Selected tribal films in Santhali produced by artists of West Bengal Bihar, Orissa and Jharkhand will be screened at the event. The AISFA also said that it will screen a few documentaries highlighting empowerment of tribals.\"We will also release a DVD of the recently held Jharkhand Cine Award-2012,\" AISF president Ramesh Hansda said on Sunday. He added that the highlight of the event will be the felicitation of two city-based mountaineers, 25-year-old tribal woman Binita Soren and Meghlal Mahato, who climbed Mount Everest on May 26 along with Rajendra Pal Singh, who is the brother of ace mountaineer Bachendri Pal Singh. \"I won't disclose the amount, but AISFA will also honour the two mountaineers with cash,\" said Hansda, who is also the district president of the ruling Jharkhand Mukti Morcha.Expressing displeasure with the state government for not announcing cash rewards for the the two mountaineers, Hansda said Binita is the first from the tribal community of the state to climb Everest and Mahato hails from an economically poor family and they deserved to be honoured. \"We will pressure party leader Hemant Soren (deputy chief minister) and Sudesh Mahato (also deputy chief minister in-charge sports ministry) to announce a cash award to the two.\"Binita and Meghlal have set a benchmark for other tribal and backward youths to aspire for big things and if the government fails to recognize their effort we would be forced to pressure them,\" said Hansda, adding that a party delegation will soon meet the two deputy chief minters of the state in this regard.In the past, Hansda had had taken to the streets for a similar cause demanding a government job to International archer Jhanu Hansda after she won a medal in the international meet few years ago.Expressing concern over state government's apathy towards the tribal talents he said if tribal talents are not recognized than perhaps the aspiring youths of the community will take up wrong path. \"It becomes all the more important for the government of the Maoist infested state to be sincere and sympathetic towards the achievers of the tribal community,\" said Hansda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379393", "title": "Film scribe B K Karanjia passes away", "text": "PUNE: Renowned film journalist and former chairman of the National Films Development Corporation (NFDC) Burjor K Karanjia (92), popularly known as 'BK', passed away at the Jehangir hospital here at 1.15 pm on Friday. He was cremated on Sunday.He is survived by two daughters - Routton and Delshad - and son Yuzud.\"My father was active till recently. He practiced yoga and was in a fairly good health. He didn't suffer from any chronic ailments,\" said Karanjia's daughter Delshad Kumana.He had developed pneumonia, following which he was rushed to the Jehangir hospital on June 20. \"He was admitted around 12.30 pm on Wednesday. His condition started deteriorating and he died at the hospital at 1.15 pm on Friday,\" Delshad said.Karanjia had moved to Pune in 2007. \"He was staying in a flat at Sopan Baug. We had a servant and a caretaker to look after him. Besides, I would visit him often. My brother, Yuzud, who stays close by, would also take care of him.\"She said, that her father had suffered a hip fracture in 2010. \"He had undergone a surgery and recovered miraculously. He had even started to walk. Barring a problem in swallowing, he had no other health problems,\" Delshad said.\"He would never watch television. He was a loner and would prefer to read a lot.\"The Karanjia family moved to India from Quetta after Partition. He had named his south Mumbai residence as 'Quetta Terrace', which stood a short distance away from the historic Jinnah House.Karanjia's elder brother, Russy K Karanjia, also a well-known journalist, had died five years ago.Karanjia had qualified for the Indian Civil Services. However, he chose to pursue entertainment and film journalism , while Russy pursued investigative journalism. Karanjia avoided film parties and had a strong distaste for them. After doing stints as a reporter, he went on to become the editor of Filmfare, Screen, Cine Voice, Movie Times and authored several books on the entertainment industry.Karanjia was the founder of the Films Financing Corporation. He later became the NFDC chairman and set a precedent to finance high quality, low-budget movies for new and talented filmmakers, instead of doling out aid to big filmmakers or banners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14383879", "title": "Double trouble for Bol Bachchan", "text": "Financier Raju Shah and the film's producers lock horns over dues worth Rs 36 crore and dishonoured cheques worth Rs 8 croreClose on the heels of Nagpur-based builder Appu Wadhwani filing a case against the makers of Bol Bachchan , the Ajay Devgn-Abhishek Bachchan starrer is headed for even more trouble.Film financier Raju Shah is moving court today against Ashtavinayak, alleging they owe him monies to the tune of Rs 36 crore. And that's not all. Apparently, Ashtavinayak gave Shah post-dated cheques amounting to Rs 36 crore, of which cheques worth Rs 8 crore have bounced.Shah, who has worked with Ashtavinayak on Blue , Khatta Meetha and Rockstar , told us, \"Ashtavinayak owes me Rs 36 crore and gave me post-dated cheques to that effect. I was supposed to deposit Rs 17 crore till June 30. Accordingly, I deposited Rs 8 crore but was told by the bank on Friday that the cheques have been dishonoured.\"Shah had a fallout with Ashtavinayak during Rockstar, but never made it public, till now. \"We went ahead with Bol Bachchan simply because we thought things would improve. Of the Rs 41 crore they owe us, they returned Rs 5 crore during Rockstar but we are going mad trying to recover the remaining Rs 36 crore,\" said Shah.A friend of Shah revealed they were also supposed to produce Bhagam Bhaag, Abhishek-Aishwarya starrer Ladies and Gentleman and Kunal Kohli's Saif Ali Khan-starrer with Ashtavinayak but none of the films went on floors. And while Saif Ali Khan returned the signing amount, they never got back their money. The latest being the shock at discovering Rs 8 crore had bounced.When we tried contacting Raj and Dhillin Mehta (who is the signatory) of Ashtavinayak, they remained unavailable for comment. However, their official spokesperson said, \"We have stopped the cheques which Raju Shah has deposited as there is no money payable to him. In fact, we have a huge claim against Raju Shah and we are contemplating legal action against him.\"Interestingly, Ashtavinayak, had promised Shah in a letter dated June 4, 2012 (we have a copy) that they will not release Bol Bachchan till they clear their dues. \"Is this how promises are kept? When we deposited the Rs 8 crore in cheques, they bounced (we have a copy of the bounced cheques),\" said Yash, Raju's son. Buzz is, not only Shah but even Eros International has filed a legal suit against Ashtavinayak for dues amounting to Rs 8 crore.Ashtavinayak's spokesperson rubbishes these claims: \"Despite making payments, they have filed false claims against us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14381553", "title": "No rainfall likely anytime soon in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The Indian meteorological department predicted that the city may not receive rain in the next four to five day, after a brief relief from scorching sun when the region witnessed rainfall for a 2-3 days recently.According to multi-model ensemble-based district level weather forecast of Indian meteorological department ( IMD) issued on Sunday, the region may witness no rainfall till June 28. The forecast says that the maximum temperature, which was 34 degree Celsius on Saturday, may again reach around 43 degrees Celsius in next five days.As per the forecast, the region may witness a decreasing trend in the maximum humidity which stood at 63 per cent on Sunday. The maximum relative humidity may also decrease, which could result in a dry and hot weather.The forecast also states that the condition may worsen as the wind speed in the region is expected to show a decreasing trend from a maximum of 22 kmph to 7 kmph. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14380705", "title": "Stonehenge wasn't built by aliens: Report", "text": "LONDON: It is official. Stonehenge was not built by aliens. Nor is it a place of healing, or a temple of the ancient druids, a decade-long study has suggested. The study claims that the monument was built to cement a new East West alliance between the former warring tribes of Britain as the country started to become a United Kingdom after centuries of strife.The findings come after ten years of work by experts who rejected ideas that it was influenced by extra terrestrials or ancient Egypt or was even linked to the Summer Solstice, which attracts modern pagans, the Daily Mail reported. The study also rejected notions that the monument was prehistoric observatory, a sun temple, a place of healing, or a temple of the ancient druids.Scientists believe that the stones symbolize the ancestors of the various clans - early farming families - towards the end of the Stone Age, which had been marked by conflict and religious differences, the report said.\"When Stonehenge was built there was a growing island-wide culture - the same styles of houses, pottery and other material forms were used from Orkney to the south coast,\" professor Mike Parker Pearson, of Sheffield University, said.\"This was very different to the regionalism of previous centuries. The building of the monument also underlined the new spirit of co-operation,\" he said.\"Stonehenge itself was a massive undertaking, requiring the labour of thousands to move stones from as far away as west Wales, shaping them and erecting them.\"Just the work itself, requiring everyone literally to pull together, would have been an act of unification,\" he added.The site already had special significance for prehistoric Britons because its solstice-aligned Avenue sits upon a series of natural landforms that, by chance, form an axis between the directions of midsummer sunrise and midwinter sunset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379553", "title": "Cop's son dupes parents, uses their ATM card, lands into police net", "text": "LUCKNOW: In March 2012, a woman police official in technical wing of the police department and her husband realised that some money which they had never withdrawn, has been withdrawn from husband's account. They thought that there might have been some mistake in computing the amount available in the bank account and decided to ignore it.However, the police official Nisha Sharma and her husband Anil Sharma (names of both have been changed), both residents of Indiranagar, got yet another shock, when they found that an amount of Rs 5,000 had been withdrawn from the account. What started in the month of March continued till about two weeks in June. By that time, more than Rs 50,000 had been withdrawn from Anil's account.Every time they went to the bank in which Anil had his account, they were told that the said amount had been withdrawn electronically through their ATM.Unable to identify the person behind withdrawal of the amount on frequent basis, Nisha decided to seek help of cyber cell at Hazratganj police station. \"The complaint was lodged about two weeks back,\" circle officer Hazratganj Dinesh Yadav told TOI.Since the matter was related to cyber crime, an investigation was launched to trace the culprit behind the money withdrawal. After a thorough investigation, the police team traced the transaction to be online from an IP address of Noida.On further investigation, the police team found that the person had done over a dozen purchasing including on flipcart.com through the debit card of Anil Sharma.The team zeroed in on the IP address. To their shock, the culprit who finally came under police radar was none other than Nisha and Anil's son.\"Studying BTech final year from a private institute in Noida, the 20-year-old son of Sharma couple knew the details of his father ATM card and thus started using it to meet his unavoidable needs,\" Yadav said and added that when Sharma couple was told about their son's deeds, they decided not to pursue the case further.Yadav said that the investigation of the case did send a clear message for all ATM card users to ensure that ATM cards and other transaction details are not misused by their children to meet their lavish and unavoidable requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381461", "title": "Special squads to conduct random checks of LPG cylinders", "text": "KOCHI: In the wake of repeated incidents of domestic LPG cylinders exploding, the district administration on Sunday decided to form special squads of legal metrology department officials, who will conduct random checking of LPG cylinders for expired and damaged ones.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth, who called an emergency meeting of the representatives of LPG companies, distributors and agencies, said that strict directions were issued to the companies and agencies to check for expired LPG cylinders and remove it from the market.\"Apart from asking the companies to conduct the checking, special squads of the legal metrology department will conduct random checking of the LPG cylinders coming to the market for supply,\" the collector said.\"As per the preliminary probe, the damage caused to rubberized O-rings in the cylinders are the main cause of gas leak. The companies have been directed to conduct strict checking of the O-rings which get damaged due to wear and tear. The companies will take up massive awareness campaign to sensitize the customers on the need to check for leaks before start using the cylinder,\" he said.According to the officials, around 140 loads of LPG cylinders were delivered on a single day in the district. The district collector said that the services of the residence associations would be roped in for organizing the massive awareness campaign. \"Public can contact the LPG companies for any clarifications and doubts and the companies have been directed to do the needful to the customers,\" he said.Pareeth said that the administration had sought a police report in connection with LPG cylinder explosion that occurred at the residence of Sebastian George at Mallipuram on June 20. \"All necessary steps will be taken to ensure the family of the accident gets insurance claim. We have spoken to the officials of the Indian Oil Corporation and they have promised to expedite steps for the insurance settlement,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "14379643", "title": "Unwilling Singur farmers live in hope", "text": "SINGUR: Six years later, they're in focus again. But for septuagenarian Asturani Koley, among those who still hope to get back their land - lost to the Tata Motors project in Singur - the irony isn't lost. Koley, a regular face in the anti-land acquisition stir, has even been to Delhi for one such protest meeting. The hope which the Mamata Banerjee-led government had infused is in tatters and now Koley is finding it difficult to reconcile that it still is a \"long way off\" till he gets back his land.It is people like Koley, or his Beraberi Purbapara neighbour Basudeb Das, 60, that politicians and the administration are now trying to reach out to. Outspoken CPM MLA and former land and land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah may have given an \"Occupy Singur\" call, but his party leaders in Singur are completely against any high-pitch campaigning. They are instead stressing on \"the need to reach out to these farmers who had been unwilling to give up their land\".Balai Sabui, CPM's district secretariat member who convened a meeting on Saturday, said: \"The high court ruling may have vindicated our stand, but we still want to be with the people in their hour of crisis. It is evident they are facing acute financial crisis. We still believe that if they accept the compensation cheque they've so steadfastly refused, their woes will be mitigated to a large extent. For that, we will go to each house and talk to the families.\"Tapan Mitra, a CPM local committee member in Singur, said: \"The government's aid of Rs 1,000 per month till the unwilling farmers get back their land is paltry, considering the fact that every family has seven to eight members. It should be increased to at least Rs 3,000. Also, the figure of 4,000 farmers earmarked to get this benefit is erroneous, for there are many in this list who hardly stay here. This list will cause further dissent, for it was only drawn up to further a political agenda.\"BJP has already raised the pitch, demanding this amount be increased to Rs 10,000, urging the government not to desert the people in need.The government, too, is conscious of this fact. It has started to act with alacrity to reach out to the unwilling farmers. Hooghly district magistrate Sripiya Rangarajan said: \"Funds have already been cleared.\" Haripal MLA Becharam Manna, also the convener of Krishijibi Rakha Committee, confirmed that the funds have been made available.\"Nearly 2,200 accounts have been opened. We hope to take it to 3,500 by Monday. We have also sensitised the branches of Bank of India and Allahabad Bank. We have also urged those who have existing bank accounts to provide it to us, so it can be linked to remit this fund,\" he said.Manna said he has already spoken to state food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick to arrange for rice so that it can be distributed under the '2 kg per family' scheme. Apart from politicians, police have also started going to the homes of these farmers and explaining the government stand with a footnote - they shouldn't give in to the \"Naxalite elements\" working there and foment trouble.IGP (West) Gangeshwar Singh, who has convened a meeting to step up security in the wake of the agitations announced, said: \"Yes, we are making an appeal to people not to step into any provocation and taking the government's message to them.\"To step up pressure on the government, the Singur Shilpa Bikas Committee, an organisation of landowners who'd already given their land, intends to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee to help create industry there. The committee convener and CPM leader Udayan Das said: \"We've given land for industry and the government should also consider our plight, because nothing is happening now.\"But for Koley, Basudeb Das or even Shyamal Pal, a marginal farmer, this has no relevance. \"For the last one year, we've lived in hope that we will get back our land. It seems like a dream now. Nothing else is relevant,\" said Koley.\"It appears the provision which could get us our land back will be stuck in legal quagmire for several months - if not years,\" rued Das. The bitterness is evident in Pal's voice: \"We tried to pull through hoping to get the land back. Now that it appears a distant possibility, we really have been pushed to the brink.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378958", "title": "Two sloth bears electrocuted near Umarzari", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the state government has announced a series of measures to tackle poaching, there seems to be no let up in wildlife crimes. Two sloth bears were found dead on a fallow farm on Sunday morning. This is the fifth such incident in the region in the past two months.SH Patil, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Nagpur Circle, confirmed the incident. \"We suspect the animals died due to electrocution. The bodies were in a decomposed state,\" Patil told TOI.The spot where the carcasses were found is 2km from the boundary of New Nagzira Sanctuary, but lies under the jurisdiction of Lakhni forest range. The spot overlaps compartment number 143 of the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM).Acting on a tip-off, Bhandara deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) Yashbir Singh and assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Ashok Khune went to the spot. The bodies were noticed around 8am. Singh said one bear is around 5-year-old while another is a one-year-old cub.Singh ruled out poaching as all the body parts are intact, expect forelimbs of the adult bear, which seem to have been damaged.Officials suspect the incident might have occurred somewhere else and the bodies were dumped on a private farm, which is lying uncultivated and run over by bushes. They said a 11 KV line passes close to the spot.Sources said it might be a case of revenge killing as many farmers say their complaints of crops being damaged by wild boars and nilgais are ignored by territorial staff. The local farmers are being asked to report cases of crop damage to Lakhni RFO, whose office is far from the area.However, Singh denied the charge, saying, \"We have been very liberal in paying compensation to affected farmers, Actually, there are many suspect farmers in the area, who may be indulging in such incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380387", "title": "Power network can collapse any time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The electricity distribution network in the city is on the verge of collapse. The UT electricity department has turned a blind eye to periodic maintenance and repair of the distribution network, which is already resulting in transformers and feeders giving way under growing load.On Sunday, transformers got burnt in sectors 15 and 42 and on Saturday a transformer conked off in Industrial Area, Phase I.Between the 66 kv substations and the meters installed outside your house, the infrastructure is wearing off and there has been no maintenance drive in the past few years.The system also needs to be upgraded as most transformers installed in the 11 kv substations are not suitable for dealing with the existing load.\"Even simple things such as checking the oil content of transformers has not been done and feeders too are increasingly getting difficult to operate due to lack of maintenance. Burnt cables and fuses are an indication of poor upkeep,\" conceded an electricity department staffer.Such transformers can conk off under acute pressure anytime and need regular care. However, UT is busy with other projects like introduction of online fault detection system.The field staff of the electricity department termed the maintenance drive carried out in winters an eyewash, while adding the infrastructure at 33 kv and 11 kv substations has not been repaired for years.Though there is a clear policy to install new transformers wherever load has increased, the upgradation project is moving at a snail's pace.Till recently, there was only one power transformer of 66/11kv at the 66 kv grid substation in Sector 47 C, which was running at its full capacity, given the high population density of the area. The substation caters to a wide area including sectors 32 and 52 and a new transformer was added recently.\"Officials have come and gone but the distribution system continues to be a low priority area for them and they are more interested in bringing in lofty ideas such as solar power plants and geographical information system (GIS),\" alleged another department staffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14378935", "title": "Special Auxiliary Force deployed in Central Coalfields Limited open cast mines", "text": "Ramgarh: The state government has deployed the Special Auxiliary Force (SAF) in Barka-Sayal area of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) following a request made by the company to provide security in Maoist-affected Urimari opencast mine, which is one of the biggest project of the company.Chief general manager of Barka-Sayal area Sumit Ghosh confirmed that the state authorities had the deployed an SAF contingent, including one officer, four havildars and 20 jawans, in Urimari open caste mines area following a written request made by CCL authorities.Ghosh said the state government deployed the SAF in Barka-Sayal area of the CCL following a request made by the company to the state authorities earlier seeking security for its men and machines. The company had said that it would be forced to stop coal production in one the biggest open caste mines because of Maoist interference in the mines. The rebels not only damaged mining machines but also abducted workers deployed in the mines, Ghosh said.Ghosh said, \"The state authorities accepted the request made by the CCL and deployed adequate number of SAF personnel with condition that CCL pay Rs 66 lakh per month to police department as salary for the SAF personnel who were deployed to provide security at Urimari open cast mines of CCL. Thereafter, a proposal has been sent to the CCL headquarters seeking approval of funds to be paid to police department,\" Ghosh said.The SAF personnel deployed in Urimari opencast mines provide security in a five-km area of the mines which is Maoist-affected.\"Maoists made three major attacks on Urimari opencast mines over the past few months in which at least three pay loader machines were sat ablaze by them. This apart, so far 30 workers on duty were abducted by the rebels. Although the abducted CCL workers were released after a few hours it created panic among the workers and officials deployed in Urimari open caste mines. This resulted in the workers refusing to work in the mines unless adequate security was provided to them,\" said a CCL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381346", "title": "Rs 6 lakh break-in at Parijat Nagar as family at wedding", "text": "NASHIK: A house break-in was reported from Parijat Nagar under the Upnagar police jurisdiction on Sunday evening.According to reports, the theft occurred in the house of Prashant Pawar. The Pawars were out for a wedding function on Saturday at around 3pm. However, some acquaintances informed them that the latch and lock of their bungalow were found broken. Soon after getting that information, the family rushed back to their bungalow in front of Lokhande Mala and found that cash and jewellery totally worth around Rs 6 lakh had been burgled.The police, who were yet to file a complaint till late Sunday evening, said the Pawars lived as a joint family, with four brothers and a sister. Though the exact amount of cash and jewellery are to be estimated, the police said it could be Rs 5-6 lakh.A panchnama was under way till Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379400", "title": "Rajarhat plots fetch hefty prices", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the state is losing out on investments due to the government's hands-off acquisition policy and unavailability of land, Rajarhat New Town continues to be on top of the demand list with investors willing to pay as much as 21 crore for an acre of land.Recently, the West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) had put nine plots - ranging from 20-cottah to 2 acre - in Rajarhat New Town on the block for bidding and within days, the agency received highest bids for as many as seven plots. Deadline for receiving bid applications has been extended for the remaining two plots.\"It is very encouraging that investors have faith on Rajarhat and places surrounding the city,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen. The authorities have already given offer letters to the highest bidders. So far, seven highest bids accumulate to 58.5 crore for about 3.6 acre and another three acre will be sold very soon.Hidco had floated tenders for four institutional plots, one plot each for educational, mercantile retail, trauma care centre, geriatric centre and for setting up a restaurant, all within Action Area I and II. The agency received the highest bid of 34 crore for the four institutional plots on 2 acre of land. For the 20-cottah mercantile retail plot, Hidco received 7-crore bid. This amounts to 21 crore per acre.For the 20-cottah restaurant project plot, a bid of 4.50 crore has been placed. For two health sector plots of 30 cottah each, the authorities have received bids of 7 crore and 6 crore respectively, which sum up to 14 crore and 12 crore per acre, respectively.For two plots meant for the trauma care centre and a geriatric health care centre, Hidco has extended the time period to receive bid applications. The authorities have received only one bid for each of the two plots.On an average, commercial plots in Rajarhat New Town now cost about 10 crore per acre. It was decided earlier that all plots in Rajarhat from now on will be sold through commercial bidding only. Earlier, the government had sold two 50-acre plots to Infosys and Wipro for 75 crore each, amounting to 1.5 crore per acre.All land records in the state was broken back in 2005 when a 6.2 acre KMDA land off EM Bypass was sold of for a whopping Rs 209 crore, which is more than Rs 33 crore per acre. Earlier, In Rajarhat New Town, both Infosys and Wipro had bought 50-acres plots for Rs 75 crore each, amounting to Rs 1.5 crore per acre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381577", "title": "Central setback for GMC plan to light up Peacock Island", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation's (GMC) application for funds to install a new solar power plant at Peacock Island in the Brahmaputra is facing new hurdles at the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE). According to GMC sources, the union ministry does not want to provide 10% subsidy on the total funds, as sought by the GMC in the latest proposal sent to MNRE for a grant of Rs 26 lakh to install a 5KW plant along with decorative lights around the island where the Umananda temple is located.Though the GMC wants 90% grant and 10% subsidy, MNRE has informed the body that no subsidy can be allocated as the ministry does not provide funds at subsidized rate for any religious institution as per central norms. \"We are disappointed. The proposal was to illuminate the island and increase the flow of tourists. As of now, the GMC is producing just 1KW solar power on the island. The decision to install another 5KW plant was taken so that the island looks majestic from the banks of the Brahmaputra,\" said a GMC official.The official insisted that the plant would not provide electricity just to the Umananada temple. \"Though the temple is the main attraction on the island, our aim is to turn the place into a tourist hotspot with decorative lights along the beach,\" the official added. Presently, the GMC is powering 27 lights to illuminate the Umananda temple, the residences of the priests and the staircase to the temple.Mukul Gogoi, GMC additional commissioner, said that the solar power plant will cost Rs 13 lakh while the entire project estimate sent to the MNRE is of Rs 26 lakh. Umananda temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva, is located opposite the office of the deputy commissioner in Guwahati and was built by Ahom King Gadadhar Singha 1681-1696). Peacock Island is also famous as the smallest inhabited riverine island in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379330", "title": "Two gold chains worth Rs 1.2 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: Two incidents of chain-snatching were reported at Karvenagar and Bibvewadi in a span of 45 minutes on Sunday morning. The total value of gold chains stolen is Rs 1.2 lakh.Two men on a motorcycle snatched 70-year-old Basantilal Chhajed's chain when she was watering the plants in the compound of her house in Bibvewadi around 8 am. The chain is worth Rs 45,000. The Bibvewadi police are investigating further.The other incident took place at Karvenagar around 9 am in which the suspects snatched the gold chain of Sunita Didmise (72) of Girijashanka Vihar, Karvenagar. The chain is worth Rs 75,000.Police inspector S B Navale is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381477", "title": "For CBSE, maths minus morals doesn't add up", "text": "KOCHI: Sceptics might call it cosmetic - relatively trivial content for fairly mature students - but it is certainly a step in the right direction. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is integrating academic subjects and moral values in an apparent bid to bridge the gap between real life and lessons learnt in the classroom.Starting this academic year, value-based questions will be asked in Hindi, English, maths, science and social studies, as well as in economics, physics, chemistry, biology, accountancy and business studies for students from standard IX to XII.Sample these: Q 1: In the digestive system all elements work together to digest the food you eat. What is the lesson learnt? Q 2: In his will a father divides his property between his two children and a servant. He gives 40% each to his son and daughter. How much does his servant get and what is the value of it?These appear to be simple questions in biology and mathematics, but the intention here is different. The functioning of the digestive system teaches that \"if you work as a team you achieve your goal\"; the correct answer to the maths query emphasises \"gender equality and charity towards people who work for us\".CBSE has decided to give 5% weightage in each subject for such questions and even the board exams in 2013 for Classes X and XII will have such questions.\"Value-based questions in exams will initially be introduced in all major subjects from standard IX to XII. Rather than just have one subject on value education, the board has decided to follow an interdisciplinary approach in value education where values are intermingled with the content of all major subjects,\" said CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.Sample more: A question in physics reads: \"Three astronauts are descending from a space station on earth when, suddenly, one of their air tankers bursts. What will they do?\" The correct answer is save life to build a life-long camaraderie based on trust.Then there is an English language essay about a rich grandmother who wants to go on a religious trip and is upset that she can't read up on the destination. Her granddaughter decides to teach her and she agrees. Values learnt: Knowledge is power; without education money is vain and it is never too late to learn.\"Somewhere our education process is becoming too professional and commercial. There was a need to draw students' thinking to society and community at large rather than just think about oneself,\" said CBSE's senior academic consultant Neelima Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "14382784", "title": "Israel to ease visa norms, open office in Mumbai", "text": "JERUSALEM: With Indians emerging as the largest group visiting the Jewish state, Israel is mulling easing visa restrictions in a bid to double the numbers of visitors from India.The Jewish state is opening a tourist office in Mumbai and invest about $660,000 to attract more visitors from India that has emerged as Israel's single largest source of incoming tourists in the continent, overtaking South Korea.Israel's tourism minister, Stas Misezhnikov signed a bilateral agreement with his visiting Indian counterpart Subodh Kant Sahai, aiming at doubling the number of tourists between the two countries in the next three years.\"We are opening an office of the ministry of tourism in Mumbai which shows that we give a lot of significance to our relationship with India,\" Misezhnikov said addressing a joint press conference with Sahai.\"The potential for enhancing co-operation in the tourism is very good. Now tourist inflow to India from Israel and tourist outflow from India to Israel is equal,\" he said, adding about 50,000 Israelis go to India every year and the same number of Indians visit Israel.\"We want to double this number in three years through mutual cooperation.\"Sahai said the two countries have agreed on cooperation in many areas that would help \"draw the road map\" for promoting tourism in India as well as in Israel.\"We have decided to have a tourism development forum with representation from all stakeholders, including travel agents, hoteliers and tour operators and even friends from the media, who can give advice as to how to promote tourism,\" he said.Outlining the vast opportunity presented by India in the tourism sector, Sahai said \"India needs convention centres, exhibition centres and more than 200,000 hotel rooms.\"He also pointed out steps taken by the government to boost investment in the tourism sector by allowing 100 per cent foreign direct investment and declaring it as an infrastructure category sector, which will further enhance bank loan facilities for willing participants in the sector.Sahai, who is on a four-day visit to Israel along with a delegation of state ministers, Members of Parliament and senior central and state government officers, also emphasised on the fast growing outbound travel from India.\"Average Indian has now become a great traveler. 80 per cent of Indians are economically ready to match any place in the world. Our outbound tourism has increased four times and Israel is one of the prime destinations, given heritage linkages,\" he emphasised.The two ministers also agreed upon the need to strengthen connectivity between the two countries by introducing new direct flights that can accommodate travelers seven days a week.Currently Israeli carrier, El Al, flies between Tel Aviv and Mumbai thrice a week.Misezhnikov noted that the way to achieve this, among others, was to open additional flights to destinations within India beyond Mumbai, such as Delhi, Kolkata and Goa.The two ministers expressed their intentions to work with private airlines, each one in their country, in order to promote charter flights between the two countries.Sahai said that he would raise the issue during his discussions with Israeli transport minister, Yisrael Katz.Emphasising India's seriousness in promoting the tourism sector, Sahai also noted that his country has adopted the G-20 declaration which says that \"tourism industry is a central economic engine for growth\" which reduces poverty by employment generation.\"India understands that tourism increases the rate of employment among the working classes, women and people living in the periphery,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Joint Working Group on tourism between India and Israel have met here to discuss ways to achieve the goals set by the two ministers.The Indian side in the discussions was led by Anand Kumar, joint secretary at the ministry of tourism while the Israeli side was led by Oren drori, head of marketing administration at the Israeli tourism ministry.Sahai would on Tuesday participate in a special seminar for Israeli tour operators during the Incredible India roadshow in Tel Aviv.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14381515", "title": "Muslim student body bans book over Prophet's picture", "text": "IMPHAL: A Manipuri Muslim student body has banned a children's general knowledge book as it contained a picture of Prophet Mohammad. Stating that there is not a single record of the Prophet's picture in the entire world, the Pangal Students' Organization (PSO) said the writer should apologize within three days, failing which stern action would be taken.PSO president Md Burhanuddin said the picture of the Prophet published in the book that is being taught in nursery classes is against Islam and a means to mislead the Muslim community of the state as well as the students. Hence, the PSO has resolved to ban the book, Burhanuddin said at a media conference in Imphal on Friday.Echoing the PSO's protest, the Pangal Political Forum, Manipur said no one in the world has ever possessed the Prophet's photograph. The forum asked the authorities of the state education department or the concerned board why they failed to consider the authenticity of the picture in question before publication of the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384852", "title": "A new tiding for T'wood", "text": "A star-studded panel discussion brightened up the banquet at a five-star property on Saturday evening with veteran actor Barun Chanda playing moderator.Tollywood, in all its grandeur, discussed Resurgence of Bengal's Entertainment Industry at a time when Bengali films have broadened their horizon to go beyond cinematic cliches. The panel included Jeet, Koel Mallick, Parambrata Chatterjee, Locket, directors Srijit Mukherji, Mainak Bhaumik and Bappaditya Bandopadhyay.Great content, foreign locales, intensive promotion and marketing have been taken into consideration but what's lacking is corporatization. \"We need producers and more sponsors to encourage the influx of young blood and fresh ideas,\" said Srijit, later mentioning the rise of indie films like \" Gandu\" and \"Teen Yaari Katha\".Apart from cinema, the panel also discussed the popularity gained by new-age music directors, Bengali TV programmes and theatre, which are at par with the ones in Mumbai today. \"Bangla industry is going through a golden phase now,\" said Jeet. The panel detested the burgeoning piracy business and the deplorable condition of some of the movie halls in Bengal.Suchismita Dutta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14381192", "title": "HC sets aside FIR in cheating case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench here has set aside a FIR registered against three persons under the Tamil Nadu Prohibition of Charging Exorbitant Interest Act 2002 and for cheating.Justice A Selvam said the complaint, lodged by a woman, did not inspire the confidence of the court. The complainant, by filing the case after nine years, was abusing the process of law by forcing three to undergo the rigour of trial.The judge agreed with the petitioners' counsel that the complainant, if really aggrieved, would not have got the case registered in 2011 with regard to a mortgage made in 2002.He pointed out that the complaint ran contrary to her averments in a civil suit.According to the complaint, the woman had borrowed Rs 50,000 from one of the petitioners for interest at the rate of 5% per month from March 2002. Then, she executed a registered mortgage deed with respect to her coconut grove towards security. She claimed she had repaid the loan in the same year.On December 12, 2002, the lenders took her to the sub-registrar's office and got a sale deed executed in their favour in the guise of executing a mortgage cancellation deed. The complainant supposedly came to know about the fact only in 2007 when she was prevented by the lender from collecting the coconuts from her grove. Thereafter, she filed a civil suit in 2007 and a police complaint in 2008. The three had then moved the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380022", "title": "17-year-old battles breast cancer", "text": "BANGALORE: At 17, Mukta Patil (name changed) from Gulbarga was driven by a desire to pass her SSLC and graduate in arts. But the teenage girl developed health complications and she landed in Bangalore for medical examination which ruled that she was suffering from Stage 3 breast cancer.The age for contracting breast cancer in women is gradually coming down, say oncologists. While it is more commonly seen in women above 40 years of age, experts say that every year, they have been seeing at least a couple of women in their early twenties getting breast cancer.Said Dr Jayanthi Thumsi, breast onco-surgeon, BGS Global Hospitals, who treated Mukta: \"In my 15-year career, this is the first case where I have seen a teenage girl getting breast cancer. The girl has no family history, nor does she live a sedentary life. We have to perform tests to know if she has those genes that cause breast cancer.\"Clinical examination indicated that Mukta's whole breast is a tumour and is stuck to the chest wall. Biopsy of the breast and lymph nodes confirmed malignancy.Dr Kritika Murgan, breast cancer surgeon, HCG Global Hospital, said: \"She (Mukta) can probably be the youngest patient of breast cancer. But more and more young women are certainly contracting it.Earlier we used to see women in late 30s or early 40s contracting breast cancer, but the age has gradually come down to early 20s.It is important for young girls in their teens to go for breast cancer screening regularly.\"Survivors of Hodgkin's disease and leukaemia too stand a chance of contracting breast cancer at a young age. Said Dr Neelesh Reddy, medical oncologist, Columbia Asia Hospital: \"If a child is put through radio therapy or has undergone a treatment for Hodgkin's disease or leukaemia, the side effects of medication can develop breast cancer or lung cancer at a young age. Initially, we used to see one young patient contracting breast or lung cancer every year. The number has now gone up to 1-2 cases every three months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379836", "title": "Two more youths drown on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Two youngsters lost their lives in separate cases of drowning on Sunday.The first incident occurred at Aarey Colony in Goregaon (E) where a 22-year-old youth drowned in a well he had entered for a swim.The deceased, Rupesh Shinde, was a resident of Vanitapada inside Aarey. Shinde had gone out for a picnic with his friends. The group later went to the well for a swim. Though Rupesh did not know how to swim, he plunged into the well with his friends. Within seconds, he started gasping for air.\"A fire brigade was sent to the spot to rescue Shinde from the well,\" said an official from the BMC's disaster management cell. Fire officials pulled Shinde out and took him to Cooper Hospital, where doctors declared him dead. Shinde's body has been sent for an autopsy. The Aarey police have registered a case of accidental death.In the second case, a teenager drowned at a lake in Mulund. The incident took place at Bangoda Gaon around 4.45pm. Amit Amin (17), the victim, was taken to Rajawadi Hospital, . in Ghatkopar, where he was declared dead. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379176", "title": "Striking mill workers want Rs 1,600 relief", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The striking textile workers have asked Rs 1,600 per month as interim relief from the textile mills. To ponder over the issue, state labor department officials and Textile Labor Association (TLA) members will meet Ahmedabad Textile Mill's Association (ATMA) office bearers on Monday.Demanding a 40% hike in wages, more than 6,000 workers from Arvind, Ankur, Ashima and Asarawa mills have been on a strike. The strike began on June 4 with Arvind Mill's Naroda plant workers deciding to abstain from work till wages are hiked. However, as the wage hike issue is in the court, the workers have asked for an interim relief.Sources said that most mills have agreed for a Rs 800 relief; however, workers have refused to accept it. \"The workers have told us that they will call off the strike if the interim relief is given till the court clears the wage hike issue,\" said Amar Barot, general secretary of TLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14380029", "title": "Pummy elected chairman of Yeshwant Club", "text": "INDORE: Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' was elected the chairman of the Yeshwant Club.The members casted their votes for the executive body of the club in the day and the counting ended at around 10 pm. Pummy won by a margin of 260 votes.The other office bearers elected include Sunil Bajaj as secretary, Vijay Kasturi as joint secretary and Hemant Juneja as treasurer.In the fiercely contested elections the honours were evenly divided as Paramjit Singh and Vijay Kasturi from Pummy panel were elected for the top posts while Sunil Bajaj and Hemant Juneja were from Bholu Mehta panel.There were a total of 3,873 members of which 2108 casted their votes who had to elect the executive body of the club for the next two years. Votes were cast between 11 am and 4 pm. A number of members living out of Indore couldn't make it for the voting.Meanwhile, the club has given membership to the scion of Holkar dynasty, Richard Holkar in honour to the royal family which had laid the foundation stone for the club way back in 1934.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385240", "title": "I will be remembered for my name in the movie: Rozlyn Khan", "text": "For all those wondering what is Rozlyn Khan doing, besides of course, following Poonam Pandey and stripping for cricketers and posing nude pictures on social networking sites, here's news for you.We all know that she will soon be seen in Arhan Akhtar's \" Dhama Chaukdi \". Recently, we were told that her role in the movie has been brutally edited and when we asked Rozlyn, she rues, \" Yes , I was told that the movie is too long and therefore, it needed edit par mera role hee kyu edit kiya ,\" adding, \"I am only seen for an hour in the movie but I guess when we have actors like Sanjay Mishra, Mukesh Tiwari among others, it was Rozlyn who had to face the heat.\"Rozlyn is going great guns achieving stardom and while earlier, it was her stripping act for Dhoni, she is now using another actor's name to achieve stardom. All said and done, Khan sure knows how to grab eyeballs as she will be seen playing the role of 'Katrina' in the movie. Ask her if it is inspired by the Bollywood diva Katrina Kaif and she replies, \"I am a sweet and buddhu Katrina in the movie, somebody who doesn't have brains and bas comedy karti rehti hain .\" Even if the movie doesn't fare well at the BO, this twenty something Rozlyn Khan is sure of making her role a hit.She says, \"I was elated when I was told that my name in the movie would be Katrina because it is easy for people to remember and aur kuch ho na ho, main garibo ki Katrina toh zaroor ban jaongi .\" And she is quick to make comparisons with the epic movie \"Sholay\" as she says, \" Sholay movie mein bhi the audience remembers the names of the characters and similarly, I will be remembered for my name in the movie.\" We wonder of the BO success of the movie but a sequel of the movie is already in the pipeline. \"The directors are in talks to make a second part of the movie and I am only too excited about it,\" shares Khan. We wonder, is it another Katrina in the making?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14381926", "title": "Youth falls into well in Liluah, feared dead", "text": "HOWRAH: Around the time when news came in on Sunday that four-year-old Mahi of Gurgaon could not be brought out alive from the pit into which she had fallen four days ago, a 20-year-old youth slipped and fell into a well in Liluah.Till reports last came in, fire brigade officials and police were trying to bring the youth out of the 70-foot-deep well that was said to contain poisonous gas. Eight hours after the fall, rescue workers feared the youth might have died, especially since he did not respond to their calls.Though the rescuers reached within an hour of his falling into the well, the operation was delayed because they had no gas mask. These arrived five and a half hours later, around 9.30pm. Roshan Mondal, the youth, had accompanied his father to a construction site at Ekshora Mitra Nagar under Liluah police station on Sunday, where the incident occurred. He is part of a team of labourers from Bhagalpur that is working to build a residential building.Around 4pm on Sunday, Roshan somehow slipped and fell into the well from which water is used for construction work. The ground-level well is otherwise an abandoned one and usually remains covered. But since labourers were drawing water from it on Sunday , it was left uncovered.Both the under-construction building and the well belong to local businessman Debendra Yadav, said Chamrail panchayat pradhan Subhas Roy. Police and firemen reached the spot within an hour of being informed, but locals who had tried to rescue the youth themselves complained of having smelled some poisonous gas in the well. This made the rescuers apprehensive and they decided to wait for gas masks which took five and a half hours to arrive.In the meantime, the rescuers tried to pump out the water . But this proved difficult because groundwater kept replacing the water that was being pumped out.Ropes were also lowered with the hope that Roshan would latch on to them and make an effort to come out. But there was no response, despite the men on the ground repeatedly shouting out his name. Locals complained that the firemen's and police's inefficiency and lack of coordination delayed rescue operation. Alot of time was allegedly lost speculating whether some people in gas masks would be sent down to rescue Roshan.Local youths claimed they had volunteered to go down the well even as firefighters stood around in huddle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379144", "title": "Odissi guru Hare Krushna Behera passes away", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odissi dance exponent Guru Hare Krushna Behera died in New Delhi on Sunday following a heart attack, family sources said. He was 81 and survived by three daughters and wife.Guruji had established a dance institute, Odissi Kendra, in New Delhi in 1979 and had been giving training in Odissi for the last five decades.Guru Hare Krishna Behera was born in the village of Buani in Balasore district. From a very early age he was attracted to the finer nuances of the Odissi dance form. Behera had started his training in Gotipua dance at the tender age of eight. He also learnt Odissi Music. He was instrumental in setting up Guru H K Behera College of art and Craft in Balasore.For his significant contribution to the field, he had received the All India Critic's Award in 1981 and Orissa Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1983. In 2003, Behera received the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.Some of his well-known disciples include internationally acclaimed Sonal Mansingh, Madhavi Mudgal, Radha Reddy and Yamini Krishnamurty, Alpana Nayak besides his daughter Kabita Dwibedi.The dance guru had been taken to All Inaia Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) following chest pain and he passed away there, his family said.Many noted personalities from Odisha and outside the state condoned his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380155", "title": "All ministers to attend largest bhagidari meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the assembly polls due in 2013, the Sheila Dikshit government has decided to hold its largest-ever bhagidari workshop in the capital from June 26 to collect people's feedback on local governance and its deficiency.Over 3,500 residents welfare associations have been invited at the eight-day event to be held at Talkatora Stadium from June 26 to July 6. In the past few years, the government had held bhagidari \u2014 citizens' partnership in governance \u2014 workshops with barely a few hundred RWAs. The last workshop in July 2011 saw participation of around 600 RWAs.The Congress-led government, which is still recovering from the shocking results of the municipal polls in April, has asked Asian Centre for Organization Research and Development (ACORD), the agency preparing the feedback forms for the workshop, to frame questions that bring out people's expectations from the government and also its deficiencies, sources said.In a fresh move, Dikshit has asked at least one cabinet minister to attend the workshop everyday. The schedule, giving details of days and districts for each minister, has already been sent to them. The Congress MLAs have also been asked to go to the meet.The government has also added three more departments \u2014 education, social welfare and food and civil supplies \u2014 under the purview of the bhagidari policy adopted in 2002. Other authorities like Delhi Jal Board, MCD , PWD, NDMC, Delhi Police and transport, environment and revenue departments will continue to take part in it. The power supplier discoms will be part of the workshop.According to the ministers' schedule, the workshop for South and Southwest districts will be attended by Kiran Walia, East district by A K Walia, Northeast district by A S Lovely, Northwest district by Rajkumar Chauhan, West district by Ramakant Goswami, North, Central and New Delhi districts by Haroon Yusuf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi/gurgaon", "code": "14380180", "title": "More toll payments by cash trigger Gurgaon e-way jams", "text": "NEW DELHI/GURGAON: Everyone travelling on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway is accustomed to getting stuck in traffic snarls at its 32-lane toll plaza. The reason, as National Highways Authority of India has disclosed in a reply to an RTI application, is that on an average, 86% people pay cash at the toll plaza while only 15% pay through tag. Ideally, at least 60-70% of vehicles should be on the tag mode to ensure smooth movement through the toll plaza.According to NHAI, on an average over 2.5 lakh vehicles daily pass through three toll plazas on the expressway and over 75% of them cross the 32-lane toll plaza. The reply says that during peak hours, the percentage of vehicles using tags slightly increases to 21.67%. But that's not enough, considering the huge inflow of traffic during these couple of hours in the morning and the evening.\"We have made tag lanes semi-automatic, which means both collection methods are possible due to the cash users who are entering these lanes. But to decrease this behaviour, we have set a filtering at the entrance of the tag lanes to enhance the throughput and avoid cash users to decrease the tag lane throughput,\" the RTI reply claims.However, on the ground, the filtration is not that robust as claimed by NHAI. \"Hardly do we find proper segregation. Had that been the case, the traffic flow through tag lanes would have been much better. We end up in long jams despite having a pre-paid tag since commuters paying cash block our way,\" said Col (retd) Devender Shehrawat, a regular commuter.The NHAI data shows that the mix-up has discouraged people to go for this smart mode of paying toll. There was a significant increase in the percentage share of cash payers at the 32-lane toll plaza in 2010 and 2011 in comparison to the trend in 2008 when the expressway was made commercially operational.Sources said NHAI had suggested that the private concessionaire Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd introduce the smart card system that can be made available to commuters at a discounted price. Once this happens, the majority of the commuters are likely to shift from the cash mode to the smart card mode to pay toll. This transformation will also improve vehicle clearance through counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14378759", "title": "Seminar to clear confusion on Restructured Technology Upgradation Scheme", "text": "SURAT: Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry has organized a one-day seminar to clear the confusion over the Restructured Technology Upgradation Scheme (R-TUFS) approved by the union textile ministry. The seminar will be held at Samruddhi building in Nanpura and SP Verma, deputy director in the textile commissioner office at Mumbai and Ashok Hajra, head of the textile commissioner office in Gujarat.Paresh Patel, president, SGCCI said \"There prevails lot of confusion in the industry for availing benefits under the R-TUFS. The authorities from the office of textile commissioner will try to clear the myths and confusion regarding the R-TUFS.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379197", "title": "Union minister Dinsha Patel wants Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel's image on bank notes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Why Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel does not figure among the legendary Indians whose images were to be printed on Indian currency notes? This question was raised by union minister of state for mines Dinsha Patel , an MP from Kheda. Among the names that were recommended to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), apart from Mahatma Gandhi , were Jawaharlal Nehru , Dr B R Ambedkar, Chhatrapati Shivaji and Indira Gandhi.Patel wrote a letter to the RBI governor and requested him to consider Sardar Patel, the Iron Man of India. Patel said that Sardar played a big role in the Indian freedom movement and later in the unification of princely states under one flag.Every currency note printed since 1997 has the image of Mahatma Gandhi. The RBI invited suggestions from people from all walks of life on legendary Indians who should be joining the Mahatma. Before Gandhiji, the Ashoka Pillar used to be the most dominant feature on bank notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14379828", "title": "Police stations turn junkyards", "text": "Police stations are ostensibly on an overdrive to acquire citizen-friendly image.All the 141 police stations in the city have thrown open their doors to the general public in an effort to bring the force closer to the public.But most of these police stations have been reduced to junkyards with the huge pileups of seized vehicles spilling all over the place.These junkyards in the police stations are not only an eyesore but also hunting grounds for bandicoots and even snakes in some instances.There are also antisocial elements who specialize in stealing parts and engines from these vehicles.In most cases, the vehicles would have weathered so many seasons that what remains of them is only their shell.The seized vehicles in the frontyards of the police stations leave citizens little space to park their vehicles whenever they visit the stations. In case of some stations like DJ Halli, Bharatinagar, RT Nagar and Indiranagar, these vehicles occupy even the adjoining pavements and streets, affecting pedestrian and traffic movement.\"I live in DJ Halli which has narrow roads. Many seized vehicles are parked In front of the police station that you don't get space to park your vehicle when you visit the station,\" said Raheem Khan, a businessman.\"One of the biggest problems in Bangalore is lack of parking space. Considering this, shouldn't there be an alternative arrangement to dump these vehicles than wasting precious public space,\" asks Deepa Pillai, an HR professional and resident of Ulsoor.At least 80% of the vehicles dumped at the city police stations are those seized during criminal investigation, rather than traffic violation.\"When it comes to traffic, detention of the vehicle will not go beyond four days. Once the fine is paid, we let the seized vehicles go,\" said CR Geetha, traffic police inspector, Ulsoor traffic police station.Vehicles detained curing criminal investigation can be classified into three categories: stolen, abandoned and seized.Krishna Bhat, deputy commissioner of police (east), said: \"In case of abandoned vehicles, police make an attempt to contact the owner using the registration number information and other details. if we fail, they end up in junkyards. In case of stolen vehicles, things are a little tougher because thieves change the number plates.We try locating these vehicles by looking at the chassis and engine numbers.\"Bhat said most vehicles in the junkyards are those that are seized during investigation of crime. \"According to the law, vehicles seized remain in the court custody till court proceedings are over. We are not given alternative space for dumping these vehicles. So we dump them near the police stations,\" he admitted.Once the court proceedings begin, the vehicles are court property but remain physically in the police stations.The consequence is that police are not under any pressure to keep them in good condition. However, attempts are being made to dispose of these vehicles through auctions, though they fetch lesser than market prices given their criminal antecdents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14381062", "title": "ML flays CPM, Forward Bloc for supporting Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "PATNA: CPI(ML) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya on Sunday announced that his party would boycott the presidential poll. The party has only one MLA in Jharkhand. He expressed his anguish over CPM and Forward Bloc supporting UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election.\"The Left parties should deliberate over this issue,\" he said and added that his party had supported the name of Vice-President Hamid Ansari as he does not belong to any political party. Addressing a press conference here, Bhattacharya said the policies of both the UPA and NDA are similar. He said several scams have taken place during UPA regime at the Centre and it has surrendered to the United States .Bhattacharya said chief minister Nitish Kumar's promise to bring development with justice now stands exposed. He said the state government has joined hands with feudal forces. The state government immediately recommended CBI probe into Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji's murder case despite the fact that his family members did not seek CBI probe into it, the CPI (ML) leader said. He said people of Forbesganj had been demanding CBI probe into the police firing there on June 3, 2011, but the state government remains silent on the issue.Bhattacharya said Nitish claims himself to be secular but has been running the NDA government with the help of BJP. He said even during Gujarat riots, Nitish did not utter a word. \"Now he is criticizing Gujarat CM Narendra Modi for being communal,\" he said, and added it is a conspiracy to divert the attention of the people from the corruption rampant in the state.The CPI(ML) leader said a convention would be held in New Delhi on July 15 over these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381887", "title": "'Academic score is an important factor, but is not the sole criterion'", "text": "St Stephen's College is all set to begin its round of interviews from June 25. However , it is not just the academic score, which counts for entry into the college, but other factors like extra-curricular activities, values and knowledge as well. Pulkit Agarwal , who has made it to the interview list, says, \"I have no idea what questions will be asked, but I am reading newspapers and keeping myself updated about the current world affairs to keep myself prepared.\"According to Valson Thampu, principal, the college believes in total education, while aiming at the complete development of its students . The academic score is an important factor, but is not the sole criterion. \"A cultural and academic environment contributes to allround development of students. Hence, during the interview, in which we spend seven to eight minutes per candidate, we look at three factors \u2014 academic attitude, which complements a student's score, extra-curricular attitude and the value system of students ,\" says Thampu. Also, the college emphasises on sports and outdoor education, which is an advantage for students who have a sports background. \"Healthy outdoor activities are an integral part of college life here. Unlike other colleges, we don't have an ECA quota, but five percent of seats are for the sports category,\" says Thampu. Besides, he adds, mixes of multifarious activities including the social services aspect of individuals are taken into account during the interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378845", "title": "Intake well on Damodar, pollution officials in dark", "text": "RANCHI: Once described as Bengal's Sorrow, the Damodar is now in a sorry state of affairs. The river continues to support modern lifestyle and livelihood as the dam constructed over it helps producing hydel power as well as thermal power through the Damodar Valley Corporation.The river is now being further exploited for personal gains, an example of which was evident near Bagmari, the bordering region of Ranchi and Latehar district where a private company is constructing an intake well, allegedly without any clearance from the pollution control board of the state government.The matter has been reported to chief minister Arjun Munda and the water resources department principal secretary by president Damodar Bachao Andolan Saryu Rai. Talking to TOI, he said the illegal construction was noted on May 30 when the activists went out to the banks of the Damodar for observing the Ganga Dassehera in form of Devnad Damodar Mahotsva. The team assembled at 20 different points on the banks of the Damodar starting at its origin in Chulhapani in Lohardaga and ending in Jharkhand at Panchet Dam.Rai said the river had been filled up near Bagmari using lose soil and a huge intake well was being constructed on the main course of the river. \"I tried seeking information from the officials working on the site if they sought permission from the pollution control board or the state government but was surprised to know that no official of the state government had any idea about the intake well,\" Rai said.He was told by locals that the well was being constructed by Abhijit Group for using the water in its upcoming industrial unit in Latehar. Rai claimed that the design of the intake well was not approved by any competent authority. \"Under the circumstances, there would be no check on the quantity of water being consumed by the industrial unit,\" he said. Having written letter to the chief minister, Rai has urged his immediate intervention so that the natural course of river was not disturbed by any private company for personal gains which could spoil the natural surrounding and flow of the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379196", "title": "New technology banks on past info for OJEE admission", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Ahead of the counseling process for admission into engineering colleges, to begin from Monday, aspirants are nervous about the branch and college they would be allotted. Besides, allegations of manipulation in choice forms in the past few years have become a cause for concern too.In a bid to bring about transparency in the process, the Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) committee has made some changes in the system, to make it easier for students to know the probable institute and branch they may get.\"Now students can get an idea of the probable institutes, colleges and branches they may get by checking out the corresponding choices available to similar rank holders last year. This will help them take the right decision,\" said OJEE committee secretary Priyabrat Sahoo.Previous years' information is also made available on the OJEE website to enable students to gain a better understanding of the admission process. \"We advise students to collect all details about the college they want to take admission into, its infrastructure, fee structure and other facilities,\" Sahoo said.Some students, however, feel there predecessors had a better deal in the process. \"During the manual counseling days, a board displayed the seat matrix, making it easier for students to make a choice from the list of subjects and colleges. But now we don't know what is actually happening behind the scene,\" said Soubhgya Nanda, an engineering aspirant.In a bid to check manipulation in choice-locking in the online era, however, the OJEE has asked students to lock their choices at nodal centres. OJEE authorities are to print out the information on which an OJEE officer and the students will put their signatures. \"We have asked students not to disclose their password to anyone and also not to get motivated by marketing strategies of engineering colleges,\" Sahoo said.He ruled out chances of any fee hike this year. \"So far we have not received any letter from the government about seat increase or fee hike,\" Sahoo said.The registration and filling up of choices will start from June 25, while from June 29 students can verify documents and deposit fees at 20 nodal centres across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "14379449", "title": "Four from Kalyan killed, four injured in accident near Satara", "text": "Satara: Four persons were killed on the spot and other four sustained severe injuries after the sports utility vehicle they were travelling in crashed into a stationary truck at Pargaon in Satara district on Pune-Bangalore highway during the wee hours of Sunday.The Khandala police have identified the deceased as Ankush Devchand Patil (57), his elder brother Baliram (60), sister Hirabai Sonu Dhalwale (60) and her husband Sonu Dhalwale (62) all from Kalyan in Thane district. Baliram's wife Sindhu (55), Anuksh's wife Pushpa (46), Vanita Dambare (47) and Deepali Dambare (18), all from Kalyan, sustained severe injuries and are undergoing treatment in the hospital at Shirval.The Khandala police said the Patil family was on a religious tour in Satara and Kolhapur districts. Around 5 am on Sunday, their vehicle crashed into the stationary truck in the rear. \"The impact was such that four persons in the vehicle died on the spot,\" said inspector Shridhar Jadhav of the Khandala police station. The police rushed to the spot after the incident and took the injured to the hospital at Shirval, Jadhav said.Ankush Patil worked in the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation while Baliram had retired from the railways, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381559", "title": "Arrest of Bihar arms dealer alerts city police on interstate nexus", "text": "GUWAHATI: The strong nexus between interstate criminal gangs has alarmed the city police. The arrest of one arms dealer, Gajendar Rai of Bihar by city police on Sunday revealed that many local gangs operating in the city and its outskirts are procuring illegal arms from Bihar.Police arrested Gajendar after his name surfaced during the investigation of a shootout case in the city. He was found to be the main arms supplier to the gang that shot Dindayal Saraogi a fortnight earlier and tried to loot him at Athgaon here.\"Gajendar is the main arms supplier to local criminal gangs. He even supplied arms to the gang that was involved in the Dindayal Saraogi shootout case. He was earlier arrested in a similar case in Chandmari a few years ago,\" said a top police official of the Pandu division of city police.On June 4, Dindayal Saraogi was waylaid by two motorcycle-borne youths. Saraogi, a steel trader of Athgaon area was returning from his shop with his day's earning and was shot by the two.Eventually police arrested Bhupen Das and Krishna Shankar Das in the case and recovered from them a 9mm pistol with ammunitions and one magazine. After that, city police also arrested one Kailash Singh who hails of Bihar in connection with the case.The police said Gajendar was procuring arms from various arms manufacturers in Bihar and was selling them to the local buglars and dacoits. The Chandmari police had earlier arrested him in relation with a case of selling pen pistols to some extortionist groups around four years ago.\"He hails from Samastipur district of Bihar and has strong connections to various arms manufacturers there. Though he now lives here, he procures arms from Bihar and sells them to various groups here,\" added the official.Gajendar is presently working at the NF Railway BG Yard as a contractual worker and resides at the Kushal Nagar area for the last two years with his family. The city police picked him up from his residence on Sunday morning.The city police believe that the investigation is likely to reveal more information. \"It's a major concern for the city police that the local gangs are now in strong nexus with various gangs of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh. They are getting stronger and it's giving us sleepless nights,\" added the cop.According to the city police, these groups have been successful in including security personnel in their gangs. On June 14, the city police even arrested three security personnel of Assam Police Battalion who were robbing businessmen with the help of criminal gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380695", "title": "Gang hurls bombs to kill Ennore rowdy", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-man gang hurled country bombs at the house of notorious history-sheeter C Dhanasekar in Anna Sivagami Nagar, Ennore, in an apparent attempt to eliminate him. Dhanasekar, who is involved in several cases of murder and robbery, was injured in the attack.The masked gang members arrived in two share autorickshaws around 1.30pm and attempted to lob bombs into Dhanasekar's house. Police officers suspect the attack was motivated by previous enmity.A police officer said they would probe the incident thoroughly because, unlike in Puducherry, gangsters in Chennai rarely use country bombs as weapons.\"Dhanasekar, 29, was playing carrom with a group of children outside his house when the gang encircled his house,\" the officer said. \"He told the children to run away and quickly slipped inside the house.\"Dhanasekar's mother Karupayee, sister Chithra and his brother's children were at home when the gang arrived.A police officer said Dhanasekar, a graduate in English literature who walks with a limp, watched from a window in his house as the gang hurled bombs at his house. \"He sustained injuries to the face and hands,\" the officer said. \"The gang fled the scene soon after the attack.\" Dhanasekar was rushed to a private hospital at Tiruvottiyur. The windows were left broken after the explosions but no major damage was reported in the incident.Forensic experts went to the spot and gathered evidence to ascertain what type of bombs the gang used in the attack. \"We did not find any pellet shrapnel or blades that are used in bombs at the site,\" the officer said.Police said Dhanasekar, who is involved in around 20 cases including four murders and several attempts to murder, robbery and dacoity. Dhanasekar was selected to join the police in 1999 but could not enter the force after being booked for assault.\"In 2002 he worked was an associate of another gangster and was involved in the murder of Karuppu Raja. He later worked with another criminal, Shakthi, but they had problems over sharing money and split into two groups. \" the officer said. Officers suspect that Shakthi's gang was responsible for Sunday's attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14379213", "title": "Teacher held for Maoist links", "text": "Berhampur: A primary school teacher in Ganjam district was arrested on Saturday for his alleged links with Maoist leaders, including Sabyasachi Panda, police said.The accused was identified as Jhikania Sabara of Jharakona village in Ganjam district's Badagada police station area. Police have seized a Maoist poster, two photo identity cards of his with different father's names, a VHF set, charger, mobile set, several other papers and a new motorcycle from him. Sabara was working as a teacher in Barada, near his village, since the past seven years, police said on Sunday.He was working as an over-ground worker and transporter for the left wing ultras in Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts and was a courier to top Maoist leader Sabyasachi, police said. He was working for Maoists, including supplying grocery items and medicines to them, for the past three years, police said.\"There is a sizeable incriminating evidence linking him to Maoist activities in the area. We are planning to interrogate him further,\" said Gajapati SP Sarthak Sarangi. \"We came to know during preliminary interrogation that Jhikania is not his real name. He was working as a teacher in the name of a person who had died in 1994,\" police said. His real name is Alia Sabara, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380050", "title": "CET papers to be verified today", "text": "BANGALORE: Documents of general category students for CET online counselling will be verified on Monday at the CET cell in Malleswaram. Other categories like defence, ex-defence, scouts and guides, Anglo-Indians, Jammu and Kashmir migrants, CAPF, NCC 'B' certificate holders,national participants in sports, who have submitted their documents to Karnataka Examinations Authority (KEA) and received acknowledgement, will have to get their papers checked again during general verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381506", "title": "Spirits high despite rain dampner", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city was lashed by incessant rain since Sunday morning, but this failed to dampen the spirits of devotees attending Ambubachi Mela at Kamakhya Temple here. This was evident by the fact that the footfall at the temple crossed four lakh on the last day of the festival, more than the previous two days.Heavy rains in the morning caused waterlogging on several roads at the foothills of the Nilachal Hills where Kamakhya Temple is located, but the rush of devotees only kept increasing as the day progressed.Apart from visitors from northern and eastern Indian states, thousands of devotees from Assam thronged the temple premises since Sunday morning, causing traffic snarls on Dinesh Goswami Road which leads up to the temple for several hours.\"Due to a heavy rush of devotees, we are witnessing heavy traffic congestion in and around Kamakhya Temple. Since Sunday morning, thousands of devotees from lower Assam districts have arrived here. Between 4pm and 8pm today, we are expecting more people from Greater Guwahati,\" said the secretary of Kamakhya Debutter Board, Naba Kanta Sarma.Compared to the first two days of the festival, the last day saw a larger proportion of devotees from the state and from Greater Guwahati as the doors of the inner sanctum sanctorum will reopen at 7 am on Monday after remaining closed for three days.Bhaben Sarma, a devotee from Nalbari district, said, \"Every year, we come to attend Ambubachi Mela just a day ahead of the opening of the door of the shrine. I have come with my family and we will stay in the city to worship Kamakhya Ma after the door of the temple opens tomorrow morning.\"Ambubachi Mela is the most important festival celebrated at Kamakhya Temple. It is believed that the presiding goddess of the temple, Devi Kamakhya, goes through her annual cycle of menstruation during Ambubachi. The door of the shrine was closed on Friday, marking the beginning of the festival, and will reopen on Monday morning.Meanwhile, the temple authorities have cancelled all special passes issued for visiting the temple from Monday to Saturday for the convenience of the general public.\"There will be long queues of devotees waiting for Ma's darshan after the door of the temple is opened. Giving priority to the masses, we have cancelled all special passes issued to enter the shrine,\" said Sarma.Special passes are issued to police officials, paramilitary forces, Army officials, VIPs and government officials by the temple authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378761", "title": "Naxals oppose Navegaon national park expansion", "text": "NAGPUR: The rebels from the banned outfit Communist Party of India (Maoist) have slammed Maharashtra forest minister Patangrao Kadam for the plan to expand Navegaon national park.The rebels have issued a pamphlet through the Naxals' North Gadchiroli-Gondia division committee, which is controlled by the Maharashtra state committee. They have claimed that the ambitious project of extending the periphery of the national park would displace 30 hamlets in Deori tehsil of Gondia district.Though not mentioned in the pamphlets, it is also learnt that the Naxals have called for an bandh in north Gadchiroli and Gondia districts of Maharashtra along with Balaghat in Madhya Pradesh and Rajnandgaon in Chhattisgarh on June 25 to protest the Operation Green Hunt by security forces.In their traditional way of criticizing the government, the Naxals have highlighted that a section of the government is planning to displace the tribal from their hamlets for the sake of capitalist ventures.Apart from opposing the national park expansion plan, the rebels have also urged the elected representatives to resign from their posts as they have so far played an indifferent role in addressing the grievances of people who voted them to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14380036", "title": "Cops go knocking on rowdies\u2019 dens", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Crime Branch (CCB) of city police on Sunday raided over 100 rowdysheeters.Five CCB teams took part in the operation at the end of which 34 rowdies were picked up for interrogation.Senior police officers said the raids were part of a regular exercise to keep a tab on the activities of these rowdies. Police were also looking out for any of plans chalked out by these men. A few lethal weapons were recovered during the raids.Shooter Imran, Tanveer and Sridhar alias Gorilla were among the elements targeted.All the 34 individuals picked up for questioning were released later.Police officers claimed that they had collected some vital information during the raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14379490", "title": "Oil recycling company alleges politics behind people's protest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Southern Refineries Limited, an oil recycling company which has been functioning for the past 20 years at Parassala, is facing closure after stiff objection from a section of local residents. The company management claimed that they were being unnecessarily targeted by a section of local residents alleging environmental pollution.Even a clearance certificate from the state pollution control board and a high court verdict in favour of the company did not help it overcome the resistance of the locals, who are allegedly mobilized by some local politicians with vested interests.On Friday, over 50 people barged into the company plant at Parassala and manhandled the company employees as the company and unleashed mayhem. The company was scheduled to reopen on Friday with the high court ruling in the company's favour, after remaining closed for over six months, following a dispute with the local panchayat.\"This is the first and only company to get the approval of the central government, which recycles petroleum products that too without causing environmental hazards,\" said group manager of the Southern Refineries Company Limited, Sreekumar.The dispute with the local people started when the company gave permanent jobs to the labourers, who took part in the construction of the plant avoiding the candidates recommended by a local politician. Ever since he has been giving headaches to the company by organizing public agitations frequently. The problem became worse recently when UDF took over the panchayat from LDF, which has been in power for over the past 15 years.However, the panchayat officials said that the company has been functioning without a licence and naturally it has to be shut down. \"No company can function without a valid licence issued by the local panchayat concerned. Also the functioning of company has caused serious health problems to the people in the neighbourhood,\" said Parassala panchayat president T K Sarojini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14381223", "title": "18-year-old girl buried under mound in Bhavnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: An 18-year-old girl died after a mound of sand collapsed at Vaghanagar village in Mahuva taluka of Bhavnagar district on Sunday.The deceased has been identified as Nita Bariaya. Police said that the incident occurred at around 6 pm. Four girls got buried when the sand mound collapsed on them. Two were rescued immediately and one Kajal Shiyal (16) was rushed to government hospital in Mahuva town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385466", "title": "Go It's Your Bday features DJ C-Stylez", "text": "Featured on the track is award winner DJ C-Stylez who has opened for heavyweights like The Black Eyed Peas, and T-Pain . The upbeat and radio friendly track was debuted in front of 40 000 people for the Prince and Princess's visit to the capital. The lyrics of the song provide an insight into the various Zodiac signs with an upbeat, party vibe to let loose and enjoy!The multi-faceted styles of A-SLAM, have landed him in various realms of the music industry from live performance, to electronic shows, and production. He's a seasoned pro who has toured nightclubs, and music festivals in five countries around the world. \"It was an honor to perform during Prince William and Kate Middleton's visit. The energy for Canada Day in Ottawa is unbelievable, so I'm hoping this new song will spread that vibe across the country,\" said A-SLAM when asked about the new single.A-SLAM is a JUNO and GIMA nominated producer. He attributes his success to world-class hit maker Adam H. who A-SLAM says, \"has taught me everything I know!\" In addition to opening in Canada for some of the biggest names in urban music including Jay Sean , Fat Joe, Apache Indian and Raghav, A-SLAM has been busy touring through Malaysia and India.Most recently he was selected in the Top 20 for Vancouver's Voice of the Cellar that will begin in the end of June, with his performance on June 27. A-SLAM's highly anticipated debut album \"Back Down\" releases this summer just in time for beach parties, summer club nights, and high-energy dance anthems.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384163", "title": "Jagathy will come back within two months", "text": "Veteran actor Jagathy Sreekumar is recovering from his injuries now. It is reported that he will be able to get back to the big screen in two to three months. He is able to move his body parts now and is in much better condition than before.Jagathy had met with an accident in the month of march and had sustained critical injuries. Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378967", "title": "Pench eco-sensitive zone proposal ready", "text": "NAGPUR: The territorial, wildlife and revenue department officials seem to have geared up to finalize the eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) proposals mandatory under the Environment Protection Act 1986.With ESZ proposals for Nagzira and New Nagzira wildlife sanctuaries and Navegaon National Park and New Navegaon Wildlife Sanctuary already with the government, officials have finalized a similar proposal for the Pench Tiger Reserve.The proposal of Pench was finalized at a meeting on June 22. It includes 49,466ha land with 55 villages, 19,608ha reserve forest (RF), 4,024ha protected forest (PF), 15,124ha Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) area and 10,709 hectare non-forest land.\"We were working on it since March and till now four meetings were held. The Pench proposal will be sent to the government through the chief wildlife warden soon,\" forest officials told TOI.\"The 'delineation of ESZs' would be site specific and relates to regulation, prohibition and permission. Once the ESZs are notified by the government, highly polluting units will not be allowed in such zones. If such units already exist they will be allowed to run till the licence exists,\" they said.Deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) for Gondia said the ESZ proposal for Navegaon and Nagzira is not as per the 10km radius but is site specific depending on the land use pattern.\"We started preparing the proposal in January and submitted it in April,\" Ramarao said.The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has reiterated its request to the states to declare 10km area around the national park and sanctuaries as ESZs. The MoEF had issued fresh guidelines on February 9, 2011 to all the chief wildlife wardens and PCCFs reminding them about the National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) decision on March 17, 2005, on delineation of ESZs.There is also a Supreme Court order December 4, 2006 on a PIL filed by the Goa Foundation on the issue of declaring ESZs. The apex court had also directed the MoEF to give a final opportunity to the states to respond to the NBWL decision in four weeks. However, very few states like Haryana, Gujarat, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Assam and Goa forwarded ESZs proposals.In Maharashtra, after court orders, the then PCCF B Majumdar had sent proposals for declaring ESZs around 41 PAs. The first proposal was of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), Borivili, but it was rejected looking into the cluster of buildings and apartments that have come up near the park.Of the remaining 40 PAs, the Great India Bustard (GIB) sanctuary in Solapur and Tungareshwar was not recommended for ESZ due to similar problems. Proposals for ESZs for around 38 sanctuaries were referred back by the government. Since then officials sat on the proposals.In November last, principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi initiated the process and accordingly things have started moving. The government has already declared buffer zones for three tiger reserves - Tadoba, Pench and Melghat.Talking to TOI, wildlife expert Kishor Rithe said the purpose of declaring ESZs around PAs is to create some kind of 'shock absorber' for the protected areas (PAs). They would also act as a transition zone from areas of high protection to areas involving lesser protection.Officials said many existing PAs have already undergone tremendous development in close vicinity to their boundaries. The best example is of the Adani power plant near the Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary and widening of NH6 and NH7 by the NHAI near Navegaon National Park and Pench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381868", "title": "'Indian society needs good managers to eradicate poverty'", "text": "Pankaj Chandra, director, Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM-B ), says Indian society needs good managers to eradicate poverty.Management remains a popular choice among students ; however, the question is whether India's business education is ready for the new needs and challenges. According to Pankaj Chandra, director, IIM-Bangalore , business education is in a state of flux at this point of time in India. Also, the scenario has changed globally as increasingly managers have to play a bigger role in society and its development; therefore, schools have to provide the right education and training for the managers of tomorrow.On the increasing number of Bschools in India, Chandra believes that every management institution in India is of a different quality and over a period of time the quality will improve. And those who do not offer quality education would eventually close down. However, according to him, IIMs have always been very dynamic. He says, \"When other business schools come up, their experiences will enrich us and ours will enrich them and we will grow together.\" Elaborating on the challenges, Chandra says the focus of developing nations should be on good managers who can work on solutions to eradicate poverty. \"Poverty is linked to government and its management. So, in many ways if we manage our government well, manage our public distribution system well, manage our traffic well, manage our urban processes well and manage water well, I think we can get rid of poverty.\"As far as the trends in business education in India are concerned, he adds, \"People are involved in different kinds of experiments. It's probably too early to say that there are some key trends that are emerging. But people are looking at sectoral MBAs, they are introducing more issues about society into the MBA programme and are starting to do more real-life projects. I believe all these are good trends.\"On whether a Bachelor of business administration (BBA) is gaining popularity in India, Chandra says, \"I hope not. This is because one needs to have a very strong undergraduate degree in some discipline before actually getting into management.\" He, however, supports students opting for specialised Master's courses in business education if not an MBA.As told to Vishakha Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386887", "title": "First look of Allu Sirish\u2019s Gauravam", "text": "Catch the first look photo of Allu Sirish starrer \"Gauravam\". The film title sounds like a family entertainer but the first look makes the audience think otherwise. The makers have release the first poster, which looks very interesting as it shows barren land and a decrepit building, contrary to the movie's title. So is this a publicity strategy from the makers? Let's see!Yami Gautham is paired opposite Allu Sirish in this bilingual film (Telugu and Tamil), which is directred by Radha Mohan and produced by Prakash Raj under Duet Movies banner. SS Thaman is composing the music and Preetha is handling the cinematography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380480", "title": "Cable work to end today", "text": "HYDERABAD: After months of inconvenience caused to residents and commuters and huge losses to businesses in the area, a ray of hope has emerged for citizens as the cable laying work at the Darulshifa-Chaderghat stretch is slated to be completed by Monday evening.The pits which were dug up by APTransco around three months ago have become a nuisance to citizens. With the onset of the monsoon, rain water has accumulated in them, making them dangerous for commuters and passersby and turning them into breeding grounds for mosquitoes.Locals informed that lamented the horde of problems caused by the large pits that were dug up and left uncovered for months. \"The rain has made it worse. Water is getting accumulated and the mud around the edges has become loose, increasing the chances of passersby slipping and falling into the pit. Traffic, which is already a major issue in the monsoon, is now an even bigger problem thanks to these open pits,\" said Mohammed Pasha, a resident of the area.His fears were justified as a few days ago, a girl reportedly fell into one of the pits and they had to carry out a minor rescue operation to pull her out. \"The girl lost her balance on the mud and fell into the pit in front of my shop. People from the area gathered there and pulled her out. Fortunately, she fell on the side and not in the centre where the collected water makes it difficult to judge the depth,\" said Syed Iqbal, proprietor of a catering services store in the area.Further talking about how his business has been affected due to the large pit right in front of his shop, he said, \"This area has been left dug-up for months now and the total losses my shop has suffered is around Rs 2 lakh as customers cannot access my shop, and the mosquito menace due to the stagnant water in the pit is not helping.\"Another such pit in front of New Life Hospital was recently covered, but hospital employees said that the result was far from satisfactory. Seema Sultana, one such employee said, \"The pit was not covered properly and due to the rain, the mud is loose and the surface is uneven. It is causing the traffic to slow down greatly and eating away the parking space for our patients and visitors. This is a main road and I hope the authorities take proper action soon.\"Officials of APTransco meanwhile blamed the rain for the delay in completion of the work but promised that it would be wrapped up by Monday evening. \"I have instructed the workers to work overnight on Sunday and complete the covering of the open pits and compacting the mud in the pit in front of the hospital to allow free vehicle movement. The cable has been laid and only the covering needs to be done. It will be completed by Monday evening,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378880", "title": "Indian Medical Association to organize street play, protest march today", "text": "NAGPUR: As the city doctors join medicos across the country for a one-day token strike on Monday, the city branch of Indian Medical Association plans to bring attention to their problems through a street play and a protest march. IMA has garnered support from various quarters like dentists, homoeopathy and ayurveda practitioners, medical teachers and resident doctors among others for the strike.All those supporting the strike will gather at IMA Hall in the afternoon to prepare a memorandum to be handed over to the divisional commissioner later in the day. On their way to the commissioner's office, the doctors will present a skit to keep their side of the story in front of the people.\"Our biggest complaint is that the government authorities never discussed with us before announcing the act. We tried to communicate the practical difficulties that would be caused by it with the administration. It is only after all these efforts failed that we decided to take the extreme step of organizing a nationwide strike,\" said Dr Ashok Adhao, former national president of IMA and state coordinator for the strike.\"We regret the inconvenience caused to patients due to the strike but the fact that we have the support of so many organizations shows that we have some legitimate problems that need to be sorted out,\" said Dr Harish Chandak, president of the city branch of IMA. Organizations like Indian Dental Association (IDA), Homoeopathic Integrated Medical Practitioners Association of Maharashtra, Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association, Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors and Medical Representative Association have supported the doctors' cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379900", "title": "MP to review educational tribunal draft bill", "text": "BHOPAL: A sub-committee of the fee and regulatory committee of Madhya Pradesh will start a review of the provisions of the draft of the educational tribunal bill 2010 from June 26. The union ministry of human resources development has asked the states to review the provisions of the bill and file a report.The draft bill is likely to be re-introduced in the Rajya Sabha after the feedback from the states.Officer on special duty, fee and admission regulatory committee, Sunil Kumar said the priority would be to discuss the pros and cons of the draft bill in MP.\"Every state has its own issues. MP is becoming an educational hub but it still needs lot of development. We can't compare our state with any other state. The sub-committee will debate about the consequences of implementing the bill in MP,\" Kumar said.The draft bill if passed by the Upper House would pave the way for establishing educational tribunals at the national and state levels to expedite adjudication of disputes in the education sector. These include disputes involving teachers and employees of higher education and other stakeholders such as students, universities (including foreign education providers) and statutory regulatory authorities.Presently, the only option available with the teachers and students for seeking justice is the court. It is expected that the establishment of the tribunals at national and state level would help victim get justice in quick time.Kumar said the order of the tribunal shall be treated as decree of a civil court. \"If orders of the national or state tribunal are not complied with, the person shall be liable to imprisonment for a maximum of three years or with fine of upto Rs 10 lakh or with both,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14378836", "title": "Chanda doctors to go on strike today", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: All medical facilities except emergency health services will be paralysed in the district as entire medico fraternity will go on day long token strike on Monday. The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has given a call for token strike against alleged anti-doctor policies of union government. Organization related all streams of health services have extended their support to the strike.Interacting with the reporters, Chandrapur IMA president Dr Mahavir Soitkar informed that their main objection is on Clinical Establishment Act (CEA) which was passed without any discussion with doctors' representatives. \"It will facilitate corporate health services, while those practicing at smaller level will be forced to close down. The Act has so stringent norms regarding basic infrastructure at any clinic or hospital that it is hard to maintain. The Act also disallows the doctors to take up other business once they are registered under the CEA,\" he said.IMA spokesperson Dr Mangesh Gulwade told that their second objection is over starting of three-year course called Bachelor of Rural Health Care (BRHC) to serve rural population. \"It will produce half baked doctors who will compulsorily serve in rural areas. Government has taken this decision claiming that MBBS doctors are not ready to serve in rural areas, which is untrue. Doctors are ready to serve in rural areas but government needs to provide necessary facilities at the hospital they serve,\" he said.He also alleged that government is stabbing the democratic way of elections in Medical Council of India (MCI). He informed that government has sacked MCI president and it is now looked after by government appointed representative. The decision of holding NEET exams without considering IMA's suggestions will also be flayed during the strike. He held that the IMA agrees with the rule of five years service in rural areas by doctors after their internship, however demands that this rule should be applicable to only those studying in government colleges.Dr Gulwade informed all doctors in town will gather at local IMA hall in the morning. Later a protest march will be taken out up to district collectorate and they would hand over a memorandum of demands to collector. Similar protest march would also be taken out in rural level where IMA has its branches. Different organizations of doctors including, National Integrated Medical Association, General Practitioner Medical Associating, Indian Dental Association, Maharashtra Association of Gazetted Medical Officers, organizations of homoeopath doctors and others have supported the strike.He claimed that no doctor will entertain the patients at any clinic or hospital during the strike. But, handful of doctors at civil hospital will see the emergency patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379703", "title": "Selfish Pakistan army may spark nuclear war with India: Bangladesh envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of his publications which he presented to BJP leader LK Advani last week, Bangladeshi high commissioner to India Ahmed Tariq Karim attacked the Pakistan army saying its \"selfish corporate\" interests may spark off a nuclear confrontation with India.In the 19-page document, excerpts from which have been displayed by Advani on his blog, Karim said the armed standoff between India and Pakistan over Kashmir was \"inevitably enlarged by the Pakistan military into a permanent security threat to the newly established Muslim nation\".\"While the Indian leadership, despite the conflict with Pakistan, chose the path of democracy and invested in strengthening their democratic and civic institutions, the political leadership of Pakistan used Kashmir as the reason for embarking on the road to authoritarian governance,\" Karim said.\"Ironically, in the process, they sowed the seeds for their own displacement by the very institution that was normally meant to be the guardian of their security,\" he added in the pamphlet titled 'Pakistan: Stalking Armageddon?'According to Karim, Pakistan in its obsession with matching India tit-for-tat in missiles and the nuclear race, has \"failed to address more fundamental problems related to societal development within its own orders, and has gone pretty nigh bankrupt in the process\".In the pamphlet, Karim cited seven \"deadly sins\" of Pakistan which were responsible for the political problems and weak democracy in the neighbouring country.These, according to Karim, were doctrines of Islamic invincibility over Hindus, West Pakistani superiority over inferior Bengalis (Bangladeshis), its indispensability as a strategic ally of the US, too much emphasis on relations with China and Iran, a belief that majority of Kashmiris want to join Pakistan, and that defence of East Pakistan lay in the plains of Punjab (Pakistan).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385973", "title": "Salman can do action, say family and friends", "text": "The recent reports claiming that Salman Khan has been told to stay off even the mildest action sequences due to his neurological condition has taken the industry by surprise.\"It is strange that all his films currently being shot are action-oriented be it Dabangg 2 or Ek Tha Tiger . Even the one I am writing Sher Khan has lot of action,\" says writer Rumi Jaffrey who has written about a dozen films of Salman Khan in the past that include Judwaa , Mujhse Shaadi Karogi , Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya among others. \"If it was that serious then Salman would have himself opted for romantic and comedy films instead of hardcore action ones. He would have chosen another story,\" adds Rumi. Quoting a \"close friend\" of the actor, the report says that even a slight misjudged punch on his face could trigger off his condition and cause acute pain, and that the collective decision has been taken by the family members and filmmakers to keep him \"out of danger as much as possible\". Totally rubbishing the report and further clarifying on this, Salman's brother-in-law Atul Agnihotri (producer of Bodyguard) reacts, \"The report is baseless. Salman is currently shooting action sequence for Dabangg 2 at Mehboob Studio.\" However, Salman is someone who is known for taking risks, say the industry sources. \"People as well as we friends keep advising him so many things, 'don't do this, don't do that' but Salman doesn't listen. That is his nature,\" says the writer while narrating an incident during the making of Tumko Na Bhool Payenge about a decade ago. \"Even as we were telling him to not to jump from terrace of Hotel Centaur to the ground and let the body double do so, he took the leap himself,\" says the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380537", "title": "NHRM orders proper monitoring of pregnancy and child tracking system", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to strengthen the pregnancy and child tracking system (PCTS), which earned the state government a national award for e-governance for the year 2011-12 for its uniqueness and efficiency in tracking each and every pregnant and infant in the state, the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has directed all the programme managers to step up efforts to monitor the PCTS in their respective districts.Recently, the PCTS has been affected as the medical, health and family welfare department officials in many districts are not feeding the data properly.The PCTS connects all the sub-centres, primary health centres, community health centres and district hospitals. It was designed in 2009 and since then is aiding the medical health and family welfare department in providing improved healthcare services to pregnant women and infants.NRHM mission director Gayatri Rathore directed all the district programme managers to monitor and ensure proper feeding of data in PCTS. She had sent a letter to all the district programme managers in Junesaying that any carelessness could invite strict action, an NRHM official said.Under the PCTS, the medical, health and family welfare officials have to feed details of the pregnant women including their 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and complete antenatal check ups.Also, the PCTS maintains details of delivery and immunization of infants.The PCTS facilitates the state government in keeping an eye on all the pregnant women and infants. Since Rajasthan's health indicators like maternal mortality ratio (MMR), infant mortality rate (IMR) and institutional deliveries were not so good, the PCTS system was implemented to keep a check on all the pregnant women to ensure that they get the benefit of the schemes introduced by the government for improving MMR and IMR.An NRHM official said that the district programme managers were also directed to feed the details of health volunteers and Accredited Social Health Activists in the PCTS but 100% data feeding has not happened yet. This shows that PCTS data feeding has not been monitored properly, he said.The medical department is also planning to incorporate the details of each and every individual child to keep track of malnourished and underweight children in the state, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379993", "title": "Purulia case: CBI sleuth in Denmark to push for Kim Davy\u2019s extradition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has sent one of its officers to Copenhagen to convince Danish legal authorities to contest in the Supreme Court the ruling of Danish high court rejecting the extradition of Purulia arms drop case accused Kim Davy.The CBI's attempts to bring Davy back to face trial in the 17-year-old arms drop case met a severe blow last year after the high court in Copenhagen rejected the extradition case citing poor prison conditions in India.The Danish authorities which were contesting the case had decided against filing appeal in the Supreme Court, CBI sources said. After negotiations at top levels, CBI has sent a DIG level officer to Copenhagen to convince the Danish authorities that all available legal options must be exploited, they said.The sources said the purpose of the visit was to convince the Danish authorities that an appeal should be filed in the Supreme Court there. The agency was initially contemplating to allow the trial through video-conferencing, but it did not take any final decision on that option, they said.The sources refused to confirm whether any such subject would arise during deliberations with Danish authorities. Denmark had accepted India's request for extraditing Davy, but it was challenged by the Purulia arms drop accused in the city court in Copenhagen. The Danish court had rejected the plea of the Danish government which was also upheld by the high court there.The high court rejected Davy's extradition, citing poor prison conditions including overcrowding, torture and human rights record of India. The CBI in consultation with the home ministry has even tried to pursue the matter through diplomatic channels after which it was decided that an officer could be sent to Copenhagen to negotiate with the Danish legal authorities, the sources said.The case relates to the incident on the night of December 17, 1995 when an AN-26 aircraft dropped arms and ammunition in West Bengal's Purulia district. The consignment had hundreds of AK-47 rifles, pistols, anti-tank grenades, rocket launchers and thousands of rounds of ammunition. The crew of the aircraft consisted of five Latvian citizens and British citizen Peter Bleach, who were all arrested.Davy, a Danish citizen and the prime accused in the case, had managed to escape. The crew was released from prison in Kolkata in 2000 after requests from the Russian authorities, while Peter Bleach was given a presidential pardon in 2004 following requests by the UK government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14381526", "title": "Civic polls: Voters seek better civic amenities", "text": "VARANASI: The people of the holy city exercised their right to franchise in the local body elections on Sunday to elect the new mayor and corporators, with expectations of getting better civic amenities.The people have been facing problems like improper water supply, traffic jams, poor sewage and drainage system and pathetic condition of roads. \"We want better living conditions,\" said an elderly voter after casting his vote.Though the expectations of people were high, the records of municipal corporation suggest that it had to toil hard to overcome many problems. A number of projects are in progress under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).One of the major problems is water supply and quality of water. According to the JNNURM report, Asi nullah discharges waste water in the upstream of the river. The drinking water pipe network passes near the nullahs and drains. There are chances of contamination of supply water through the damaged portion of pipelines. The treated water gets contaminated as the distribution lines pass near the sewer lines, open drains and nullahs. Some of the pipelines are 100 years old and deep down the ground, which are difficult to maintain and need replacement.Another major problem people have to face is sewage overflow and bad condition of sewer lines. According to the records, the situation of the sewerage is rather poor. Presently, only 30% of the total area has underground sewer network, with total length of about 400km. The existing sewer network caters primarily to the old city, comprising mainly ghat areas. Entire trans-Varuna and nearly 50% part of Cis-Varuna areas have no sewerage. The existing system is inadequate, with 70% area of the city uncovered, leading to discharge of untreated sewage in open drains polluting Ganga and Varuna rivers.The pathetic condition of cleanliness and sanitation is another major problem of the city.Though the project of solid waste management has been undertaken under JNNURM, the city continues to struggle for proper disposal of municipal waste. The waste dumped in drains and rivers lead to waterlogging.The local residents have to face frequent traffic jams and poor condition of roads. The encroachments in form of temporary shops and extensions of existing shops on roads lead to traffic jams.According to records, the geometry and design of roads do not comply with norms and standards.The roadside parking causes traffic jams in all the areas and there is lack of adequate parking space.There are 227 slums spread all over the city, either on government or private lands. Population in the slums varies from 200 to almost 9,000 people with varied densities. Rapid growth of slums in Varanasi has put a lot of pressure on the existing land resources and infrastructure and led to deterioration of its physical environment.The records suggest that majority of slums have poor water supply and sanitation facilities. The drainage system is bad in these areas and leads to waterlogging. The poor environmental conditions within the slum areas have adversely affected the health of the residents. Financial constraints on the part of civic authorities and unauthorized nature of the slums have also contributed to non-delivery or partial delivery of basic amenities. The slum population in the city accounts for about 37.69% of the total population.The JNNURM report shows that the city is marred with unhygienic conditions on ghats, approach roads, uneven steps to ghats, lack of maintenance, unregulated traffic, and unorganized commercial activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381392", "title": "Builders lure GenNext with Jacuzzi and cinema halls", "text": "KOCHI: Builders are now offering a bouquet of posh amenities to attract high-end buyers of the younger generation. The unique selling proposition for a project is the matchless service at a buyer's disposal at prime locations for a price and builders are also including cinema halls in their luxury projects to keep pace with changing lifestyles.Realty firms strongly feel that they should provide almost all modern facilities in an apartment complex so that residents need not go out for recreational activities after a busy day. With this in mind, some construction companies in the state are adopting common features of apartment complexes found in many western countries.\"We designed one of our ongoing projects keeping in mind the requirements of new age professionals who work late into the night. They look for recreational facilities within their premises. These youngsters travel extensively and would love to have the very same facilities-which they experienced abroad - in their residential areas. Recreational facilities like squash courts, Jacuzzi, sauna, gym, swimming pool, theatre and rain stand are all part of this package,\" said K V Abdul Aziz of Skyline Builders.Promoters are ready to provide air-conditioned cinema halls with push back chairs, projectors of superior quality and sound system matching multiplex standards. Some builders incorporate facilities like restaurants and roof top gardens and build apartment complexes. \"Such facilities encourage community living in residential complexes,\" said director of HiLITE builders K P Noushad. The company has incorporated a cinema hall in one of their completed projects in Kozhikode.\"Watching high-voltage cricket or football matches alone, especially at night, can be a boring affair. Availability of a common cinema hall with advanced facilities will give occupants a chance to watch the same on a big screen with equally interested neighbours,\" he said.Though buyers have to shell out more money for additional facilities, builders admit that high-end apartments are in great demand in cities.Realty firms claim that projects with novel facilities get buyers even before it is completed. Builders are charging above Rs 3,500/sqft for such projects compared to Rs 2,500 for regular housing ones. The cost also depends on area and locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14379750", "title": "Jaya nod to new multi-crore civil station complex in Tirupur", "text": "COIMBATORE: A civil station complex will come up in Tirupur very soon to accommodate key offices including those of district collector and police superintendent. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa, who is currently staying in Kodanadu in The Nilgiris, issued an order on Sunday sanctioning Rs 52,13 crore for the construction of the huge building complex, which would also accommodate different courts in the town and fire brigade.The collector's camp office, a circuit house for visiting VIPs and quarters for government employees will also come up in the huge complex, where all district level revenue offices would also find place.The chief minister also ordered disbursement of Rs 51,25,39,800 from the exchequer for paying the land price for the proposed complex to its present custodian, Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department.Though the district was formed during 2008 by bifurcating Coimbatore district, all the offices including key revenue offices are now scattered all over the city. The AIADMK government is planning to bring all the offices under a common umbrella by constructing the building complex.In a release, the chief minister recalled that people of Tirupur were facing enormous hardship because of the functioning of key government offices in different parts of the city. \"People are facing enormous difficulty in getting their needs materialized by traveling across the city to reach different offices. The new bulding complex would be of great use for them as it would not only unite all revenue offices in a common building but also bring together other important wings like judiciary, police and fire force. The aim is to ensure better governance through greater coordination to the people of Tirupur,'' the release stated.She informed that the construction of the building complex would begin very soon. According to sources in the district administration, it is rare that the major district offices come under a common roof.\"The idea is innovative and unique as both collector's office and his camp office would function in a single building complex. The chief minister wants to accommodate even the circuit house in the complex. Public will no more wander around in the city as police and juciary too are under the same roof,'' said a senior official. The district with an estimated population of 2,27, 441 has a strong industrial and trade base and it is expected that the coming together of governmental offices under a common building complex would usher a new era in industrial and infrastructure growth.The release promised more similar steps in the future for streamlining administration and ensuring effective governance for the public. It also promised enhancing the efficiency of the department for improved service to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14386902", "title": "332 included in the merit list for professional courses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Change in the marks during the re-evaluation and re-assessment process made about 332 students eligible for admission to the engineering and pharmacy.Officials in the admission committee for professional courses (ACPC) said that according to the figures provided to them by the Gujarat Secondary and higher Secondary Education board, there were changes in the marks of 690 students of these 332 who had earlier not qualified became eligible for the admissions. These students were left out in the final merit list which was prepared by the ACPC.Finally following intervention of the Education department these eligible 332 students have been included in the merit list. Officials said that the students were complaining that they were left out without fault of theirs.Officials said that these students who were mainly from Patan and Surat as the invigilators were given wrong answer keys as a result these students had major errors in the checking. Finally when the papers were checked again with the correct answer key these students were eligible for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14378976", "title": "Path labs attack: 6 MNS men surrender", "text": "YAVATMAL: Six activists of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena surrendered before police in connection with the pathology laboratory attacks case. Police had booked 15 MNS men for ransacking three private pathology labs in the city.\"The six activists surrendered before police on Saturday evening and were produced before the magistrate on Sunday who granted them bail,\" said Wadgaon Road police station officer Sarjerao Gaikwad, adding, \"We are searching for nine others who are absconding.\"Those who surrendered are Neeraj Waghmare, Deva Shivramwar, Nana Doijad, Shiva Bhagat, Prashant Rangari and Vikas Pawar.Superintendent of police P Ranjankumar Sharma has cautioned the six MNS activists of stringent action if they tried to take law into their hands again.The MNS activists led by its district organizer Neeraj Waghmare had barged into three pathology laboratories on Thursday under the impression that the proprietors are not qualified to run the laboratories. They ransacked the labs and manhandled one of the owners and his woman helper and damaged the equipment and furniture. The lab owners had jointly lodged a complaint with Wadgaon Road Police who booked 15 MNS workers later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380327", "title": "Clean chit for NDA chief", "text": "MUMBAI: In February, the NDA had invited applications to appoint 40 subordinate staff, like cook, gardener, library and laboratory attendants, cadet orderly and lower division clerks. Six persons have been arrested so far in connection with a money-for-job scam.The CBI said it was questioning Col A K Singh, who headed a board of officers that would recommend candidates, to find out whether he was working alongside Colonel Kulbir Singh (not Kulwinder as reported in Sunday's TOI). Kulbir was arrested on Saturday.\"Kulbir did not have the authority to recommend appointments, which lay exclusively with the board. If the board gave positive recommendation, the chances of ineligible candidates securing jobs increased. Hence, it was necessary to investigate A K Singh,\" said a senior CBI officerA special CBI court in Pune remanded the six arrested to CBI custody till July 2. Apart from Kulbir, the other five detainees are: Ramesh Gaikwad, a grade IV NDA employee, Bal Kishen Kanojia, who runs a food stall in Pune, his employee Vishnu Sharma, and two suspected touts, Manoj Sheetal Kar and Dattatre Sheetal Kar.The accused had allegedly taken signatures of candidates who had agreed to pay the bribe on blank sheets and later filled them with correct answers, he said. The CBI said while Rs 4 lakh was seized from Kulbir's residence, another Rs 82 lakh was found in the house of an associate of the army officer who was being questioned. Kanojia's house yielded Rs 50 lakh and Gaikwad's Rs 18 lakh. The balance Rs 3 lakh and Rs 3.2 lakh were recovered from Manoj Sheetal Kar and Vishnu Sharma's residences, CBI officials said.The CBI also claimed to have seized a candidates' name and interview letters from the Kanojia's residence and a list of those who had paid bribe from Sharma's residence. Candidates' statements would be recorded soon as only witnesses as of now, the officials said.The CBI has ruled out NDA commandant Jatinder Singh's involvement. \"He was not even aware. It is embarrassing that his trust was betrayed,\" said a senior CBI officer.However, questions are being raised as to whether Kulbir, who is learnt to have confessed to his alleged crime, was protecting some senior officials. \"As a staff officer is chosen personally by the commandant, Kulbir's opinion could have played some role in the recruitment approval process. As he enjoyed the commandant's confidence, the board's recommendations would not have merited much unless some board officer protested. It would, thus, be imperative for the sleuths to find out who are the other officers involved in the scam and the real beneficiary along with Kulbir,\" said an army officer who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14384313", "title": "Key Mumbai terror attack handler arrested in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: After tracking him for more than three years, security agencies have arrested Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Hamza, alleged Lashker-e-Taiba ultra and the Hindi tutor of 10 terrorists who carried out the audacious attack in Mumbai in 2008.The 30-year-old Ansari alias Abu Jindal, who hails from Georai area of Beed district in Maharashtra, was arrested on June 21 when he arrived in India from a Gulf country, official sources said on Monday.India had also secured an Interpol Red Corner notice against him in which he was accused of crimes involving the use of weapons, explosives and terrorism.With his arrest, the mysterious voice recorded during the conversation between 10 Lashker terrorists and their handlers in Pakistan has been identified, the sources said.According to the officials associated with the probe, Ansari had told Lashker terrorists carrying out attack in Nariman House to convey to the media that the \"attack was a trailer and the entire movie was yet to come\".The voice was that of Ansari and after this his activities were traced before he was finally nabbed in a Gulf country, according to officials.In the intercepted tapes, Ansari was also heard using typical Hindi words like \"prashasan\" (government) and was directing the terrorists to conceal their Pakistani identity and identify themselves from Deccan Mujahideen hailing from Toli Chowk in Hyderabad.His presence was also stated by Ajmal Kasab , the lone terrorist arrested during the Mumbai attack, in his deposition before a special court. He told the court that one person by the name of Abu Jindal had tutored 10 terrorists on how to speak Hindi.Missing since 2005, Ansari, who had undergone training at Indian Technical Institute in Beed, had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashker-e-Taiba after he was indoctrinate by banned SIMI post Gujarat riots in 2002.The Central security agencies had quizzed many arrested terrorists to study the case of Ansari during which it came to light that he had been operating out of terror camps in Karachi and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and was a key figure in the terror group's plan to carry out the strikes in the country's hinterland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385248", "title": "Shankar\u2019s \u201cI\u201d is budgeted around 70 crores?", "text": "Shankar is one such director who always believes in perfection. Starting from \"Gentleman\" to \"Robo\", all his films were big budget extravaganzas where the ace filmmaker has not comprised on cost or content. The maverick filmmaker is once again all poised for a big budgeted film \"I\".Sources close to the director say that \"I\" will be yet another big budgeted film given the cast and crew working for the film. According to the production estimate, the film will demand a budget of 70 crores if the script is to be shot properly. Moreover, since majority of the crew hails from Hollywood, Shankar's films will naturally be a big ticket bonanza.Apart from casting Vikram, Samantha and Suresh Gopi, Shankar crew includes music director AR Rahman, Mary Vogt, the costume designer who worked for \"Men in Black\", Peter Ming of China Martial arts for action sequences, CG specialists from Australian Rising Pictures ('Harry Potter' series), renowned cinematographer P C Sriram, etc. This handpicked select team of technicians has already etched their names on the celluloid world. And no wonder \"I\" is going be one of the much awaited movies!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378766", "title": "Mayor, civic chief assure to probe Starbus use by corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole and officiating municipal commissioner Saurabh Rao have assured to check into the misuse of Starbuses by corporators for private purposes without paying a single rupee. Shockingly, this was not the first time such misuse has happened. Also, Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), a special purpose vehicle formed by NMC for operation of Starbuses, was aware of the misuse of Starbuses by corporators.Sole told TOI that the Starbuses may be used for any mass public meeting or international cricket tournament subject to charges being paid, for the convenience of citizens. \"I am not aware of any corporator using Starbuses for private purpose, that too without paying charges. I will check into the issue. The Starbuses may be utilized after ensuring there is no disturbance to regular service,\" he said.Rao, who is also district collector, also said that he would check into the issue. \"I am not aware of the issue and will check with NMC officials,\" he said.On Saturday, a Starbus (MH-31-CA-6185) was used to ferry guests for the wedding of a relative of Shiv Sena corporator from Garoba Maidan ward Sheetal Gharat on her recommendation, without any charge. This TOI reporter also saw another Starbus (MH-31-CA-6108) was used to transport a marriage party from Nandanvan to Hingna Road.A senior official from Starbus operator Vansh Nimay Infra Projects Pvt Ltd told TOI that this was not the first time that Starbuses had to be given for private purposes on the directives of corporators. \"There have been dozens of occasions when Starbuses were taken by corporators for private use without paying a single rupee. Starbuses have been used by office bearers too in similar manner,\" he said.A senior NMC official said that the issue was also known to the board of directors of NMPL. \"The issue was raised by the administration in a meeting of NMPL around 5-6 months ago. Starbuses cannot be used for private purposes like wedding ceremonies etc. The issue was discussed in the meeting with the then mayor Archana Dehankar and municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and other directors were also present,\" he said.According to the agreement, the Starbus operator has to pay revenue to NMC for each Starbus. If the corporators had taken the Starbuses without paying charges, it is also a financial loss for NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380288", "title": "Cops lodge cases against anti-Dhoble protesters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police allowed a peace march against \"moral policing\" on Carter Road on Sunday to flow unhindered but later registered cases against the protesters. Around 6pm, about 200 citizens wielding black banners and symbolic hockey sticks made of thermocol walked the length of the promenade before winding up by singing the national anthem. The organizers were denied permission for the protest by the police on the grounds that Carter Road \"witnesses busy traffic and pedestrian movement\". Nevertheless, they went ahead and promised to submit a memorandum to the state government seeking to amend \"archaic laws\", particularly Bombay Police Act, 1951.Some residents of Bandra, which is home to scores of pubs and eateries, arrived to show solidarity. Among them were two entrepreneurs who had been forced to shut shop owing to police raids. \"We ran a nightclub in Parel. Around five months ago, the Social Service Branch began to conduct raids, detain patrons and harass us under various pretexts,\" one of the owners said. \"We were faced with no option but to close the place down.\" The rally bore prominent signs of discontent against ACP Vasant Dhoble of the Social Service Branch. Four young professionals\u2014Karan Shah, Rixi Bhatia, Timka Bhatia and Saba Sharma\u2014whose friends were held in a raid, had prepared banners that read 'Change Prehistoric Laws' and 'I am doing this for my children'.\"The protesters have been booked under section 135 of the Bombay Police Act for breaching prohibitory orders to assemble. We have taken down their names,\" said DCP (zone IX) Pratap Dighavkar. Cases were lodged at Khar and Bandra police stations.The police had denied permission to demonstrate to anti-Dhoble protesters as well as to those wishing to gather at Carter Road and show support for the ACP. On Sunday, the latter group, which included members of residents' associations from the western suburbs, assembled at a Khar library and launched a drive called 'Citizens for a Better Mumbai'.\"We will file RTI applications in each region to find out which pubs and hotels are operating without proper licences. Representatives from Juhu, Amboli, Oshiwara, Lokhandwala, Santa Cruz and Khar are already part of the movement. In our next meet, we intend to invite residents' associations from the eastern suburbs,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the H-West Federation. The residents spoke to police chief Arup Patnaik on phone and expressed their support for police action against establishments operating illegally.Another attendee, ex-cop Shamsher Pathan, said, \"When our group sought permission to protest on Carter Road, we were denied it and told that stringent sections (143 and 147 of the IPC) would be invoked if we went ahead. We therefore met at a library in Khar. But the anti-Dhoble group, which went ahead with its protest without police permission, have been booked on minor charges. Why have the police used different yardsticks? We are contemplating going to court in this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14381507", "title": "Work together for success in assembly polls: Sonia to TPCC", "text": "AGARTALA: Congress president Sonia Gandhi has urged the faction-riddled Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee (TPCC) to set individual differences aside and work for the success of the party the upcoming assembly election.In a meeting with Tripura Congress legislators and top leaders in New Delhi on Friday following the debacle in prestigious Nalchar by-election on June 12, she advised the party men to work together against the Left Front.\"She assured us that New Delhi will extend all support to win the election,\" said leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath.In an hour long discussion followed by individual interaction, Sonia assured the state chapter that AICC is committed to oust the Left from power, Nath said.He, however, pointed out that she had asked them go to individual households with poverty alleviation and self-employment programmes of the UPA government and expose falsification and misrule of the Left Front regime.\"Despite pumping huge amounts of money for rural development and poverty alleviation, 68 per cent of the people in Tripura are still below poverty line and surprisingly the figure has remained constant over the years,\" Gandhi reminded the leaders.She also asked the leaders to work for unemployed youths and underprivileged sections of the society and take the UPA's developmental programme to the common people well before the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379268", "title": "UID phase II begins in rural parts of Pune", "text": "PUNE: Over 25 lakh residents of the rural parts of the district are expected to enroll for Aadhar or the unique identification (UID) number during the second phase of the project, which started recently. As of now, the administration has started UID centres in three talukas. Officials said the remaining talukas will be covered soon.The first phase of the project, which continued for one year, recorded a low response wherein only 35% of the total population in 13 talukas, 11 municipal councils and three cantonments registered for UID. Though the enrollment in the municipal councils remained as high as 70%, for talukas and cantonment boards, the enrollment was around 25%.UID work came to a standstill in the district in March following state government's instructions.For the second phase, the administration has appointed three agencies. An official in the district administration said steps to increase registrations are being initiated across the district. In the first phase, the shortage of machines at some locations hampered registration. It improved only during last few months when additional machines were procured.\"We have asked the agencies to provide the required infrastructure at every centre. The officers have been asked to conduct review meetings with the agencies. We will also take feedback from local representatives,\" said an official.According to the district administration, an identity proof, residence and birth date proofs are required at the time of enrollment. After filling up the detailed form, the officials at the centres collect the biometric impressions of fingers and the iris scans of the applicants. After completion of formalities, a 12-digit UID is issued. A receipt is given to the applicant at the time of enrollment and the UID number card is sent by post to the applicant's address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380148", "title": "Haryana to mandate zero wastage of water", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana will soon make it mandatory for all new residential, commercial and industrial sectors to achieve zero wastage of water. The state, which has been witnessing hectic industrialization and urbanization, is taking this step keeping in mind the growing scarcity of water in Haryana and the pan-India trend.A top government official said the state was facing shortage of water and Delhi was demanding more supply of raw water from Haryana. \"An estimate prepared in 1996 projected that we needed 36 million acre feet (MAF) water annually to meet our demands whereas the water available was only 14 MAF. The demand of water has grown but the availability has not improved. So, we need to take some preventive steps including compulsory 100% use of recycled water across the state,\" the official said.According to rough estimates, only 20% of water that people get is put to potable use. Sources said the irrigation department would come out with an executive order to conserve and reuse waste water. \"We will only keep supplying 20% water for drinking purposes and the agencies or companies developing any area would be responsible for 100% recycle and reuse of water. We will link this to the provision of licensing for developing any real estate project,\" the official said.The irrigation department is also considering the proposal to supply only recycled water to companies for industrial use so that there is major reduction in demand. \"Industrial houses can take separate connection to meet their drinking water needs. We have no option than taking these steps,\" an irrigation department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384483", "title": "Firstlook of Tatya Vinchu's animated character out", "text": "Producers Amit Katariya, Raju Parakh and Alpesh Parakh's debut venture 'Tatya Vinchu Lage Raho' has its protagonist character in animation. It is for the first time in Marathi film industry, the young producers team has come up with such a new concept. The film stars Sanjay Narvekar, Pratiksha Jadhav and Sheetal Pathak in lead roles.\"For the first time we are introducing protagonist in an animation character. It has face of Kingkong, body of Spiderman and tail of dianosaur. USP of this film is animation and south styled action scenes. If we get success we will make sequel of Tatya Vinchu,\" Amol Muke, director of the movie added. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14382173", "title": "Civic body to launch SMS alert service", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Malappuram municipality is all set to start SMS alert service with an aim to improve the delivery of its services to general public. The SMS alert service will give regular updates about the various services being provided by the municipality to the public and municipal councillors.The programme is being implemented by the IT wing of the municipality in association with a private firm 'SMS Punnus.in' at Malappuram.\"We will collect mobile numbers of about 40,000 people from 40 wards in the muncipality with the support of Kudumbasree workers and an SMS will be sent whenever the municipality wants to pass information to the public or its council members,\" sources said.The services that would come under SMS alert include licence renewal dates, tax payment reminders, campaign notifications, local news alerts, health alerts, traffic alerts, ward-level alerts and messages from chairman or council members.The SMS alert service was outsourced to a private firm in Malappuram, and they will provide free service for the first three months. The service would be started once the collection of contact numbers gets over. Shahul Panakkal, director of 'SMS Punnus.in', said Malappuram is the first muncipality in the state to launch the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384685", "title": "Gurinder Chadha runs with Olympic torch", "text": "Bend It Like Beckham director Gurinder Chadha ran with with the Olympics torch on Saturday in the small English town of Blackpool where decades ago she had shot her first feature film Bhaji On The Beach.Says Gurinder, \"It was a complete and utter exhilarating experience, I am honoured and blessed to have been selected as one of only a few thousand out of all of Britain's 56 million population to run with the Olympic flame. I shall treasure my torch and display it in in my house next to my OBE!\"Gurinder could barely contain her pride, \" My goodness I don't think my parents would have ever imagined I would have such honours showered on me when they first arrived on British soil in the sixties. I am proud to be a British Punjabi and when I first took hold of the flame I said to myself ' Bole Sonihal'. Saturday has been a great day for me and my community!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378588", "title": "Move to tax Comptroller and Auditor General scuttled", "text": "NAGPUR: A smart Alec move by certain field offices of Central Excise and Customs Department to recover service tax from none other than the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has been nipped in the bud.Some offices of this department which also covers service tax, had initiated steps towards charging the levy from CAG-a constitutional authority- for auditing the accounts of certain government organizations for which it charged a fee. An alarmed Central Board of Central Excise and Customs (CBEC) that governs the department soon came up with a notification clarifying that CAG could not be taxed. Lately CAG is in limelight for bringing to fore massive scams like coal block and 2G allocations.CAG, which conducts audits in government departments across the board, also does it for certain state government corporations. It charges a fee from the latter. These are road service corporations and local bodies where audit is conducted under a legal mandate. At times, there is no other agency to audit the accounts in such body. The fee is basically salary payable to the audit team deployed in the organization for the period, the Accountant General for Maharashtra J S Kharpe told newspersons here. He stressed that, the audit fee was not the means to sustain CAG operations.The CAG's department in Nagpur pleaded ignorance about field offices in other centres carrying out a similar exercise. Senior officials including the chief commissioner of customs and central excise were not available for comment. However, sources in the field of taxation practice say it was one of the audit objections raised on the department's operations that kicked off the move. Some officials thought of taxing a constitutional authority in retaliation. CAG officials, however, deny knowledged of any such link.The offices which were gearing up to recover service tax from CAG also included one in Nagpur. However, within a fortnight, CBEC scuttled the move. The clarification says CAG cannot be included in the definition of a practising chartered accountant so as to cover the audit conducted by this agency into a taxable service. \"CAG being a constitutional authority by no stretch of imagination can be considered as a concern similar to a chartered accountancy firm,\" reads the clarification issued on June 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14383342", "title": "14 people killed in bus accident in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 14 people have been reported dead in a bus accident in Uttar Pradesh, according to Times Now.Several other passengers have been injured in the accident that took place in the early hours of Monday in Bheemnagar.According to reports the speeding bus collided with a tree.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380383", "title": "SP Mukherjee Marg traffic plan hits a hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The erstwhile MCD's plan to decongest SP Mukherjee Marg has hit a roadblock. Last year, on UTTIPEC's direction, the civic agency had deployed marshals on the 2km stretch to ensure that non-motorized vehicles stick to lanes demarcated for them. Six months on, North Delhi Municipal Corporation has withdrawn the personnel as the road has been transferred to PWD. The corporation has also blamed PWD for not positioning sufficient men on the road.\"We had deployed close to 100 marshals to keep a watch on commuters. But since SP Mukherjee Marg was transferred to PWD, we had to take the men off the road,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house North Delhi Municipal Corporation.Refuting the corporation's claim, PWD officials said marshals have been positioned on the 2 km stretch between Calcutta Bridge and Church Gate parking. However, they admitted that often it is difficult to ensure that non-motorized vehicles drive in their lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14387100", "title": "Bollywood unable to digest Tollywood Sridevi", "text": "Tollywood is going gaga over yesteryear heroine Sridevi for her every move at the recent functions of tinsel town. But this is not sounding good for our neighboring B-town. Check out the reasons, why?All the time while addressing this ex-heroine, the whole of south tinsel towns keep yelling the tag 'Athiloka Sundari'. In fact this particular addressing is not understood and digested by the Bollywood folks. They say that Sridevi looks completely worn out with weakened skin glow and pale face, but how she is being addressed as 'angel'. More than her, the likes of Hema Malini and Rekha look much youthful and they are also from South only.May be the T-towners are trying to flat Sridevi again with their praising talks in order to make her part of their film projects. Because the craze a project can get with her presence cannot be described in words. Otherwise there is no point in calling her 'angel' now, feels a Bollywood lover.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380711", "title": "Bird hit forces Madurai flight to return", "text": "CHENNAI: A bird-hit forced a Madurai-bound flight to return to base after it took off from Chennai airport on Sunday.The bird-hit was reported about 20 minutes after the flight took off at 10.40am. The Madurai-bound Jet Airways flight had 60 passengers onboard.When the pilot realised that a bird had hit the flight, he radioed the air traffic control that he is returning because of the incident, an airport official said.After the passengers were moved to the terminal, engineers inspected the aircraft. As no serious damage was detected the same flight was cleared for operation after about an hour, an airport official said.Bird-hits were reported reuglarly about two years ago because of garbage pile up in the airport's neighbourhood.After Airports Authority of India took up the issue with local authorities, they removed the garbage and the meat shops were moved from the areas adjoining the airport campus, an official said. The airport also took efforts to engage an ornithologist to study bird strikes after pilots reported that bird hits are happening at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14379002", "title": "Water scarcity looms large in Akola", "text": "Residents of Akola and its surrounding villages could face water crisis as Katepurna reservoir has only 1.22% water storage which have capacity to provide water till July 10, according to sources.Drinking water crisis would further be deepened it rain fall is not experience within the fortnight, said sources. Available water storage at present in various dams in Akola district is also at a low. While Katepurna has 1.05 million cubic meter (1.22%), Morna has 7.92% storage with 3.28 mcm water, Nirguna has 7.31% with 2.11 mcm water and Wan has 38.15% storage with 21.27 mcm water. Uma and Dagad Parwa projects are having much less water. Water will be supplied to Akola city from 4% dead storage of water in Katepurna lifeline. The water levels in rivers, nalas, ponds and tanks have not increased due to paucity of rains. Water is being supplied to Akola city at present for once a week. People as well as farmers are eagerly waiting for rains which is playing truant since four days, one or two per cent sowing operation has been completed. The rest of the sowing depends on the rains, the farmers said. However, cultivation of agricultural fields are in progress and daily wages rate of agricultural labourers are increased up to Rs 200-300 a day.19-year-old youth ends life: 19-year-old youth Dilip Shalikram Shelokar, resident of Mothi Umri ended his life by hanging himself in his house on Sunday. The body was sent to hospital for post mortem. A case of accidental death has been registered and the investigation is on. The reason behind his suicide is yet to be ascertained.Nehal to play at Asian boxing contest: Nehal Anil Rothe has been selected for Asian International Boxing contest and will represent the Indian Women Boxing team. She bagged the gold medal at last year's junior national boxing competition. She has also bagged gold medals for Maharashtra state. She would participate in international contest to be held at Vishakhapatnam. Satishchandra Bhat is her state sport guide.NCP worker Korde cremated: The mortal remains of Late Shivaji Korde, NCP worker, were consigned to flames in the presence of hundreds of mourners at Sindhi camp crematorium on Saturday. He died in fire that broke out in Mantralaya at Mumbai on Thursday. He was about to meet NCP ministers and leaders at Mantralaya when the fire broke out. He was the resident of Adarsha Colony here. His body was brought to his residence from Mumbai on Friday evening. He leaves behind wife, one daughter, one son and mother. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, condoled his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379222", "title": "Monsoon to remain weak for next 2 days, says IMD", "text": "PUNE: After arriving late, the progress of monsoon has been halted further. The weatherman's forecast on Sunday said that not much rain is likely in the next two days.The first rains were received on June 17 - almost ten days behind the expected arrival date of monsoon in Pune city. Then it took a break for five days only to return with light showers in some parts of the city and neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad on Sunday.Till 8.30 pm on Sunday, the city had recorded 2.6 mm rainfall. The available water stock in four dams is 1.25 TMC while Pavana dam has 1.71 TMC water for the Pimpri and Chinchwad township. The catchment areas of rivers Ambi and Mose - tributaries of Mutha river - generally receive heavy rainfall which contributes to rise in water levels in Panshet and Varasgaon dams respectively. Pune city receives drinking water from Panshet, Varasgaon, Temghar and Khadakwasla dams while Pimpri-Chinchwad receives water from Pavana dam.Medha Khole, deputy director general (weather forecasting) IMD Pune, said, \"There are no favourable developments in the Arabian Sea and in the Bay of Bengal for the northern progress of monsoon. The current system has covered area from parts of Madhya Pradesh to Kerala. The northern parts of Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and remaining northern India and north-east are yet to be covered by monsoon. The current developments indicate that, like today, the monsoon would remain weak for the next two days. There is a marginal improvement in its progress, but large scale revival is not possible at the moment.\" Khole said that if conditions turn favourable after Wednesday, the monsoon may get activated.The slow progress of monsoon also has the irrigation department worried. However, officials say they have enough water to last till July 15.Shivaji Bolbhat, executive engineer, Khadakwasla irrigation division of the state irrigation department, said, \"Khadakwasla, Varasgaon, Panshet and Temghar dams were expected to receive a couple of major spells till now. We hope the monsoon revives in the next week. There is sufficient drinking water stock in the dams to last for the next 20 days.\"The data with the irrigation department states that catchment areas of Khadakwasla dam recorded 7mm rainfall till Sunday evening. The catchment areas of Panshet and Varasgaon dams got 25mm and 26mm rainfall respectively. The Temghar dam area received 14mm rainfall while Pavana dam received 27mm rainfall.Dams Current stock Total Storage(In TMC)(In TMC)Khadakwasla0.411.97Panshet0.8410.65VarasgaonNIL12.82TemgharNIL3.70Pavana1.718.48Rain deficitThough the normal arrival date of monsoon in the city is June 8, the season starts June 1. This year, from June 1 to June 24, the city has received 27 mm rainfall so far. During the same period last year, the city had received 243.2 mm rainfall. The annual average rainfall of Pune is 740 mm, said IMD officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380294", "title": "Govt may hand over DDA roads to PWD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government may soon hand over maintenance of major roads under Delhi Development Authority to the Public Works Department.Once the proposal is cleared, over 500km of roads under the civic agency, primarily in areas like Dwarka, Patparganj and Rohini, would be transferred to PWD for maintenance and repair. The proposal has already been cleared by CM Sheila Dikshit. It is likely to be put before the Delhi cabinet for approval in the coming weeks. It would be then sent to the lieutenant governor for final notification.Earlier, pulling up the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi for bad roads, the government had transferred 765km of roads under MCD to PWD. And as in the case of the municipal corporations, PWD will only acquire those DDA roads which are at least 60ft or wider. If the proposal gets a go-ahead, PWD would be in charge of a large chunk of roads in Delhi. PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan confirmed this and said they were willing to take up the project if it gets approved.Department officials say they are working to give a facelift to the 60ft roads acquired from the corporations. In Delhi assembly's budget session, Vishwas Nagar MLA Naseeb Singh had sought transfer of DDA roads. Highlighting the bad condition of road in Patparganj, Singh had requested PWD to acquire them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379887", "title": "Enforcement Directorate to seek IT report on foreign currency seizure", "text": "BHOPAL: Enforcement Directorate (ED) is going to seek a report from the Income Tax (IT) department regarding the recovery of foreign currency from the house of a teacher-turned-mining magnet of Madhya Pradesh Sudhir Sharma, to seize it.\"We are going to write to IT to hand over the foreign currency recovered from Sharma's place under foreign exchange management act (FEMA). After seizure, a show cause notice will be issued to him seeking explanation. Thereafter we would go in for adjudicating the case,\" said a top ED official.In case Sharma was found guilty, he will be asked to pay three fold of the foreign currency amount seized from his place. In this case, he might be asked to pay Rs 4.5 lakh given the amount recovered from him was valued at Rs 1.50 lakh in Indian currency.Around 2800 USD, 200 AUD and 30 Dinar were recovered from Sharma's place during the IT raid.Our sub zonal office at Indore would adjudicate the case because the recovery was not so huge. Had it been recovery of foreign currency valued Rs 150 lakh or so, our zonal office at Ahmedabad would have tried the case, an ED official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "14380354", "title": "Blast at ex-ZPTC member's residence", "text": "Mahbubnagar: Mystery shrouded a massive blast in the house of a former ZPTC member at Yellareddypalle in Koyilakonda mandal in Mahbubnagar district on Sunday evening.A powerful blast ripped through the house of Bal Singh Nayak while the residents were away. There were no casualties. However, the first floor of the building was damaged completely. Although a dog squad was pressed into service, cops are yet to ascertain the cause behind the blast.Police officials said they are collecting the evidences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14381606", "title": "BJP urges NE political parties to support Sangma for President", "text": "ITANAGAR: BJP in Arunachal Pradesh on Sunday appealed to all the elected representatives of northeastern states, including Sikkim, to support the candidature of former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma in the forthcoming Presidential election.\"I appeal to all the political parties of the region to shed their political differences and unanimously support the candidature of Sangma, who is representing the tribal community,\" BJP national secretary Tapir Gao said at a press conference here this afternoon.Saying Sangma has vast experience in politics and all the leadership qualities desirable in the head of the country, Gao said that he would be the right choice as he would work for the tribal cause.Gao also urged all the elected representatives of the state and the region to vote for Sangma.\"It is a matter of pride for the people of the region that a tribal leader is opting to contest the Presidential election. If Sangma, a tribal leader, is elected to the most coveted post in the country, it will be a great opportunity for all the northeastern states to be represented at the national level,\" Gao added.\"On many occasions, our political opponents have labelled us as a communal party, but in its entire history, BJP has never indulged in communal politics. Supporting Sangma's candidature is a glaring example of our non-communal ideology,\"Gao pointed out and added that the saffron party had set an example by supporting the candidature of Christian and Muslim leaders during the Presidential race on earlier occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380877", "title": "Ex-minister loses appeal in tax returns case", "text": "CHENNAI: A division bench of the Madras high court has directed former agriculture minister Ku Pa Krishnan to appear before the assessing officer of the income tax department and present his case all over again.In August 1996, the I-T department estimated that Krishnan, who was the agriculture minister in 1991-96 AIADMK government, had accumulated an undisclosed income of 5.4 crore. The Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT) revised the estimate to 64.98 lakh (64,98,721), based on documents submitted by Krishnan as fresh evidence.Now, Justice D Murugesan and Justice PPS Janarthana Raja has set aside the tribunal's order and ruled that fresh evidence needs to be re-considered and remitted the matter back to the assessing officer to pass orders.Though the former minister was arrested in September 1996 and released on bail later, he did not file any clarification or reply to the various notices seeking an explanation about the various investments.Ultimately, the assessing officer determined the total amount of undisclosed income to be a little over 5.4 crore. Krishnan went on appeal to the ITAT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14383971", "title": "Neetu and Rishi Kapoor to return as old flames", "text": "In Yash Chopra's next starring SRK and Katrina Kaif , the couple will carry forward their characters from the filmmaker's 1976 classic Kabhie KabhieEven as all eyes are on Yash Chopra's next starring Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif, which marks his return as director after a hiatus of eight years, it is now learnt Rishi and Neetu Kapoor will play not-sosmall cameos in the film. The couple will carry forward the characters they portrayed in the filmmaker's 1976 classic Kabhie Kabhie, where they romanced to the tune of numbers like tere chehre se nazar nahin hat-ti and tera phoolon jaisa rang composed by Khayyam. We hear A R Rahman will compose a special romantic number for them in the film.The Kapoors, who are in Prague this week for a friend's 60th birthday bash, will fly down to London to join Yash Chopra's unit to play their parts that carry tremendous nostalgic value. Rishi Kapoor confirmed the news but refused to divulge details, \"From Prague, we head to London to shoot for Yash Chopra. It's an honour and our way of paying our respect to the filmmaker. Beyond that, I don't think I should talk about our role. Yash Chopra would like the nature of our appearance to be a surprise.\"However, a source close to the film revealed, \"Yash Chopra, who considers Daag, Kabhie Kabhie and Chandni to be his most romantic films ever, is hoping to recreate the romance of these films in his next. Shah Rukh and Katrina have been projected through music and poetry the way Amitabh Bachchan and Raakhee were in Kabhie Kabhie. To create a sense of continuity and constancy between the two romantic eras covered by Kabhie Kabhie and Yash Chopra's new film, Rishi and Neetu Kapoor will be playing the two carefree students Vicky Khanna and Pinky Kapoor, respectively, from Kabhi Kabhie, once wildly in love, now happily married for decades and still wildly in love.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14379429", "title": "Gurung to leave for Delhi to discuss 'mouza' with home minister", "text": "DARJEELING: Unhappy with the recommendations of Justice Shyamal Sen on inclusion of new areas in the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA), Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) president Bimal Gurung has decided to go to Delhi and Kolkata on Monday. Gurung wants to know the opinion of ministers at the Centre and chief minister Mamata Banerjee before announcing an agitation programme.Finding itself in a spot Unhappy with the Finding itself in a tight corner with over the recommendations made by retired Justice Shyamal Sen for inclusion of new areas in the GTA, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) president Bimal Gurung, now has himself decided to go to Delhi and Kolkata to feel the pulse before announcing the party's agitation program.On the sidelines of the party's meeting with its frontal organizations and units from the Terai and Dooars regions over the land issue, Gurung announced that he will lead a five-member delegation to Delhi on Monday to meet Union home minister P Chidambaram and Congress presidential nominee, Pranab Mukherjee , in line to become the next President.\"I will go to Delhi myself and meet the Union home minister and the present finance minister. I will discuss the issue of the Sen-committee report and see for myself the opinions and views of these leaders,\" said Gurung.The five-member delegation includes Kurseong MLA Rohit Sharma, Darjeeling Municipality chairman Amar Singh Rai and central committee leaders Ram Bhujel and Pemba Tsering Ola.The GJM chief without mentioning the day also said he will meet the Bengal CM on his way back. \"I will meet the CM on my way back from Delhi to discuss one-on-one the issue of the fact verification committee that has been formed. I will also talk to Mamata Banerjee about the Shyamal Sen report that is completely biased,\" said Gurung.With the Shyamal Sen committee report going against the demand of the party and the state government deciding to hold the finding itself, in a tight spot with the state government ready to hold the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (election to the GTA in July, the GJM president has decided to tackle the situation by leading from the front.)This is the first time after signing of the GTA agreement in July last year that Gurung has decided to lead a delegation. It has always been the GJM general secretary or the MLAs that would lead delegation to Delhi on important matters.The GJM had earlier said that the party's future programme vis-a-vis the Shyamal Sen report will be announced on June 24. But, the GJM president said on Sunday that all programmes will be announced after his return from Delhi and Kolkata.\"I will first meet the central ministers and the Bengal CM, to get to know their views personally. Our central committee, frontal organizations and units of Terai and Dooars will then hold a meeting following which I will announce the programmes,\" said Gurung.Commenting on the issue of the state government issuing a notification for holding the GTA election, the GJM leader said, \"It is the government's job to issue notification, but to participate or not is our decision. I promise the people of Terai and Dooars that I will not betray them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386323", "title": "Why Charmi rejected Dirty Picture?", "text": "Actress Charmi Kaur has everything, like Vidya Balan in Bollywood , to play the role of 'Silk Smitha' for the Malayalam version of \"The Dirty Picture\". Ever since Charmi Kaur was imported to Tollywood, she has been constantly tagged with 'Hot' or 'Voluptuous' and some other tag that would suit her natural oomph and sex appeal. The actress initially agreed for skin show to make her mark in Tollywood and later, the filmmakers have started calling her only for glamour roles and skin shows.Recently, Malayalam filmmakers have approached Charmee to play Silk Smitha's role for 'The Dirty Picture\". But Charmi rejected and Sana Khan grabbed the offer. Sources close to Charmi say that the spicy starlet is repenting for her mistake of turning down the offer for the \"Dirty Picture\". But why did Charmi refuse the offer? Apparently, the glam diva has citied prior commitments in Tollywood as the reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380318", "title": "Juhu \u2018rave\u2019: Two to seek anticipatory bail today", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons who were detained at the Juhu 'rave' last month and, according to the police, tested positive for drugs will file for anticipatory bail on Monday since the police have registered against them an offence that may attract non-bailable sections of drug possession, use of premises and conspiracy in addition to the consumption charge.The two\u2014a 27-year-old actor and a 36-year-old corporate executive\u2014received summons from Juhu police seeking their presence at 10.30am on June 25 for \"further action and investigation\" in a case \"registered against them on May 21 under section 8(c) read with 20, 21, 25, 27 and 29 of the NDPS Act\".Lawyers say that arrests cannot be ruled out since the police have not mentioned the amount of drugs and included non-bailable sections besides the consumption charge. The charges include section 20 for possession of cannabis, section 21 for cocaine, section 25 for use of premises for offences under the NDPS Act, section 27 for drug consumption and section 29 for conspiracy to commit drug offences. \"We have sent summons to those attendees of the party whose tests were positive,\" said zonal DCP Pratap Dighavkar. \"So far, we have received reports only of the samples given at Cooper Hospital. Reports of those attendees whose samples were given at J J Hospital are awaited.\" (With inputs from Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380216", "title": "Govt hospitals stuck with sick tools", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is more to ailing state-run hospitals than the stink that emanates from their corridors. A recent statewide survey of the equipment in these hospitals has revealed that a whopping Rs 850 crore worth machinery has been lying idle due to lack of proper maintenance. Official estimates suggest that about Rs 100 crore worth equipment is defunct due to lack of repairs and shortage of both consumables and staff. However, senior doctors claim that almost 60% of the equipment in government hospitals is out of order at any given time.This colossal underuse or misuse of the assets has not just led to wastage of public money but also deprived hospitals of additional resources in the delivery of healthcare services to the poor.Examples are a dime a dozen. Currently, hundreds of ventilators and pulse oximeters are not working even in tertiary care hospitals such as Osmania, Gandhi, Nims and Niloufer. The CT scan at the Gandhi Hospital is under repair for the last one week as the authorities defaulted on the maintenance fee for 2011 and did not bother to renew the for current year.At Nims, only one of the three catheterization labs is functional. Also, the much-needed scan machine in the labour room of the overburdened Government Maternity Hospital, Petlaburj is out of order for the last one year. Doctors here say that it is becoming difficult to manage without the scanner.\"If mother and baby are fine nobody bothers. If not, it becomes an issue,\" says a doctor at the hospital. Ironically, of the Rs 8 crore budget allocated for maintenance of equipment in teaching hospitals only Rs 2 crore was released by the government in 2011.The field visit report of AP Medical Services and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APMSIDC) states that a substantial inventory needs regular maintenance support. Further, it was found that a certain percentage of the unserviceable equipment which is fit for removal is occupying large operational areas in these hospitals. The hospital administrators have been requesting for permission to dispose of these machines.Experts say that it is only since 2007 that the state government started incorporating the annual maintenance cost for the equipment purchased. But Dr AY Chary, former superintendent of Gandhi Hospital, concedes that the problem persists even now since the annual maintenance contract is not being renewed regularly.\"In 2003-04, the laparoscopic operation equipment was purchased at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore by the Gandhi Hospital. It was only the second such machine in the country. After a few years, the machine went defunct as rats chewed away its cables. Things like this happen only at government hospitals due to the chalta hai attitude of its staff,\" rues Dr Chary.Senior doctors at the hospitals say that APMSIDC just supplies the equipment and washes its hands off maintenance. They say that the hospitals do not have biomedical engineers. Earlier, small snags would be repaired by electricians, now it is impossible due to the high technology involved. \"Even for small repairs, we have to contact company persons who never turn up unless there is an annual maintenance contract.\"Invariably, due to the confusion most of the equipment is lying unattended to with a few minor repairs,\" said a doctor from a teaching hospital. Sources said that most hospitals are even oblivious that there is a maintenance contract for the equipment.The state government through a GO issued in March 2012 had ordered that APMSIDC shall establish a full fledged biomedical wing to maintain the complete inventory of the equipment at health, medical and family welfare department.Now, APMSIDC officials say that they have come up with a short term action plan and sent it for the government's approval.Under the plan, the officials have sought around 50 biomedical engineers (currently there are only 10 for the entire state) and a substantial increase in the budget allocation for maintenance of medical equipment for the current fiscal.\"The APMSIDC will take up repair works on a pilot basis at all hospitals in the twin cities including Niloufer, Gandhi and also at Rims, Kadapa. We are also planning to launch a website so that the hospital staff can intimate engineers any maintenance requirement among other things,\" said J Syamala Rao, managing director, APMSIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380756", "title": "Post-retirement residence for Pratibha Patil finalized in Pune", "text": "NEW DELHI: A post-retirement residence for President Pratibha Patil has been finalized in Pune by the government, after she had to give up an accommodation following a controversy.Officials said that the bungalow which the urban development ministry has finalized is in the Pashan Road area of Pune.Secretary urban development Sudhir Krishna said, \"There is a proposal for accommodation in Pune which belongs to the Maharashtra government about which we have written to them and are awaiting their response.\"We have identified a plot on Pashan Road in Pune in consultation with the local and state authorities. We have now made a request to the state government and a formal offer letter is expected,\" he said.Secretary urban development Krishna also said that since the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) did not have any suitable residence which met the desired criteria in Pune, the ministry had to look at alternative accommodation.He said that once the house is handed over to the directorate of estates which comes under the ministry of urban development, it will be furnished by the CPWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14379366", "title": "Chandel locals oppose closure of government primary school in village", "text": "MAPUSA: The residents of Chandel in Pernem have opposed an alleged move by the government to close the government primary school in the village.The villagers convened a meeting and resolved not to allow the government to shut down the school. The parent teacher association ( PTA) of the school also convened a meeting, headed by the president Shashikant Gawas, opposing the government decision to close the school.The villagers learnt through \"highly reliable sources\" in the education department that the government may shut down the government primary school in Chandel for want of students. Sources in the assistant district education inspectors (ADEI) office said that there is a need of a minimum 20 students to run the school and this school was not getting sufficient students.Sources also said that if the students are more than 23 in number then the school will get two teachers plus the English teacher for two days a week.The villagers also convened a meeting at the gram panchayat which was attended by the sarpanch and the panchayat secretary and passed a resolution , forwarding it to the ADEI office in Pernem that they were against the closure of the school.The villagers also said that there was a move that the students from this school be sent to the nearby government primary school in Hasapur village.\"Though it is not officially convened to us, it is learnt from the department that the school has to shut down as there are less than 20 students,\" said Shashikant Gawas, PTA president.\"We will not allow the government to shut down the school. We will fight together against any such government decision if they plan to shut down the school,\" Gawas said.Gawas told TOI that the villagers will convince the parents to send their wards to this school to have the numbers, but will not allow it to be shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381327", "title": "Farmers to get regular power bills in July", "text": "NASHIK: With the state government announcing scarcity in 581 villages of Nashik district, meaning exemption from electricity bills to the extent of 33%, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) sources said it was meant for 2011-12 and hence regular power bills would be raised in the beginning of July.Under the scarcity announcement, MSEDCL's Nashik urban and rural circles have calculated and forwarded the subsidy amount of Rs 103.5314 crores. \"The amount is equivalent to 33% of electricity bills raised to farmers in scarcity-declared villages in 2011-12 and the subsidy will be sought from the state government. However, the current bill in the first quarter of the financial year 2012-13 to farmers will be raised in the beginning of July and they will be given 30 days to pay up or will face power cuts,\" an official said.The subsidy adjustment to farmers who had paid bills earlier has been given in bills raised in the March quarter, the officials said, meaning that farmers will have to pay bills raised in the first quarter. \"Recovery will be tough given that farmers are in the shadow of last year's scarcity and they will not have money to pay the bills. In the backdrop of action in Dhule and Jalgaon districts where MSEDCL officials have been penalized for failure in recovery, the officials will have to take tough stand,\" the official said.Nashik district has 2.92 lakh beneficiaries who are eligible for the subsidy; Chandwad division has 17,813 consumers with the subsidy of 5.5147 crores, while the two sub-divisions of Sinnar have 25,691 consumers with the subsidy of Rs 8.2606 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14380227", "title": "Pakistan handled prime minister's disqualification better than India", "text": "It is becoming increasingly clear to members of the US Congress that Pakistan is a failed state and no amount of US aid will ever change that,\" influential US lawmaker Dana Rohrabacher wrote to former Pakistani prime minister Yousuf Gilani in the first week of May.On June 19, Foreign Policy magazine published a list of failed states ranking Pakistan at 13th place because \"the country is run by a military obsessed with \u2014 and, for decades invests in \u2014 the conflict with India, and by a civilian elite that steals all it can and pays almost no taxes.\"It would not have ruffled Gilani much since such rankings had become routine. In 2009 and 2010, it was ranked at 10th place and in 2011 it was ranked 12th.The very next day, a bolt came from the blue. The Supreme Court ruled that Gilani stood disqualified from the Majlis-e-Shoora (parliament) from April 26, when he was convicted for contempt of court and sentenced symbolically. In the time of political crisis, the failed state responded to the situation rather admirably. Within days, the situation became more fluid with another court issuing warrants against a prime ministerial prospect in a pending case. But promptly, an alternative in Raja Pervez Ashraf was found.Would India, a state where democracy has proved itself, have handled such a situation better?At present, it could be said with a degree of certainty that it can handle such a situation with democratic precision expected of a political system which has matured. But 37 years ago, when the yet-to-be-tested democratic polity encountered a somewhat similar situation, it had reacted violently to leave a permanent scar on the democratic history of India.At that time, Jaiprakash Narain had started to fan the perceived popular discontent against Indira Gandhi's government. The PM was in a state of nervousness in deciding the course of action against JP-led agitations, which were quickly spreading to other parts of the country.At this crucial hour, the Allahabad HC on June 12, 1975, struck a severe blow by annulling Indira's election to Lok Sabha from Rae Bareli. It accepted defeated candidate Raj Narain's charge that she had misused official machinery during elections. She had a 20 day respite, for Justice Jagmohanlal Sinha had stayed his judgment for that period to allow her to appeal in the Supreme Court.Indira wanted the SC to continue the \"absolute stay\" on her disqualification to allow her to function as PM unfettered. On June 24, 1975, Justice V R Krishna Iyer saved her from disqualification by staying the HC judgment. The court ordered that she would be allowed to participate in the proceedings of the House as PM but restrained her from voting as an MP.Indira could not stomach such an affront when she wanted to be regarded as the undisputed leader of the country and of every institution that functioned within its territory. She was not impressed by Justice Iyer's logic \u2014 \"The judicial approach is to stay away from political thickets and new problems with institutionalized blinkers on, so long as the court methodology remains the same.\"Justice Iyer said, \"Arguments about political sentiment, political propriety and moral compulsion though relevant at other levels, fall beyond the conventional judicial orbit and the courts have to discriminately shift them while deciding on the grant of stay pending appeal.\"If national crises and democratic considerations, and not mere balance of convenience and interests of justice were to be major inputs in the judges' exercise of discretion, systemic changes and shifts in judicial attitude may perhaps be needed.\"The order in today's time would have been perceived as a favourable one. But the manner in which the SSC treated a PM as any other MP did hurt Indira's standing and ego. Treating her case, which she perceived as a national crisis, as an ordinary one increased her internal revulsion towards judiciary, especially the SC.Just two days after the favourable verdict, Indira declared Emergency and wreaked vengeance on judges.So, did a failed state like Pakistan handle a politically tricky situation, which concerned the prime minister, better than India, albeit 37 years later?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380510", "title": "Nepali worker found dead in Saidabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 25-year-old Nepali was found dead at his house in Saidabad, reportedly under suspicious circumstances on Sunday.The victim, Chiran, was working at a fast food centre in Poosalbasti in Saidabad. Chiran did not attend work on Sunday and the incident came to light when his employer, Himayata, sent a worker to Chiran's house to call him. \"Chiran's colleague found him lying dead in the house and we were alerted by their employer,\" Saidabad inspector A Srinivasulu said.Chiran shared his house with four other Nepali daily-wage workers. According to police, Chiran came home in an inebriated condition on Saturday night and allegedly picked up a fight with his roommates who were not letting him inside. \"In a fit of rage, he broke a beer bottle and threatened to kill his roommates with it. Chiran then fell on the ground and suffered injuries,\" the inspector said. After the altercation, Chiran's friends reportedly brought him inside the house and gave him medicines. Police said that on Sunday morning all his friends went to attend their jobs thinking that Chiran was sleeping.\"There are scratch marks in Chiran's back and a small stab like wound on his chest. We do not know the exact cause of death and a suspicious death case has been booked,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14379829", "title": "Discoms to push for steep hike in tariff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new power tariff is expected early next month, and recent developments indicate that discoms are pushing for a steep hike in domestic tariff. The Reliance-backed BSES discoms were in the spotlight last week for defaulting in payments to at least three generating companies, and have stopped getting supply from one. Sources said all this has led the BSES discoms to pursue their case for a hike with the regulator.The timing is significant as the city's power demand is touching a new high almost every other day. Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission is also on the verge on announcing the tariff, making last-minute changes. The BSES discoms have put the blame for defaults squarely on \"unrealistic tariff\", which they say has plunged them into a financial crisis. A source said the discoms deserve the hike that they have been claiming for and that without it the city could face blackouts.Tata Delhi Power, however, has managed to steer clear of controversy by paying all its dues. The BSES discoms are getting regulated supply from NTPC , DVC and the city's generating stations. NHPC officials said they would not supply 260MW of power to BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna till they clear their long-standing dues. The Delhi government has surprisingly come out in support of the private companies, with the CM saying a tariff hike was needed to solve the problems. The government has already infused equity to the tune Rs 500 crore to help the BSES discoms secure a bank loan. Any further assistance could incur the ire of the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381307", "title": "Plea to introduce ladies special buses on Mall road route", "text": "KANPUR: Most of the girl schools and colleges, besides offices, shopping malls and business establishments are located on a major stretch of the Mall Road. Woman commuters want the authorities to launch 'ladies special' buses on this route.The woman commuters said 'ladies special' buses need to be operated soon on the route.\"Commuting in crowded buses is a daily struggle. Women and girls face harassment almost daily,\" said Preeti, a law student.\"I travel from Narohna crossing to Naveen Market everyday. Though the frequency of buses is good, most of the time the vehicles are overcrowded. This gives an ample scope to eve-teasers to harass women passengers,\" said Lavanya.\"Most of the times, it is difficult to find a seat as the buses do not have separate seats for ladies,\" said Geeta, who studies in a college located near Naveen Market.\"I commute to Phoolbagh from Gol Chauraha daily. I have to travel in these overcrowded city buses which are not very safe for women. We need to have 'ladies special' buses on this route,\" said Kavita, who works in an office.\"Men outnumber women in these buses and at times we travel standing while men occupy the seats,\" complained Kokila, a working woman.Another employee Anamika said: \"Men don't give space to women and at times behave rudely with the woman commuters,\" she said and added that she had stopped commuting by buses and prefers on her personal vehicle.A conductor of a private bus said. \"In case of eve-teasing or bad behaviour, we ask men to mend their ways. But they threaten us and turn a deaf ear to our requests,\" he said.\"The buses run overcrowded. Though the officials had promised that overloading would not be allowed in the buses,\" said Vimla, another daily commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379101", "title": "Dark days ahead for users of tinted glass in city vehicles", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Car owners in the city using tinted glass would be dealt with a firm hand from Thursday. In a belated move, the police has finally decided to take on violators who use dark films on car windows in violation of the Supreme Court's order.The Supreme Court recently ordered a stop to the practice of using tinted glass in cars. Though the edict was passed on May 4, the state capital was yet to implement it.\"We have decided to enforce the rule from Thursday. Prior to that, we would launch a two-day awareness campaign from Tuesday,\" said a senior police officer. \"We will take the assistance of transport officials to start the crackdown on offenders. The fine amount will range between Rs 100 and Rs 500,\" the officer said.With a view to prevent car crimes, the apex court had banned the use of tinted glass in cars on April 27, restricting vision beyond permissible limit, as fixed under the Motor Vehicles Act, in vehicles. The SC decree followed a petition seeking complete ban on use of dark films on car windows, including the vehicles used by VVIPs, alleging that many crimes are committed in cars with tinted and reflective windows. The apex court, however, made it clear that tinted glass can be used in vehicles of government officials for security purposes and asked the state governments to frame guidelines regarding this.The State Commission for Women (SCW) felt the need to stop the use of tinted glass in four-wheelers too. \"Tinted glass is misused by outlaws to evade police glaze and conceal their identity. Police should ban it and people should cooperate with police,\" said SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi. \"Though the state capital has not witnessed rape cases in moving cars yet, we cannot leave anything to chance,\" she said.According to the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, the windscreen and rear window glass of vehicles should have a visual light transmission of 70 percent and for side windows it should be at least 50 percent.Though regional transport authorities were also empowered by the Supreme Court to punish the offenders, the former in the state has been looking the other way all this while. \"We admit that the law existed much before the Supreme Court edict. But we were not able to crack the whip on erring vehicle owners due to acute staff shortage,\" said an officer at the regional transport office, Bhubaneswar.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh had said earlier it would not be difficult to enforce the order as the city traffic wing has already executed a host of traffic norms quite successfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381309", "title": "Funds for scarcity-hit areas delayed", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has requested zilla parishad members to manage for some time as funds for scarcity will take more time to come fom Mumbai to Nashik.\"The fire that broke out at Mantralaya has affected proceedings of the state to a large extent and hence the fate of our demand of Rs 9 crore is not immediately known. It may take time but we will ensure that it is expedited at the earliest,\" collector Vilas Patil told the members.Sinnar Panchayat Samiti president Balasaheb Wagh wanted to know about funds related to scarcity that were spent on fodder for cattle and cattle-shelters.The collector said that the administration had put in a demand for Rs 9 crore with the state government for three cattle-sheds and six fodder depots in Sinnar - the worst hit by scarcity in Nashik. He said, \"We were told that the collectorate would receive Rs 2.5 crore in a few days, but the fire broke out at Mantralaya.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380291", "title": "Truck rams into bus, three hurt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were injured when a ready mix concrete-mixer truck rammed into a city bus at Wipro crossroads in Gachibowli on Sunday.The incident occurred at 10.30am when the truck (AP 28 TA 2101) coming from IIIT junction rammed into the left side of the city bus (116 N), which was on its way to Nanakramguda from Gowlidoddi right at Wipro X Roads. The truck was coming down an incline and having gathered speed rammed into the bus hard enough for it to turn turtle and be dragged along for some distance before coming to a halt.\"Luckily there were only three persons in the bus when the incident occurred, including the driver and the conductor. Bus driver Narayana, conductor Bheemayya and Hareesh, the only passenger who works as a security guard at Polaris a software firm, suffered minor injuries and were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment,\" Raidurgam police K Rajendra said.Immediately after the incident, the concrete-mixer driver abandoned his vehicle and fled the spot. Later, police spoke to the owner of the truck and contacted driver Karik over the phone. He told cops that the mishap happened because his vehicle's brakes failed. A case was booked against the driver under section 337 of IPC.In another accident, a 30-year-old private firm employee suffered severe injuries when a private bus hit his bike, at Hydernagar on Sunday afternoon.According to KPHB police, the bus belonging to MS Pharma (AP 23 AA 9043) rammed into the bike near Hydernagar petrol pump at 1.30pm. Satish, of Rudraram, suffered severe injuries in the incident and has been admitted to a nearby hospital in a critical condition. Police said that the bus driver is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385054", "title": "A musical evening", "text": "The known and the unknown, the familiar and the unfamiliar merged to reach out to the audience present at a city lounge on Friday.Ethereal would perhaps be an apt term to describe the performance of contemporary dance pieces, titled \"Lost in Space\", \"Reaching Beyond\" and \"Three Witches\", by Sudarshan Chakravorty's Sapphire Dance Company.Michel Casanovas from France was one of the choreographers of the show and he put across the idea of unmasking reality and dreams through dance. \"It was an extremely soothing experience,\" said Abhishek Dutta , who was present at the show. Also seen enjoying the performance were actors sonalee chaudhuri and sudipa bose, among others. \"This performance is going to make us think about the journey called life when we go back home,\" said elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14381066", "title": "Give incentives to improve education quality in state: Report", "text": "PATNA: The International Growth Centre, UK, has in its recent paper on \"Education Policies and Practices: What Have We Learnt and the Road Ahead for Bihar\" has stressed the need for more incentives for teachers so as to improve the quality of education.The 58-page report has been prepared under the aegis of IGC at the London School of Economics (LSE) and published this month. It says a statewide data system needs to be created to link students' performance with teacher effectiveness. Such a data system will also help monitor the performance of schools and allow the administrators to take remedial action in schools that fare badly, the report says.The report said the government has undertaken several policy initiatives to lower the cost of schooling. These include providing free textbooks, free uniforms, midday meals and free bicycles.\"However, much remains to be done for improving the schooling infrastructure. Only 60% of the schools have classrooms in good condition; 10% of the primary schools still lack drinking water facility; more than 70% of the primary and upper primary schools do not have separate girls' toilets. These are some areas of concern which should be of highest priority to the policymakers,\" the report says.The paper assesses the status of education, both in terms of quantity and quality, in Bihar in absolute terms and relative to other states in India. It also surveyed the education policies and provides a perspective on the current policies in the field of education in Bihar.\"The aim of this paper was to assess the status of education in Bihar, identify the correlates of educational outcomes, and analyse the education policy initiatives of the government of Bihar. We first look at the status of education (both quality and quantity) in Bihar, mainly at the primary and upper primary levels,\" said co-authors - Priya Ranjan ( University of California , Irvine) and Nishith Prakash ( University of Connecticut , USA).It said the rate of out-of-school children is higher among older children. The enrolment rate at the upper primary level is still very low. Also, the news on the quality front is far from satisfactory, the report noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14379822", "title": "Ruckus mars UGC's NET at MS University", "text": "VADODARA: The National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC) witnessed ruckus at M S University's Faculty of Arts on Sunday with a few candidates complaining that they were not allowed to appear in the test despite being eligible. The candidates entered into heated arguments with the test coordinators at the faculty as the officials insisted that they would follow only UGC's list to allow them to appear in the exam.MSU was one of the 66 UGC NET exam centres across the country and among three in Gujarat where NET, which is conducted to determine eligibility for lectureship and for junior research fellowship for entrants to teaching profession and research, was held this year. For over an hour, few candidates, who had received call letters from UGC insisted that they should be allowed to sit in the test. Most candidates were from outside Vadodara district, who had reached the exam centre hours before the schedule of test.\"There were around 202 candidates who had not send hard copies of their documents to us for physical verification. Some of them insisted that we should consider their case. But we had to go by UGC guidelines,\" dean Faculty of Arts professor Nitin Vyas, who was coordinator of the UGC NET at MSU told TOI.Vyas, who got in touch with UGC officials after receiving representation from the left out candidates, was asked by UGC officials to follow the commission's list of approved candidates. Later, the exam was held peacefully. Interestingly, the number of aspirants wanting to clear NET has more than doubled this year. Usually, MSU conducts test for 2,600 candidates. This year, a total of 5,362 candidates were granted permission to appear in the test at MSU.\"Of the total 6,017 candidates who had submitted applications for NET, 5,815 had come for physical verification. Applications of 458 candidates were rejected by the UGC before the test. Of the 5,362 candidates, who had applied and were granted permission to appear in the test, 4,433 candidates had finally appearedfor the test,\" said Vyas.UGC NET was held at six centres at MSU including Faculty of Commerce, Faculty of Technology and Engineering and Faculty of Arts. It was for the first time that UGC adopted 100 per cent multiple question choice format for NET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379521", "title": "'Surgery makes you walk but its no magic wand'", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"When I recall my pre-surgery days, I feel that life was as difficult as living with a disability!\" This is how, Premlata Devi, an elderly who underwent knee replacement surgery described her pain. But what is it that really leads to such acute crippling of the knees? Experts blame arthritis as the chief cause of trouble. According to the Arthritis Foundation of India (AFI), \"most forms of arthritis can be divided into osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and gout.\"AFI literature shows that Osteoarthritis typically strikes the weight bearing joints such as knees, hips and back joints besides hands and spine. It is a progressive disease that mostly affects the knee. Rheumatoid Arthritis is an autoimmune disease (a condition in which body's own immune system becomes its enemy and tends to cause a disease). It causes chronic inflammation of the joints and sometimes the tissues around the joints. Gout, which is also known as the crystal induced arthritis, is an arthritic condition that occurs when uric acid crystals accumulate over the joints. Gout can affect joins in the big toe, ankle, foot, hand, wrist and elbow besides the knee. In rare cases, it may affect shoulders, hips or spine.\"Problems such as pain and disability arise in all the three conditions mainly due to degeneration of joints,\" explained, Prof RN Srivastava, faculty, orthopaedic department, CSMMU. \"Pain induced by damaged ligaments and parts of the knee is most felt in case of knees which bear the maximum body weight,\" he stated adding, \"the painful destroyed knee affects a person's day to day living in simple activities such as standing, sitting, walking, and others.\"The worn, diseased or damaged surfaces of the knee joint can be removed and replaced with artificial surfaces in a surgical procedure known as Total Knee Replacement (TKR). \"The surgery has helped many people return a normal life,\" said Dr Srivastava. In the words of Premlata, \"Knee Replacement Surgery made me walk after years but it is no magic wand.\" Her observation is extremely important. \"Patients should not aspire for overnight changes in their lifestyle. The surgery may make them walk but after sustained sessions of physiotherapy. Pre-operative counselling plays an important role here. It helps in setting up realistic targets for patients,\" said Dr Sanjai Srivastava, who regularly takes up orthoplasty.Experts suggest that disease can surely be delayed if not totally prevented. \"Ageing, lack of nutrition and physical activity, vitamin D deficiency, obesity , heredity and socio-economic factors are some causes behind degeneration of cartilage resulting between the bones that form the knee joint resulting in disability,\" they said. -- Priyangi Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14378737", "title": "Quest for world record in laughter", "text": "SURAT: A 55-year-old laughter therapist is on a unique world record quest. Kamlesh Masalawala, who began his career as a laughter teacher in city-based Sanskar Bharti Vidyalaya in 2006, has taught the merits of laughing to over seven lakh people, including children, across the country. Now recognized as first full time laughter therapist, his aim in 2012 is to make a world record in laughter.The record of making 10,000 people laugh at a single place was made a few years ago in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Masalawala wants to make the world record in the city by making 25,000 people laugh in unison.He plans to bring in his students and others at one place to create the record. The show is likely to be held before Diwali.A large number of schools and organizations have expressed their willingness to take part in this world record breaking feat.In 2010, he had made 23,500 children laugh at a time in Yogi Chowk in the city in a Surya Namaskar programme organized by a NGO.\"I already have a record. But I want to be recognized byGuinness World Records ,\" said Masalawala, who repairs electrical items to earn his livelihood.At present, he is giving laughter therapy lessons to police jawans. \"Many have become aware of the benefits of laughter, including young police recruits.\"Ashok Kanugo, who runs the traffic brigade of city police, said, \"Laughter is the best therapy for the people who live a stressful urban life. We will help him in his endeavor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14380321", "title": "Land along Ferozepur Road turns into dump", "text": "LUDHIANA: The forest land along Ferozepur Road and on the way to South City is causing problems to the people residing adjoining Sarabha Nagar K-Block and Country Homes. These sites are being used as garbage dumps causing stink in the areas. The residents are not only facing the problem of foul smell but are also troubled by the houseflies (during summer) and mosquitoes during the monsoon season, all thanks to the lackadaisical attitude of the forest department.N S Sethi, retired PSEB officer and resident of K Block in Sarabha Nagar, said, \"Foul smell emanates from the garbage dump in the forest land on the Ferozepur road which is located on the backside of my house. Since the dump is full of garbage and filth, it's a perfect place for houseflies and mosquitoes to breed. At present houseflies have made our lives miserable as despite having beautiful garden we cannot sit in it in the evening, when the weather is bit pleasant.\"His wife Deepal Sethi, chips in saying, \"The land belongs to the forest department and so its their duty to ensure that no one makes it a garbage dump. Sadly, they have failed to maintain the land properly.\"Another resident, Rampal Thakur, 75, who is a builder, said, \"It's such a poor state of affairs as ours is one of the posh colonies of the city. Two years ago when we shifted here, we literally had to spray room freshener in huge quantity everyday to draw out foul smell, which used to come from the garbage dump.\" He added, \"Later, the residents constructed a park on the garbage dump and even hired two to three guards to look after it so that people from the marriage palace don't throw garbage into it. Though the dump has been shifted by few metres, the foul smell still persists.\"Six-year-old Bhavraj Vansh, a student of second standard and resident of Sarabha Nagar K Block, said, \"There is no park in the area where I can play cricket. Even I am scared of playing in the garden as mosquitoes and houseflies trouble me.\"And it's not only the residents of Sarabha Nagar K Block who are facing problems, even residents of Country Homes near South City are facing a similar situation.Dr Kavita Saggar, a senior doctor at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital and resident of the area, said, \"Since the forest land lies on the banks of canal, it could have been made into a perfect sight seeing spot in Ludhiana. However, since forest department has failed to maintain it, the place is serving as a garbage dump and a breeding site for mosquitoes and houseflies.\"There are around 60 homes in Sarabha Nagar K Block and 150 in Country Homes.Naresh Mahajan, divisional forest officer (DFO), said, \"We maintain a vigil at the forest lands during day. Someone might be throwing garbage during night hours. It's municipal corporation's duty to clear the garbage.\" On the other hand sources in MC claimed that they are supposed to lift garbage from regular dumps and not from forest lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14387078", "title": "Random numbers generated for TN engineering students", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions committee generated random numbers for engineering aspirants on Monday. Higher education minister P Palaniappan set the ball rolling at an event organized to kick start the single window counseling system for admission to engineering colleges in the state.\"With as many as 400 to 500 students likely to tie at some marks, and we have a systematic procedure to break the tie. The random numbers will be used when all the other options are exhausted,\" said TNEA secretary V Rhymend Uthariaraj.Candidates are first ranked based on their total tally of mathematics, physics and chemistry. If there is a tie the candidates with the maximum mathematics score will be given preference, of which those who have secured higher marks in physics and chemistry will rank above others. A tie between candidates at this stage will be eliminated based on their scores in the fourth optional subject. After this older students will get the first preference. When this too fails to break the tie students will be ranked according to the random number in descending order.As many as 87 students scored a perfect aggregate of 200/200 for the engineering admissions in 2011. Of them random numbers were used to ascertain the ranks of 17 students.This year 1,80,071 candidates will vie for 1,71,417 seats through the single window counseling system. There are another 1,92,365 management seats available in the 540 engineering colleges in the state. Minister Palaniappan said, \"Several colleges have surrendered more seats to the government quota than required.\"Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar said that the rank list would be released on June 30, and that counseling for candidates under the sports quota will take place on July 5. The academic counseling for the general category will begin on July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385626", "title": "Queen to gift Wills-Kate Sandringham cottage for b\u2019day", "text": "The Queen is set to give Prince William and his wife the Duchess of Cambridge one of the cottages on her beloved Sandringham estate to mark her grandson's 30th birthday.The property will be made available to the couple later this year, the Daily Mail reported.William, who reached the milestone last Thursday, is said to be celebrating privately with family and friends this weekend.It is understood that he is particularly delighted about the house because he and Kate spent their first Christmas as husband and wife at Sandringham last year.\"A property is definitely being made available to William and Kate this year and a plan is in place for William to have his own place on the estate,\" a source said on Sunday. \"He's a country boy and loves Norfolk, just like his father and his grandparents. It's a lovely, peaceful place and William adores it,\" the source added.The 20,000-acre Sandringham estate near King's Lynn in Norfolk has been owned by the Queen since her accession in 1952 and by the Royal Family since 1862.The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh stay in the main house, an Edwardian mansion, every Christmas with the rest of the Royal Family.It is not known which of the 150 residential, commercial and agricultural properties on the estate that the Queen intends to give to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.Among the options are York Cottage, which is currently used as an estate office.Built by Edward VII soon after he moved to Sandringham, it was the first home of King George V and Queen Mary after their marriage in 1893.Sandringham was a favourite of George V, who declared it \"the place I love better than anywhere in the world\" and William's great-grandfather, King George VI, was born there in 1895.Kate and William have also previously stayed at Wood Farm Cottage in Wolferton, a modest cottage set in a secluded part of the estate that is often used as an informal weekend retreat by the Royals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14379460", "title": "Centre seeks status on anti-extortion cell", "text": "PANAJI: The Union mines ministry has directed the state government to furnish the status on setting up the \"special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell\" to prevent a nexus between illegal mining/forest contractors and extremists.The mines ministry had directed state governments to establish such a cell after the second administrative reforms commission in its seventh report had expressed concern at the nexus between illegal mining/forest contractors and transporters and extremists, which provides financial support for the extremist movement, and recommended that the nexus needed to be broken.\"All state governments are requested to furnish status on setting up of special anti-extortion and anti-money laundering cell,\" director in the Union mines ministry RK Malhotra said in a letter to the state.The central coordination-cum-empowered committee (CCEC) on mineral development and regulation will meet on Thursday under the chairmanship of secretary (mines) to discuss issues related to illegal mining. Here the Union mines ministry will review action taken by the state government to curb illegal mining activities as recommended by the Shah commission constituted to look into illegal mining across the country.The Union government has asked the state government to frame rules to curb illegal mining under Section 23C of MMDR Act, 1957. The state government was also asked to constitute state and district level task force committees to monitor illegal activities and to submit the number of mining leases suspended by it in the quarter for violations/illegal mining.\"Action taken by the state governments for curbing illegal mining by each state government would be reviewed,\" Malhotra said.In previous CCEC meetings the ministry had requested state governments to formulate state mineral policies based on the strategy paper of the mines ministry. The Union ministry has sought the status on this too.Malhotra also said that to achieve objectives of the national mineral policy, 2008, important mineral producing states should set up a state innovative council and progress on this may be reviewed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379662", "title": "Artificial limbs give life a second chance", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven-year-old Sunny Singh had lost all his hopes in life after a train mishap claimed his left leg in December last year. On Sunday, he had in company 28-year-old Narendra Pandey, who had learnt to live without a leg after a road accident in 2002. But thanks to an initiative by the Calcutta Park Street Ladies Circle 46, the duo now has got artificial limbs that would make their struggle a tad easier.At a limb donation camp organized by the group at Mahabir Seva Sadan on Sunday, around 175 disabled persons from across the state were handed over artificial limbs. Tricycles and wheelchairs were also distributed among the poor.\"Our main aim is to make a difference, however small, by undertaking various beneficial community services. Our prime endeavour has been in the field of education, thus empowering the poor and the underpriviledged faction of the society. This time we decided to organize a limb donation camp and bring a smile back to the lives who have suffered a lot,\" said chairperson Archana Jain.Deveshi Singhani, a Class-XII student of La Martiniere for Girls, was felicitated for donating Rs 75,000 for the cause. \"It was just not the ladies of the Circle, Deveshi helped us tremendously in helping us realize our dream,\" said Jain.Deveshi's summer vacations were on when she came across the brochure for the limb donation camp. Already a member of her school's Interact club, she has been a social helper since long. She came down to Mahabir Seva Sadan to see the workshop on artificial limbs. \"After visiting the place I was sold to the idea. I knew these artificial limbs could bring a smile to many. I went back and told my friends and relatives. I also used social networking sites to spread the message as much as I could,\" said the teenager.All these efforts of the Circle and people like Deveshi did not go in vain after all. The smiling face of College Street's Nisha Das says it all. Just like any other teenager, Nisha loves to dance. But a deformed left leg that she was born with left Nisha frustrated since her deformity did not allow her to realize her dream. But with an artificial limb, Nisha believes she can now live what she has dreamt for long. \"I am really happy and will remain grateful to them forever. Now I can dance to all my favorite Bollywood numbers,\" she chipped in.If it was about realizing her dream for Nisha, it was a struggle for existence for Krishna Kumar Mondal. For 21 years, he had been the sole bread earner for his family till he lost his limb in an accident in 2008.\"I was riding a bike when a truck came and hit me from behind. I was immediately rushed to a private nursing home where wrong treatment resulted in an amputation,\" said Krishna. \"I knew I had to support my family but also realized I was helpless. Then someone suggested I should get an artificial leg. I am very happy that I got one. There is absolutely no discomfort,\" said Krishna, who drives a taxi now.However, publicity convener Shilpi Khaitan added a word of caution. \"The life for such limbs is from six months to one year, depending on its use. A child like Nisha would need to replace it more frequently,\" she said.\"The circlers of Kolkata have done a commendable job. Our main aim is to spread happiness and this is a wonderful initiative. Today's event is a full house with disabled people from as far as Asansol, Durgapur, Nadia coming to get artificial limbs,\" said project convener Soumya Sanjay, who travelled from Tamil Nadu just for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379515", "title": "Compared to a metro, Lucknow offers knee replacement surgery at 35% lower rate", "text": "LUCKNOW: People in need of knee replacement surgeries do not need to go to other states and metros anymore. The facility is readily available in the city including in the government sector. Besides, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University's orthopaedic department, several private centres such as Sahara Hospital, Vivekananda Polyclinic, Mayo Hospital and Avadh Hospital are providing the facility. Doctors in these centre put Lucknow's daily average to two. What is even better is that the cost of procedure in the city is significantly lower than the rate in metro cities. On an average two surgeries are being done everyday. TOI takes a look at the trend.WHAT BRINGS THE COST DOWN? Experts believe that the cost for the procedure in the city is about 40% less than that in Delhi, Mumbai or Chennai. \"The lower cost may be attributed mainly to the cut in travel, stay and hospitalization costs,\" said Dr HP Kumar, director, Sahara Hospital. A couple of centres for instance, are offering bilateral knee replacement (knee replacement for both feet) at a rate of around Rs 3.5 lakh. Compared to this, a patient may have to spend about Rs 4.5 lakh. \"The cost of hospitalization that includes OT charges, operating charge, visiting charges is significantly higher in corporate hospitals. All this I naturally reduced if the patient gets the surgery in one's own city or at a place where the attendants can bank on their friends or relative,\" said Dr Sanjai Srivastava who heads the joint replacement unit at Mayo Hospital.FACILITY NOT FOR ALL: Ortho surgeons in the city can offer help to nine out of ten patients in need of knee replacement. Their hands get tied in the remaining 10% patients whose case could be complicated or that of repeat (revision) surgery, not because of lack of expertise but due to unavailability of bone allograft centres in the city. A bone allograft is a transplantable tissue that comes from a human donor. This tissue is processed and sterilized, then used in grafting surgeries to repair damaged bones or ligaments. They are normally used in extremely complicated or revision surgeries. \"It is not that we can't handle such surgeries. But the process tends to get unnecessary lengthy as the import of allograft is involved. Instead of taking risks and putting the life of the patient in danger,\" stated a doctor. But for the remaining 90% patients, the city ortho-surgeons offer a good option.CAUTION: The first thing every patient must know is that knee replacement surgery is not an emergency surgery. It is a life-style procedure that a patient undergoes to lead a normal life. Accidents may be the only exception. The deciding factor is a person's mind-set. Researches have proved that patients not mentally prepared for the procedure, have not shown good results. Such a surgery may be undertaken by an ortho-surgeon (MS Orthopaedics) who has taken separate training for ortho-plasty. However some times, general orthopaedics may take advantage of a patient's ignorance and promise treatment. Therefore, experts suggest that patients and attendants should not hesitate to ask and verify the credentials of his doctor and centre. A dedicated operation theatre for knee replacements (which is not being used for any other orthopedic surgery) helps in minimizing the risk of infections. Citing patient-feedback, expert preferred a centre that offers pre-operative counselling and post operative physiotherapy in the package. They also warn attendants to be careful about implants as there have been stances where a centre compromised on the quality of implant. To avoid cheating on this count, it is always better to obtain a receipt of procurement from the hospital.THE GOOD DEAL: CSMMU could be the cheapest options for a knee transplant. The cost rarely exceeds one lakh rupees. \"The patient attendant is expected to bear the cost of implant which costs anything around Rs 80-90,000. Rest of the treatment is free for the poor and nominally charged for patients from middle class or above. The cost would come down further if the patients use implants made in India. However, foreign made implants are more recommended because of their quality,\" said Dr Ajai Singh, faculty at the orthopaedics department. It also provides post operative physiotherapy, a much needed facility to avoid revision surgeries. Chief medical superintendent, CSMMU, Prof SN Shankhwar informed that hospital administration provides free treatment to destitutes or patients from below poverty line segment. He stated that the demand for surgeries was on the rise in wake of quality. \"From just 29 surgeries in 2009, the team performed 69 surgeries in 2011. And this year, the surgeons have already undertaken 32 knee replacement surgeries,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380235", "title": "Passport mela draws lukewarm response", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thanks to lack of publicity, the passport mela held at the passport seva kendras (PSKs) located at three places -- Begumpet, Ameerpet and Tolichowki -- in the city and also in Tirupati, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada on Saturday received a poor response from applicants, and the authorities apprehend a similar situation on Sunday too.In view of the huge demand for passports and piling up of pending applications, the ministry of external affairs (MEA), Delhi had directed the passport offices across the country including the regional passport office, Hyderabad to conduct passport mela for two days, Saturday and Sunday, until further notice.According to Begumpet PSK assistant passport officer (APO) and in-charge P Krishnamacharya, the mela is meant for applicants seeking passports under ordinary/normal process, renewal of passports, as well as for those seeking ECNR (Emigration Clearance Not Required) and police clearance certificate (PCC). Such applications along with the photostat copies of their original certificates can be submitted at the PSKs on Saturdays and Sundays between 10 am and 2 pm without securing an online appointment. Once the applications are accepted at the mela, the passports will be issued within two months, he said.\"Lack of publicity about the passport mela might be a reason for poor response. At the Begumpet PSK, we received 85 applications of which 55 were accepted on Saturday,\" said a senior TCS official. At the Ameerpet PSK, 125 applications were received while the one at Tolichowki saw even fewer applications. \"Around 350 applications were received on day one of the mela at all the six PSKs. The mela will continue on Sunday,\" a senior RPO official told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14386024", "title": "14-year-old girl 'raped' in Junagadh village", "text": "RAJKOT: A 14-year-old girl was allegedly raped in Zalansar village of Junagadh district. A complaint was filed on Sunday by victim's mother with Junagadh police station against Deepak Khimji Kumbhar.According to the police complaint, Deepak Kumbhar abducted a class 10th student after she was returning from the school in Zalansar village. He took her in Jamnavad village on his bike and raped her repeatedly.Meanwhile, victim's family members were worried about her as she did not return to home even after late evening. Family members started searching for her and one person informed them that she was last spotted with Deepak Kumbhar.After receiving this information, victim's family members informed to police and rushed to Jamnavad village. Police has also launched an investigation in this case and reached Jamnavad village.Later on, Police found the girl in the room. She was confined into the room. Police rescued her. However, accused managed to escape from the spot.Junagadh Talulak police station official booked Deepak under various sections of Indian Penal Code and are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379340", "title": "'Strict vigil can prevent mishaps at govt offices'", "text": "PUNE: There is a need to keep a strict vigil to avoid untoward incidents such as fire mishaps at the Pune Municipal Corporation and other civic offices, former minister of state for home Bhai Vaidya said on Friday.Vaidya was speaking at a function held by the Prabodhan group to felicitate him on his 85th birthday.\"Many private institutes have kept their fire-fighting systems upgraded. The civic governing bodies should do the same. The fire at the Mantralaya is a serious issue. Such incidents should not take place in other governing bodies. A strict vigil and up-to-date systems should be put in place urgently,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Akhil Bhartiya Adhyapak Sabha, a teachers' organisation, inaugurated a website on the occasion of Vaidya's birthday. The website aims to make people aware about the work done by the organisation and to raise issues concerning the teaching community and education sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384773", "title": "Vidya Malvade wants to do an item song", "text": "Actor Vidya Malvade of Chak De fame is quite content the way her career is shaping up. I am extremley choosy with the kind of roles I do.But for me the dream role would be that of Umrao Jaan. I would love to enact Rekhaji in the remake of movie \"Umrao Jaan\". Being a central part of a musical movie is also Vidya Malvade is wants to do I love to do an item song, I love dancing and dancing on an item song is just dancing for me and nothing more. She said, \"These days an item song is used to attract crowd but for the audience to stay back we need to have a good script. That is the reason why I am so choosy to sign a film,\" she says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380261", "title": "Twin tragedies for building\u2019s fire safety officer", "text": "MUMBAI: Tragedy struck twice on the same day for the man responsible for fire safety at Mantralaya. On June 21, the day a massive blaze engulfed the upper floors of Mantralaya, the building's fire officer Sanjay Danapurkar lost his 76-year-old father to cancer.The news of his father's demise came at 9.30am, forcing Danapurkar to leave for his native place in Akola with his family. \"I got to know the extent of the fire after reaching my native place the next morning,\" Danapurkar said, adding, \"As a fireman, I regret not being a part of the rescue operations.\"Danapurkar has been serving as a fire officer at Mantralaya for 18 years. Fire brigade officials said that there was no one to guide them to the fire safety apparatus at Mantralaya during Thursday's fire in Danapurkar's absence. \"All I know is that such a tragedy should not have taken place,\" Danapurkar said, expressing grief over the five casualties in the incident.Ill at ease ever since he received news of the incident, Danapurkar has decided that he will return to work on Tuesday. The fire officer's father was battling prostate cancer and had been ailing for some time. Having been busy with his father's last rites and other rituals so far, Danapurkar said he now wanted to figure out what went wrong at Mantralaya on Thursday. \"Such a thing has never occurred in the past 18 years,\" the officer said, cursing his fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380233", "title": "\u2018Follow London, inspect hydrants\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials said most of the hydrants in the city are defunct as they are either buried in newly-made pavements or encroached upon by the slums. \"If 89% of hydrants are defunct in a city like Mumbai, then the financial capital of India is certainly a fire risk,\" a senior official attached to the state disaster management cell said. He said Mumbai should follow London fire brigade procedure, where the crew conducts inspection of hydrants every two years.BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte refused to comment on it.\"On Monday, a meeting has been called of all those who were part of the operations to douse fire at Mantralaya. They will share their experience on the fire-fighting operations and then the administration will decide on measures it needs to take to deal with such situations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381783", "title": "Indraprastha University introduces two new courses", "text": "Admission to technical and professional courses for the academic session of 2012-13 has begun in Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU) and the university has started inviting student applications.The university has introduced two new courses at the Master's level this year. The new courses launched include MTech in food processing and PG diploma in educational leadership and management. According to DK Bandyopadhyay, vice-chancellor, GGSIPU, these programmes are being launched in view of the increasing demand in these fields.Talking about the MTech course in food processing, Bandyopadhyay says, \"The entry of big brands in the food retail market has increased the growth of fruit and vegetable processing sector. MTech in food processing aims at providing knowledge into the recent technology relevant to the current food processing sector. In addition, the course deals in-depth with the nutraceuticals, health and diet food. Students with a BE, BTech, MS and MSc background can apply for the course. As to job prospects, students can go in for food processing sectors, food standards and analysis companies, or can explore career options in food research institutes in India and abroad.\"About the PG diploma in educational leadership and management, he says, \"This course is designed to cater to the needs of leadership in the education sector. The course deals with creating leaders in the field of education. After completing the course, students can make a career in policy-planning and work in NGOs and government agencies. As for eligibility , graduates from any discipline with 50% aggregate marks can apply for the course.\"Apart from this, the university has also revised the syllabus of some of its already existing courses, which are MA in English, PG in mass communication and ECE and IT &amp; computer engineering.\"We revise and update our courses at regular intervals. All two-year courses are revised once in four years and all four-year courses are revised in six years, so that students get updated knowledge and understanding of the subject vis-a-vis the world,\" he says.Among the various courses offered in the university, BTech and law are the most popular courses among students followed by MBA, MA in communication, MTech in nanotechnology as well as environmental management.The reason for these courses, he says, to remain the most sought-after choices among students is their contemporary nature and demand in the market. This year, for BTech courses, the numbers of applications have gone beyond 50,000 for 4,000 seats.Talking about the challenges faced by the university, Bandyopadhyay says, \"Since all our courses are interdisciplinary in nature, it is a challenge for us to maintain quality. We have set up a quality assurance cell in the university that monitors parameters of quality regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379538", "title": "2014 Lok Sabha polls: Ex-babus, opponents seek Samajwadi Party ticket", "text": "LUCKNOW: Don't be surprised, if you find a dozen retired bureaucrats including former IAS and IPS officers, a large number of doctors and engineers and a host of highly educated professionals contesting the 2014 Lok Sabha elections on Samajwadi Party ticket. They happen to be only a fraction of 952 aspiring MPs who have sought a ticket from the SP for the next general elections. The list also includes some 100-odd applications from sitting MPs and MLAs from rival political parties.Riding high on its victory in the 2012 assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh, Samajwadi Party has collected around a crore of rupees as application fee at the rate of Rs 10,000 per candidate. As if this was not enough, sources said, the party is receiving an overwhelming response from candidates in at least a dozen other states where the party was yet to invite applications. Some of the states where the party is receiving an impressive response include Jammu and Kashmir , West Bengal , Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Delhi, Haryana and Uttarakhand to name a few.Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary confirmed that an average of 7 to 9 applications have been received per constituency. \"The list includes retired bureaucrats, professionals and established politicians as well,\" Chaudhary said. He said the party leaders involved in screening of the applications have been directed not to divulge details of applicants, as it may go against the individual who are from another party or who may try their luck with other political parties in case they are not shortlisted as the final candidate. \"This is about ethics and the party has never compromised on such issues in the past and nor it will in future.It was in April 2012 that the party invited applications from individuals interested in contesting the 2014 Lok Sabha polls on SP ticket. The last date for submitting applications was May 31, 2012. Though the party has already started screening of applications received till May 31, senior leaders are in a dilemma over the regular flow of fresh applications that are landing at the party headquarters in Lucknow coupled with requests for extending the deadline for submitting applications. Party insiders say that matter has been referred to the parliamentary board of the party for disposal after due approval from party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.About the processing of applications received so far, SP's national general secretary professor Ram Gopal Yadav said, \"Once the applications are sorted out on the basis of parliamentary constituencies, the party's parliamentary board will appoint observers who will camp in the particular parliamentary constituency for a few days for a first hand stock of the applicants' hold in the area and his credentials.\" About selection of candidates in states other than UP, he said the same method will be applied across the country. He said the party would implement this policy in UP and will decide on whether the same strategy should be applied in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14382194", "title": "12.27% growth for KDC bank", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode district cooperative bank (KDC) here has registered 12.27% growth in the fiscal year 2011-12. The growth rate was achieved by managing a total business of Rs 3,215 crore in the year. Total business registered in 2010-11 was Rs 2,664 crore, which is Rs 352 crore less compared to 2011-12.The net profit of the bank also posted an increase of 12.65%. While the profit for the fiscal year 2011-12 was Rs 7.12 crore, the amount was only Rs 6.32 crore in 2010-11. According to official figures, the working capital of KDC has also increased by Rs 218 crore in the last fiscal.The deposits during the period witnessed a growth of 11.45% with a total deposit of Rs 1,673 crore. The total deposits in 2010 were to the tune of Rs 1,500 crore.In a news release issued here, general manager C Abdul Mujeeb said the bank could register a record growth in the fiscal year.The bank also improved its credit disbursal to individuals and cooperative societies. While the amount disbursed to individuals crossed Rs 1,018 crore as personal loans, Rs 525 crore was disbursed to various cooperative societies as loans. In 2010-11, the amount disbursed as personal loans and loan to cooperative societies were Rs 967 crore and Rs 396 crore respectively.Referring to the plans for the current fiscal, the general manager said the bank would observe 2012-13 as technology year. Core banking, ATMs, real time gross settlement, national electronic fund transfer and cheque transaction system will be introduced. The bank authorities have also decided to increase the total deposit to Rs 2,000 crore. The bank aims to run a total business for Rs 3,800 crore by the end of the current fiscal year. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14380324", "title": "Hard National Eligibility Test to crack, say students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a new format this time, over 22,000 students appeared in the National Eligibility Test (NET) held by the University Grants Commission (UGC) in the city. There were 7,000 more candidates taking the test this year than in 2011. The exam is a gateway to lectureship across all universities and colleges in India.The subject specific paper-III of this exam was in objective format for the first time. However, as compared to previous years, the questions were difficult in paper-III, said the students.Since all the three sections of NET exam were in objective type, the results are expected to be announced on time this year, sources said.Each year, UGC fails to meet its own deadline in declaring the NET exam results. Students often get their previous exam's results when they are set to appear for the next exam, that is held biannually.\"The new format has not diluted the difficulty level. In fact, in the commerce section, the question were too tough,\" said Nirupama Sharma, an NET candidate.\"The English paper-III was quite hard and there was not much difference in the toughness level compared to last year,\" added a candidate who appeared in the exam at SGGS College, Sector 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14385929", "title": "Lots to expect at fashion show by Gujarat chamber of commerce", "text": "SURAT : This year's Fiber to Fashion-2012 event organised by the Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI) in September is going to witness the presence of international textile, garment and hi-tech machine manufacturers from China, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka.SGCCI office-bearers said that this is for the first time that about 30 leading textile companies from China, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are participating in the four days long 'Fiber to Fashion-2012' event to be held at the Surat International Exhibition and Convention Centre (SIECC) starting from September 6.This is the first time that the SGCCI has made Fiber to Fashion event a business to business (B2B) exercise with more than 3,000 buyers from different parts of the country are expected to visit during four days long event.\"About 20 leading textile companies in the field of garment manufacturing, textile machinery manufacturers etc. from China are participating in the event. The event is part of our efforts to create a brand for Surat as the textile hub. One should know that apart from manufacturing yarns, printed fabrics, the city's textile entrepreneurs are one step ahead when it comes to designer saris, dress material and embroidered fabrics\" said Paresh Patel, president of SGCCI.This year, the SGCCI will focus on the fabrics manufactured by the city's textile entrepreneurs like sari, dress material, suiting and shirting. There would be about 250 stalls in the exhibition including that of the 30 exhibitors from foreign countries. Also, fashion shows of textile garments manufactured in the city have been planned to showcase the skills of the textile artisans in the city.Patel said \"This year we expect more than 4,000 buyers to visit the exhibition during the four days from the cities like Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Punjab, Lucknow, Mumbai, Chandigarh, New Delhi, Noida Coimbatore etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14379025", "title": "Adhunik Alloys to launch total productivity management programme", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Adhunik Alloys and Power Ltd is planning to launch a total productivity management (TPM) programme for company executives on Sunday. Noted Japanese consultant T Tachibanam who launched the drive, said sincerity and commitment are the fundamental requisites for successful implementation of TPM. \"All you have to do is to come forward with an open mind.\" Tachibana in his address to the gathering as chief guest.He said TPM is a tool for ensuring overall improvement in productivity and the company should provide support for achieving the goal. Earlier, Rajiv Agarwal, chief operating officer of the company, emphasized on the significance of TPM in his short address. Senior executive, J S Ari read out the TPM policy and underscored the role of employees in its success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14380918", "title": "From horse's mouth: Bihar farmers best", "text": "GAYA: It's not often that a non-Bihari of repute hails Bihar and the whole nation, including Bollywood biggie Aamir Khan , cannot help but nod in the affirmative. The subject this time was not the 'sushasan', or good governance, of CM Nitish Kumar but two brainy Bihari farmers' model of organic farming and giving them the pat of the superlative degree was none other than the Hyderabad-based Centre for Sustainable Agriculture's executive director G V Ramanjaneyulu.The public applause of the feat of Bihar farmers, one of them being the Bihar CM's namesake and both hailing from, again coincidentally, from the CM's \"very own\" Nalanda district, came during Aamir's popular TV programme, 'Satya Meva Jayate', which this Sunday focused on the harmful effects on humans of the chemicals used to propel and protect the produce in agriculture fields. The debate and discussions sent the shivers down the spine: Consumers of such produce end up accumulating four to five times the permissible limit of pesticides in their bodies.Organic farming gives quality produce that do not cause such health hazards and the quantity of the yield is also as high as chemically-boosted yield. \"Any examples?\" asked Aamir and pat came the reply from the agri scientist: Potato farmer Nitish and paddy farmer Sumant Kumar of Bihar have taken the lead and comprehensively beaten their counterparts in the Netherlands and China.When TOI reached Ramanjaneyulu in Hyderabad over phone soon after the telecast, he said cultivating potato through the organic method (without using chemical fertilizers and pesticides), Nitish recorded a yield of 72.9 tonnes per hectare while the previous best yield record was held by a group of the Netherlands farmers who produced 45 tonnes per hectare. Sumant harvested 224 quintals of paddy per hectare beating the previous record of Chinese farmer Longping who produced 190 quintals per hectare.The great admirer of Bihar farmers, has, however, a word of advice for both the state's farmers and the policymakers: The farmers should learn from the mistakes of Punjab where the Green Revolution, while increasing the yield, has left behind deadly health hazards and depleting water table. Owing to the excessive use of chemical fertilizers, the incidence of cancer in Punjab has assumed mind-boggling proportions. One out of every five Punjab farmer suffers from the deadly disease, the scientist said.\"Go for tenancy reforms if you have to really sustain the Bihar version of the 'Green Revolution',\" was the scientist's message to the Bihar policymakers as tiny plots and absentee ownership of land spawn stumbling blocks to proper agricultural growth in the state. A strong advocate of SRI (System of Root Intensification) method, the scientist also favours changes in cropping pattern in the south Bihar areas where water is scarce. Replace paddy with pulse crops in such areas as over-withdrawal of groundwater creates more problems than it solves, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379304", "title": "Abu Azmi seeks probe into fire at Mantralaya", "text": "PUNE: MLA and Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi on Sunday demanded an inquiry into the fire at the Mantralaya (state secretariat) building in Mumbai on Thursday.Azmi was in Pune as part of a party promotion tour of the state.He told reporters, \"Many people are saying that somebody had purposely started the fire at Mantralaya. There should be an inquiry into the matter from all angles and the facts should be put before the public.\"Azmi said the responsibility should be fixed and people who are found guilty punished. The guilty should not be spared even if they are government officers or leaders, he added.\"For instance, if a fire breaks out in a place like a shop or a commercial complex, the owner of that particular business is held guilty and his/her licence is cancelled. The same should happen in case of the fire at the Mantralaya. Also, citizens should know who was responsible for maintaining the fire fighting equipments and whether the government had insured the property or not. All these questions need to be answered,\" he said.Meanwhile, Azmi said his party promotion tour aims at spreading his parties programme in different parts of the state.He lambasted the Congress and other parties for not paying attention to the problem of citizens and blamed the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance for not taking adequate measures to solve the problems of the farming as well as the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14380287", "title": "Industry pledges green support", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city's cycle industry has decided to join hands with international NGO EcoSikh to address the environment issues in Ludhiana. Industrialists have agreed to consider adopting public roads and parks and taking responsibility to maintain them.As a starting point, they have decided to enhance and protect greenery in Focal Point area.Members of United Cycle and Parts Manufacturers Association took the decision at a function on Sunday.It was attended by Rajwant Singh, president of the EcoSikh group in USA. Exhorting industrialists to take lead in creating environmental awareness in Ludhiana, Rajwant said, \"You should designate a 'Ludhiana Day' to reflect on ways to make city environmentally sustainable. Industries should also think about adopting schools and colleges across the city for rainwater harvesting, plantation drives and tapping solar energy.\"Manjit Singh Khalsa, the chairman of united cycle and parts manufacturers' association, said, \"We have assured EcoSikh organization of their full cooperation and participation for this environmental campaign.\" President of the association Gurmeet Singh Kular proposed that the association will take the initiative to plant more trees and maintain greenery in Focal Point area and all office bearers agreed.Ranjodh Singh, managing director of GS radiators and general secretary of Auto Parts Manufacturers Association of India, also encouraged industrialists to go green. He said, \"We must use solar water heaters, insulate rooftops to save energy at homes and industries during winters and plant trees near our homes and factories to increase the city's green cover, which is so sparse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14383813", "title": "INS Teg strengthens Navy's combat power", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Navy Western Fleet, which forms a Sword Arm, received a fillip to its combat power with the arrival of the latest acquisition \u2014 INS Teg.The ship built by M/s Yantar Shipyard, Russia, is the first of three Talwar class follow-on ships ordered by the Indian Navy.The frigate was commissioned on April 27 at Kaliningrad in Russia and has a crew of 24 officers and 229 sailors.Captain Manohar Nambiar (Chief PRO-Indian Defence) said that INS Teg is an advanced version of Talwar class frigates that are in service in the Western Fleet since 2002-04, outfitted with an upgraded-suite of weapons and sensors. \"Armed with the supersonic Brahmos cruise missiles, Teg is the first ship to have this unique capability on the Western seaboard,\" said Nambiar.He said the ship is also armed with surface-to-air missile systems, upgraded medium range gun, and optically controlled close-in weapon system, Torpedo tubes and anti-submarine rockets. Keeping in line with the Navy's pursuit for indigenisation, Teg also incorporates large indigenous equipment content.Officials said that the warship had returned to India after a period of over six months and its crew was accorded a warm homecoming at the Naval Dockyard, in Mumbai.The welcome ceremony was presided over by Vice-Admiral P Murugesan, chief of staff, Western Naval Command and witnessed by a large number of family members of the ship's crew as well as several representatives of the shipbuilders, M/s Yantar Shipyard, system contractors including M/s BrahMos Aerospace and the consul general of Russia in Mumbai.Earlier, the ship's crew had departed Mumbai in Dec 11 to undergo comprehensive training at Russian Naval training institutes, before commencing extensive ship trials and testing, in conjunction with a specially appointed Naval team for Delivery Acceptance.With the completion of trials, the ship was handed over to the IN and commissioned on April 27.During her maiden return passage to Mumbai, INS Teg made port calls at Hamburg (Germany), Cadiz (Spain), Valetta ( Malta ), Limassol ( Cyprus ), Port Said ( Egypt ) and Salalah ( Oman ) to strengthen the bridges of friendship and international co-operation.In Hamburg, the ship also participated in the 823rd Hamburg Port Festival, where Sh. Anand Sharma, Union minister of commerce, industry and textiles inaugurated the 'Days of India in Germany', to commemorate the 60th anniversary of diplomatic relations between India and Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "14380462", "title": "Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanams wary of illegal hawkers, labourers", "text": "Tirumala: Notwithstanding vigilance reports that the security blanket thrown around the temple town is at grave risk with the presence of unidentified people from various parts of the country, the presence of illegal hawkers and labourers is posing new problems to officials while providing security to visiting pilgrimsVigilance department submitted a report to Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanams (TTD) saying that due to the presence of hawkers, anti-social activities are on the rise. Sources said allegations were flying thick and fast that revenue department had given permissions to several small shopkeepers in violation of rules. There are no identity cards for hawkers and the labourers who work here.Despite efforts, hawker menace at the temple has always been a cause of concern for TTD while providing fool-proof security to pilgrims swarming Lord's abode from various parts of the country. It was found that number of license renewals for hawkers is always more when compared to licences issued . \"Officials are in collusion with local politicians and license seekers,\" a senior vigilance official said.The number of licences increased from 67 in 1982 to 127 in 1997 and 187 in 2000. In 2000, the TTD overhauled the complete system. Locals were given priority for issuance of licences. Identity cards were issued and fee was collected from them for eight years as earlier the hawkers and labourers had no ID cards. But during the process, it was found that 360 licences were held by the locals and the 185 bogus licences were scrapped. TTD officials said there was no need to sanction new licences as number of hawkers is already huge. But officials threw caution to the winds by secretly issuing licences to more hawkers and it was alleged that money changed hands. During an enquiry, 128 licences were cancelled when IYR Krishna Rao was the executive officer (EO).At a recent review meeting, TTD EO LV Subramanyam asked officials to increase security measures. He asked vigilance sleuths to enhance security at pilgrim accommodations complexes, Kalyanakatta, Alipiri checkpost, GNC toll gate, Srivari mettu and other areas and keep an eye on the movements of unauthorized hawkers and illegal labourersin Tirumala.\"Temple management is more interested in buying advanced security apparatus and arranging review meetings instead of changing situation at ground level,\" a senior official told TOI. There were instances when liquor, meat, cigarettes and gutka packets were recovered from the hills in spite of a total ban on these items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380433", "title": "Hauz Khas parking yet to open", "text": "NEW DELHI: The underground multilevel parking at Hauz Khas, which was inaugurated with much fanfare in February, has not been made operational so far. What's more, the facility is unlikely to be ready till December, according to Savita Gupta, mayor of the south corporation.\"Work is under way and it will take another six months before the parking lot can be opened. The lowest floor (3rd floor) of the facility is still to be constructed. Tenders have to be floated; the process will take at least a month,\" said Gupta.BJP went ahead with the inauguration \u2014 in the run-up to municipal polls \u2014 though only 70% of the work was complete. The opposition has called this a politically motivated move. \"Of the 41 parking lots conceived in 2008, only one has become operational to date. BJP has failed to address city's parking woes. The project costs have increased by almost by 50% due to the long delays,\" said Mukesh Goel, leader of the opposition, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14378804", "title": "Govt pays less to paddy growers", "text": "BHANDARA: The state government caused a loss of Rs 13 crore to farmers by purchasing A grade paddy from farmers from Bhandara, Gondia and Gadchiroli districts and paying them minimum support price of B grade. If this anomaly was not removed the BJP would take to streets, warned MLA Nana Patole.Addressing a press conference, Patole said the government should compensate Rs 13 crore else the central and state ministers would not be allowed to move in the district.He said the government purchased 44.27 lakh quintals of A grade paddy in 2010-11 and 2011-12 through the marketing federation at minimum support price. However, while making payment, the farmers were given the price of B grade. Due to this the farmers incurred a loss of Rs 30 per quintal and the total loss amounted to Rs 13 crore.Patole claimed that this was done deliberately to benefit rice mill owners as they get Rs 100 for milling B grade paddy. Thus the millers earned Rs 40 crore at the cost of farmers.Former minister Vilas Shrungarpawar said 1010 grade paddy is produced in three districts which is grade A. According to a government resolution , the rice is called A grade if its length is 2.5 times more than its thickness. The demand of the farmers was genuine, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14382668", "title": "Taliban attacks Pakistan military posts, 8 soldiers dead", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Over 100 Taliban fighters crossed over from Afghanistan and attacked military posts in Upper Dir area of northwest Pakistan, triggering clashes that left eight soldiers and 15 militants dead, officials said today.The Taliban launched the attack late last night and killed at least eight soldiers, Pakistani military officials were quoted as saying by CNN.Fifteen Taliban fighters were killed in the exchange of fire that followed the attacks in Upper Dir district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province.Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan said the Afghan Taliban carried out the attacks.The Pakistani Taliban helped with reconnaissance and information before the attack, Ehsan told CNN.At least five Pakistani soldiers were reported missing after the clashes, The Express Tribune reported on its website.Authorities had lost communications with a patrolling party that was attacked, an unnamed official told the newspaper.There was no official word in this regard.The attacks were the latest in a series of cross-border assaults from regions in eastern Afghanistan where US troops began pulling out last year.Similar cross-border attacks by the Taliban killed dozens of Pakistani soldiers last year and increased tensions between Islamabad and Kabul.On Friday, at least one soldier was killed and two others were injured when Taliban fighters from Afghanistan attacked a check post in Upper Dir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14382162", "title": "Only work target matters to these women, not health", "text": "MYSORE: For Yasmeen Begum, the day starts with cooking. Later, she sits at a corner of her small house and starts preparing agarbattis.This 40-year-old learnt preparing agarbattis when she was just nine. The sole breadwinner has three children. Yasmeen prepares about 6,000 sticks a day and earns Rs 100. \"I don't want my children to learn my profession. So I made them join school,\" she said.Most of the women at Ghousia Nagar here spend their day preparing agarbattis and rolling beedis. Some cook food only in the morning, and have it for both lunch and dinner. While some cook food only at night -- to be used for breakfast the next morning, while others bring it from hotels.\"If we cook food thrice , we cannot meet the targets. If we do, our income will be affected,\" explains Zaiyeda. Her routine starts from serving children the previous night food and sending them to school. She starts rolling beedis from 9am till her children return from school in the evening. \"As I cannot cook, I give them pocket money to buy bread or bun for lunch,\" she adds. She retires to bed after reaching the target, around 1am. The routine of many women is similar to that of Yasmeen and Zaiyeda. They keep working even if they fall sick. So they do not want their daughters to learn their work.\"Patients suffering from diarrhoea frequently come to our hospital. Instead of eating stale food, they have to consume fresh food or else it will affect their and children's health,\" said V Chandrahas, cheif medical officer of Central Hospital.Most of the children studying at Hilal School in Ghousia Nagar hail from such families. \"Students cannot concentrate on studies. I have seen them playing in grounds at lunch time, instead of going home for lunch,\" says Amirullah Khan, headmaster of Hilal School. Many students discontinue their study after VIII Std to work. \"Every year, we go from house to house and request parents to send drop-outs back to school ,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380636", "title": "19 held on charges of poaching in Ranthambore National Park", "text": "JAIPUR: A group of 19 people from Jaipur's Ramganj and Johari Bazaar areas was arrested on charges of poaching in Ranthambore National Park, Sawai Madhopur early on Sunday.Forest department's Cobra teams - formed to keep a watch on poachers in the park-seized a gypsy, two bikes, a scooter, about two kg fish, nets, knives and other equipment from their possession.Officials said the group claimed they were fishing in the Banas River. However, with regular movement of at least two big cats in the area, their intention of causing harm to the animals cannot be ruled out.All the 19 have been booked under various sections of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.\"We got a tip-off about presence of some people in the Dang Doodhbhat area near Kailadevi Sanctuary in the Ranthambore National Park's compartment number-16,\" said Y K Sahu, divisional forest officer (DFO), Ranthambore.Four teams soon swung into action. \"During investigation, we found that the men belonged to Walled City area in Jaipur and had come to the park via Gangapur,\" he added.Those arrested are Mohammed Jaquir, Mohammed Sahid, Abdul Nasir, Saliuddin, Mohammed Ishaq, Mohammed Ali, Nasir Ahmed, Mohammed Yasin, Mohammed Rafeeq, Mohammed Haseen, Mohammed Asif, Mohammed Sareef, Mohammed Javed, Mohammed Raheem, Mohammed Salim, Adbul Kabeer and Basiuddin.All of them fall in the age bracket of 27-45 years. While the department is yet to check on their background, but officials said most of them are involved in coloured stone business.The Cobra team members were taken aback to find sharp-edged weapons from their possession. \"They tried to escape but were arrested,\" Sahu added.Forest officer Ravindra Singh Kala, who is investigating the case, said, \"Their presence in the area is highly suspicious. It is being investigated if they had come on a fun trip or for some other reasons,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381344", "title": "Two cases of dowry harassment filed", "text": "NASHIK: Pooja Shukla (21), a resident of Swapnil Bungalow, Pragati Colony, Upnagar, has lodged a complaint of dowry harassment against her husband, Swapnil and three in-laws.Pooja said in her complaint at the Upnagar police station that they were harassing her physically and mentally to bring Rs 5 lakh from her parents for her husband. Pooja said that her in-laws were harassing her from February 13 to March 24. She said her brother-in-law Amit even went ahead to outrage her modesty during that period, while her husband and mother-in-law took her jewellery and sold it. The Upnagar police are investigation the case.Another complaint of dowry harassment was registered at the Nashik Road police station. Chetal Zawar (25), a resident of Raghunandan row-house, Jail Road, accused her husband Pankaj and two in-laws of harassing her mentally and physically to get from her parents Rs 20 lakh, which they said they spent on the wedding. The complainant said they started harassing her four days after marriage on April 19, 2008, and continued to torture her till May 25. The Nashik Road police are investigating the case.50-year-old beaten up: Dhyanchand Thakur (50) of Super Punjab Road Carrier Transport, Adgaon Shivar, has lodged a complaint against two people for beating him up near his residence. Thakur said that at 3.30pm on Saturday, he went to urinate beside a truck parked near the transporter's office, when two persons picked up an argument and started assaulting him up with sharp weapons. The Adgaon police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380780", "title": "BSc 3rd year college student found dead", "text": "CHENNAI: A BSc IIIrd year student was found dead in suspicious circumstances at her residence in Velachery on Sunday.The girl named Jayanthi, 19, was studying in a city college near Saidapet. Her mother works as a house maid.The incident came to light on Saturday night when her mother found the lifeless body of her daughter in the house. Police officials said that there was no suicide note found at the scene. A senior official said \"there were no marks of injury or blood found near the body. However, there were some bottles lying near her body which needs to be examined more carefully\". Officials suspect a love affair to be the possible reason for the suicide.A case was has been booked under section 174 (suspicious death) of the criminal procedure code (CrPC). Police have sent the body for postmortem and an investigation in to the matter has been started, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384833", "title": "Honoured to be nominated alongside SPB: Aalaap Raju", "text": "The singer-guitarist who performed at the Stanes Alumni function in Chennai recently, says he has a long way to go as a singer and was proud to be nominated alongside the legendary SPBThe man may have played in over 200 countries across the country and abroad as a bass guitarist, and also made his mark as a singer, but admits to being rather surprised to have tasted so much success rather soon.\"I didn't expect Enamo Aedho to be such a big hit, and was honoured to be nominated alongside a legend like SPB sir, who is in a league of his own,\" Aalaap Raju says.Though he lost out to SPB and Ennamo Aedho was voted song of the year instead, Aalaap admits he is still letting the success sink in.\"I still have a long way to go as a singer, and it is great to be working with such talented music directors and singers at this stage of my career,\" he adds, excited.The singer also loves studying the history of musical instruments and going on long drives during his spare time.\"Music is pretty much my all-consuming passion, apart from long drives, which I have yet to go on. I would love to drive down to Goa very soon,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14382131", "title": "People oppose library at park", "text": "MYSORE: Unlike any other Sunday, the air was energetic at People's Park here. Many environmentalists, school and college students, along with their parents, assembled at the park to oppose the construction of a library there.People's Park, a lung space in the city, has lost substantial area to a school, tennis club, taxi stand and places of worship.Now, the public are opposing the government's move to construct a public library there. But what attracted the attention was their Gandhian way of urging the government to shelve the project.As planned, many people assembled at the park by 10am, and were joined by many more as the day passed. Schoolchildren from across the city too came in good numbers to show their solidarity with the protesters. Sporting placards with slogans 'Save People's Park, Save Nature', they sang in praise of nature. The members of Mysore Youth Forum also stage a street play on nature conservation. Ten artists expressed their love towards nature through their paintings. \"There is no speech and no protest. We have gathered here to create awareness among the younger generation about the protection of nature,\" Bhamy V Shenoy, founder-member of Mysore Grahakara Parishat (MGP), said.\"One can see how corporation has ruined the beauty of the park by dumping of debris in the park. Now, they want to build library too,\" Shenoy added.R Balasubramaniam, founder of Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement, said: \"We are not against the library, but we oppose encroachment of park area. Politicians just cannot encroach upon public property and get away,\" said. MGP member Chandraprakash went down the memory lane, saying he has been visiting the park ever since he was a child.The emotional attachment that he has with the park made him say that the proposed structure may affect the serenity of the park. \"If we do not protest, Mysore will also face the same problems what Bangalore has already faced,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14380993", "title": "Doctors' strike likely to hit medicare today", "text": "PATNA: With doctors in Bihar set to join the daylong nationwide strike called by the Indian Medical Association on Monday, medical services across the state are likely to remain paralysed on June 25. The strike has been called in protest against the proposed National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011.Dr Parmanand Prasad Pal, president of the IMA's Bihar chapter, said private hospitals, clinics, nursing homes and diagnostic centres would remain closed on Monday, except for the emergency services. Doctors of all the six government medical college hospitals and two private medical college hospitals have supported the IMA's strike call. Doctors would be available only for emergency services.Medical services in the state are already severely affected due to the ongoing strike of junior doctors of three medical colleges and hospitals, including two located in the state capital. These are Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) and Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH).The strike of junior doctors of PMCH entered its 11th day on Sunday, with the report of the probe committee constituted to inquire into the alleged manhandling of the hospital superintendent and one of the two deputy superintendents on June 14 by the junior doctors, still to be submitted to the government. The junior doctors had proceeded on strike following a scuffle with the attendants of a patient, who was allegedly denied prompt treatment at the hospital.Similarly, the strike of junior doctors of NMCH in support of their demands entered its fourth day on Sunday.Meanwhile, principal secretary, health, Vyasji said, \"We have deployed doctors from outside at the PMCH and they are running the hospital well. If the students do not want to study, it is their call.\" He also disagreed with the state IMA's view that not assigning emergency duty to junior doctors was against the MCI norms. This is incorrect, he said.It needs to be recalled here that the state government, toughening its stand towards the striking junior doctors, has decided that they would be taken off emergency duty in all the government medical college hospitals. Full-time doctors will be posted at the emergency wards of medical college hospitals, it has been announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14386568", "title": "ICC CEC recommends mandatory use of DRS", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: The International Cricket Council's Chief Executive Committee on Monday recommended mandatory use of the controversial Decision Review System, an innovation that has been consistently opposed by the BCCI, in Tests and one-dayers.The CEC met for two days on June 24 and 25 as part of the ICC Annual Conference and \"recommended to the Board the universal application of the DRS after being satisfied with the technology enhancements provided by new Hotspot cameras and the results of the independent research on ball tracking conducted by Dr Ed Rosten, an expert in computer vision technology.\"Dr Rosten tested the accuracy and reliability of ball tracking in a recent Test series and concluded that the results were \"100 per cent in agreement with the outcomes produced from his assessments.\"CEC recommended that, subject to the Members' ability to finance and obtain the required technology, DRS should be mandatory for all Tests and ODIs.\"Furthermore, Hotspot cameras must be included in the minimum requirements (two cameras) alongside ball tracking technology.The CEC also recommended a minor amendment to the LBW protocols whereby the 'margin of uncertainty' regarding the point of impact with the batsman should be the same as that provided for the point of impact with the stumps.\"The number of successful reviews will be retained at two per innings for a Test and one per innings for an ODI.\"Outgoing ICC CEO Haroon Lorgat said the recommendations have been made on the basis of independent trials.\"We have made good progress in independently testing ball tracking and the new enhancements has resulted in the CEC unanimously supporting the ICC Cricket Committee's recommendation to universally apply the DRS in all Test matches and ODIs,\" he said.BCCI has vehemently opposed the system, insisting that it is not accurate enough and has time and again refused to allow its usage in bilateral series featuring India.On the other issues related to the sport, the CEC stressed on keeping the ODI format relevant in the face of stiff popularity competition from T20s.\"When considering the appeal of the 50-over format, the CEC agreed with the ICC Cricket Committee recommended regulation changes including that powerplays be restricted to the first block of 10 overs and a batting Powerplay of five overs to be completed before the start of the 41st over.\"(Also) a maximum of four fielders to be allowed outside the 30-yard circle in the non-Powerplay overs and the number of permitted short pitched balls should increase from one per over to two.The CEC also supported the introduction of Day/Night Test cricket, with the approval of both participating teams and the provision of a suitable ball as recommended by the ICC Cricket Committee.Besides, the CEC felt that extra context will be granted to Test cricket by the introduction of an ICC World Test Championship in 2017 and to ODI cricket through the introduction of full qualification process for the ICC Cricket World Cup from 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "14381459", "title": "Number of women drug smugglers on the rise in Malwa", "text": "BATHINDA: The districts of Bathinda, Mansa and Muktsar have been witnessing a rise in the number of women criminals, especially in smuggling of narcotics in the region.Last year, around 147 women were arrested by police in these districts in the first five months upto May 31, while this year, the number has gone up to 159 in the same period.Data made available by Punjab police revealed that most arrested women were either part of gangs or were working independently and held while smuggling the contraband.Last year, Bathinda police had arrested 49 women offenders, Mansa police 55 and Muktsar police had nabbed 43 females. This year, Bathinda police arrested 55 women offenders, Mansa police held 63 women and Muktsar police nabbed 41 females, sources said.Police have arrested about 2,200 men in these districts this year. Police officials said that Malwa region has been witnessing a rise in the number of women smugglers for the last two years. Most arrested women were local residents and there were hardly any migrant females arrested, they said.Majority of them were caught while on their way back from Rajasthan after getting the narcotics from there.\"The drug peddlers have started a new method to smuggle. They take women along and bring drugs from Rajasthan and other areas. Trains and other public transport systems are used by these drug peddlers usually,\" said a police official.Not only under NDPS Act, the women have been arrested for other crimes as well, he said.\"No doubt the number of females accused is more here than other areas of Punjab. We have arrested over 150 females, accused in different cases. With police turning more strict about drug peddlers in the area, they have started using females in the trade. Females can't be checked easily, ensuring their success in this business,\" said Pramod Ban, DIG, Bathinda Range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385154", "title": "Twins tunes debuts in Kollywood", "text": "After launching a promotional album for cricketer Sreesanth; Arun and Anoop better known as Twins Tunes are making their foray into Kollywood.They have composed songs for the soon-to-be released movie, 'Puthumughangal Thevai'. They have also worked on yet another music album in Malayalam. \"We have been working on a music album by actress Kavya Madhavan for the last four years. However, it got delayed due to various reasons. The album will be launched in July,\" says Arun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380215", "title": "Why did it take 12 hrs to control fire, asks CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Mantralaya was getting back to business on Sunday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan posed some hard questions seeking answers as to why it took over 12 hours to douse the blaze. In a review meeting with officials at the new administration building, close to Mantralaya, Chavan also wanted to know whether the fire was caused due the faulty architecture or was it because the fire brigade was ill-equipped to handle it.\"It took over 12 hours for the fire brigade to put off the fire. Chavan wants to know the reasons for the fire spreading. Besides, the chief minister wants the probe agency to find out whether the architecture of the state administrative headquarters was the problem to control the fire or was it because the fire brigade was ill-equipped to handle the situation,\" a senior official attached with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's office said.On Thursday, a massive fire engulfed the state administrative headquarters killing five persons and injuring several government employees and visitors. The government has ordered an inquiry into it. As the fire spread, rumours also flew thick and fast. Some stated that fire brigade officials took time to control the fire as the state secretariats architecture was unsuitable for carrying out rescue operations, while others claimed that the Mumbai fire brigade was not equipped to handle high rise buildings.\"Chavan has ordered a probe to find reasons for delay in putting out the fire. The probe will put an end to the ambiguity,\" the official said.However a fire brigade official said they did their best under the circumstances. \"Mantralaya is very close to sea face. There is high velocity of wind. This was one of the reasons for the fire spreading. Also, water supply was not continuous,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14386291", "title": "Congress bids farewell to Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress Working Committee convened a special meeting on Monday to bid farewell to veteran party leader and presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee.Emerging from the meeting, Pranab Mukherjee thanked the party and said that it was an emotional day for him.He announced that he will resign as finance minister on Tuesday.Congress leader Janardan Dwivedi gave details of the meeting and said that party president Sonia Gandhi personally bid farewell to Pranab.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said that the government will miss Pranab Mukherjee, he said.Dwivedi announced that Pranab Mukherjee would be filing his nomination for presidential poll on June 28.Besides Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi, other senior Congress leaders were present in the meeting.Three CWC members including Ghulam Nabi Azad and Digvijaya Singh could not make it to the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379908", "title": "HC takes 4 yrs to act on apex court order", "text": "MUMBAI: Even the Supreme Court's writ does not appear to run in the country. It took four years for the Bombay high court to decide on the stay granted for prosecution in a cheating case though the SC had asked to dispose it preferably in 90 days.The SC order of July 2008 was in response to an appeal filed by businessman Mahesh Patria against the HC stay on the probe of an FIR registered against 18 parties. The HC in February 2008 granted a stay on the Cuffe Parade police stations's August 2007 FIR of cheating, criminal breach of trust and conspiracy. Now, on June 12 this year, the HC gave a go-ahead for the probe, saying the police has the jurisdiction. Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi also said that considering the nature of transaction entered into between parties and the allegations against the accused, it was not necessary that each and every detail of the accused's involvement be spelt out. The accused had denied the charges in the court and had questioned the Cuffe Parade police's jurisdiction.The complainant, Rajkot-based businessman Patria, said he has been fighting for a probe since 2004. \"The Rajkot police did not entertain the complaint. The Mumbai economic offences wing said it was not a case of cheating,\" he told TOI.In 1995, the complainant, owner of Patria Foods, decided to take over a Kolkata-based company, Western Projects Ltd. Kolkota-based share broker firm Mehta and Ajmera's partner Girish Mehta and his chartered accountant friend, Sanjay Bavishi, offered help to conclude the deal. Western Projects had a paid up capital of 2.4 lakh shares and Patria paid Rs 27.81 lakh to them for acquiring these shares in 1995-96. A total of 35% of the shares were held by the directors while the balance were with 48 other share-holders. On their suggestion, SMIFS Capital was appointed as the merchant banker. Patria completed the procedures and in 1996, was told by Mehta that the complainant, his wife Leena and his friend's son Jayan Nayak were appointed as promoters and directors. However, the shares were not delivered, Patria's complaint to the magistrate's court said.In 1997, Patria went to England for a year on a business trip. \"By then, Mehta had been avoiding my calls. In 2003, I received summons from SEBI seeking details of transfer of shares from my account to another account. I had returned by then and sensed a fraud because I had not transferred any shares,\" he said.Patria later found out his and his wife's signatures were forged on various documents including the company's balance sheet. They were shown present in the board meetings. A chairperson was appointed showing that they agreed to it.After approaching several authorities, Patria filed a complaint in the Esplanade court. On directions of additional metropolitan magistrate M H Belosay, Cuffe Parade police registered an FIR. The accused include then director of SMIFS Capital Utsav Parekh, father-in-law of union minister Praful Patel's daughter. The accused obtained a stay from HC on the probe following which Patria moved the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14381225", "title": "Villagers cry foul over reinstating of school teacher", "text": "RAJKOT: Academic work in a girls' school in Amreli district has come to halt for the past three days as parents have strongly opposed re-appointment of a teacher, who had eloped with a girl student.Nearly 800 girls have stopped going to Amrutlal Hiralal Kanya Vidhyalay in Vadia village as their parents don't want the teacher Shailesh Sharma in the school.According Vipul Rank, the village sarpanch, Sharma was re-appointed after 12 years.\"Sharma had eloped with a class X girl 12 years ago. He was married and had children. After the incident, the school's trust suspended him. However, the teacher filed a case in the court and won,\" said Rank.Villagers said that they do not want him again as they fear for the safety of their girls.\"Nobody is ready to send their girls to this school because of Sharma. As of now, he has not been given any teaching assignment due to the protests. But, we will continue our protests till he is sacked,\" said Dilip Singala, president, Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Vadia.Vadia has a population of nearly 12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380283", "title": "Passport Mela a big draw on second day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Huge crowds queued up at all the three Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) in the city on the second and final day of Passport Mela on Sunday. Applicants, who came to know of the walk-in counters especially opened on this weekend, thronged the PSKs to submit their documents.Though the response on the first day was poor due to lack of publicity, the word spread fast and the PSKs at Begumpet, Ameerpet and Tolichowki saw people standing in long queues from 9 am on Sunday. \"We received around 2,000 applications in all six PSKs including three in the city and another three in the state. Of these, 1,685 applications were accepted,\" a senior official in Regional Passport Office (RPO), Hyderabad, said.\"We also opened counters and accepted applications at the Passport Regional Office, Secunderabad. Another 1,000 applications were received on Sunday here,\" the officer said. At Begumpet PSK, officials accepted applications from all those standing in queue, though it meant opening the counter beyond the deadline of 2 pm. \"We received around 500 applications and accepted 230 after scrutinizing all documents,\" said an official here.At Ameerpet, 600 applications were received and only 280 accepted as several failed to get the mandatory documents. At Tolichowki PSK, the process got delayed due to lack of staff.However, the day was not without its own set of problems. As photocopy centres were closed on Sunday, applicants found it a tough task to put their papers in order. At Begumpet and Ameerpet PSKs, applicants had to stand for hours in the sun. Due to the heavy rush, security personnel allowed fewer batches of applicants into the premises and closed the gates forcing people to stand on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14384775", "title": "Now, check train status on your mobile phone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Knowing the exact location of a train was never so easy as one can now track it on a mobile phone.A joint team of railways and IIT-Kanpur has developed a technology - the real-time train running information system - which enables a mobile user to access information about the exact location of a train.One has to type the train number and SMS it to 09415139139 or 09664139139 for knowing the exact location of a train on real-time basis, a Railway Ministry official said.The service is currently available for 36 pairs of premier trains, including Rajdhani, Shatabdi and Duronto.\"Not all premier trains are covered yet. Some of the trains covered under the project included Mumbai Rajdhani, Howrah Rajdhani, Dibrugarh Rajdhani, Sealdah Duronto and Shatabdi trains for Bhopal , Kanpur and Amritsar,\" the official said.The facility would be extended to all major trains in the next 18 months and the railways has allocated Rs 121 crore for the project, he said.\"It will cost about Rs 50,000 to install a receiver on the locomotive for making the system operational. There will be a centre at New Delhi for receiving data from across the country. We are hopeful that by the end of 2013, all mail and express trains will have the system as the trial run for the pilot project is complete now,\" the official said.Railways had obtained permission from ISRO to operate the system through satellite for the pilot project.\"We have sought fresh permission from the ISRO to use the satellite for other trains,\" the official said, adding that besides satellite, GPS is also being used for the system.CRIS, the technology arm of Railways, will sign an MoU with IIT-Kanpur shortly to execute the project.Besides mobile phones, the facility provides the precise location of trains through interactive mode on laptops, thereby eliminating the need for a telephonic enquiry.Railways is also working towards providing broadband-based internet and multimedia facilities and high quality train information displays and information boards at stations to improve the quality of passenger service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378704", "title": "Power production at Kudankulam in two months", "text": "NAGPUR: The production of nuclear power from the first stage reactor at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu will be delayed a bit more, with the first light water or pressurized water reactor starting production in another two months, sometime in August. However, experts are not seeing it as a delay; they claim the procedural steps are just taking some time. The second reactor at Kudankulam is expected to start power production in around six months.Retired chairman of Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) Srikumar Banerjee, now Homi Bhabha Chair Professor in the department of atomic energy (DAE), said that the first light water or pressurized water reactor (PWR) at Kudankulam will start generating in two months, with the second one producing by the year end.Banerjee was in the city to inaugurate the two-day national workshop on 'recent advances in geology of Dongargarh-Kotri-belt in Central India and its mineral potential'. It has been organized jointly by Atomic Mineral Directorate for Exploration and Research and the Gondwana Geological Society.An established nuclear scientist himself Banerjee knows the intricacies of commissioning and functioning of a reactor. He explained that the reactor was running on dummy fuel till recently, after which it was put to nuclear heating. After this step the Atomic Energy Regulator Board (AERB) will inspect it and clear it for next step, which is approach to criticality.The nuclear fuel loading will begin in some time and the reactor will become functional in two months. This means the first target of producing 2,000MW power from PWRs will be completed in six months. In the next stage, four reactors of 700MW will begin staggered power production one after other in 2016. This will be followed by the first 500MW fast breeder reactor (FBR). The FBRs are being brought in with support from three countries, Kazakhstan, Russia and French suppliers. The government is also contemplating setting up four more new reactors, including the third stage at Kudankulam and Jaitapur.\"India's power needs are very huge. Nuclear power will contribute just 3% of the need. This percentage will further go down as demand increases. But yet it is an important contribution,\" said Banerjee.Reacting to the Jaitapur controversy, he said he was very optimistic about the project. The techno-economical analysis has been good and a five-year study conducted by eight different universities on the possible temperature rise in seawater since 2000 has shown a mere rise of 4-5 degrees, that too in a limited area of 300 meters in the sea at a spot 2-3 km away from the plant, where heated water will be released by an undersea canal. The nearby mango plantations will also not be affected, he said.\"The Jaitapur plant's footprint will only cover an area of radius 1.6km. But we have promised people around to develop technical educational institutions, health care in the form of mobile units, scholarships for students etc as we cannot offer direct employment to all people around it,\" said Banerjee.On the need for importing uranium under the international nuclear treaty, he said the country cannot run its nuclear programme only on the basis of existing resources like the Tummalapalle uranium mine (70,000 tonnes) at Kadapa in Andhra Pradesh. Importing good quality uranium will reduce the cost of production as well as meet our growing need, he said.Banerjee, who was involved in both nuclear tests of 1974 and 1998, sees these tests as a sign of peace rather than a threat. \"If our neighbours know we are nuclear capable, they will never dare to attack us. Otherwise too, our commitment has always been that we will not use nuclear weapons first for strategic purposes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379855", "title": "1,500 clinics doctors to keep off work against clinical act", "text": "BHOPAL: About 1,500 clinics, including 128 nursing homes affiliated to the Indian Medical Association (IMA), in the city will join the nation-wide token strike on Monday to protest against the Clinical Establishment Act (CEA) and other policies. However, government doctors affiliated to the IMA would work wearing black bands. Emergency services will remain unaffected in private and government hospitals.According to estimates, some 200 surgeries have been postponed and some 15,000 patients, who are examined by private medical practitioners, stand to be impacted by the day-long bandh.Taking note of the proposed strike, city's biggest government hospital is gearing up to handle more patients. JP hospital superintendent and civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha said, \"We have cancelled leave request of all doctors in wake of the IMA bandh. Besides the regular 30 OPD staff, other doctors from indoor services would be pressed into action if need be,\" assured Dr Sinha.Similar instructions have been issued for Hamidia Hospital and Sultania Hospital, too.IMA greater Bhopal branch president Dr Gopal Batni said, \"Private clinics would stay away from OPDs and planned surgeries.\"\"The matter has been for pending for a year. The government should pay attention to our demands,\" said IMA Bhopal chapter member Dr Sanjay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14380991", "title": "15,000 scholars appear at NET", "text": "PATNA: More than 15,000 scholars of the state appeared at the UGC's National Eligibility Test (NET) held at 14 different centres here on Sunday. The test was held quite peacefully at all the centres, claimed Patna University (PU) officials.The test is held to determine candidates' eligibility for lectureship and for the award of junior research fellowship (JRF) and to ensure minimum standards for the entrants in teaching and research.In the beginning, however, there was some commotion as well as confusion at some of the centres due to delay in distribution of test booklets and answer sheets.PU development officer and NET coordinator Sanjay Kumar Sinha, when contacted, said the delay in distribution of test booklets and answer sheets at some examination centres was due to lack of coordination between the centre superintendent and the observer. However, this problem was sorted out without any further delay and the examinees at the affected centres were given some extra time. There was no problem as such at Magadh Mahila College, said college observer M N Sinha.The number of candidates has increased three times compared to the test held in December last. About 6,000 candidates in different subjects had taken the test last time. The NET examination is held twice every year, in June and December.The centres for UGC's NET examination included Patna College, Patna Science College, B N College, Patna Law College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya, Magadh Mahila College, Darbhanga House complex, A N College, College of Commerce, J D Women's College, DAV Public School, Shashtrinagar Government Girls' High School and Bankipur Girls' High School.PU had appointed observer for each examination centre, said Sinha.It may be mentioned that PU students had performed well in the NET held in December last year. As many as 25 students had cleared the JRF and 86 cleared the NET. The results were declared last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14382029", "title": "Hubli's stinking problem", "text": "HUBLI: HDMC officials who are striving to make 'Operation Dirty' a success had better take note.Their ambitious project that aims at making the city clean and shiny will prove futile if they don't address the public toilet problem on a war footing. There are no adequate number of public toilets in Hubli. The existing public toilets are grossly ignored. The mobile toilets installed by the corporation are in bad shape. Due to lack of maintenance, these portable toilets are filthy and stinking, defeating the very purpose for which they were installed. Hubli has nearly eight lakh population but there are no sufficient public toilets or urinals to meet the requirement. To fill the gap the HDMC installed 10 mobile toilets at different locations. But since they are not cleaned and maintained regularly, most of them are rendered useless. People avoid using them. And the garbage containers kept beside these mobile toilets overflow, turning the surroundings a dump yard.Speaking to TOI, Mallesh of New Cotton Market said that he avoids using the mobile toilet kept opposite the swimming pool complex since it is always dirty and the garbage container kept besides the toilet stinks.According to Veerendra Kundagol, joint commissioner of HDMC, installing mobile toilets is not a permanent solution to the problem. \"We have stopped keeping such portable toilets. We have sufficient land to build public toilets in the twin cities. We are identifying land to construct toilets,\" he said. But the question that remains is when the new toilets will be built and how they will be maintained.The HDMC also built some public toilets under 'pay and use' system, but the number of these toilets is only five. Also there are toilets in slum areas built by the Slum Board, but their condition is nothing but pathetic. Shivananda Muttannavar, chairman of the standing committee for public health said that there is a proposal to construct 'Sulabha Shouchalayas' in some wards. Tenders will be called for maintenance of toilets, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14383508", "title": "Key 26/11 handler arrested by Delhi Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell of Delhi Police has arrested 26/11 handler Syed Jabiudin at Delhi airport, according to Times Now.Syed Jabiudin, who is also known as Abu Hamza, had given instructions to the terrorists who had carried out attacks in Mumbai.According to reports, Syed Jabiudin had an active involvement in the planning of Mumbai terror attacks and had helped the terror opreratives to identify targets.The handler was arrested on June 22 after he was deported from Saudi Arabia , according to Times Now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381375", "title": "Awareness could prevent 80 percent of strokes", "text": "Identifying the early signs of mental deterioration and timely intervention in stroke or paralysis remains the biggest challenge for health experts even as the region geared for recovery on the World Paralysis Day on Sunday. The health experts especially neurologists are however hopeful that awareness could prevent up to 80 per cent of stroke giving new lease of life to the patients.Up to 80 percent of all strokes can be prevented by working with a healthcare professional to reduce personal risk. \"Although stroke can happen to anyone, certain risk factors can increase chances of a stroke. It is important to manage personal risk and know how to recognize and respond to stroke signs and symptoms\", said Dr VN Mishra, Department of Neurology, Banaras Hindu University on the occasion.It may be mentioned here that a stroke or 'brain attack' occurs when a blood clot blocks an artery (a blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the body) or a blood vessel (a tube through which the blood moves through the body) breaks, interrupting blood flow to an area of the brain. When either of these things happen, brain cells begin to die and brain damage occurs.\"When brain cells die during a stroke, abilities controlled by that area of the brain are lost. The abilities including speech, movement and memory of a stroke patient is affected depending on where the stroke occurs in the brain and how much the brain is damaged. The preventive measures could be put in place by generating awareness amongst people and it can help reduce the chances of stroke, Dr Mishra said. The high blood pressure is a major stroke risk factor if left untreated. Similarly, smoking doubles the risk of stroke by damaging blood vessel walls, speeding up artery clogging, raising blood pressure and making the heart work harder. Even alcohol use has been linked to stroke in many studies, he added on the occasion.The health experts especially neurologists also advocate to keep tab on early signs and symptoms, to give a fair idea about the conditions often leading to paralysis. As per reports of Department of Neurology, BHU , the early signs and symptoms including drooping of one side of face while smiling and drifting of one of the arm downwards while raising the arm should not be ignored.According to Dr Mishra, someone who has a small stroke may experience only minor problems such as weakness of an arm or leg. People who have larger strokes may be paralyzed on one side or lose their ability to speak. Some people recover completely from strokes, but more than two-third of survivors will have some type of disability in their life time. Recovery from stroke is a lifelong process. For many people, recovery begins with formal rehabilitation, which can restore independence by improving physical, mental and emotional functions. It is important for the patients and their families to know that no matter where they are in their recovery journey, there is always hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386410", "title": "Big icons of small screen!", "text": "That television in India is no longer 'small screen' is a fact that's almost accepted. So it comes as no surprise when some soapbox characters assume larger than life proportions and become part of the viewers' lives. In fact, the viewer connects so strongly to the character that the actor playing that role becomes incidental. The boundary lines merge and when the actor stops being himself/herself and becomes the character is sometimes difficult to say. Prime time television shows can boast of some truly memorable characters who have and continue to hold a special place in viewers' hearts. Here's a quick look at the top 10 all time top favourite male characters who've made the viewers smile, made hearts beat faster everytime they've walked into the screen and looked at their audiences.Shaktimaan (played by Mukesh Khanna) in Shaktimaan : Indian telly's first superhero who inspired an entire generation of kids, often making them take on daredevil acts) and not so young to watch his various capers to save the world from evil. If f he was a poor copy of Superman, then no one noticed really, because he had the audiences hooked in an age when TRPs didn't dictate viewership patterns!Karamchand ( played by Pankaj Kapoor) of Karamchand : A televised copy of Agatha Christie's Hercules Poirot , Pankaj Kapoor was the bumbling, carrot-chewing private eye whose impassive face was deceptive, but his mind razor sharp. Okay, he had no kick ass scenes, but here was the first thriller series with a comic touch that made Kapoor immensely popular, especially with his famous oneliner, Shut up Kitty! It's another matter that when the show was revived with a fresh starcast and an older Kapoor, it had no takers.. Magic can't be recreated.Mihir Virani ( played by Amarr Upadhyay) of Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi : Yes, Mihir was truly the first hero who sent the nation (the televiewing part of it) in a tizzy when he 'died'. Amar Upadhyay became TV's biggest star there after, and after zillions of frantic fanmails later when he returned from the dead, the audiences sent prayers to the divine and Ekta Kapoor. The ideal son, doting husband and charming lover, Mihir was a fave for a year, until his character was played by two other stars. But neither could take it to the highs that Amarr had done.Sujal Grewal (played by Rajeev Khandelwal) of Kahin To Hoga : Tall, dark handsome and rich. Sujal Grewal was the first Mills &amp; Boonish hero who stole hearts with a hint of a smile. Rajeev Khandelwal became the first telly heartthrob of thousands of nubile hearts. Even though it was aired at a late night band (11 pm), Sujal became a household favourite almost instantly. Or rather Rajeev made him one, because once he quit the show, the replacement actor got reduced to being just a screen name!Ranveer Sisdodia (played by Karan Wahi) of Remix : High school boys don't usually have an entire show dedicated to them. But Ranveer Sisodia was the first teenage heartthrob to find space on prime time TV for himself and built a fanbase that was enviable. Mint fresh good looks and a cute smile gave Remix great viewership, even on a niche channel like Star One.Gattu (played by Deven Bhojani) of Baa Bahu Aur Baby : Well, he wasn't really heartthrob material, but Deven Bhojani as the affable, chubby, childlike Gattu made a firm place for himself in people's hearts. He made people smile through their tears and for a little while even a comedy series had audiences! Pity the second season of the show couldn't whip up enough TRPs despite Gattu's charm.Armaan Mallik (played by Karan Singh Grover) of Dill Mill Gayye : The dimpled dil ka doctor was an instant hit when he flaunted his basketball playing skills in a medical show. Karan's countless shower scenes, a knowing twinkle in his eyes, fab abs, the ability to hold his co-stars in his arms, and a smile to die for made him a huge teenage icon in 2007 and kept the show on top on the channel it aired on. Even one and half year after the show's off air, there are demands for a second season with Karan Singh Grover in lead of course!Prem Joneja (played by Harshad Chopra) of Kis Desh Mein Hai Mera Dil : Harshad Chopra as the tycoon with a heart was just what made Prem Joneja, the perfect husband, son and brother material on screen.Maan Singh Khurana (played by Gurmeet Chaudhry) of Geet Hui Sabse Parayi : After playing Lord Ram, Gurmeet hit the jackpot when he signed in as Maan Singh Khurana, the unsmiling biz tycoon who finds love in the arms of a bubbly teenager. The fiery on screen rapport that Gurmeet shared with his co-star Dhrasti Dhami made him telly's favourite hottie and his kick-boxing scenes and the ability to catch the falling heroine in his arms made him very popular.Arnav Singh Raizada (played by Barun Sobti) of Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? : He's prime time TV's first anti-hero who's got everything that makes him the ultimate hero. The perpetually angry, Bluetooth bearing Harvard returned tycoon who doesn't have a heart is completely smitten with a spunky beauty from Lucknow. Barun might not have been first choice for the role, but he has taken the role and the show to new TRP highs and has ensured that he's inching closer to the TV numero uno tag. As for Arnav, he's the kind of guy, whose totally droorl worthy even when he's sporting a dirty ganji and lies helpless in the baddies' den!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14380567", "title": "For troops, low oxygen, high humidity &amp; a bitter end", "text": "GURGAON: For the 100 or so Army jawans involved in the grueling 80-hour stretch of non-stop rescue operations to save Mahi , it seemed like a struggle without an end.Challenges kept on mounting ever since the early-morning arrival of the Army's Third Engineers Regiment on Thursday, hours after the incident took place.The girl had fallen inside a 68-feet open borewell pit. And the strategy was to dig a parallel pit and then connecting it to the main ditch. \"First the location of the child was determined using CCTV cameras,\" said a member of the rescue team. The fact that the cameras did not show any signs of life down in the pit was not inspirational either.Because the pits were so narrow, only one jawan could do the tunneling work underground at a time. Equipped with oxygen masks and safety headgear, one jawan at a time would be lowered into the rescue ditch through a pulley. \"There was so little space down there, the rescuers had to do the digging work, using simple tools, suspended in the air all the time,\" he added.Conditions underground were terrible and unpredictable low oxygen, high humidity, and extreme pressure conditions made it tough for the rescue work to continue for more than five minutes at a time. \"One person would go down, do the digging, and come back within five minutes,\" said a rescue team member.After a few hours on Friday, the personnel were able to do 15 minutes of underground digging work at a stretch. \"The horizontal tunnel was difficult to dig, because there were so many rocks embedded in the path, and cutting through these was an ordeal,\" added the member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14382080", "title": "Sangha mulls rail roko over Yeshwantpur - Kannur train issue", "text": "MANGALORE: The Railway Yatri Sangha, Udupi, has decided to stage a rail roko agitation on August 16 if the Indian Railway Board fails to implement a decision taken by it to bifurcate 17 coaches of the Yeshwantpur-Mangalore night train and send 10 of these coaches to Karwar in Uttara Kannada and the rest to Kannur, on or before August 15.RL Dias, the president of the Sangha, said that the train no. 16517 Yeshwantpur-Mangalore -Yeshwantpur night train was extended to Kannur in Kerala against the wish of people in coastal Karnataka. Following this, the Sangha filed an RTI application seeking details of income and expenditure of the train from Mangalore to Kannur and back, a distance of 132 km. Dias said that the reply was aghasting as the train was running at a loss of Rs 2 lakh per day.On the basis of the RTI reply, the Sangha filed a writ petition before the Karnataka high Ccourt, which ruled in favour of it.The court had given three months time to the South Western Railway (SWR) to implement its decision. During this period, SWR sent a proposal to Indian Railway Board to bifurcate the train's coaches on its arrival in Mangalore Central.Even two years after the proposal was sent to it, the board is yet to take a decision on it. Dias said the Sangha was left with no other go but to resort to rail roko on August 16 if the decision was not implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14380602", "title": "Mewat man who moved mountains", "text": "GURGAON: The unsung hero of the unhappy operation at Kasan on Sunday was not from the Army which was in charge of the show, but Soraab Khan, 27, \u2014 a hardy, bearded man from parched Mewat, another village perpetually short of water.As the soldiers found it hard to drill the horizontal tunnel connecting the main pit where Mahi's body lay, on account of the heat, lack of maneuvering space and low presence of oxygen, the former village sarpanch and block samiti chairman Omprakash Yadav, suggested Soraab's name.Khan is a construction labourer, and an expert in digging wells. When he was contacted, Khan willingly came on Saturday and helped the Army construct the horizontal tunnel. \"He guided the Army and helped them drill the tunnel to some distance. He spent close to two hours inside the tunnel, and then retired, because the soldiers thought they could manage the task,\" said Yadav.\"They asked me and I came. I have been digging wells for close to 10 years. Later the Army told me they will do the job and I could go,\" Khan told TOI.It so happened they couldn't. As a result, after much debate and hand wringing, he was called back on Sunday. Khan promptly arrived and crawled through the tunnel and reached the body around 1.35pm. He brought the body up and a little later vanished without a word.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379188", "title": "Three youths detained in shootout case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police have detained three youths in connection with Saturday's attack on a student in Bhubaneswar. Plus III student P K Harshvardhan was shot at and injured by unidentified miscreants near Keshari theatre in Kharavel Nagar.Harshvardhan is currently undergoing treatment at a private hospital. Though the exact cause of the attack on him was not known, police suspected that it was sequel of old enmity.\"We are inquiring into the matter,\" said Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Sigh. He did not disclose findings of the investigation.Sources said Harshvardhan had borrowed huge money from his friends. He invited their wrath after failing to repay the money. Hours before the attack, he was engaged in a brawl with the attackers, sources said. The miscreants, who also stabbed him, fled with his bike.\"He did not borrow money from anyone. He is a good student and has no rivalry with anyone,\" said Harshvardhan's father P Venkatraman, a bank employee in the city.On the other hand, police are still groping in the dark to arrest the attackers, who shot at and injured an auto-rickshaw driver in Cuttack on Saturday night. Goons opened fire at the driver, Sridhar Sahoo, near Link Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14381448", "title": "Infrequent night bus service leaves many on streets", "text": "KOCHI: If it is 9pm and you are planning to wait for the city's circular bus services to get back home, chances are high that you might end up waiting at the bus bay for hours. Often, you will be left with no choice but to catch an autorickshaw or inform a friend or family member to pick you up. With very few local services operating in the city, residents who work late, find it difficult to reach their homes.Though Kochi has been touted as a growing city and the state government has been considering setting up large scale development projects, not much thought has been given to improve the city's public transport system. It is pointed out that if the authorities improve transportation facilities it could give a boost to safe travel at night.\"KSRTC can consider operating circular services at night hours. This will result in increased night shopping which results in increased economic activities. The public need transport facilities at night and the government is bound to ensure hassle free movement of people,\" said P Rangadasa Prabhu, president of Ernakulum district resident's association apex council.\"With the increasing fuel prices, many people are willing to consider public transport as an alternative. This will help to bring down pollution as well as consumption of fossil fuels,\" he said.People are also forced to leave early from the malls due to the non-availability of buses. According to Angel Antony, a city-based music teacher, she is often forced to give up the idea of shopping with her family at late hours. \"To indulge in these activities one needs to own a vehicle,\" she said.In the present scenario, it is difficult to get buses in the city after 8.30pm. Office-goers, especially women who work late, often have a tough time reaching home. \"It is difficult to reach Thoppumpady from Padma Junction at night as the number of buses operating in this route is very low. Most days I have to call my husband to pick me up from my workplace,\" said Sheryl John, an employee who works with a private organization.For single women who live away from their home towns the situation seems to be even more difficult. \"There is no guarantee that you will reach home safe, that too without being subjected to ogling and eve-teasing. It is not possible for a colleague or family member to accompany you or help you get back home daily. The city authorities and police have the responsibility to ensure that the city remains safe for working women, who have to make late night trips,\" said Sunitha Madhavadass, an IT employee.Kochi: Well! If it is 9.00 pm and you plan to wait for circular bus services to get back home, then chances are high you might end up waiting at the bus bay for hours. Often, you will be left with no option but to catch an auto rickshaw or inform a friend or family member to pick you up. With very few local services operating in the city, residents who work late find it difficult to reach their homes.Though Kochi has been touted as a growing city and the State government has been considering setting up of largescale development projects, not much thought has been given to improve the city's public transportation system. It is pointed out that if the authorities improve transportation facilities it could give a boost to safe travel at night.\"KSRTC can consider operating circular services at night hours. This will result in increased night shopping which results in increased economic activities. Residents need transport at night and the state government is bound to ensure hassle free movement of people,\" suggested P. Rangadasa Prabhu, President of Ernakulum District Residents Association Apex Council. With the ever increasing fuel prices, many people are willing to look at public transportation as an alternate option. \"This will help to bring down pollution as well as consumption of fossil fuels,\" he added.In spite of setting up huge shopping malls on either side of the National Highway 47 between Vytilla and Edapally, people are forced to leave these places early due to non-availability of buses. According to Angel Antony, a city-based music teacher she is often forced to give up the idea of shopping with her family at late hours. \"To indulge in these activities one needs to own a vehicle,\" she said.In the present scenario, it is difficult to get buses in the city after 8.30 pm. Office-goers, especially women who work late often have a tough time reaching home. \"It is difficult to reach Thoppumpady from Padma junction at night as the number of buses operating in this route is very low. Most days I have to call my husband to pick me up from the place I work,\" said Sheryl John, an employee who works with a private organisation.For those women who are single, and live away from their home towns the situation appears even bleaker. \"There is no guarantee that you will reach home safe, that too without being subjected to ogling and eve-teasing. It is always not possible for a colleague or family member to accompany you or help you get back home every day. The city authorities as well as the police have the responsibility to ensure that the city remains safe for working women have to make late night trips,\" said Sunitha Madhavadass, an IT employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14384827", "title": "SC issues notice to IMA on strike call", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued notice to Indian Medical Association on a PIL questioning the body's call for strike on June 25.The court says, we expect doctors to desist from strike.The court has asked IMA to respond to the PIL in 4 weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14386844", "title": "Amabji gets adventure sports", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Temple town of Ambaji which is set to be developed as a holiday resort recently got four adventure sport rides.The new adventure sports park were opened in North Gujarat's pilgrim town Ambaji. The rides will be taken up on public private partnership basis.The Tourism corporation of India in collaboration with the temple management committee has plans to operate 30 adventure sports rides in the area. Of these 30 rides, the administration opened four adventure rides including all terrain bike ride, zorbing and river crossing.Gujarat Pavitra Yatradham Vikas Board Chairman Shri Mahendra Trivedi inaugurated the park and said that it has been set up in public-private partnership at a cost of Rs 15 crore. An ambitious plan worth Rs 23 crore had been taken up the administration to develop Ambaji town. TCGL has planned to organize a 108.3 km parikrama (walk around the hills) and build 51 replicas of the 'Shaktipeeths' (shrines of goddess spread across India, China and Pakistan).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380386", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Kakinada under scanner for errors in test papers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU), Kakinada, has come under the scanner of higher education department for conducting examinations rather erratically in the past few months. In a recent incident, students and parents of colleges affiliated to the university pointed out that JNTU-K had reprinted an old question paper for student of third year pharmacy and engineering. The pharmacology-II question paper of April-2012 was found to be a carbon copy of pharmacology-II supplementary exam question paper of November-December, 2011.The state government ordered an enquiry into the incident on June 23, what with parents and students lodging a complaint with the higher education department. Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE) will now conduct an enquiry into the allegation. The council has also asked the university to give an explanation for the massive lapse on their part.The exam goof-up of the university does not stop with repeating a question paper. In some question papers (copies of which are with TOI) of subjects like civil engineering, electronics and communication engineering and computer science engineering and information technology, several questions were printed more than once. For instance, in the B Tech III year civil engineering supplementary exam, the question on liquidated and unliquidated damages were repeated as sub option two and four. Similarly in question paper of clinical pharmacy and therapeutics exam in April-2012, the question of congestive heart failure was repeated as questions three and four. Parents and students alleged that the mistake was orchestrated to benefit the students of some affiliated colleges of the university.\"Before every examination it is a common practice among students to go through previous years' question papers. Any student, bright or poor will go through these question papers and hence, the regular and supplementary exams conducted by the university would have proved to be rather easy for all. The university's examination branch has failed to stop foul play,\" said a concerned parent. Interestingly, the mistakes started surfacing after a new examination committee was constituted in the university in November 2011, parents alleged. \"Now the university will have to conduct exams afresh. But for students, who were supposed to finish their course this summer, this will prove to be inconvenient as they would have already joined in some jobs by now,\" said a worried parent. Job offers in most companies hold good only if the student gets his degree.When contacted, the university authorities said they would respond only after vice-chancellor Tulsi Ram Das returns from his foreign visit. Officials of the higher education department said that the university has, however, decided to look into the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379383", "title": "Public consultation on Kas valley in July", "text": "PUNE: The city will host an open discussion on the fencing work taken up by the forest department in the ecologically-sensitive Kas plateau in Satara, which is also called the 'valley of flowers'.The forest department's initiative, apparently taken up to restrict flow of tourists, has evoked sharp response from locals and experts. Aparna Watve, a researcher who has extensively studied the rock outcrops in Maharashtra, told TOI that locals or experts were not consulted nor any scientific inputs were taken into consideration. \"Fencing does not go with the aesthetics of this natural place. Instead of looking at conservation management in Kas as a whole, only restrictions were put in place for tourists. There are other issues like littering, burning of waste or estimating the carrying capacity of the habitat, which fencing alone will not solve. Tourism has had an impact on insect, bird, amphibians and reptile diversity here,'' Watve said.The public consultation will be held at Indradhanushya Environment and Citizenship Centre, Rajendranagar on July 7, to understand views of citizens and see how they can be integrated in a scientifically prepared management plan. On the agenda are issues like conservation of Kas, problems and likely solutions, fencing work and its suitability, need and alternatives to rich biodiversity area, etc. One can also write or submit his views before June 27. The consultation is likely to set ethical guidelines for people visiting sensitive areas like Kas and other such places.Amateur botanist Shrikant Ingalhalikar too was of the view that fencing will destroy the natural beauty of the plateau, prevent grazing and natural fires. \"I have been visiting Kas since 1975. A majority of the crowd gathers for only 5 to 10 days in a year. Thus, fencing the whole area is an unnecessary excercise,'' he said.According to Ingalhalikar, Kas is a porous lateritic plateau with little soil cover. \"Most plants have underground tubers, bulbs, rhizomes or root clumps. After the flowering season these underground parts remain secure from grazing cattle. In fact, grazing on plateau keeps invasive plants in control. It is possible that in the absence of grazing, the flowering plants may have to compete with invasive plants,\" he said.The July 7 public consultation has been organized by the wildlife warden of Pune along with several organizations, researchers and ecologists. Anuj Khare, the honorary wildlife warden of Pune, said that government officials are expected to listen to citizens' views.Satara's honorary wildlife warden too has been invited. The views of public will be summarized and presented on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14379832", "title": "New maharaja keen to present a secular image", "text": "VADODARA: When the new 'ruler' of Baroda dynasty, Samarjitsinh Gaekwad went to the Jain temple in Kothipur after his coronation on Friday, he had a stated agenda in mind - to fulfill the promise of a visit that his late father Ranjitsinh Gaekwad had made to the temple authorities when they invited him for a visit.But, if his associates are to be believed, Gaekwad also had an unspoken agenda during the visit - to present his secular credentials to the people of the erstwhile Baroda Estate.This agenda is going to be reinforced next month when the royal family will arrange a 'Sarv dharma prarthna sabha' (multi-faith prayer session) on July 22 which would be attended by religious preachers of all main religions of India. This is the first time in independent India that the Gaekwad dynasty would be arranging such an event.\"In fact, the event was to be organized before the coronation ceremony, but due to some reasons, we decided to postpone it and hold it after completion of exactly one month of Maharaja taking over the 'gaadi',\" says Dhruv Dutt Vyas, the Raj Purohit of the royal family. The invites have already been sent to the religious heads of various faiths in Vadodara.\"On March 14, the late Maharaja had promised to visit the Jain temple, but could not do so due to his failing health. Samarjitsinhji fulfilled his father's promise, by visiting the temple with his wife, Radhikaji, immediately after the coronation. But, otherwise, too, the new ruler is made in his great-great-grandfather's mould and is very secular in nature,\" says the family priest, invoking the name of the most illustrious Gaekwad king Sayajirao Gaekwad, and apparently mindful of the turbulent environment that the city has witnessed several times in the past over communal clashes.The Raj Purohit recalls his elders' descriptions of how the 'Sarkarwada' (the first palace of Gaekwads) used to have a 'tazia' along with Ganpati during Sayajirao's times. \"The great singer, Ustaad Faiyaz Khan, used to sing the Mangla aarti for Sayajirao Maharaj,\" says the priest impressing on the secular leanings of the ruling family.\"Sayajirao Sarkar was a great reformer, and following his line of thinking, the palace invited all the womenfolk of the family to witness the coronation ceremony for the first time on Friday. During his father Ranjitsinh's coronation, only a few women had a chance to witness the event,\" he added.Family sources, however, scotch any rumours of the new king nursing a political ambition, even though, his father remained in politics for a long time. \"Traditionally, the royals have played the role of kingmakers, they are not interested in getting into political camps anymore,\" reveal sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14378777", "title": "Centre sanctions 60 more buses, Nagpur Municipal Corporation refuses", "text": "NAGPUR: In 2009, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had applied for 800 buses for the city, citing the population of over 24 lakh. Today, the central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) unit, which functions under the Union ministry of urban development (UD), is giving NMC another 60 buses, but NMC is not ready to take them, since it is finding it difficult to maintain the existing buses.The JNNURM's central sanctioning and monitoring committee (CSMC) took a review of buses sanctioned for the city on May 30 at New Delhi. According to the minutes of the meeting approved on June 8, the Centre had sanctioned 300 buses for the city, including 240 standard and 60 minibuses on February 21, 2009. In the meeting on January 3, 2012, the CSMC sanctioned 60 standard buses instead of 60 minibuses. But, sources told TOI, NMC had expressed its inability to procure and run 60 more buses.Actually, the NMC had procured just 240 standard-size buses and expressed inability to buy the 60 minibuses. Later, NMC planned to procure two air-conditioned buses to run between the airport and the city or in the proposed 'Nagpur Darshan' tours. However, NMC none of these plans materialized. Now, NMC does not want the 60 more standard buses despite 70% funding coming from the centre and state government.NMC's decision is a big blow for the city as the number of buses is falling short in catering to the requirements of the city. Besides 240 buses sanctioned by the government, Starbus operator Vansh Nimay Infra Projects Pvt Ltd had purchased 230 buses since 2007. Around 110-120 buses of total 470 are non-functional today, leaving 350-360 buses on the roads.Buses are often overcrowded. Besides, buses are run on very few routes and yet to start services in many parts of the city. The worst part of Starbuses is that the existing buses are very badly maintained.A senior official from Vansh Nimay told TOI that running more buses is not at all possible. \"Bus stand, depot and workshop is must to operate city bus service. None of these is available in the city. The maintenance of existing buses is not possible due to lack of infrastructure,\" he said.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane was not available to comment despite repeated attempts.In fact, JNNURM unit is upset with NMC's performance. According to the minutes of the meeting, secretary (UD) Dr Sudhir Krishna was concerned with the way the bus funding project is being implemented in the city. \"Krishna also cited complaints being received every now and then by the ministry. Krishna suggested the state government should review the issues sincerely and minutely, and take necessary action to sort out these issues.\"It is further mentioned that NMC is yet to initiate steps to provide proper service to citizens. \"No details of coordination between Starbuse and Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), a special purpose vehicle formed by NMC to operate service have been provided to JNNURM. Payment to the bus manufacturers should be done without waiting for the instalments from the ministry. The state government was asked to submit a reply within 30 days from December 22, 2011, after an enquiry. The reply is yet to be submitted. Enquiry was done following allegations made by MP Vilas Muttemwar ,\" the minutes say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14379098", "title": "Power generation resumes at one unit of Ib station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Generation of power resumed in one unit of the Ib thermal power station at Banaharpalli, Jharsuguda, on Sunday, bring relief to power manadarins in the state. However, another unit was yet to go on steam due to technical problems, official sources said.Both units (210 mega watt each) of the Odisha Power Generation Corporation-owned Ib thermal power station had suffered outage on late Saturday evening, temporarily bringing power generation to a halt. While Unit I got affected after the conveyor belt of the coal handling plant snapped around 9.45 pm, Unit II faced difficulties because of a motor going kaput shortly after midnight.Sources said Unit II was repaired and started generating electricity on Sunday afternoon whole repair work on Unit I was currently on. \"Unit I should also go on steam shortly,\" a source said.OPGC sources blamed poor quality of coal for the frequent problems being encountered at the power plant.Energy minister Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak admitted that the power plant was facing problems at frequent intervals and said a technical committee has been asked to inquire into the matter and suggest remedial measures. \"We will examine the committee's recommendations and try to resolve the problems,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14378676", "title": "It was Srinivasan's idea to honour former cricketers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian cricket board president N Srinivasan was the mind behind distributing more than Rs 70 crore to former Test and first-class cricketers who retired prior to 2004. This was revealed to TOI by a top BCCI official.The board couldn't have organized so many benefit matches for these former cricketers. So, Srinivasan decided to disburse the money from board's coffers accrued from IPL and Champions League T20 tournaments. He also consulted the other bigwigs in the BCCI before going ahead with the plan.A source said that when the former cricketers had gathered in one of the play-off matches of the IPL in Bangalore, senior functionaries of the board mentioned Srinivasan's name and explained how he was the man behind the gesture!It was touching for those who played only played Ranji Trophy matches and never made it to the Test level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380266", "title": "1 of 16 injured in critical condition", "text": "MUMBAI: Mantralaya employee Hemant Khaire (45) on Sunday continued to remain in critical condition at JJ Hospital. Khaire's lungs and trachea suffered massive damage due to inhalation of smoke during Thursday's blaze. Doctors say it could take 2-3 days for Khaire to start breathing without artificial support.Ratnagiri resident Ali Ibrahim (82) and Mantralaya staffer K N Jehangir, who suffered 10% burn injuries, are recovering well. Of the 16 people injured in the fire, seven are undergoing treatment at JJ, GT and St George hospitals. Medical superintendent of GT Hospital Dr Jitendra Sankpal said four policemen who inhaled smoke while evacuating people are still in the ICU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14383731", "title": "Japanese training ships in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Japanese training ships Kashima, Shimayuki and Matsuyuki are on a six-day visit to Mumbai. The ships are on an overseas training cruise and will be visiting 14 countries in the Indian Ocean Region. The ships arrived in Mumbai on June 21 and will leave on June 26.Captain Manohar Nambiar (Chief PRO-Indian Defence) said that commander of Japan training squadron Rear Admiral Hidetoshi Fuchinoue, is the senior officer present afloat. \"The ships are on overseas training cruise among other visiting countries,\" said Nambiar.He said, \"Both Navies share converging views on the maritime areas of anti-piracy, humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, information sharing, amphibious warfare training and submarine rescue operations. Japan has also been an important trade partner and a supportive friend of India in the world forums.\"Officials said on the sidelines of the visit, Rear Admiral Fuchinoue along with Akitaka Saiki, ambassador of Japan at New Delhi interacted with the commander-in-chief, Western Indian Naval Command.In addition, various cultural, social, sports activities were organised for the visiting Japanese ships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14380300", "title": "Rush for \u2018unpopular\u2019 Shatabdi grows", "text": "LUDHIANA: Desperate to get out of the city for their summer holiday, residents might be struggling for a ticket to Delhi but railway authorities are not complaining at all. The rush has suddenly made the Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi (12037/12038) popular. Reservation for the train, which has been running much less than capacity ever since its launch on November 4, 2011, has shot up in the past 15 days and the status is now showing waiting list. Authorities say the train's popularity is because there are no tickets available in the Amritsar-Delhi Shatabdi or the Swaran Shatabdi, which commuters prefer. The Amritsar-Delhi Shatabdi and Swaran Shatabdi have waiting lists till around 450.Officials in the reservation department said there are a total of 550 seats on the train but only 100-150 seats are booked on an average. However, since the first week of June it has been running to full capacity with commuters even booking tickets in advance for next week. \"When the train was launched we were quite hopeful that it would do well in the city but somehow it failed. Because of peak season there is a rush of people taking the train and there is a waiting list too but, after July 15 we expect things to go back to how they were before,\" said one reservation officers.The train has not been popular with Ludhianvis because of its route through Sangrur and Rohtak instead of the main railway line between Amritsar and Delhi. Also, it runs only four days a week \u2014 Monday, Tuesday, Friday and Saturday.Commuters rued they are being forced to take this Shatabdi because there are no seats in the other trains. \"Markets are closed for about four days next week and we had planned to visit Goa. Our flight is booked from Delhi but it is getting difficult to go there because Delhi-bound trains are running packed. Somehow I managed to get seats in the not-so-popular Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi. It wasn't my first choice but I am happy I have a ticket,\" said Jaswinder Singh, a businessman living in Civil Lines.Kitchlu Nagar resident Kavya Sharma, a student, said, \"I and my friends are going to Delhi for a wedding and we could get seats only in Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi due to extreme rush in the vacations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14381576", "title": "Jobless dad puts self on sale for \u00a320,000", "text": "LONDON: A father-of-three in the UK has put himself up for sale on an online auction website for \u00a320,000, as a desperate measure after knowing that he will be unemployed within a month. Andy Martin was given 30 days' notice that he was being made redundant , which led him to take the drastic action.As well as starting a daily blog outlining his efforts in finding a new job, the 45-yearold came up with the idea to auction himself off.Martin, currently a traffic planner for a waste management company, said, \"I have been unemployed in the past. I knew I could either stay bitter and angry, which I was, about losing my job, or I could do something about it. It is a whole new world so I have had to quickly get up to speed.\" \"I have joined networks , I am using social networking , I even bought hits for my blog to point people to my CV. After all of that, I thought, 'why not, I'll put myself up for sale!\" he added.With a 'buy now' price of \u00a320,000 the internet site was quick to inform him that he was breaching the rules by trying to sell himself. He was, allowed to post in the 'goods wanted' section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14379837", "title": "Doctors yet to comply with Madhya Pradesh nursing homes act", "text": "BHOPAL: Doctors in the city who are opposing the Centre's move to introduce clinical establishment (registration and regulation) act, 2010 (CEA) are yet to wholly comply with the provisions of the state's regulatory act - the Madhya Pradesh nursing homes act.The doctors are opposition the CEA stating that Madhya Pradesh already has its own regulatory act and the new act should not be implemented here.However, it is learnt that 70% of clinics in the city are functioning without requisite registration under the Madhya Pradesh nursing homes (registration and licensing) and clinical establishment act according to district malaria officer and nursing home cell in charge Dr Padmakar Tripathi.\"Nursing homes, clinical establishments or single doctor clinics cannot run without a licence,\" said Dr Tripathi. However, the nursing home cells have not taken action against the erring clinics or doctors. \"We are hard pressed for staff to detect and penalise the offenders. We cannot carry out drives without the support from other departments,\" he added.In his reaction, MP nursing home association, Bhopal branch president Dr Vinod Jain said, \"It is the moral and legal responsibility of all to abide by the law. We will not oppose if the government acts against the offenders.\"Of the estimated 1500 single and poly clinics - 128 are notified as nursing home while about 400-700 clinics, most of which are functioning unregistered. There has never been a comprehensive survey to ascertain the exact number of clinics in the city, said Dr Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380783", "title": "1-year-old drowns in bucket while playing in bathroom", "text": "CHENNAI: A one-year-old boy died after he fell into a bucket at his house in Vepery on Saturday.Police said the boy, K Yash Surana, was playing in the bathroom when he slipped into a bucket filled with water.At around 12 pm on Saturday, his mother was busy in the kitchen and his grandmother and few of his relatives were in the bedroom when the incident took place. After ten minutes they found Yash missing and came looking for the baby when the boy's mother found him lying inside the bucket.Police suspect the child to have crawled from the bedroom to the bathroom where he slipped and fell into the bucket full of water while trying to hold on to the brink of the bucket for support.They took him out and informed his father Kuldeep Surana, a businessman, who was away. Yash was taken to a hospital on Greams Road where he was declared brought dead.The body has been sent to the Government General Hospital for postmortem. Vepery police have registered a case and are investigating.Kuldeep has been living in the apartment complex for the past two years with his wife children, brother and mother. Yash is the third child of the couple, police sources said.In a similar incident on January 13, a seven-month-old girl named Padma Sri had drowned when she slipped and fell into a bucket of water in Pammal. Padma, daughter of Arun Kumar, an employee in a private firm, and Anjali, lived in a rented house in Ponni Nagar. After hearing a loud noise, Anjali rushed to the spot and found her daughter inside the bucket.Padma Sri was rushed to Tambaram Taluk government hospital in Chromepet where she was pronounced dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14379224", "title": "Hospital on wheels for labourers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a unique initiative, the state government is fabricating a hospital on wheels for laborers who work at construction sites. The special bus will have the latest equipment to treat labourers for trauma and common diseases and even house a makeshift ward to deal with mass emergencies.Initially, the medical vehicle will employ a doctor and two paramedics.\"The bus will be different from the 108 emergency vans,\" says a senior official of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ). \"It will be a hospital under one roof. It will be capable of launching immunization drives, performing routine check-ups for vector- and air-borne diseases, and offering on-the-spot pathological analyses. It will be fitted with life-saving devices.\"The official added that though the initial cost of the bus will be around Rs 35 lakh, it will escalate with the addition of more equipment. \"We will be the first municipal corporation to get this bus in Gujarat,\" the official said. The success of the hospital will determine its adoption by other municipal corporations.\"Small accidents at construction sites are a reality and often treatment becomes costly,\" says builder Nilesh Parmar from Naroda. \"The bus, in a way, can be a huge help for labourers. Developers' associations can be approached for contribution to this effort.\"The state government also plans to have a portable X-ray unit, a computerized lab, and an ECG machine on board. \"There are hospitals on wheels in the country with X-ray machines which can produce X-ray films in three minutes,\" the official said. For the equipment to work, an onboard generator set will be available.\"We will charge a token fee from labourers,\" the official said. \"There could also be an emergency number on which developers can call the mobile van.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14386774", "title": "I love GOW's depiction of sexuality: Tannishtha", "text": "The actor is attending the London Indian Film Festival for the premiere of 'Dekh Circus Dekh'Tannishtha Chatterjee is attending the London Indian Film Festival where her film, \" Dekh Circus Dekh \", is having its London premiere. The same festival also had a screening of Anurag Kashyap's recently-released \"Gangs of Wasseypur\".Ask her about Anurag's film and the way it depicts sexuality and Tannishtha says, \"The festival opened with \"GOW\" and it was an enthralling experience. The English audience loved the movie. I watched \"GOW\" and loved it too. Unlike most other Bollywood movies, the women in this film are strong characters. The character of Richa Chadda needs to be highlighted especially in this context. Ilove the way sexuality and violence is treated in \"GOW\".\"\" In most of mainstream Indian cinema, Tannishtha says, women usually come in for 20 minutes in a film to do two item numbers and a romantic song. \"\"They don't play any role as such. The hero is the lead character and the woman is just the love interest who come in for the male gaze and entertainment. Most of these movies have women in bikinis and focus the camera on their boobs. Anurag's film treats sexuality very differently.\"Meanwhile, her \"DKD\", which won the audiences choice award in Busan this year, will be releasing in India in August. How is it that a film, that's so rooted in Indian culture, connects with the global audience? To this, she says, \"This is a very universal film. So, it's only obvious that the world audience will relate to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14384805", "title": "Kamal denies rumors about Viswaroopam 2", "text": "It's been widely speculated that Kamal Hassan's magnum opus, \"Viswaroopam\", has become very lengthy, and to chop it, the actor has used majority of the scenes for Viswaroopam-2. However, Kamal said that it is untrue and there's nothing like that. The actor has openly said that there will be a sequel to \"Viswaroopam\" but it is only in the imagination of the director-actor. All that's being rumored about the scenes in Viswaroopam are false\", said Kamal.Viswaroopam, which is set to release in July, has a unique plotline according the Kamal Hassan . \"I ventured to make this film only after I was convinced that the subject line is unique and people will like it. And definitely we have not seen such a story on the Indian screen in the past. Viswaroopam touches upon some issues of contemporary national and international politics,\" says the actor.Kamal adjoins that Viswaroopam is the costliest film in his career and he plays Vishwanath a Kathak dancer, and Wiz, an FBI agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381289", "title": "Cops plan pamphlets on security tips", "text": "NASHIK: The police will distribute pamphlets to spread awareness among citizens and the business community with regard to security.The pamphlets that will be distributed through all 11 police stations list a number of security tips like safety measures for women when they venture out of their homes for shopping or for a walk. Women have been urged to ensure that no one is following them either on foot in an auto or on a motorcycle. They have been told to secure jewellery they are wearing too.In the event of an attempt of chain-snatching, the woman should raise an alarm and take down the number of the vehicle and inform the police as soon as possible.Citizens in general have been reminded to take down basic information of their domestic help with regard to their name, photo identity and information about their relatives. The information should be furnished to the nearest police station so that verification of such domestic helps is done by the special branch of the police commissionerate.Residents have been urged to maintain cordial relationships with neighbours so that they can help in an emergency and can also keep watch on your home when you are out.Residents should take down the names of their tenants, their photos, details about their native place, phone number and profession. Information on those supplying newspapers and milk should also be taken down. Numbers of technicians and mechanics, like those coming for repairing the television, electricians, plumbers, painters, carpenters, computer mechanics and key-makers, should also be with you.Further, housing society should deploy security and take down all information on them. Character verification of such security personnel should be secured from the police. Watchmen should not be given any work besides guarding the building or society, the police said.Residents have also been urged to keep a watch on those visiting tenants. If there is any doubt, the police should be immediately contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14379917", "title": "Laila may be in Dubai, says friend", "text": "MUMBAI: Laila Khan is alleged to be in Dubai with her Sonu Wufi Khan who is the son of Kamal Yadwani, a close associate of gangster Dawood Ibrahim . Parvez Tak who was recently arrested by the Kashmir police during interrogation said that fake passports of Laila and her family were provided by Yadwani family to help her fly out of the country. Police is investigating her disappearance and her alleged connection with terrorists.DIG Garib Dass said, Tak has told us that the actress is likely tobe in Dubai or some South African country. We are now cross examining his statement. But more than us it is the Mumbai ATS that will be able to throw better light on the case.'' No ATS official could be contacted for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379645", "title": "Nursing homes across UP to remain shut today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nursing homes across the state will shut their services except for emergency care in protest against several Acts and Bills related to health and medical care services on Monday. They would be joining doctors across the country against the proposed National Commission for Human Resources for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011. The bill aims at standardising patient safety norms for medical establishments.Medicos have come together under the banner of Indian Medical Association (IMA) to raise their voice against the bill, which they feel is an attempt by the government to dilute the powers of the Medical Council of India, Dental Council and the Nursing Council of India. \"It is in fact going to take away the identity of these unique medical institutions,\" said Dr PK Gupta of IMA's Lucknow chapter.Doctors also feel that the bill could deprive the common man of his right to seek health at an affordable cost. \"Most of the nursing homes, which exist under single medical and small establishments, will lose their identity. Such a system is fine in developed countries like Britain and America. But, this is going to be disaster in a nation like India, which faces shortage of six lakh doctors,\" said a doctor.The doctors are upset that the proposed NCHRH will be a nominated body, which can never have the legitimacy or wisdom of the present institutions. Gupta also pointed out that provisions of this bill preventing anybody from challenging the decision of the National Council in any court of law.In a press statement, IMA's national secretary general Dr DR Rai said that the bill infringes on the right of a citizen by proposing to book any medico engaged in any other business or activity as \"misconduct\". \"Equipping clinics as per the Clinical Establishments Act-2010 may require upgrading their infrastructure to the level of tertiary care institutions and this will tantamount to pushing healthcare costs,\" he said. Doctors fear that the Act will promote license raj and 'unleash corruption at all levels'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "14385723", "title": "7 Indians missing off Oman coast", "text": "DUBAI: Seven Indians on board a fishing boat have gone missing from Masirah waters in Oman and may have been kidnapped by pirates, a media report has said.According to the report, coast guards in the country have been informed and the hunt is on to locate them despite adverse weather conditions. The missing Indians are all said to be from Tamil Nadu.\"They went for fishing as usual but have not returned yet. What I suspect is that they been hijacked by pirates,\" Saeed Rashid, owner of the fishing boat, told Times of Oman newspaper.The boat reportedly went missing from al-Ashakara coast on Thursday evening.\"They went to fishing to the inner sea. What we learnt is that they ran out of fuel and were stranded in the sea. They might have been kidnapped from there,\" Rashid said.The report also quoted International Maritime Bureau's anti-crime arm as saying that on Wednesday, an LNF tank was attacked by pirates off the coast of Oman.There are increased concerns over the pirates extending geographic range of their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14379024", "title": "K V Kamath pushes Infosys for a big buy", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys Technologies chairman K V Kamath has advised the top leadership of the company to go for a sizable global acquisition within the next few months to turn around the flagging market sentiment about the IT major.After Infosys's annual general meeting on June 9, Kamath had a serious chat with key leaders at Infosys and advised them to use the company's massive cash reserve for a buyout with a minimum ticket size of $1 billion. Infosys has a cash reserve of over $4 billion \u2014 more than twice that of TCS.\"Kamath is known for his abilities for quick decision-making and risk-taking and he is upset that Infosys has been mostly attracting flak from the media, analyst and investor communities in the past few quarters. He feels the immediate best thing for the company would be a mega buyout. But it is taking time for him to convince the conservative Infosys board,\" a senior executive in the company said. The executive did not want to be named.Infosys has underperformed its peers in the past few quarters and has forecast an 8-10% increase in sales for 2012-13, compared to Cognizant's 20%. Some analysts have said that Infosys may further lower its forecast because of delays in IT spending by its clients and adverse cross-currency movements. TCS, Wipro and HCL do not provide yearly forecasts but sound more optimistic than Infosys.Kamath is said to have shared his experiences in building ICICI from a small banking firm in 1996 to the country's second largest bank.Quick decision-making, speed of execution and risk-taking had contributed to ICICI's success story. \"He believes in a 90-day project execution cycle. He had urged Infosys leadership to cultivate some amount of risk-taking ability to accelerate growth,\" said the executive.At the AGM, even shareholders had demanded that the company use its reserves to either make big acquisitions or return a major part of it to shareholders through a special dividend. Infosys's official position so far has been that a big reserve is particularly important now when the world economy is in the middle of very uncertain times.Jagannadham Thunuguntla, strategist &amp; head of research at SMC Global Securities, says, \"People are running out of patience with Infosys. It's high time the company disclosed its cash deployment plan to investors, else the market would perceive that its vision is getting blurred. Dozens of suitably valued companies are available for sale in the US and Europe. If Infosys can't get a right buy now, then when?\"The company in July last year had announced what it called the Infosys 3.0 strategy that placed greater focus on consulting and products &amp; platforms. But not everyone is convinced there is anything new or unique in its new strategy. \"It was just a restructuring of its business, realignment of its domains and geographies and redeployment of its people. With 3.0, the company has lost is firepower. Or it has miserably failed to articulate its new strategy,\" says another analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14380540", "title": "Electronics a hot favourite among aspiring engineers", "text": "JAIPUR: With consumer electronics and mobile companies making hay even in hard economic and financial times , electronics and communication (EC) branch continues to be the most sought after among aspiring engineers.Over the years, the branch's popularity has surpassed that of computer sciences (CS), another favourite among students, in terms of number of seats in engineering colleges affiliated to the Rajasthan Technical University (RTU).According to RTU officials, EC has 12,500 seats against 11,453 seats for CS out of a total 54,032 seats in 151 engineering colleges. These include 11 government collegesElectrical and civil engineering too seem to be making a comeback. Earlier given a cold shoulder by meritorious students, the core branches have witnessed a gradual rise in popularity due to opening up of various attractive career options.Several colleges, which have come up after the recession, opted to offer these core branches to students.The number of seats for these two branches has gone up from 750 in 2007-08 to 7,500 in 2011-12. \"The demand for core branches is back with massive government and corporates investment in infrastructure. This trend is likely to continue till a major shift in economic policies,\" said Shashikant Singhi, director, Poornima Group of Colleges.This year, 71,000 students have appeared for the Rajasthan Pre-Engineering Test (RPET) vying for 54000 seats, which includes 48,000 for general category, 3000 for weaker sections and 2,880 for the second shift.Of all 17 branches offered by RTU, both EC and CS constitute for about 40% of the total seats. \"Newspaper articles on the boom in electronics sector have helped me in preparing my mind to opt for this branch. Besides, it will give me an opportunity to work with multi-national firms,\" said Mukesh Gurnani, a student who wishes to opt for EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "14381179", "title": "Dindigul market ripe for a makeover", "text": "DINDIGUL: As the day dawns in Oddanchathiram, a small municipality in Dindigul district nestled in the foothills of Palani in the Western Ghats, the vegetable market, which is considered one of the biggest in South India, starts to buzz with activity. Vegetable-laden trucks from areas as far as 50 km from the municipality start arriving at the market after 10 am, and around 11 am, the market comes to life with farmers and vendors trading their produce.Around evening, the market is crowded beyond imagination as thousands of trucks and carts with vendors and buyers throng the place to transact business. The traffic scene is chaotic as the market is situated in the heart of the town that is connected from all directions leading to Madurai and Coimbatore.The market began with roadside shops way back in 1975 with some 10 vegetable commission agents who started procuring vegetables from farmers surrounding the panchayat then. They bought the produce and sold it to vendors on wholesale with some commission. By 1985, the market got some shape as the panchayat managed to get land from private players on lease and set up the famous Gandhi Market. Today, there are 145 commission agents operating in the 4.5-acre market, which appears to have exhausted all its expandability. The market transacts 750 to 1,000 tonnes of vegetables of all types, mainly ones cultivated in and around 50 km of Oddanchathiram. The daily money transactions exceed Rs 1.5 to Rs 2 crore with 60 percent of the vegetables procured by merchants from Kerala and the rest by domestic merchants, says commission agents. Some portion of the vegetables are also traded by merchants from Karnataka when production is down in the state.\"We deal mainly with vegetables cultivated around Oddanchathiram like onions, tomatoes, drumstick, ladies finger, brinjal and chillies, besides mountain vegetables like beetroot, cauliflower and other root vegetables ferried from hill villages in Palani,\" says K Thangavel, president of the Oddanchatram Gandhi Market Commission Agents' Welfare Society. The need for storage has never arisen in the market as the stocks are cleared everyday and farmers in the region also do not supply their entire stock on a single day. \"They bring produce in portions so that they can sell it at prevailing market rates,\" says K P Vaiyapuri, one of the commission agents who has been in the business ever since the market began.In spite of being one of the biggest markets, it lacks minimum facilities like toilets or drinking water. \"There are more than 1,000 workers in the market but there are insufficient toilets,\" rues one worker as we enter the market. The narrow stretches stink with garbage and urine but the crowd is unmindful.\"Forget about toilets, we are glad if the municipality is ready to clear the garbage generated daily,\" says Thangavel. Of late, the commission agents have started deploying men and machineries to clear the garbage.Further, traffic congestion caused by the market is horrible, say road-users. \"During evenings, the traffic jams in Oddanchathiram is a given with thousands of trucks parked in a haphazard manner. It is a herculean task to navigate amidst the chaotic crowd,\" says a driver who frequents the route. \"Some years ago, we had a lot of vacant land adjacent to the market and the trucks used to be parked in that place. But all of those lands were converted into housing plots, literally locking the market in from all directions. We are proposing to move the market to the outskirts of the city, and from the association, we have bought 12 acres for the purpose,\" Thangavel said.Started in 1975, the Gandhi Market in the centre of the city caters to 2,000 farmers, around 3,000 merchants and nearly 1,000 workers who are involved in loading, weighing and unloading activities.Nearly 1,000 tonnes of vegetables are sold in a day with a turnover of Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 2 croreThe market caters 60 percent of its stock to Kerala and 40 percent for domestic use.There are 145 commission agents involved in the trade who procure the vegetables from farmers and sell it to merchants on wholesale with 10 percent commissionWhile the farmers receive direct cash payments, merchants transact on credit basis with commission agents who bridge the gap between farmers and merchantsFarmers are not comfortable dealing with merchants directly as they are not familiar with them but prefer commission agents in spite of the commission chargesNo storage facilities as the entire stock is absorbed by the market on daily basis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14378839", "title": "Pranab, Sangma hold similar views on key national issues: CPI", "text": "RANCHI: Senior CPI leader A B Bardhan has said that his party will abstain from voting in the upcoming presidential election as the UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee and his NDA counterpart PA Sangma hold similar views on issues of national importance.Bardhan, who was referring to his party's stand on the presidential polls at a press conference here on Sunday, said It was for the first time that the CPI was abstaining from the presidential polls. The veteran CPI leader, however, described both Mukherjee and Sangma as \"good persons\".Bardhan, who reviewed the success of the statewide bandh on June 16 called by the Left Front in collaboration with the Jharkhand Disom Party (JDP) and Jharkhand Bachao Andolan, said the bandh was successful. \"The success reflects the anguish of people against forceful land acquisition and displacement in the name of anti-encroachment and development,\" he said.Meanwhile, the CPI state council unanimously elected Bhuneshwar Prasad Mehta as its secretary and K D Singh and P K Ganguli as assistant secretaries. A 20-member working committee was also constituted which will work for expansion and organization of the party base in the state. Mehta said the agitation against forceful land acquisition, displacement, and forceful migration would continue. \"The June 16 bandh was just the first step. We will call a meeting of all Left parties, JDP and others in the first week of July to decide our future course of action,\" Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381866", "title": "This institution provides all facilities for Edinburgh's young athletes", "text": "By Jim Aitken Director, Centre for Sport and Exercise University of EdinburghFor the University of Edinburgh, London 2012 will be an exciting time. Two of Team GB's medal hopes \u2014 cyclist Sir Chris Hoy , who won three golds at Beijing in 2008 and rower Katherine Grainger, who has three Olympic silver medals to her name \u2014 are former Edinburgh students and their hard work and dedication provides an example to our next generation of young athletes. Six-times world champion Katherine Grainger took up rowing while studying law at Edinburgh and is hoping to secure gold at London 2012.Edinburgh's facilities include the Centre for Sport and Exercise, which caters to the university's 63 different sports clubs. Of the 26 Olympic sports, 24 are offered at Edinburgh , and for those students on the elite programme, a dedicated training facility is offered where highly-trained staff advise on fitness, nutrition, strength and conditioning, and technique. Financial support is available to those exceptionally talented students in both individual and team events, while academic dispensations and flexible study options allow athletes to delay exams to attend training camps and take part in competitions.Personal mentoring programmes for students are another key part of ensuring Edinburgh's young athletes are prepared both mentally and physically for the challenge of toplevel competition. Our staff works closely with students to help them strike the right work/life balance.Giving talented athletes time off from their studies to prepare for competition is another way we can help. Students like Craig Benson , who will compete in the 100m breaststroke at London 2012 after securing three gold medals for Youth Team Scotland at last year's Commonwealth Youth Games, will take up his studies at Edinburgh later this year on a part-time basis, allowing him to maintain a rigorous training regime and prepare for the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 2014. This flexibility paid off for Edinburgh hockey player Stephen Dick four years ago, when he deferred final exams and was selected for Team GB, which secured a fifth-place finish at the Beijing Olympics. We also ensure our young athletes can meet with established stars, allowing them to learn first-hand from those who have made it to the top. At the Commonwealth Games in 2010, we hosted a reception in Delhi where students mixed with members of the Team Scotland squad. We held a similar event in Beijing in 2008 and will do so in London in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380501", "title": "Constable dies due to ill health at airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 30-year-old constable who was on VIP bandobust at RGI Airport police station died reportedly due to ill health on Sunday. The victim, Mallikarjuna, was a constable with APSP VII battalion in Ditchpally.At 2 pm on Saturday, Mallikarjuna along with 14 of his colleagues had reported at the airport police station since every month, a team of APSP personnel get assigned the duty here for VIP bandobust.After reporting to the officers, the APSP team went to a room on the second floor of the police station to take rest. While they were sleeping, at about 4 am on Sunday, Mallikarjuna complained of severe headache and his colleagues rushed him to a private hospital.\"Doctors asked him get admitted but Mallikarjuna said that he was feeling better and asked his colleagues to take him back to the police station. After an hour, when the constables woke up and checked on Mallikarjuna, they found him unconscious. He was rushed to the same hospital. He was declared brought dead,\" RGI Airport inspector D Durga Prasad said.Mallikarjuna was a 2006 batch constable and police said that he had suffered severe head injury during training. \"We got to know that Mallikarjuna had severe headaches ever since he met with the accident during the rope climbing exercise two years ago. Family members said that he had a blood clot in the brain due to the accident and doctors had told him that surgery would be a risky option,\" the inspector said.However, people who saw him at the hospital claimed they were suspicious about the nature of death as they spotted a lungi tied around the forehead. But cops reiterated that the death was a result of ill health and that Mallikarjuna had tied the lungi around his forehead for the headache to subside.Mallikarjuna, a native of Timmajipet in Jadcherla mandal of Mahbubnagar district is survived by his wife and two children. The body was shifted to Osmania General Hospital for a postmortem and a suspicious death case was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14381357", "title": "Kanpur colleges start declaring first cut-off list", "text": "KANPUR: The mission admission in the colleges of the industrial city is gaining momentum with every passing day. From Monday, many colleges will start selling their admission forms, while many degree colleges will declare their first cut-off list.The Brahaspati Mahil Degree College has already declared its merit on Saturday while AND college will declare its first cut-off list on Monday. If the college authorities are to be believed, cut-off merit will be very high this year in comparison to past few years. The renowned colleges will be taking the cream, while those who secured below 50% marks will have to face lot of difficulties in getting admissions in regular courses.Its important to mention here that majority of colleges demand above 65% marks for admissions in science stream. The eligibility percentages could go beyond this for BSc (Maths). These percentages are expected to rise this year in colleges like PPN, AND and Armapur degree college.In many colleges for admission in BCom, one must have above 50%. Even this criteria will go beyond 60 to 70 percent in colleges like Christ Church, VSSD, DBS degree colleges.The selection criteria for humanities majorly lay beyond 50% marks. Last year students got admissions even with 40% in humanities. But according to the college authorities, the selection criteria will be higher this year.Meanwhile, admission process in VSSD college with 480 seats in BSc and 400 seats in BCom has started. Hundreds of students bought the admission forms from the college, which will declare its first-cut off merit list on July 6.Similar is the scene at Armapur Degree College as well, which offers 850 seats in BA. While the number of seats in BCom first year are 240. The college also offers 250 seats for professional computer course.Admission process have also started in Juhari Devi Degree College. The college authorities will declare first cut-Off list on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380874", "title": "Now, track your train on your mobile", "text": "NEW DELHI: Knowing the exact location of a train was never so easy as one can now track it on a mobile phone.A joint team of railways and IIT-Kanpur has developed a technology \u2014 the real-time train running information system \u2014 which enables a mobile user to know the exact location of a train.One has to type the train number and SMS it to 09415139139 or 09664139139 for knowing the exact location of a train on real-time basis, a railway ministry official said.\"Not all premier trains are covered yet. Some of the trains covered under the project included Mumbai Rajdhani, Howrah Rajdhani, Dibrugarh Rajdhani, Sealdah Duronto and Shatabdi trains for Bhopal, Kanpur and Amritsar,\" the official said.The facility would be extended to all major trains in the next 18 months and the railways has allocated Rs 121 crore for the project, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14379604", "title": "Police spoil suicide bid in Indiranagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: At 3.50 pm, the city control room phone rung. Hello....city control room? Yes, tell me what happened? I am speaking from Indiranagar and I am going to commit suicide and my family members are not at fault for this...Phone line snapped. Not taking any chances, the city control room flashed the message on wireless.District police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey, who heard the message immediately swung into action and called up circle officer Indiranagar Vishal Pandey and station officer Indiranagar Taufiq Ahmed to trace the location of the call since the same had come from a mobile phone.Police swung into action and within a few minutes traced the call to have been made from Dwarika Vihar in Indiranagar.A search was launched and after a few minutes the police were able to identify the house from where the call was made. It was house number 19 in Dwarika Vihar. A 27-year-old man by that time had tried to cut the veins of his left hand. The police picked the man. He was identified as Jaswant Kumar Kashyap, a class IV employee at Lucknow Municipal Corporation.On being asked the reason behind the extreme step, Jaswant said that he was fed up with his inability to pay back a loan of Rs 1 lakh, which his father had taken from a private bank about a year ago.IG Pandey said that since Kashyap had tried to end his life for whatever reason, a case has been lodged against him under Section 309 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381205", "title": "Rahul Gandhi made of stern stuff, has taken UP loss well: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh says Rahul Gandhi hasn't disappeared after the UP debacle and he is made of 'sterner stuff' than people think. He tries to explain the party's reluctance to criticize SP ahead of presidential polls. He also confirms his son's entry into India's already dynasty-driven politics.Rahul is absent from the scene since the UP debacle.He was there in the CWC meeting. Later, he had gone out on the invitation of another government. Every person has a right to go on a holiday for some time in a year. Even I take some time off. Where is the problem?But Rahul must be disheartened by the results.Certainly not because Rahul Gandhi is made of much sterner stuff than what you people think. He has taken it extremely well.Congress recently lost elections it was expected to win.Congress gained vote share in all state polls except Goa. BJP has lost votes in every state except Goa. So, how do you say Congress is losing? We won more seats in all four states, even Punjab, than last time.Have recent results dented Brand Rahul?In every state, Congress fared much better inspite of what media has been writing. Inspite of all the corruption charges that have been alleged, inspite of the campaign of so-called civil society which has been more at the instance of BJP and RSS, we have fared much better than BJP.How big a setback is the UP result for the party's future?It is not a setback because we increased our vote share and we have started preparations for the Lok Sabha polls. In a democratic set-up, elections are fought, you win some and lose some. The only parties that have reduced their vote share and seats are BJP and BSP.Is UPA compulsion like growing proximity to SP setting back Rahul's agenda in UP?SP has been supporting us since 2004, why are you questioning us now. There are innumerable cases where we fought each other in the state but came together to form government in Delhi. We fought each other in Bihar also, with RJD and LJP, but came together in UPA.But this time it may be serious because of the party's reluctance to attack SP \u2014 like no criticism on Akhilesh Yadav's 100 days in power.They have recently been elected with a complete majority in UP and for any government to settle down, it takes almost a year. This I can say with the experience I have had as chief minister of a state. So let them settle down first.The massive efforts put in by Rahul Gandhi and you came to naught. There is a lull in party activities.No. If you see UP assembly results, after 1993, we never got more than 7-7.6% votes, this time we got 11%. SP also increased its vote by 4% but because its base vote was higher, it got more seats. So, one cannot say our efforts came to naught ... You forget Congress is fighting UP local body elections on its symbol while SP and BSP are not. Why do you say there is a lull for us.What about future politics in Uttar Pradesh?We fought 2009 polls alone, we will fight 2014 alone. There is no chance of alliance right now.Rahul and you went hammer and tongs against SP. Why was Rashid Alvi pulled up for mentioning SP-BJP nexus?I won't comment on that because the statement was by an official spokesman and AICC's media chairman has clarified.But leaders are being gagged to keep allies in good humour.Who has gagged whom? No one is gagging anyone. If there was a gag, would I be talking to you, where is the gag order?There was a public announcement that Digvijay does not speak for the party.I am not a spokesman of the party, it is a fact. The statement of fact has been made the second time, not the first time. It is not disheartening. Else, I would not be speaking to you.The presidential elections are heating up. PA Sangma has challenged Pranab Mukherjee for a debate.I have high regard for Sangma but unfortunately, he is unnecessarily subjecting himself to be put in a position where he not only loses credibility but also his established ideology \u2014 anti-communal politics.Do you think President's election has given BJP another platform to attack Congress?I have my sympathies for BJP. They could not identify a single viable presidential candidate to be put up by them or by the NDA.MP elections are slated for next year? Your take.As a voter of MP, and a person who has been CM for 10 years, I would contribute whatever I have to ensure victory of Congress in MP... we should be able to form the government.You have launched your son, will he contest the assembly polls?It depends on the party. I tried to dissuade him from getting into politics but he insisted and I said ok, go and meet the people. He has to find his destiny. He will contest assembly polls if given Congress ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14379415", "title": "No meter, big cry", "text": "A common complaint among autorickshaw commuters is the lack of a transparent fare system. Most passengers are overcharged, and this has become the norm in most areas of the state.But autorickshaw owners say the meter system is unviable for them as fares are not revised after a petrol price hike, and neither do commuters want to pay the 50% return fare applicable for travelling outside municipal limits.\"The government does not revise the fares when petrol rates are increased,\" says Uday Girija, an autorickshaw owner based at an autorickshaw stand in Panaji. He laments that autorickshaw owners also have difficulty completing the registration procedures for new autorickshaws. \"Hence, despite having working meters, we are unable to use them,\" he claims.The government presently provides autorickshaw owners with a subsidy of 40,000 for the purchase of new vehicles which cost between 1.10 lakh to 1.30 lakh, depending on the model.Autorickshaw owner Suresh Chari feels the fare-by-meter system is difficult to implement since people do not want to pay the \"applicable\" return-fare.Panaji is not a big city like Mumbai where the meter system is used, hence trips are generally outside city limits, says Ram Naik (name changed on request), another autorickshaw owner.He feels the rented, self-driven bikes used by tourists has severely affected the autorickshaw business. \"It is not like the olden days anymore,\" he says.\"Spares for meters are not readily available, nor are the mechanics to repair them,\" he adds. Acknowledging that some autorickshaw owners may be overcharging, he holds that this does not mean that all autorickshaw owners are cheats.Transport director Arun Desai says the quantum of autorickshaws is the main issue. \"There are around 3,800-odd registered autorickshaws in Goa, but no meter servicing stations in the state,\" he says. \"Also with no provision of a return fare currently, the per kilometre fare system is unviable,\" he adds.\"Autorickshaw is not viable for the Goan topography. The business that they may get is low compared to other places,\" Desai stresses. He clarifies that he is not advocating for the rickshaw drivers but spelling out some of the genuine difficulties faced by them.There has to be a change in the point-to-point fare system, with provision for return fare. The return fare need not be double, feels Desai, while adding that it can be half the amount.Talking about overcharging by autorickshaw owners, Desai acknowledges the problem and says the drivers too have admitted they are culprits. He feels there is a need for a minimum fare for passengers who board on the way.Avelino de Sa, president of Disability Rights Association of Goa (DRAG), which had filed a petition in the high court on this matter, says, \"The transport department is not serious about the implementation of the meter system for autorickshaws and taxis in Goa.\"\"As per the high court order in the petition in which DRAG was a party, the transport department had given an undertaking that fare cards would be given to all autorickshaw and taxi operators and an online grievance redressal system would be in place by the end of February 2012. The same has not been done till date,\" de Sa states.He feels the fares approved by the transport department for autorickshaws are not in keeping with the market rate.\"The department claims to check the functioning of meters at the time of renewal of licence. Half the autorickshaws operating in Panaji do not have functioning meters. Autorickshaw operators complain that the analog meters cannot be repaired in Goa. If the Goa government provides training to unemployed youth to repair these meters it would solve the repair problem as well as provide employment opportunities for unemployed youth,\" de Sa adds.Roland Martins, coordinator of civic rights group GOACAN, says, \"Electric meters should be used in autorickshaws and the number of dedicated stands for the autorickshaws should be increased.\"He also feels that fares should be prominently displayed at these stands and an effective complaint mechanism should be put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14381524", "title": "Tripura governor debars woman judge over 'fake' charges", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Governor D Y Patil has approved the dismissal of a woman judge from service for raising allegation of corruption against a section of officials and judges, including the former chief justice of Guwahati High Court, last year. She has also been barred from practicing law.Tripura law secretary D M Jamatia said: \"Sampa Nath, the former principal counselors of the family court in North Tripura, is accused of making derogatory comments about judiciary. After she made the allegations, the high court instituted an inquiry and after the probe, all the judges of the court found no basis in her allegations.\"Nath had accused Justice Jasti Chelameswar, former chief justice of the high court, and Justice Madan B Lokur, present judge in the Supreme Court, of indulging in corrupt practices by making false statements regarding case disposal information and harassed her. \"My bosses went against me when I refused to sign a false statement in July 2007 following misplacement of a huge number of case records (about 5,000) on the second day after assuming charge as presiding officer of judicial magistrate court by the then chief judicial magistrate (CJM) Shymal Saha,\" Nath said. She added that he had exerted tremendous pressure on her to sign the false statement showing high rate of disposal.Nath said that she had informed of the matter to all of her bosses, including the then chief justice of Guwahati high court, but no action had been taken. Rather the accused, Shymal Saha, was given a promotion while she got transferred to Guwahati HC principal bench as officer on special duty, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14381340", "title": "Bollywood lure lands college girl in shelter home", "text": "PATIALA: She wanted to gain name and fame for her family by working in Bollywood, but trusting her best friend has cost a 20-year-old college student dear.A college girl from Ber Kalan village, Kulbir Kaur (name changed) had a passion for acting. She has acted in many college plays and wanted to reach Bollywood. Her friend Muskan was fully aware about her passion. On the pretext of arranging a role in a movie, Muskan took Kulbir to Mehamoodpura village around 15 days back and introduced her to Palwinder Kaur, who runs a dance academy.Muskan allegedly claimed before Kulbir that Palwinder has good connections with some dance directors, who could help her in getting work in movies. Palwinder also assured Kulbir that she has good connections in film industry and will get some work for her. But Palwinder also imposed a condition that Kulbir will have to stay in her house so that she could introduce her directly to some film directors.But instead of introducing her to any film director, Palwinder allegedly called Rajwant Singh from Hariyuo Khurd to her house around 13 days back and introduced him to Kulbir. Rajwant raped Kulbir in Palwinder's house and later, both the accused locked Kulbir in a room and Rajwant raped her repeatedly.\"The girl was locked in a room of the house and repeatedly raped by Rajwant for 12 days. She escaped from the clutches of the accused two days back and approached us. We have registered a rape case against Rajwant, Palwinder and her friend Muskan,\" said ASP of Sadar police station, Dhruman H Nimble.The family of the victim has refused to take her home as they claimed that she has been insisting on working in movies despite their resistance. After her medical examination, police filed an application in the office of SDM, Patiala to allow them send the victim to Nari Niketan.\"Her family members are not ready to take her. We have sent the victim to Nari Niketan and are conducting raids to nab the accused,\" said the ASP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14381554", "title": "Flyer made to sit near dead man refunded", "text": "NEW YORK: An airline has reimbursed a Swedish woman after she was given no choice but to sit across a corpse for much of a 10-hour flight to Kenya.Lena Pettersson, a reporter for 'Radio Sweden' , revealed that her fellow passenger , a man in his 30s, appeared to be sick when she boarded a Dar es Salaambound Kenya Airways flight during a stopover at Amsterdam's Schiphol airport, the New York Daily reported.The man reportedly died a few hours into the overnight flight. Pettersson was compelled to sit across the aisle from the corpse for the rest of the trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14380976", "title": "\u2018Ganga aarti\u2019 gains popularity", "text": "'Ganga Aarti' in the state capital has become very popular among the Patnaites as well as visiting tourists within a very short span of time. Organized by Bihar Tourism, it takes place at sunset every Saturday and Sunday at Gandhi ghat near NIT campus. The 'aarti' is performed on a stage by a group of young pandits, all draped in saffron robes, with their puja plates spread out before them.It commences with the blowing of a conch shell and continues with the movement of incense sticks in elaborate patterns and circling of large burning lamps that create a bright hue against the darkened sky. The movement of lamps, held in pandits' hands, synchronizes with the rhythmic chants of hymns. The heady scent of sandalwood permeates the air. In order to get a proper view of the 'aarti', people start arriving very early (as early as 5 pm). \"The best way of viewing it is from boat or from the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC)-run floating restaurant from the river,\" says BSTDC official Gajendra Singh.Bihar Tourism has replicated the rituals of 'Ganga aarti' as done in Varanasi and Hardwar in all grandeur at the Gandhi ghat. This initiative came close on the heels of creating a picnic spot in the riverine area across the Ganga in the city. \"The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation's move satiates the spiritual urge of those residing here or visiting Patna,\" said a Dutch tourist who recently visited the city. The picnic sport is apparently for fun and frolic, but 'Ganga aarti' too is aimed to enrich the varied experience. \"We have been organizing 'Ganga aarti' in a way that people can enjoy,\" a tourism department official said.The ritual, lasting about an hour, is a grand affair and visual delight not only for devout Hindus but also for all nature lovers. It begins at 6pm. Select priests from Patna were sent to Varanasi for training in conducting the 'aarti'. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi had inaugurated the 'aarti' on February 25 last year, a day ahead of its formal beginning. Modi had said this 'aarti' would never stop, even if there were very few visitors to the ghat. The light of 'diyas' illuminates the riverbank amidst chanting of hymns. A large number of devotees, including children and old people, gather by the river side to observe the 'aarti'. The tourism department is also contemplating to hold similar 'aartis' in other cities situated on the Ganga bank, like Munger, Buxar and Bhagalpur. The frequency of the event can also be increased and special pujas held during festivals.River cruise: A 10-day cruise on Kolkata-Varanasi route in the Ganga was launched in 2009 to attract foreign tourists. About 500km of the total 800km stretch of the cruise passes through various tourist places of Bihar, including Bhagalpur, Munger, Patna and Buxar. Tourists have the opportunity to visit all the sightseeing places, including Munger Yoga Ashram, ancient Vikramshila University, Dolphin Sanctuary, ancient Nalanda Mahavihara, Rajgir, Bodh Gaya and Patna, during the cruise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14380406", "title": "National Monuments Authority nod to new bridge near Salimgarh Fort", "text": "NEW DELHI: Northern Railway's plan to build a new bridge near world heritage site Salimgarh Fort will take off after being held up for almost a decade. This will be the first public project in Delhi to get a no objection certificate (NOC) from the National Monuments Authority (NMA).The authority gave the railways the go-ahead taking into consideration the heritage value of the old iron bridge. It said the rail portion of the old bridge should be preserved as a museum.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and the Northern Railway got embroiled in a long-drawn battle as work on the new bridge would have caused damage to portions of the Salimgarh Fort. The project was given approval only after the bridge was realigned to ensure that construction took place outside the 100m prohibited zone.Railways sought ASI's permission to build a new bridge in place of the 150-year-old iron bridge connecting Shahdara and the Old Delhi railway station. However, ASI refused permission as construction of the proposed bridge involved demolition of a portion of the ancient fort. The railways was asked for a revised plan. In the meantime, the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010, was passed and National Monuments Authority came into being\u2014 which would now grant permission.By this time, railways had a heritage impact assessment report prepared by Intach, which also proposed an alternative alignment in which the rail track through Salimgarh Fort would be diverted to north, passing over Yamuna through the new bridge. The diversion, which was outside 100m radius of the monument, would have ensured that the new construction was in regulated zone. \"The construction will now be carried out 30m upstream, parallel to the existing road-cum-rail bridges over the Yamuna,'' said an official.\"The new plan is in line with the Act as construction would take place outside the 100m prohibited zone; the heritage impact assessment report also supported the plan,'' said an NMA source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14381504", "title": "SC student body wants toppers to be put on merit list", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Scheduled Caste Students' Union (AASCSU) on Sunday said some of the toppers from the schedule caste (SC) community were put in the reserved category instead of the merit category by college authorities.The students' body said the college authorities during the admission process placed the SC merit students on the quota list instead of the merit list, which according to the body deprives other students from the community.At a meeting held in Cotton College, the students' body put forward issues affecting the community as a whole. According to them, the state government hasn't been able to address their problems in a pragmatic manner. The body discussed various problems faced by SC students at their respective schools and colleges such as discrepancies in cut-off marks, pre and posts matric scholarships, admission in medical and engineering colleges. The also spoke about formation of a strong city committee.\"College authorities are putting the toppers from our community in the quota category deliberately instead of the merit list. This proves detrimental for other students from the community as there are limited seats within the quota. The government says it will be beneficial for us, but we think it isn't the case,\" said Praveen Baishya, AASCSU president.He added that at a meeting with authorities concerned regarding the placement of SC toppers in the quota list, a circular was issued to the colleges and technical institutions to follow the decorum.\"We are focusing on a strong city committee to meet the interests of SC students. The Constitution has rights preserved for us. The state government is not serious about the Atrocities Act and one minister even said there have been no instances of atrocities on the SC communities. Funds meant for SC areas don't reach the people and are even diverted,\" said Baishya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380493", "title": "'Muslims lagging behind SCs, STs'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Voicing a unified demand for implementation of recommendations of the Justice Ranganath Mishra Commission or the National Commission for Religious and Linguistic Minorities, Muslim politicians and minority rights advocates highlighted the condition of socially backward minorities, Muslims in particular, at a discussion held at Jamat-e-Islami Hind in the Old City on Sunday. The participants iterated that the commission's recommendation for providing 15% reservation for minorities (including 10% for Muslims) has not been implemented by the government. Many of them also opined that the creation of a sub quota from the OBC quota would not benefit the Muslims much as it only guarantees reservation in education and government postings.Zahid Ali Khan, editor-in-chief of Siasat Daily, urged all minorities to take up the cause of implementation of the recommendations of the Ranganath Mishra Commission report.\"In order to emancipate the backward Muslim communities, many of which have been declared as more backward than SCs and STs, political reservation is also necessary. Therefore separate reservation for minorities and Muslims is required,\" the participants said. They also demanded that paragraph three of the 1950 presidential order should be deleted as it prevents Muslim and Christian dalits from availing reservation on par with Hindu dalits. The order violates the constitutional guidelines against discrimination on the grounds of religion, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14380232", "title": "Online courses offer plan B for management studies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Young B-school aspirants from the city, be it students or mid-career professionals, have found a new way to earn an MBA degree. Instead of enrolling themselves in a B-school, they are seeking online educational solutions. Online MBA, which allows students to attend classes on internet-based audio and video platforms, has become the new in-thing for business education in the city.According to students who have opted for these online courses, learning through a personal computer and a handheld device can be as exciting and enriching as classroom lectures.They say that online education actually enables students to learn from top management professionals in the country and abroad as their pre-recorded lectures are more insightful than most classroom lectures.Students who already have B-school degrees are also opting for online classes to hone their management skills. A large number of students who have taken these e-courses are already employed in various firms in the city.\"I wanted to join an MBA programme at one of the IIMs but also wanted to stick to my job. The online executive programme was the best option available and so I enrolled for it. I have finished the first of a two semester course and, so far, it has been a good learning experience,\" said Krishna Pallavi, a student from Hyderabad who has signed up for the e-MBA programme offered by myBskool.com in collaboration with IMT Ghaziabad.Students said that the portal provides interactive features through which they can contact lecturers at IMT Ghaziabad to clear their doubts.Officials from myBskool.com said that the online portal had found many takers in Hyderabad with many more expected to join through the ongoing admission process. About 5% of its 800 seats have been taken up by students from the state.Officials running the portal said that the idea behind starting the online classroom was to offer high quality business education at a low cost. \"The business programmes at most of the top B-schools are expensive with the fee ranging between Rs 7 and Rs 15 lakh.\"An online MBA programme is the best option for those wanting to save money and do an MBA without taking a break from their jobs,\" said K Swaminathan, director of myBskool.com.The online MBA degree costs a minimum of Rs 50,000. He said that his portal tied up with IMT Ghaziabad in December 2011 to rope in lecturers for online classrooms.Now, renowned names like the Harvard School of Business have decided to provide business lessons online given the demand for MBA degree holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14385019", "title": "Debate on PM candidate frivolous, MPs best judge to decide about leader: Raman Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Describing the on-going debate on National Democratic Alliance ( NDA) Prime ministerial candidate as 'frivolous', Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh said Monday that ideally it was for the Members of Parliament to decide about it after the next general elections.\"At present, such debate has no meaning. It's for the party and senior leaders to decide about such matters\", he quipped when asked about Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar's conception of qualities required for India's prime minister and his questioning of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's secular credentials. Without naming anyone, Nitish had stated that his party would not brook Modi's prime ministerial candidature in 2014.\"It's for the MPs to decide about their leader after the elections\", Singh told newsmen here. Refusing to draw himself into the debate on Modi's secular credentials, the Chhattisgarh chief minister said Narendra Modi has done a commendable job for the development of that state.\"It's the practice in a democracy. I don't see myself as a candidate for chief ministership after the 2013 assembly elections. There could be someone else also. It's for the party and the MLAs to decide about the leader\", Singh added.\"Every BJP chief minister is doing what is best for their respective states. In Chhattisgarh, my concern is the poor and problem of Naxalism. In Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh , the situations and requirements are different. There cannot be any comparison between the chief ministers\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14385807", "title": "Ghar Aaja releases on 12th July", "text": "This release sees Prabus team up with vocalist Raaj Sekhon, who is known for the hit song 'Maa' which was popular both in the UK and in India. 'Ghar Aaja' exposes the harsh reality faced by immigrants, many of which have recently come to the UK illegally, looking to the Western world as a means to provide for their families back home.\"I've always had the idea of doing a song like this to educate those who come to the UK, often funded by their families back home and leaving them in considerable debt. Most hope to find work and send money home to clear debts and provide a better standard of living for their families. Many have found that this glorified dream is not a reality. We've heard stories of how many of these individuals are living rough and are unable to face the shame of returning home a failure. Some become victims of drug and alcohol abuse in an attempt to relieve the psychological stress.\"'Ghar Aaja' delivers hard-hitting beats complimented by Raaj Sekhon's powerful vocals. We would definitely like to see them collaborate again in the near future. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14381886", "title": "Use stock market losses to cut your tax", "text": "It's a sea of red out there. The Nifty has lost almost 8% in the past 3 months. Even index-based blue chips are trading 30-35 % below their 52-week highs. Should you cut your losses or wait for the tide to turn? Selling stocks at a loss is never an easy decision. However, painful as it may be, booking losses could be a smart move for investors wanting to reduce their tax burden.Here's how it works. You sell the stocks in your portfolio to book losses and then buy back the same stocks the next day. Any loss you make on stocks or equity funds bought less than 12 months ago can be adjusted against gains from certain other investments, including short-term capital gains from stocks and equity funds as well as long-term gains from debt funds and gold ETFs and jewellery. What's more, the unadjusted losses can be carried forward for up to eight financial years.This doesn't mean that investors should rush out and dump all their loss-making stocks only to book tax losses. Before you embark check when you bought the stocks that are now trading at a loss. Only short-term capital losses from stocks can be adjusted against other gains or carried forward.Also remember that the sale of stocks and funds is on a first-in-first-out basis. This means the shares you bought first will be deemed to have been sold first. Suppose you bought 500 shares of a company at 150 each in January 2011 and then another 500 at 180 in July 2011. If you sell 500 of those shares at 140 now, you will not be allowed to carry forward the loss because your holding period of the intial tranche of 500 shares has exceeded one year. It is now a long-term capital loss. Since there is no tax on long-term capital gains from stocks, there is also no provision to carry forward the long-term capital losses from this asset class.Chartered accountant Minal Agarwal Jain says it is possible to carry forward long-term capital losses from stocks if the seller strikes an off-market deal with the buyer and the transaction is not routed through a stock exchange . \"However, it is difficult to find a buyer who agrees to such a deal. Besides, longterm capital losses can be set off only against long-term capital gains,\" she says.The risks involvedSelling at a loss involves a risk. What if the stock price shoots up after you have sold? If your intention was to hold the stocks for the long term, you might have to shell out a higher price the next day. To avoid this risk, you can buy more of the stock and then sell them the next day. Under the first-in-first-out rule, it will be deemed that you have sold the shares you bought earlier.But this strategy is also risky. If the share price falls further the next day, your losses will amplify. Some investors may want to take the upside risk and sell before they buy back the shares. Others may be more comfortable with the downside risk that entails buying more before they sell.One way to avoid such a risk is to buy and sell your holdings in small quantities. If you have 1,000 shares of a stock in which you want to book losses, spread out your buying and selling in tranches of 100 shares over a period of 10-12 days. Sell 100 one day, then buy them back the next day. Repeat this till you have sold and bought back the entire lot. This way, you can contain the upside and downside risk to just 100-200 shares.Taking delivery is importantWhen you go about selling and buying back, take care not to conduct both transactions on the same day. When you do that, you don't actually take delivery of the stocks. Such intraday transactions are treated as speculative by the taxman and can be disputed by the tax department if you want to book losses. In some countries, such as the US, if a taxpayer wants to book losses, there should be a 30-day gap between the sale and subsequent purchase of shares. Though there is no such rule in India, it is best to wait for a day or two before you buy back the shares so that the shares bought previously are out of your demat account before the new shares come in.Keep the contract notes of the transactions handy. You may need to mention the details of the transactions in the tax form when you file your income tax returns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14379414", "title": "Wrong signals for city traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: The 'smart' traffic signals installed in Kolkata two years ago aren't so smart any more. The area traffic control (ATC) system malfunctions more often than it works these days, leaving motorists baffled and some roads perpetually choked.The police blame the implementing agency, Keltron, a Kerala state PSU, while Keltron blames the never-ending roadside 'developments' that wreak havoc on the cables. Unless the agencies involved get together and identify the source of the problem, the multi-crore system will continue to fail the city.Kolkata Police had inaugurated ATS with much fanfare in 2010 after conducting trials, which is why they are finding it difficult to explain the repeated glitches in the system.Keltron officials insist their system is not to blame. They say that the recurrent digging and raising of pavements all across the city damages the cables, throwing the traffic signal system haywire. Keltron points out that Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has been raising pavements and erecting trident street lamps, \"often causing irreparable damage to cables\". \"We have to change the cables almost every three months,\" said senior Keltron officer Pradip.The traffic police, however, blame the Kerala PSU. \"There are a lot of glitches in the system. So the project is far from over even though all 95 signal-crossings have been networked with the central processing unit. Keltron, the company entrusted with putting the system in place, has let us down,\" said a senior police officer, adding that the \"lack of technological changes\" prevents signals at several key intersections from working in sync. \"We are trying our best to streamline them,\" said joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar.The signal cycle on a particular stretch depends on the feed from either the 'ground sensor loop' (sensors embedded under the road surface or pavement) or the 'virtual loop' (camera images of traffic at a particular point). These feeds are analysed by the central processing unit at traffic headquarters, based on which the computer sets the best possible signal cycle.The ATC system required an overhaul of the entire cable network on a particular grid, which Keltron said got repeatedly damaged. Moreover, there is no uniformity as far as signals are concerned. Different companies have set up different signals. So dealing with each signal proved to be a new challenge, a Keltron official said.ATC has three modes - automatic, manual and cycle-optimization mode. Going on manual mode not only affects the signal of a particular crossing, but has a chain effect on the traffic flow of other crossings.Keltron officials said that the traffic police must graduate to automatic signal completely. Unless, there is an emergency, manual mode is redundant, they say. The more you change a signal manually, higher the chances of human errors. And if this continues, traffic snarls on such roads become inevitable, said an official.The glitches force traffic to halt at every signal, just as in the pre-ATC days. \"There is hardly any uninterrupted flow of traffic as we were promised. I keep getting stalled at every signal. I don't find an iota of change after this so-called 'generation change' in the signalling system,\" said Kallol Mukherjee, a director with a liquor manufacturing company.The Area Traffic Control project is part of a scheme that has several components other than the signal system - a GIS-based automatic vehicle tracking system, a distress-call response system and surveillance on public places. The entire project cost is Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14380304", "title": "Social Service Branch raids Grant Road bar", "text": "MUMBAI: While Vasant Dhoble was away attending a relative's wedding in Pune, his Social Service Branch continued the ACP's campaign. At 9.30pm on Saturday, cops raided Kalpana Hindu Hotel Bar and Restaurant at Grant Road and arrested 38 people, including eight women, 15 customers and staffers.The arrested were booked under sections 293 (sale, etc. of obscene objects to young person) and 294 (obscene acts and songs) of the IPC and produced before the Esplanade Metropolitan Magistrate, who released them on bail of Rs 5,000 each.During the raid, the police seized Rs 1.33 lakh in cash, a music system and several documents. They claimed that the establishment was playing music too loud. They are now verifying if it had the requisite licences for an orchestra. The police said the main accused were the managers\u2014Suresh Shetty (36) and Chandrashekar Mogivira (25)\u2014who too were arrested. \"We had information that the managers were forcing bar girls to indulge in indecent behaviour with customers,\" said ACP Feroz Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14381298", "title": "Private hospitals, clinics to stay closed today", "text": "NASHIK: Private hospitals and clinics , barring emergency medical services in the city, will remain closed on Monday, in support of the Nashik branch of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) for a nationwide strike in protest against several government policies against the medical fraternity.Doctors here believe that the Clinical Establishment Act and National Commission for Human Resources in the health bill, among other policies, were unsuitable. Against this backdrop, the IMA has urged its members throughout the country to keep their clinics, hospitals, dispensaries and other establishments closed on Monday.There are several other issues the doctors want to highlight through the strike. These include opposing the government's proposed exit exam for medical students, suggesting conducting NEET from the next academic session, instead of the current, and demanding that salaries for state government and stipends of junior doctors be made on par with central government staffers.Doctors have welcomed the proposal of compulsory rural services after internships for medical graduates. However, they say that these provisional doctors be given salaries and other perks of regular service personnel. IMA says it is disappointed that while formulating important policies regarding medical education and health, the government never took into consideration its point of view.Information about the strike on Monday was provided by IMA, Nashik, president Dr Shirish Deshpande. Also present at the media briefing were state vice-president of the association, Dr Rajendra Kulkarni, Dr Nivedita Pawar, Dr Nitin Gadkari, Sharadchandra Pagare and others.During the shutdown, serious patients will be sent to government hospitals and medical colleges. Kulkarni said that the responsibility of deciding policies with regard to health, rests with state governments.The doctors said conditions implemented by the government were far too stringent, which may jeopardize the medical profession and the future generation may even turn its back on the profession.The medical fraternity here will present memoranda on their opposition to government policies to the district collector, legislators and Members of Parliament, appealing them to protest against the new government policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14379409", "title": "Civil contractor held for raping 14-year-old girl", "text": "PUNE: The Talegaon Dabhade police on late Saturday night arrested a civil contractor for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl, who is a waste-picker. The incident took place at an under-construction building on Varale Road near Talegaon, around 35 km from Pune during the wee hours of Saturday.Assistant inspector Amol Chaudhari of the Talegaon Dabhade police station said Ayub Kasim Patel (38) of MHADA Colony, Talegaon Dabhade, had forcibly confined the victim and her two minor friends on the construction site on Friday night.On Friday evening, Patel had spotted the victim and her friends while they were picking waste near the Talegaon Dabhade railway station. \"Patel scolded them for stealing iron and other metal parts from his site. He then forced them into a tempo and drove towards the under-construction building on Varale Road,\" Chaudhari said.One of the girls, however, managed to escape during the drive. \"Patel then confined the three girls into a room at the site. He gave them food, and slept in the same room where the girls were sleeping,\" Chaudhari said.Chaudhari said during the wee hours of Saturday, Patel allegedly raped one of the girls. \"In the morning, Patel let the girls go. The victim then informed the incident to her relative, who in turn lodged the complaint with the police,\" Chaudhari said.Patel was arrested on late Saturday night. He was produced before the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14381296", "title": "Two political parties for judicial probe into Charason incident", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The Internationalist Democratic Party (IDP) and the CPI (ML) liberation have demanded judicial inquiry into Charason incident, alleging the civil and police administration of unjustified aggression on the tillers to dispossess the land that which they have been cultivating for more than 60 years. The two political organizations also demanded to give ownership rights of land in possession of the cultivators should be transferred in their names.Releasing the report of fact-finding committee, IDP state secretary Karnail Singh Jakhepal and CPI (ML) liberation state secretary Rajvinder Singh Rana said on June 19 panchayat officials leading a heavy posse of police secretly swooped on village Charason, in Sanaur block of Patiala district to remove the small farmers from a piece of 90 acres of land, which they have been cultivating for more than 60 years , since 1947.In the mid-noon aggression, the police burst teargas shells, lathi-charged and wreaked repression on the cultivators, their women folk and elders who gathered there in the wake of police action. As a result, at least three dozen farmers, including women were injured and hospitalized thereof. Later on, ten farmer leaders who went to the hospital to inquire about health of the injured were also taken into custody by the police.A \"fact finding committee\" was formed by members of the two political parties who visited the village and met the affected and injured farmers and members of village panchayat's panches and sarpanch. They also met the BDPO Jaswant Kaur, revenue officials and other concerned people.\"Some of the influential and mobile section of cultivators got 250-300 acres of land under their possession decreed in their favour from civil courts invoking political and officials' patronage. But, small and poor farmers farming around 90 acres, anyhow, failed to secure such legal covering for that land. And, the panchayat officials goaded the village panchayat to adopt resolution in 2009 for dispossessing the poor cultivators from 90-acre chunk of land. Thereafter, authorities issued warrants of dispossession and sought to be implemented the same through force on June 19,\"said Karnail Singh Jakhepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14380875", "title": "Techies moonlight as real estate agents, rake in cash", "text": "CHENNAI: Professionals in the IT sector may be paid big bucks but a little extra money doesn't hurt. Many techies, including several who work for top companies, have found that moonlighting in the city's booming real estate market can be a very lucrative part-time job.Software professional A Vignesh, who started dabbling in real estate four years ago, now has six partners in a real estate firm that he launched with his friends when they were second year undergraduate students. \"We now work in various software and BPO companies but we continue to do the realty business on the side,\" he said.Vignesh says his company mostly looks for IT and corporate clients. Techies like him who have got into real estate usually do business in apartments and residential complexes in posh areas of the city.But Vignesh's partners say it's not an easy job. \"We visit sites and meet buyers over the weekends,\" said K Raguram, who also works for the firm. \"Only few deals work out. When we get buyers and sellers to come to an understanding, we make good money,\" he said. Software professional K Ramesh purchased an apartment through Vignesh two years ago. \"I bought a second-hand flat in Thuraipakkam in 2010. It was a furnished house and the price was reasonable,\" he said.T Balakrishnan, who works for a multinational corporation, entered the real estate business after an unpleasant incident while purchasing an apartment. \"I'd been searching for a flat for more than three years before I bought a second-hand apartment in 2008,\" he said. \"I paid agents Rs 90,000 as commission and later learned that they had overpriced the apartment.\"Some of Balakrishnan's friends who wanted to buy apartments asked him for help. \"I started searching for flats myself because I knew that many brokers cheat people,\" he said. \"I visited many apartments before I found a place for a colleague in Adyar. He forced me to accept a gold chain for my trouble.\" He soon started accepting commissions for his services and found that he could make a tidy sum by being a part-time realtor.The trend of professionals from other industries getting into the housing market has been on the rise, said K Velmurugan, a realtor for more than 10 years. He said the market is big enough for everyone, so part-timers do not pose a threat to those in the business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-25"}
