{"city": "pune", "code": "12337290", "title": "Maharashtra State Co-operative Federation Ltd audit report in a week", "text": "PUNE: The audit report of Maharashtra State Co-operative Federation Ltd - initiated after allegations of the federation signing a Rs 35-crore build-operate-transfer (BOT) deal with a private builder - will be submitted to the state co-operation commissioner within a week.Speaking to TOI, cooperation commissioner Madhukar Chaudhari said, \"The state government appointed auditor was asked to conduct an audit of the federation by March 2011. The department learnt that the federation had not kept its books properly and violated various basic rules and guidelines laid down by the state government. Hence the auditors were given additional time to complete their report, which will cover the cancelled BOT deal along with other irregularities in the daily functioning of the federation.\"The audit report would provide material for any possible legal action against the federation and the deal. Once, the audit report is submitted, further action will be taken against the federation, said Chaudhari.In the first few months of 2011, the city headquartered Maharashtra State Co-operative Federation Ltd - the apex organization of co-operative societies in the state, signed a deal with a private developer for Rs 35.11 crore. The builder was to develop the 74,158 sq ft area of the federation building located near the railway station and hand over 5,000 sq ft to the federation for its use. The rest of the built-up area was to be used by the builder as commercial property for the next 99 years. Rough estimates put the value of the property close to Rs 120 crore.Chaudhari said, \"The co-operation law does not permit the federation to enter into such deals. Once the commissionerate found the violation, the state government was informed. The government immediately dissolved the board of directors and cancelled the deal with the builder. The government also asked the federation to return the first instalment of Rs 1.11 crore to the builder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338583", "title": "Film City to be boon for the industry in state", "text": "The budget proposal to set up a film city in Ottappalam has come as a boon for the film industry in the state. The project, for which the finance minister has allocated Rs one crore, is envisaged as a public private partnership (PPP) project.\"It is a first of its kind endeavour in the state. Once the film city becomes a reality, the film industry can save a lot of money and time. Film city will help us to do the shooting without interruption up to 16 hours,\" said Milan Jaleel, president, Kerala Film Producers' Association.The state government has already earmarked four acres of land belonging to the irrigation department for the project which will be implemented by Kerala State Film Development Corporation. According to the plans, the construction of the film city is expected to be completed within a year. There are reports that KSFDC has plans to set up a studio as well.The scenic village has already been the location for several films. As of now, the film crew will have to hire lodging and other amenities in the area till the shooting is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12336395", "title": "Uncontested Rajya Sabha polls almost certain", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The entry of BJD leader Rabinarayan Mohapatra, former hockey international Dilip Tirkey and NGO activist A V Swamy to the Rajya Sabha almost became certain on Monday after the Opposition Congress did not announce support to any candidate. While Mohapatra and Tirkey are BJD nominees for the March 30 polls, Swamy is in the fray as a BJD-backed Independent.Mohapatra, Tirkey and Swamy filed their nomination papers with Amiya Sarangi, who is secretary, Odisha Legislative Assembly, and returning officer for the RS elections, in the presence of chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik, host of ministers and NCP MLAs. Assembly sources said four others have also filed as Independent candidates, but their nominations papers would be rejected on Tuesday as none of them has any MLA as his/her proposer. For a nomination to be valid, at least 10 legislators have to sign as proposers.Consequently, three-time Olympian Tirkey (34), Nayagarh district unit president Mohapatra and Bhoodan worker Swamy (82) stand to win the polls uncontested.Earlier, the Congress, which has 27 MLAs in the 147-member House, kept the curiosity levels high by not making clear whether it would put up a party candidate till the timing of filing of nomination papers elapsed at 3 pm. Hectic parleys were seen in the Opposition camp with efforts being made for fielding businessman Tararanjan Patnaik, who had unsuccessfully contested the 2010 RS polls, yet again as an Independent. But the effo*rts fell flat apparently because the BJP, which has six MLAs, decided to abstain from the elections.\"We decided against putting up a party nominee as we do not have the numbers to ensure victory,\" said OPCC president Niranjan Patnaik. \"We could have supported an Independent had someone managed to get 10 MLAs as proposers, but it did not happen,\" he added.Going by the poll arithmetic, a candidate would have needed 37 first preference votes to win provided all 147 MLAs would have voted. With 103 MLAs, BJD was sure to grab two of the three seats for which elections were being held. For the third slot, Naveen announced support for Swamy and also roped in NCP (which has four legislators) to toe his line. Having tasted defeat in 2010 by backing Tararanjan, the BJP was divided in its stand, leading to its decision to abstain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336694", "title": "Doctors speak up for hearing-impaired persons", "text": "NAGPUR: Most disabilities evoke sympathy and kindness. Not so with those suffering from hearing loss, especially the elderly. These people are the butt of many jokes in popular fiction as well as in real life. Ironically, despite some 8% of the population having this impairment, not much has been done to extend help to those suffering from it, say city doctors.The phenomenon of hearing loss among the elderly was the point of discussion among city doctors recently. They were participating in a CME on the topic by the city branch of Indian Medical Association and Geriatric Society of India. The doctors believe that the lack of sensitivity among people about this grave impairment is an issue of great concern.\"While people with disabilities like blindness get a sympathetic view from people, the same people ridicule those with hearing disabilities, passing derogatory remarks about their handicap,\" said senior ENT surgeon Dr Madan Kapre.Preventive geriatrician Dr Sanjay Bajaj said that according to the 12th Five Year Plan, the union health ministry has said that one in five senior citizens suffer from hearing loss. Quoting an international study on jokes, he said that around 12% jokes are on hearing impairment while 7% are on visual impairment.Dr Prashant Nikhade, who took over the reins as the president of Association of Otolaryngologists of India (AOI) recently, explained, \"Aging brings much impairment, as nerves start degenerating. Several senior citizens carry on for years together without even knowing of its existence. They fear the dependency on their family members that such conditions bring about.\" He adds disability can be easily managed with aesthetically designed hearing aids that can be hidden behind the ears.Inability to understand the prevalence of hearing loss can also lead to social isolation for the elderly, warned Dr Kapre. \"They tend to avoid conversations and social interactions, since asking people to repeat what they say embarrasses them. That is how the process of slow isolation begins,\" he said.ENT surgeon Dr Ashish Disawal also stressed on the importance of early diagnosis and rehabilitation. \"At times those suffering are unable to accept that they are hard of hearing and sometimes they are not aware of it at all. With a simple test, we can suggest the kind of hearing aid - digital or analogue - that a person should be using,\" he said.The most common excuse of people for not using a hearing aid is their inability to adjust the machine. \"Even changing spectacles or a mobile phone calls for some adjustment. Counselling can help tide over this difficulty too,\" he added.Another problem is the use of hearing aids being unacceptable.\"Being an invisible disability, unlike blindness, hearing loss is ignored by most people. Some don't complain, and family members of others do not agree on the problem,\" believed Dr Bajaj. He asked family doctors and physicians tending to the general populace to pay heed to this problem. It should, in fact, be made a part of general geriatric health check-up, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12337177", "title": "Stormwater sewage in Maharaj Nagar to provide relief", "text": "LUDHIANA: Providing relief to people residing in Maharaj Nagar and near Circuit House, MC authorities are going to lay stormwater sewage near PAU Gate No 3 since during rains it becomes difficult to pass through this stretch due to waterlogging.However, residents are worried whether officials would be able to complete the task in time otherwise they would have to face problems in the rainy season.The storm sewerage is to be laid down from Saggu Chowk to Professor Mohan Singh Marg and it would be connected with storm sewerage line on Ferozepur Road.The work could bring relief for several residents of area, but only if it gets laid within given time period.Businessman and resident of Maharaj Nagar Sushil Sharma, said,\"The system would bring great relief for residents as well as commuters during rainy season. But I feel the officials should have started work in winter in order to complete it by rainy season. Moreover, after laying the sewerage lines they need to carpet the roads properly in order to avoid inconvenience to commuters.''Khushwant Singh, a software engineer and area resident, said, \"The project was much required for the development of area, but officials are starting it late in turn stretching it to July. This will further add to our woes as it would be impossible to work on the project in rainy season.''Additional commissioner (technical) Manjit Singh said, \"Waterlogging is a serious problem on this particular stretch of road from gate number 3 to Professor Mohan Singh Marg, so we are going to lay down storm water sewerage here. We are hopeful that this work would complete within two months, but construction of road would be possible only after rainy season.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337464", "title": "Children's film fest begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Children Film Fest, 2012 organized by the Children's Film Society of India (CFSI) kicked off in the city's Rabindra Bhawan on Monday. The two-day fest was organized in collaboration with the directorate of Cultural Affairs, Assam and in association with Guwahati Cine Club.About 1,000 children thronged Rabindra Bhawan premises on Monday morning to watch the inaugural film of the festival-Halo, which is directed by eminent filmmaker Santosh Sivan. The movie is about a seven year old girl's quest for her lost puppy 'Halo' through the streets of Bombay. Iranian film, Hayat (Life) also received a good response from the viewers on the opening day of the fest.The International Children's Film Festival of India (ICFFI) known to showcase national and international children's movies may be held in Guwahati next year. Sushovan Banerjee, CEO of CFSI, a government body constituted to nurture a dynamic children's film culture in the country said chief minister Tarun Gogoi had assured to develop the infrastructure needed to host the International Children's Film Festival of India in Guwahati by this year.\"If all goes well, we will organize the International Children's Film Festival of India in Guwahati in 2013. We wanted to organize the festival in Guwahati last year itself, but could not due to lack of necessary infrastructure. We sought chief minister Tarun Gogoi's help and he promised to provide assistance,\" Banerjee said after inaugurating the festival.Banerjee said though India produces a very small number of children films, there is no dearth of children's film lovers in the country. \"Other countries have produced a sufficient number of children films, which cater to the needs of the viewers,\" he added.The second day of the Children Film Fest will showcase movies like Karamati Coat, directed by Ajay Kartik, Lilkee, directed by Batul Mukhtiar, Kabhi Pass Kabhi Fail, directed by Virendra Saini and Chhutkan Ki Mahabharat, directed by Sankalp Meshram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336089", "title": "MSRTC asked to pay full overtime", "text": "Nashik: The assistant labour commissioner in Nashik has asked Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) to pay overtime wages as per the hours put in by the drivers and also monitor their duty charts and file a compliance report at the next hearing scheduled for April 12, Maharashtra ST Kamgar Sanghatana divisional secretary Pramod Bhalekar said.At a meeting called on Monday between the employees' union and management, the officiating assistant labour commissioner, R S Jadhav, also asked the MSRTC officials to give an assurance by Tuesday that they would recruit more drivers to meet the shortfall.Currently, the drivers work for 13-14 hours a day but are paid overtime for only 10 hours. Also, those driving on the Nashik-Pune route are asked to make the return journey the same day. The union had filed a complaint with the assistant labour commissioner about the excess working hours of the drivers. Though MSRTC officials claimed that they had taken the union's prior permission for drivers to work additional hours on 18 of the 78 routes, the union said it was agreed that the drivers would be working only for 10 hours. But in effect, they were made to work for more than 13 hours, Bhalekar said.\"Besides, on the other 60 routes, the officials could not give any satisfactory answer as to why the drivers were made to work over time. The MSRTC officials also agreed that in those 18 routes, the drivers were paid overtime for only 10 hours, instead of the entire extra period of duty,\" Bhalekar said.MSRTC was represented by the divisional controller and the regional manager, but they were unavailable for comment. The labour office has now asked the MSRTC officials to ensure with immediate effect that drivers do not have to be behind the wheels for 14 hours in a day and also take permission from them before they are assigned overtime work.Currently, the MSRTC's drivers work for 13-14 hours a day but are paid overtime for only 10 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336494", "title": "Maya projects under SP scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Soon after taking charge as PWD and irrigation minister, Shivpal Yadav sought details of construction works undertaken by the Mayawati government.Although chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had earlier mentioned that there would be no politics of vendetta, Shivpal, right after taking the charge, ordered the skeletons to be brought out of the closets, asking department officials to turn in files within a week pertaining to Mayawati's parks in Lucknow and Noida.Although the construction of all the monuments during the past five years would come under the scanner, Yadav made a special mention of the Kanshiram Eco Park located on Jail Road here.He said that the department would examine the grounds on which permission was given to destroy the existing jail and build a park in its place. His ministry will also examine, Yadav said, the continuous fund infusion into various construction works undertaken by the previous regime.Yadav also made quick work of seeking information about other projects, instructing PWD officials to ensure all rural roads in the state are made pot-hole free, \"fake\" disbursal of funds for construction work is stopped and all incomplete bridges be finished, soon. In a significant move, Yadav said the reservation quota introduced by Mayawati in the tendering process will also be stopped immediately. \"The earlier, tender process, free of quota, will be restarted,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12336966", "title": "Tiger population poised to rise in Sathyamangalam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The tiger population in Sathyamangalam forests, which will in all likelihood be declared a tiger reserve soon, is stable and poised for further increase, a just concluded wildlife census revealed. According to Sathyamangalam Divisional Forest Officer N Sathish, the survey confirmed that the tiger population in the area is between 18 and 25.The wildlife census, which began on Friday, concluded on Sunday evening. The census was being conducted with the participation of volunteers of Coimbatore based NGO OSAI, students of Bannariamman Institute of Technology, SEWA voluntary organization in Erode and wildlife enthusiasts. According to him, modern equipment including laser range finders was used for enumeration of wild animals. The surveyors also adopted line-transect direct count, carnivore sign survey, dung count and waterhole count systems to take stock of the animals. According to Sathish, an itemized list of animals would be brought out later after merging data collected by different groups.``The presence of tigers was confirmed in many areas. In Kettuvadi and Bijilatti, bodies of deer killed by tigers were found. Marks left by tigers on some trees were also documented. Cameras have been installed in various parts of the forest to capture images of tigers,'' he said.According to Sathish, the enumerators found large herds of elephants inside the forest and their number count is around 800. The area is one of the largest havens for Asiatic elephants, he said. The surveyors also found cheetahs, jackals and bears inside the forest.''A healthy prey base, our strict vigil in forests, conservation efforts and reduction of cattle population in the forest fringes have yielded positive results in Sathyamangalam,'' he said when asked about the growing population of animals.``Once it gets tiger reserve status, there would be total habitat improvement. There would be projects that would help not only the tigers but also the entire flora and fauna of the region. It is home to one fourth of the elephants in the state. Sathyamangalam is also a migratory path for over 6,000 Asiatic elephants which move from the Nilgiris to Bandipur in Karnataka,'' Sathish said. It also has a large number of black bucks and hyenas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336649", "title": "Two-month-old baby diagnosed with type-1 diabetes", "text": "NAGPUR: What is the age of the youngest diabetes patient having insulin-dependant diabetes that you know? Doctors from a city hospital have diagnosed a baby, only a couple of months old, to be suffering from type-1 diabetes.Though the disease itself may not be uncommon in itself, the diagnosis of the disease at such an early age is indeed an uncommon phenomenon, said doctors from Colours Children Hospital.Two months after the prognosis was made, the baby has been coming to the hospital on a regular basis and the condition has been managed to the extent that he has started gaining weight, too.\"The child had come to us with fever and persistent vomiting that had caused severe dehydration. The parents informed us about the presence of convulsions, too. On investigation, we found that the blood sugar level of the child had risen to around 600 milligrams,\" said paediatrician Dr Sanjay Marathe.\"Most doctors found it difficult to believe the diagnosis. So the baby was subjected to many tests to confirm the disease. Other than repeated blood tests, there were urine examination and other tests before it was announced,\" Dr Marathe added. It wasn't just the doctors who were surprised by this revelation. The mother of the baby at first refused to accept the results despite the doctors' conviction.She was also scared about the little one having to be injected so often. Now, however, she has learnt to administer the shot herself and makes sure she regularly keeps in touch with the doctors.\"Diabetes being detected in such a young age is quite an uncommon thing. In my two-decades of practice as an endocrinologist, the youngest child that I knew having diabetes was only 9 days old but it did not survive for long. Among the surviving kids, this is the youngest one I know,\" said diabetologist Dr Sailesh Pitale.He suggested that genetic testing of the child needs to be done to assess the complications he can have but the chronic dependency on insulin would stay with him for his lifetime. The hospital, which recently celebrated its second anniversary, has handled some delicate cases earlier this year.A baby weighing just 650 gram was delivered at hospital. The doctors were successful in removing a 600 gram tumour from a newborn besides delivering a baby through caesarian section after its mother was already dead. In another case, they safely delivered a 28-week premature baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12337106", "title": "Licenced suppliers too look for illegal end users", "text": "Procuring illegal explosives from licenced suppliers is not only easy, but also cheaper than getting it through proper channels, experts said, citing the reasons behind the rampant business in the state.As per the revelations made by the arrested persons in recent cases, one has to pay only Rs 15 for a detonator and Rs 30 for a gelatin stick. A gang of eight persons, caught last year in Sirohi, had revealed that they used to sell detonators and gelatin sticks in a bundle containing 25 pieces each. They used to charge Rs 300-400 per bundle of detonators and Rs 700-800 per bundle of gelatin sticks.\"It is quite a lengthy process to get explosives legally from a licenced suppliers. For illegal mining, it is impossible. So getting it illegally is the only way out,\" said a police officer.Besides, they are comparatively cheaper. \"If a licensed supplier is selling the explosives illegally, he would have all the profits. So he can afford to give it on a cheaper price,\" said a police officer.In some cases, even MGNREGA contractors were found using illegal explosives for various works like digging up roads as they are cheaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12337034", "title": "Killer SUV driver still dodges cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Cocking a snook at Bangalore police, the woman SUV driver who mowed down a labourer and injured four on a pavement near Banaswadi in the early hours of March 12, has managed to remain elusive even a week later.This despite police being sure that the woman, P Manjula alias Mahi, 37, is in the city. In fact, cops suspect that she has moved closer to her Babsabpalya residence near Banaswadi.After a four-member team of inspectors formed to track down Manjula drew a blank, police will escalate their search operations by publishing her details on their list of fugitives.Cops now plan to release her photograph through pamphlets and distribute them in the city and elsewhere in the state.\"We are not keeping quiet. We have information that she has moved close to her residence in Babusabpalya . But her exact location is not known. We came to know this while shuffling through calls received by some of her regular contacts. We are watching all those who are in touch with her personally,\" a senior police officer supervising the investigation told The Times of India.\"Anyone trying to protect her will be prosecuted. There is a provision in the law that whoever gives shelter to an offender is equally responsible and liable for prosecution ,\" the officer pointed out.\"How long can she be on the run? One day, she will have to come out and face the law. The more she keeps away from us the more she'll be in trouble,\" the officer said.Investigations so far have led police to her sister and mother who stay in Ittigegud, Mysore. Her sister and mother told police that Manjula , a divorcee, hasn't been visiting them for three years.Elusive TrailFour-member team of inspectors formed to track down Manjula (in pic) draws a blank Cops now plan to release her photo through pamphlets Telephone calls point to a place closer to her residence in Babusabpalya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335405", "title": "Power void in Maoists' ranks behind Italians' kidnap?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The abduction of two Italians in Odisha's Kandhamal seems to have been triggered by the power vacuum in the Maoist hierarchy, and personal ambition of regional satraps.Sabyasachi Panda, chief of the Maoists' Odisha State Organizing Committee (ORSOC), is allegedly the mastermind of the abduction. He is reportedly eyeing the top post of the outfit's eastern regional bureau (ERB) after Maoist leader Kishanji was killed in an encounter in West Bengal last year.But, sources in the know ruled out the possibility. Though Panda is a good organizer, he is weak in military organization and tactics, which were Kishanji's strength. Akin to Kishanji, Panda is known to be publicity- hungry and ruthless.What also works against Panda's elevation as the ERB chief is that he is not yet a CC member.In an interview in February, Panda had, however, dismissed the possibility of his elevation. \"It's only police propaganda to divert the attention of cadres,\" he had said.Panda had a meteoric rise through the Maoist ranks. At 43, he is quite young to head the ORSOC. This is unusual among Maoists, where senior posts are given to leaders with decades of experience in the ranks.As he rose in the party, his ambitions also soared. Panda has been most vocal about domination of Andhra Pradesh leaders in the top echelons of the CPI-Maoist.At a meeting in Jharkhand late last year, Panda was tasked with reorganizing the Maoists in Bengal following Kishanji's death. The meeting was reportedly attended by Kishanda alias Prasanta Bose, one of the top three Maoist leaders.The abduction of Italians is, perhaps, the first instance of Maoists holding foreigners hostage. Sources said overground activists and supporters of Maoists are unhappy with the Italians' abduction as it could lead to a backlash globally. \"It seems to a desperate bid by local Maoists (read Panda) to grab headlines,\" said a source.Panda is allegedly the biggest collector of money for the Maoists in Odisha through extortion and levy on projects, including construction of roads and bridges. The Naxalite movement in the state was rejuvenated after Panda joined the CPI (ML) PW in 1995-96.He proved his mettle with a string of deadly attacks in Odisha, including the 2004 attack of Koraput district headquarters and armoury, attacks on police stations in Malkangiri and Raygada districts between 2001 and 2003.His wife Subhashree, who worked in a private company, was arrested in 2010. Her release is among Panda's demand for release of the Italians.Sources said Panda is allegedly responsible for the abduction of Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna last year, and killing of 36 personnel of Andhra Pradesh's anti-Naxal Greyhound force after Maoists attacked a boat carrying them in Balimela reservoir in 2008.Under his leadership, the Maoists grew in strength. Currently, companies of Maoist cadres are deployed in Malkangiri and Koraput. Each company has about 60 cadres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334802", "title": "\u2018Runaway brides\u2019 decamp with jewelleries worth lakhs", "text": "INDORE: Next time when you visit a marriage bureau, ensure its credibility. In Indore, cops claim to have arrested a marriage bureau owner Dinesh Jain who got his clients married to his women accomplices, who would then loot their grooms of ornaments worth lakhs of rupees on the day of marriage.The police claim that the accused Dinesh has 'solemnized' two such marriages in which the families of the grooms are repenting for having registered their prospective bachelors with the bureau.Two parties, one each in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, have fallen victim to this. The marriages were solemnized at Dariya Bag in Mandsaur and Jaipur in Rajasthan.In Mandsaur, the accused got one of his accomplices married in the family of Sagarmal Jain. All went right in the Sagarmal family, until its members realized that the bride has decamped with ornaments worth lakhs of rupees. A similar marriage was solemnized in Sunil Jain family of Jaipur, where the girl on the first day of the marriage reportedly escaped with booty worth lakhs. A case was lodged against the accused in Jaipur under Sections 420, 468 and 495 of the IPC. Rajasthan police had reportedly come to the city. It managed to arrest him on Monday morning with the help of Indore police from his residence at Jagjivan Ramnagar under jurisdiction of MIG police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339274", "title": "Nayanthara excited to work with Rana Daggubatti", "text": "The actress is excited about her comeback and has just signed her fourth flick. She will be paired opposite Rana Daggubatti and says she's looking forward to the project.Director Krish says, \"Krishnam Vande Jagathguru is the name of the film - it's a commercial film told in an adventurousrealistic manner. Nayanthara is playing a strong character; a woman of substance. She is feminine, yet has attitude. I am really excited that she has come on board because I think she's the only one who can play this character.\"As for the Nayan-Rana pairing, Krish says, \"Rana is sculpting his body for this film. Nayan has a great physique and very expressive eyes and I am very sure this combination will rock.\"Nayanthara also has films with Nagarjuna, Gopichand and Ajith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12335862", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams takes Abhishekam seva away from reach of common pilgrims", "text": "TIRUMALA: Notwithstanding the flak it receives for according preferential treatment to VIPs, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) has landed itself in another controversy by surreptitiously taking away an important seva from being extended to common pilgrims. The Abhishekam seva, which was extended to common pilgrims since last year through a lucky draw scheme and Sarva darshan, is now a no-no for them.The seva, performed to the deities every Friday morning, ceased to be available for the common pilgrims since March 16. TTD silently implemented the decision, as a result of which thousands of pilgrims who avail themselves of Sarva darshan would lose a great opportunity to get Abhishekam seva facility.Joint executive officer Srinivasa Raju said they had to do away with the Abhishekam seva for the common pilgrims after complaints kept pouring in.\"The pilgrims' ire was that they were not able to get a good glimpse of the deity with the archakas occupying the centre stage during the ritual. So, we felt there was no point in extending the seva when they were not satisfied with it,\" he pointed out.But sources said there were other reasons. TTD, which was finding it difficult to procure oil extracted from the civet cat which is used during the holy bath in the Abhishekam seva, was worried over the backlash from the common pilgrims if it were to avoid use of the oil during the ritual.\"Pilgrims attach a lot of sentiment to civet cat's oil and cannot accept if the TTD officials fool around on the ritual,\" a former official said. A few days back, the Central ZooAuthority shot off a strong letter to TTD rejecting its plea to acquire civet cats for extracting oil, contending that the cat is an endangered animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12338434", "title": "Apple sells 3m new iPads in first week", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc said it sold more than 3 million iPads during the debut weekend for the latest model of the market-leading tablet computer.The tally is a record for opening weekend iPad sales, Cupertino , California-based Apple said in a statement. AT&T; Inc said earlier today that it had also set a single-day record for iPad sales when it was made available on March 16.The iPad, first introduced in 2010, is Apple's second- biggest source of revenue, behind the iPhone. The new version features a high-definition screen and a faster processor. Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has said he thinks purchases of tablet computers such as the iPad will eventually surpass those of personal computers.Apple sold a record 15.4 million iPads in the fiscal first quarter, which ended December 31. The new device initially went on sale in the US, Australia, Canada , France, Germany, Japan, Puerto Rico , Singapore , Switzerland , the UK, US Virgin Islands and Hong Kong . On March 23, it goes on sale in 24 additional countries.The iPad sales figure is Apple's second major announcement today. The world's most valuable company said earlier it will use some of its $97.6 billion in cash and investments to institute a dividend and begin buying back $10 billion worth of shares.Apple rose 2.7 per cent to a record $601.10 at the close in New York . The shares have surged 48 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336415", "title": "Weather changes, dust causing outbreak of respiratory diseases", "text": "VARANASI: With most parts of the city choking in dust from dug up roads that are still waiting to be constructed and repaired, the threat of respiratory diseases has started looming large. Weather change is also adding to the woes.\"Such conditions cause rise of allergic bronchitis which affects people of all age groups, especially young children. The dust particles along with air pollutants from vehicles even cause asthma. If preventive measures are not taken, the chance of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) could not be ruled out,\" said Prof SC Matah, department of chest (TB and respiratory diseases), Banaras Hindu University .He also indicated that the OPD of the department has also started to witness large number of patients of respiratory diseases, especially after Holi.As per reports of OPD, an increase of 20% in the turnout of patients has been reported in the week after the festivity and the number has continued to rise since then. The reports also indicate that a daily turnout of over 120 patients, mostly suffering from allergic asthma and bronchitis, is being witnessed at the OPD of the department. In the week before Holi, the average turnout of patients at the OPD was 100.According to Dr JK Samaria, secretary, Indian Chest Society and senior chest consultant in the department, the particles sized between 5-10 microns are usually filtered by our nostrils and the throat, leading to allergy and infection. But, particulate matter of lower size (2-5 microns), also known as respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM), are most harmful as they directly enter the lungs and aggravate lung diseases. \"The dust particles definitely aggravate allergic conditions including allergic bronchitis and asthama, but the long term impact of other allergens like suspended particulate matter (SPM) and respirable SPM coming out from other sources even threaten COPD, if exposed for longer period,\" he added.If the reports of chest consultants are to be believed, these particles also harm pregnant women and their foetus. Patients should try to either remain indoors or use breathing mask if available. Even, they aggravate the conditions of patients with mental disease (controlled on medication).It may be mentioned here that even the World Health Organisation (WHO) reports indicate rise of air pollutants and allergens aggravating respiratory diseases, with the quality of respirable air found to be between five to eight times lower than the norms after the festivity.Meanwhile, the denizens are also not likely to get a respite from weather conditions that has witnessed the return of windy and dusty conditions after a short spell of overcast conditions. The low humidity and windy conditions are likely to prevail for some more days and there are no signs of western disturbances casting shadows over east UP region soon. \"The mercury may continue to rise but the windy conditions will prevail in the region,\" said SN Pandey, weather scientist, BHU on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336017", "title": "State hires Supreme Court advocate for defence of 'tainted' ministers, babus", "text": "HYDERABAD: At a cabinet meeting which saw several ministers take on chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on the issue of the ACB raids on the liquor syndicate, the state government on Monday decided to defend the six ministers and eight IAS officers who were issued notices by the Supreme Court in the Jagan assets case.The cabinet, which met here on Monday evening, discussed the issue at length and finally decided to hire top legal experts from the Supreme Court to assist the ministers and babus in giving replies to the notices. The expenses for the same is to be borne by the state government. The name of senior SC advocate Altaf Ahmad was finalised and a team of legal experts from the state will assist him in the case. The cabinet also decided to spell out the government's stand as a reply to the notices. Sources said the decision was taken due to the pressure from the ministers and the IAS officers on the state to take care of the legal expenses.But earlier, heated arguments took place between several ministers on the one side and Kiran Kumar Reddy on the other. According to sources, PCC chief and transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana, supported by fellow ministers Mopidevi Venkata Ramana and Vatti vasant Kumar, wanted to know why were ACB raids ordered in the other districts after irregularities surfaced in Khammam district. \"Are you targeting anybody? Are you trying to demoralise the Congress cadres,\" Botsa is said to have asked. The PCC chief further wanted to know why was the ACB ordered to conduct raids when the excise department has its own vigilance wing. The CM, the sources said, did not respond to Botsa's charges, except saying that he would ensure that innocent traders are not harassed by the ACB.The cabinet raised concern over the power crisis in the state. The chief minister came out with a suggestion to encourage generation of non-conventional energy such as wind and solar. The cabinet decided to appoint a cabinet sub-committee to look into the measures to be taken to encourage more power generation through non-conventional energy sources.The cabinet formally cleared the bill to increase Value Added Tax from 4 to 5% on about 3,000 commodities. The bill will be placed before the Assembly in a couple of days. Several ministers raised their concern over the VAT increase on sugar and textiles and conveyed to the cabinet the opposition from the farmers, millers and textile traders. The cabinet decided to hold a series of meetings with the trade representatives to see whether the government could provide some relief on VAT front.In other decisions, the cabinet allotted 19 acres of land to Asmitha Biotech company owned by former minister JC Diwakar Reddy in Anantpur district. It also cleared allotment of 5 acres in Kanekal mandal in Ananthpur district for civil supplies department as well as gave its nod to set up seed purification factory at Orvakal village in Kurnool district. The cabinet also decided to set up a JNTU at Singur in Medak district.The name of senior SC advocate Altaf Ahmad was finalised and it was decided that a team of legal experts from the state will assist him in his job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12337035", "title": "28-yr-old prison inmate attempts suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 28-year-old inmate of Coimbatore Central Prison attempted suicide by cutting his left hand on Sunday, because the prison ward refused to give him a beedi. Officials foiled his suicide attempt and he has been admitted in Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).M Kabali alias Ilamurugan, hailing from Sasthiri Street at Rathinapuri, has been behind bars since December 29, 2011 in connection with two robbery cases at Saibaba Colony and Thudiyalur respectively. On Sunday evening, he was lodged in cell number five in the first block, when he demanded a beedi from a prison warder. When his request was refused, Kabali took a sharp plate and cut his left hand. As his hand bled profusely, he threatened to commit suicide. He was rushed to CMCH and admitted at the prisoner's ward.Prison authorities lodged a complaint against Kabali at the Race Course police station. Police have registered a case against him under section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of Indian Penal Code.According to prison officials, Kabali has been arrested and lodged in Coimbatore central prison at least 20 times. He regularly picks up quarrels with other prisoners. \"Whenever we try to arrest him, he used to hold a knife to his neck and threatens to stab himself. He is a rowdy and is drunk all the time. He has been implicated in at least 20 robbery cases in and around Coimbatore,\" said a police officer.On 5 April, 2011, police had reported a clash involving Balaji, a sex racketeer and notorious gangster, and Kabali at the Coimbatore central prison. Kabali had asked Balaji for Rs 10,000 cash while they were waiting in the queue for breakfast in the prison complex. When Balaji sought two days time, Kabali reportedly beat him up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338989", "title": "Farhan and Ritesh hit a six", "text": "The friends quash rumours of a fallout by planning to launch half a dozen projects over the next ten months, under their banner Excel EntertainmentContrary to reports that have been doing the rounds for a while now, we can tell you that all is indeed well between Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Siddhwani. Proof: the duo's production house Excel Entertainment is putting out not one but six films on floors in the next ten months. And if rumours are to be believed, the both of them are also putting their money where their mouth is: apparently, a whopping Rs 300 crore is being invested in these films.When contacted Ritesh confirmed the story.The six projects are: One, Zoya Akhtar's next after Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara that would go on floors by end December 2012 with Zoya working on the script that would be ready in the next four months. Two, Excel is almost done with the the Aamir Khan-Kareena Kapoor-Rani Mukerji starrer Talaash with Reema Kagti already planning her next film, jointly written by her and Zoya.Three, Farhan's next after Don 2 that would go on floors in early 2013 where he plans to translate the idea he has in mind into a script during breaks from the shoot of Bhaag Milkha Bhaag. Four, Rock On 2! whose script Abhishek Kapoor has completed and has started working on it's screenplay along with Pubali who wrote Rock On! Five, a story given by Abhinay Deo of Delhi Belly fame to Farhan and Ritesh which they have approved.Apparently, this film, which is about two buddies, will have two stars in the lead. Six, a script by a new writer-director which has been approved however Farhan and Ritesh are keeping the new guy under wraps and plan to make an official announcement soon.The source told Mirror, \"Farhan and Ritesh are very much on the same page. The Excel Entertainment office at Khar is buzzing with activity. Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara and Don 2 have both done well. Farhan and Ritesh are very excited about their next film Talaash as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336985", "title": "Camps resort to power play", "text": "Till the other day, embattled former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's attempts to make a comeback weren't going anywhere with not many MLAs ready to back him.But over the past few days, he has managed to win back the support of as many as 67 MLAs (including ministers) who are rallying behind him and expressing \"full faith and confidence\" in his leadership and seeking his reinstatement as CM.So, what did the trick? The reasons are many but quite predominantly it's the caste factor. Yeddyurappa played the caste card to perfection by bringing all Lingayat MPs and legislators under one umbrella and portraying it as the prestigious battle between the Lingayats and Vokkaligas (chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is a Bunt Vokkaliga).Even non-Lingayat MLAs, who didn't heed his tantrums earlier, were forced to fall in line as they feared a community backlash in their constituencies. \"The Lingayat community still sees Yeddyurappa as its undisputed leader. We know what happened when former CM HD Kumaraswamy failed to keep his promise to make him the CM under the 20:20 JD (S)-BJP coalition government in 2007,'' a senior MLA identified with Yeddyurappa camp pointed out.\"Undoubtedly, he is the face of the party mainly because of his popularity in the community and his ability to mobilize funds for us to fight the next elections . Without his leadership, the party cannot win more than 50 seats,'' another MLA added.Another factor that has aggrieved Yeddyurappa and his supporters is the way the BJP national leaders are dealing with him. \"Senior leaders have backtracked on their promise of making him the CM despite the court quashing corruption charges he is facing in the Lokayukta courts. They're not even prepared to listen to him. Is it the way you treat a person, who single-handedly brought BJP to power in Karnataka?'' asked Yeddyurappa's elder son and Shimoga MP BY Raghavendra.What has annoyed MLAs supporting Yeddyurappa is the CM's perceived indifference to their plea for funds to take up development works in their constituencies . \"We were not keen on early elections. All this while we hoped Gowda would give us adequate funds in the upcoming budget to take up development activities in our constituencies ahead of the 2013 elections. But he seems to be in no mood to help us. He is yielding to the pressure tactics of K S Eshwarappa and MLAs from the coastal belt. How can he do this to us when he knows that he was made the CM at the behest of Yeddyurappa ?'' another BJP MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "12336181", "title": "Arlekar unanimously elected speaker", "text": "PORVORIM: With no other nomination filed for the post of speaker, BJP MLA Rajendra Arlekar was unanimously elected to the position on Monday. The new speaker promised to uphold democratic principles. Earlier all the newly-elected MLAs took oath of office. English was the preferred language as 18 MLAs chose this language to take oath in, while 14 took the oath in Marathi and seven in Konkani. This is also the first assembly session under the new BJP government which won the March 3 assembly elections in Goa.Arlekar became the 14th speaker of the Goa legislative assembly after the state's liberation. His election was certain even as till noon on Sunday (deadline for filing nominations), his was the only nomination filed for the post of speaker. Arlekar was declared elected unanimously by speaker pro tem Mahadev Naik, BJP Shiroda MLA, who was appointed to the post by Goa governor K Sankaranarayanan recently. After the declaration, chief minister Manohar Parrikar and opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane escorted Arlekar to the speaker's seat.\"I may disagree with what you say, but I'll defend to the death your right to say it,\" said the new speaker Arlekar, quoting French philosopher Voltaire, to convey his commitment of upholding the democratic tenets of the house and the country. Arlekar reminded members that they are in the house because of the mandate given to them by the people and that they must fulfill it. \"The people of Goa are looking at us. It is the responsibility of not only the ruling side, but also of the opposition to fulfil their expectations,\" Arlekar said.The new speaker said that almost 50% of the members of the new assembly are first-time MLAs. In view of their inexperience, Arlekar said he would try to hold training and re-orientation programmes so all MLAs could benefit. \"I seek your co-operation. We must extend a hand of friendship to one another and move forward,\" Arlekar said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar was the first to take the oath of office. Speaking in Konkani, Parrikar swore that \"having been elected a member of the legislative assembly of the state of Goa, I do swear in the name of God that I will solemnly affirm, bear true faith and allegiance to the Constitution of India as by law established, that I will uphold the sovereignty and integrity of India and that I will faithfully discharge the duty upon which I am about to enter\".Eighteen MLAs took the oath in English, 14 took the oath in Marathi and seven in Konkani. Goa governor K Sankaranarayanan is scheduled to address the Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday while chief minister Parrikar will present the budget to the assembly on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336079", "title": "Is NVS Reddy qualified to head metro rail?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The controversy over route alignment has already placed a legal hurdle in the path of the city's metro rail project. Now, civil society members are planning to move court challenging the legality behind the appointment of the managing director of Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL).After dragging HMRL to court for unilaterally changing the alignment of the metro rail corridor III (between Nagole and Shilparamam), the Greenlands, Ameerpet, Madhuranagar, Yousufguda and Sri Krishna Nagar Joint Action Committee (GAMYS-JAC) is now questioning the legitimacy of NVS Reddy's appointment as HMRL managing director.The high court has passed a stay order on work along the said stretch in a clutch of petitions filed by GAMYS-JAC and 20 individual traders but the civil society group is contemplating going a step further and filing a fresh petition seeking NVS Reddy's removal. \"Going by records, NVS Reddy's appointment as the managing director of HMRL is erroneous. Metro Rail is a mass transit system wherein public safety is an imperative. When the very head of such a project has questionable credentials, his appointment must be challenged,\" said AN Shankar, spokesperson for GAMYS-JAC.The court has already made a note of serious lapses in the enactment of the law governing the project; now, the JAC is planning to dig deeper to unearth procedural irregularities in the appointment of the managing director. In its interim order, high court has said that: \"There is a serious lacuna in the very launching of the project, under the AP Tramways Act, although it is almost a full-fledged railway.\"Referring to a shady deal which saw the project falling into the hands of the disgraced property developer Maytas, the court averred: \"The metro rail (contract) was initially granted in favour of an agency, keeping the entire project away from public scrutiny. Since its decision turned out to be wrong, it ought to have been careful and followed the procedure prescribed under the relevant provisions of law.\"While the Detailed Project Report (DPR) prepared by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd for the Hyderabad Metro Rail project prescribes a technocrat for the MD's post, NVS Reddy hails from an accounts background.The DPR states that: \"For the successful implementation of Hyderabad Metro project, it is essential that the managing director of HMRL should be carefully chosen. The managing director should be a technocrat of proven record and impeccable integrity.\"NVS Reddy is from the Indian Railway Accounts Service (IRAS) and has had no prior technical experience.NVS Reddy came on deputation from the railway ministry to join AP Transco subsidiary APNPDCL as its executive director (finance), in July 2002. Later, he was posted as additional commissioner (in MCH) and project director of MMTS, in December 2003.NVS Reddy was made HMRL managing director in April 2007 and, following his request, was permanently absorbed into state government service in January 2009. He will continue in the position till his superannuation in 2016. NVS Reddy was behind the planning and execution of the flyovers project for Hyderabad and also played a pivotal role in realising the city's metro rail project on PPP basis. Given these credentials, according to records, the state government considered his case for permanent absorption.The records further state that NVS Reddy gave up a higher managerial career with Central government to take up the HMRL assignment. The state government approved a salary for him as applicable to an officer belonging to chief engineer cadre and fixed a lump sum payment for him without annual increments and promotional avenues to which he would have been otherwise entitled.Civil society members are, however, crying foul saying that his appointment compromised the specifications and safety measures mentioned in the DPR. \"NVS Reddy's contradictory statements on alignment and S-curves of the metro lines testify to his lack of technical knowledge. We feel that public safety is at stake here and will bring the technicalities of the issue to the court's notice,\" said Shankar.While in other cities, including Bangalore, the Metro rail project is headed by an IAS officer , experts said that anybody could be entrusted with the job even if the person lacked technical knowledge as long as authorities were satisfied about the appointment. \"It is always better to follow the specifications and recommendations made by the DPR, but I don't think it is mandatory that a technocrat must be the managing director of a metro project,\" said MN Srihari, traffic advisor to the government of Karnataka who took an active part in the Bangalore Metro project.The department of municipal administration and urban development defended NVS Reddy's appointment saying that it was a well thought out decision. \"It was the government's decision, made after taking various factors into consideration. I don't think there is any irregularity in it,\" said Busi Sam Bob, principal secretary.When contacted, NVS Reddy declined to comment but said that he was with the project due to his passion. \"I don't have any vested interest,\" NVS Reddy clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337498", "title": "Don't try to contact us on Facebook, says ULFA", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Paresh Baruah-led Ulfa faction on Monday cautioned all its well-wishers and sympathizers not to use social networking site Facebook to communicate with their militants. In an email statement released by the faction, Ulfa central publicity wing member Joy Asom clarified that Ulfa members never had a Facebook account and the existing account of its commander-in-chief is fake.The email statement alleged: \"One Bikash Kumar Das of Bangalore is running a fake Facebook account in the name of Ulfa chief Paresh Baruah. He identifies himself as a retired Indian Air Force personnel, but our sources say he is from the intelligence department of the government of India.\"The hardliners said that Bikash claimed to be in close contact with Ulfa. \"He says he can help someone join the outfit. In this way he is trying to identify our sympathizers. That's why we want to announce that no Ulfa member has a Facebook account and netizens should abstain from contacting any such account,\" said Joy Asom.According to the Ulfa hardliners, opening a Facebook account is strictly prohibited and 'unconstitutional' for the members of the outfit. Joy Asom said that none of the cadres including its commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah alias Paresh Asom has an account on any such social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12336229", "title": "Orlim priest seeks police protection", "text": "MARGAO: The parish priest of Orlim, Fr Estaquio Abreaus, has sought police protection to him and the Orlim church in view of some incidents that could be viewed as security threats.Detailing the incidents, sources informed that in his letter to the South Goa SP, the priest stated that in the wee hours of March 18, there was a loud knock at the back door of his parochial home at Orlim, near the Church. The sources said \"he (Fr Abreaus) woke up, waited and heard another knock, after which all was silent.\"\"On March 18 just after dinner, he heard a sound on the roof of the house and footsteps on the roof. He called the Orlim police outpost but there was no response. He then called out to the neighbours, who came immediately and found out that some of the roof tiles were shifted,\" the source added.Following the complaint, the Colva police visited the site and took stock of the situation.Abreaus has also written to the local MLA regarding the incident, it is learnt.The incident comes after the complaint made by the Fabrica of Orlim with the local panchayat against a builder for allegedly encroaching on its property.Recently, the panchayat had conducted a site inspection and pulled up the builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335035", "title": "Delhi's braveheart couple hunt down robbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 50-year-old woman displayed exemplary courage and tenacity to hunt down four youths who waylaid and robbed her when she was returning home in an auto from Old Delhi station.Asha Lal spent several days and hours scouring the railway station, painstakingly sifting through hundreds of faces in the crowd to track down the gang members. She had her husband by her side to help her in the mission. They had approached police, but without much success. So, the couple decided to play cop, undeterred by the daily rigour. And then on Sunday afternoon, Asha suddenly spotted the men outside the station, trying to lure passengers.Their faces were still etched in her mind. Asha was swift off the blocks, lunging at one of the goons and grabbing him by the collar. \"I held on to the man, even as he tried to wriggle free,\" she said. Her husband, who is an Inspector in the President's security, swung into action to nab the rest with help from a PCR van. It was mission accomplished.\"We had even met the police commissioner. But the cops were unmoved. They lodged a case of theft, not robbery, even though we lost Rs 5,000 and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh. It was then that we decided to nab the robbers on our own,\" said Lal.On March 7, Asha was returning from Haryana after attending her niece's wedding and reached the station with her grand daughter. She hired an auto to go to her Mansarover Park home. On the way, three others sought a lift and the driver shockingly obliged. It was all according to a plan. And when the auto reached Iron Bridge near Shashtri Park area, the driver slammed on the brakes. \"One of the men threatened my wife, while the others rummaged through the bag. They took away all the cash and jewellery. Then they dumped my wife on the road and sped away in the auto,\" said Lal. A week later, the auto-gang was busted by the couple even as police claimed they were investigating the case.The four accused are Bablu, Sonu, Ramesh and auto driver Imran. They belong to Seelampur and had committed several crimes using the same modus operandi. The auto was found registered in the name of a man from Shalimar Bagh, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335843", "title": "Number of families owning a car doubles in 10 years in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu has seen an increase of 95.5% in the number of cars on the roads in the last decade. The Census 2011 figures reveal that 4.3% of the 1.84 crore households own cars in the state compared to 2001 when 2.2% of the 1.41 crore households had cars. In absolute terms, 7.95 lakh households own cars now compared to 3.08 lakh in 2001. There has been an increase of 30.47% in households which possess cars.There has also been an increase in the number of two-wheelers by more than 100% in the last decade and the dependance on public transport like buses and trains has declined by 32.8% compared to 2001. Whereas in 2001, 51.8% of the households used public transport, in 2011 only 39% used public transport. In urban areas, the number of households using cars has gone up when compared to 2001. There has been an increase of 86.48% in the number of households owning cars in urban areas but in rural areas the increase is only 63.6%.As for two-wheelers, in 2001 only 16.1% of the households had them but the number doubled in 2011 with 32.3% of the households owning motorbikes or scooters. In 2001, 3.10 lakh households owned two-wheelers and in 2011 the number shot up to 59.43 lakh. There has been an increase of 138% in the number of households in rural areas which own two-wheelers. In 2001, 10.7% of the rural households owned two-wheelers but in 2011 the percentage rose to 25.5%. The corresponding figures for urban areas stand at 68.22%.Nationally, Tamil Nadu ranks 14 when it comes to the number of households owning cars, far behind even Kerala which stands fourth. Tamil Nadu comes sixth when it comes to two-wheelers, behind Goa, Gujarat and Punjab.Experts say the change in pattern of households on the use of transport could be ascribed to growing income and also the government or the public authority not keeping pace with growing population and economic growth. \"With the increase in income of households, they prefer luxury and go in for cars or two-wheelers. Another reason is that there is no corresponding increase in the quality and capacity of public transport. There are two main reasons for decline in the percentage of households using public transport,\" says G Shreya of the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy, an NGO dealing with transport.Nearly 45.2% of the households surveyed also own the humble bicycle in the state, which stands eighth after Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337138", "title": "Hacker 'KhantastiC' attacks government websites", "text": "JAIPUR: Individual and corporate internet users in Rajasthan, beware. You might lose all your data as Pakistan hackers are on the prowl. They attacked and defaced 31 government websites this year exposing the poor handling capacity of web servers by state government.KhantastiC, a hacker who claimed to be a part of Pakistan Net Army (PNA) reported on 'zone-h.net' the number of 'Rajasthan.gov.in' domain named websites hacked by him since January 16, 2012.It is estimated that over 70% of government websites are vulnerable to cyber attacks as they were never audited by any competent agency. Another striking feature is that the main domain Rajasthan.gov.in was attacked four times since 2004.Pakistani hackers have uploaded a 'shell' on the vulnerable website to penetrate into the web server in order to extract information from the source. Ironically this vulnerability was already reported by Jaipur-based cyber crime expert Mukesh Chaudhary in the first week of January.Senior government officials added that no action was taken on the report as the government failed to find out a capable agency person who could correct it. \"It's tough to track down new-age hackers as they connect to Virtual Private Network of countries which do not record IP logs (tracking the user). It leaves users with no choice but to frequently change web security standards,\" added Chaudhary.Rajasthan-based experts feel the scenario is very bad in the state. Most of the government and small and medium companies have failed the international standards for web security, not because the procedures are expensive, but because they are apathetic to go for certification.Himanshu Tiwari, president of NGO 'Cyber Suraksha' explained the modus operandi. He says, \"Hackers write codes to exploit a particular type of vulnerability. These programs called robots, continuously crawl over the internet.\" He adds that even advance Google search options are used to find such sites on the Internet. This also explains why institutes or websites which are not so famous also get hacked.It is not necessary that the motive behind hacking is to steal data. Sometimes the hackers do it for fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335652", "title": "40% teachers playing truant from GSHSEB assessment work", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Review of assessment work of SSC and HSC science and general stream answer papers by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials confirmed their worst fears - a good 40% teachers had not reported for assessment work.GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said that review carried out in central assessment centers all over the state on Monday revealed that only 60% teachers had reported for assessment duty, while 40% had failed to report to the centers and check answer sheets.Review also revealed that most of the teachers who were assigned assessment work but failed to report had left the schools in which they were working earlier. The principals conceded that they could not help the situation as the teachers had left the jobs and joined elsewhere.Meanwhile, board officials have warned schools to send teachers for assessment work with immediate effect or else face action. \"Schools have been asked to send teachers for assessment work or face action. This may also include cancellation of school's recognition,\" said a board official.In the assessment work, which started from March 14, less than 50% teachers had reported. Officials were hoping that March 19 would see teachers turning up in huge numbers after the board exams were completed. Hopes however were dashed despite attempts made by the board to ensure cent per cent attendance.This year, the board had sought data of the teachers for assessment work way back in December. On the basis of data sent by schools, detailed orders to schools asking their teachers to remain present for the assessment work were issued. Many schools complained that they do not have requisite number of teachers to be spared for the paper checking duty.However, in March, 7,000 teachers were recruited in government primary schools. Board officials say that there is a possibility that many higher secondary teachers in grant-in-aid and non grant-in-aid schools have left and joined these government jobs.\"There is a possibility of action against 25-odd schools for not recruiting adequate staff as per rules and regulations,\" a board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12336122", "title": "5,000 register at Bareilly employment exchange", "text": "BAREILLY: With thousands of youngsters turning up for registration at the employment exchanges everyday for the unemployment allowance, officials at the exchange in Bareilly are battling 'overload' of registration work. On Sunday, around 2,700 registrations were done and nearly 3,100 youngsters were given with registration forms. On Monday, the employment exchange officials registered around 5,000 youngsters whereas as many as 11000 unemployed youngsters were provided registration forms, including 5500 girls. The officials made provisions of issuing date in order to avoid chaos on the premises.In this regard, assistant employment officer, Chandrachoon Dubey said, \"The announcement for employment allowance by the SP has brought employment exchanges to limelight, as these used to bear deserted look earlier. This time, we're overloaded with registration work. Sudden interest among the youngsters, especially girls, for registration has made it difficult for us to manage as everyone wants his/her registration done on priority basis. For this, we've requested the administration to deploy women police to control the girls as day before yesterday, some of them barged into the office and snatched the forms.\"Another official, who has been deployed to distribute the forms, said, \"The crowd flocking in is exceptional and the number of people on the small premises has been surging with each passing minute.\"At many places, police had to use force on Sunday to control long queues of the applicants. Around 11,000 youngsters, who had swarmed the employment exchange office for registration, created ruckus after delay in distribution of forms on Monday.They caused a heavy traffic jam on the station road and police had to use force to manage the irate boys and girls. Due to this backdrop and in order to facilitate the girls, the district administration has planned to set up separate registration counters for them at Urban Haat, Bareilly.DM Subhash Chand Sharma, said, \"We've directed the regional employment officer on the issue and nearly eight new counters shall start functioning for registration in the employment exchange office.\"Sheetal Sinha, who is pursuing post graduation diploma, says, \"I want to avail this opportunity as Rs 12,000 is not a small amount for me. This can reduce some burden of my family. Moreover, I can easily use this money to fill forms for various competitive examinations or can deposit my post-graduation fees.\" Besides this, the new CM should also pay focus on generating means of employment and employment opportunities, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335129", "title": "HC: Follow DCR rules in Aarey no-development zone", "text": "Mumbai: Developer Royal Palms' sprawling project in Aarey Colony has come under the scanner of the Bombay high court. Declining to stay the sale of over 3.25 lakh sq ft of office space, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi directed the BMC, state government and developer to strictly follow the development control regulations (DCR) in the no-development zone.The court was hearing an application filed by activist Rajendra Thacker, objecting to Royal Palms' plan to sell 6,000 sq m of land with sanctioned construction rights in the form of floor space index of 3.35 lakh square feet for setting up IT infrastructure for Rs 85 crore. The judges asked Thacker to file a separate petition if he had grievances in the Royal Palms' case.Advocate Sumedha Rao told the high court that Royal Palms may go ahead with the sale and create third party rights. \"It will be at their own risk,\" remarked the judges.The land, spread over around 240 acres, is located in Marol-Maroshi and falls in the no-development zone. Over 73,000 sq m of this plot was covered with slums. According to the BMC, it had left out the slum land and allowed development by dividing the area into a tourism development zone (TDZ) and no-development zone (NDZ). Plans for three hotels were permitted in the TDZ area, while 14 IT buildings and 78 residential buildings, including 50 bungalows, were approved in the NDZ area.Assistant government pleader G W Mattos told the court that even in an NDZ area, some relaxations are permitted. This allows 20% of the total FSI to be used for constructing IT parks and residences. Setting up tourism infrastructure is also allowed.Advocate Rao claimed that the proposed sale was in violation of rules. The lawyer representing Royal Palms denied the allegations and said that all rules were complied with.The HC bench declined to stay the sale of the over 3.25 lakh sq ft of office space at Marol-Maroshi by developer Royal Palms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337164", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority likely to reconsider proposal for 'cycle track'", "text": "JAIPUR: The city's first model road proposed on Bhawani Singh Road might see alteration in its design as the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) engineering wing is planning to drop the 'cycle track' - one of the most special features on this road.After creating much hype on construction of a dedicated cycle track for the first time in the city, the JDA is now reconsidering it as this will cover a lot of space.According to senior officials, seeing the existing traffic condition, the road requires at least six lanes. However, the cycle track was proposed after four lanes which can create congestion in future. \"We are planning not to construct a dedicated cycle track as it might create congestion. The proposal will be tabled in public works committee (PWC) meeting for approval.\"A cycle track of 1.5 metre was proposed on the 100-feet wide road connecting Indira Circle to Rambagh Circle. This was to include a footpath, footpath green buffer zone, and foot overbridge. An official claimed, \"The cyclists on this road will be given due consideration and a lane will be marked for them like it was done during the Commonwealth Games (CWG) in Delhi.\"Similarly, the JDA has already made few alterations on this road. To help pedestrians cross the road, the JDA has proposed to install elevator at foot overbridge (FoB) near Rajendra Marg junction where the authorities were earlier planning to install an elevator. Chief engineer Lalit Sharma said, \"At this FoB, the elevator is more convenient as it will not cover the footpath space.According to officials, the estimated cost of installing the elevators and FoB is Rs 2.5 crore and the work will be completed within four months after releasing the work orders. Officials also believe that since many elderly citizens come to the nearby hospital daily, the elevator will be more convenient as compared to escalators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335511", "title": "Cancellation of Abu Salem's extradition stayed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Portuguese Constitution court has stayed a judicial order cancelling extradition of gangster Abu Salem to India, the Union government informed the Supreme Court on Monday.The Indian government had moved the Constitution court, the final adjudicating authority, after the Portuguese High Court and Supreme Court concurrently held that the November 2005 extradition of Salem was vitiated by the slapping of charges that could attract imposition of death penalty if the accused was found guilty.The two courts had held that while seeking extradition, India had promised under Rule of Speciality that it would not try Salem for any charge attracting death penalty or a sentence beyond 25 years imprisonment.Armed with the decision of the Portuguese Supreme Court annulling the extradition, Salem had moved the Supreme Court of India seeking quashing of Tada charges against him in the Mumbai blast case and murder charges in the case relating to killing of Pradeep Jain, both of which could attract death penalty.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar, which had stayed the trial in the blast case and the murder case in the last hearing, said it would like to refer the matter to a constitution bench for adjudication of the applicability of the Rule of Speciality as well as its play in the domestic jurisdiction.In addition, Justice Sathasivam said since he had already given a judgment on Rule of Speciality, he would prefer this issue to be heard by another bench.Appearing for attorney general G E Vahanvati, whose assistance was sought by the apex court, additional solicitor general Indira Jaising requested the court to defer a decision on this issue for the next hearing on April 23 as the AG could provide important suggestions to the court.Salem, who along with Dawood Ibrahim is a prime accused in the 1993 Mumbai serial blasts case, and his girlfriend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005 after a three-year-long legal process in Portugal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336207", "title": "Board adopts code to prevent usage of unfair means", "text": "LUCKNOW: Answer booklets of UP board class XII students will now carry a code. The initiative taken by UP Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad is to put a check on malpractices that take place during exams. When class XII students will appear in the exams, they will be asked to fill the code number of their answer book in a sheet which will be distributed by the invigilator.The board has taken this step to stop mass copying during the board exams. Explaining the modus operandi, a secondary education teacher said, \"In many centres, the answer booklets are exchanged. For example, student A takes the exam inside an examination centre, and after the exam gets over, his answer sheet is replaced. The changed answer sheet is written by someone else who has thorough knowledge of the subject, outside the examination centre.''Teachers are hopeful that such exchange of copies will no more take place as all answer books will carry a specific code (say 6745). But others are confident that cheating will flourish till education mafias exist. However, a board official, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"Coding will surely put an end to cheating. And next year, the coding will be introduced in class X also.''Not only this, the board has also brought in another change for class XII students. The board examinees who have opted for Hindi and Maths will now have to give only two papers instead of three. Earlier, there were three papers for Hindi subject - prose (30 marks), poetry (35 marks) and grammar (35 marks). Similarly in maths, there were three different papers.The board officials say that the idea is to have only one paper for all subjects, just the way it takes place in Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). \"The UP board is working on the CBSE pattern but it should realise that the students of both the boards are very different. Also, the UP board officials should first do the ground work and then imply the changes,'' said a teacher. To note, the UP board has introduced continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) in class X. The idea has been borrowed from the CBSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339915", "title": "Sonam Kapoor graces the Ghanta awards", "text": "Actress Sonam Kapoor sure is a sport. The actress was the sole star nominee of the second Ghanta awards who attended the awards ceremony held at the Comedy Store in Mumbai on Saturday. The Ghanta Awards are a desi version of Hollywood's Razzies and celebrates and recognizes the worst in Bollywood .Sonam won the 'WTF Was That?!' award for her film \"Mausam\". The doe-eyed actress not only attended the awards ceremony but went onstage, gracefully accepted her award and even sportively posed with her Ghanta award.The actress' presence at the Ghantas won her admirers overnight. Celeb film critic and jury panel member of the Ghantas, Rajeev Masand, tweeted, \"Sonam Kapoor turned up for the Ghantas? What a sport! Respect.\" Ace photographer Atul Kasbekar who attended the awards ceremony, too was all praises of the actress and posted, \"And take a bow @sonamakapoor for attending the desi Razzies. #TheGhantas. Ur a gr8 sport n a class act.\" on the microblogging site. The nominees were decided by jury panel and the winners were decided by people via an online poll. Of awards given in 13 categories, Salman Khan won the Worst Actor Ghanta for \"Bodyguard\", Anees Bazmee won the Worst Director award and Nargis Fakhri won the Worst Breakthrough Ghanta for \"Rockstar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12335091", "title": "Fianc\u00e9 arrested for woman\u2019s suicide", "text": "Navi Mumbai: The Panvel police on Monday arrested Sachin Ramchandra Chavan (27) for the suicide of his fiancee Nilekha Joshi (26).Chavan has been booked for abetment of suicide and criminal intimidation.Early Sunday, Nilekha hanged herself using a dupatta in the kitchen of her Panvel residence, even as preparations were on for her wedding to Sachin the same day. According to the complaint filed by Nilekha's parents, Sachin had had a bitter argument with Nilekha over sharing the expenses for the wedding hall, which amounted to around Rs 1 lakh. On the eve of the wedding, the accused had reportedly admonished his would-be bride on the issue.The Panvel police said that the accused had also threatened the deceased that he would get even with her after marriage. Later that night, Sachin called up Nilekha to express his anger. All this acrimony on the eve of her wedding reportedly made Nilekha very tense, leading to her suicide, her parents' statement says.\"The suicide is sad because it was supposed to be a love marriage Nerul,\" a local remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338949", "title": "More erotica in sequel?", "text": "If you thought that the love making scenes in Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster were sizzling, wait until you see the sequel.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Tigmanshu Dhulia has worked out a steamy sequence for Irrfan Khan and Soha Ali Khan who are all set to pair up in the sequel. According to reports, Irrfan will play a rival Zamindar (Jimmy Shergill played the zamindar in the previous film) with a wife played by Soha who insists on setting the haveli on fire.When contacted, Dhulia said. \"The film is about lost pride and bedroom politics. So yes, there are going to be some really serious love-making scenes. I can't divulge the details at the moment but I plan to take the sequel beyond the first film in every sense, and that includes the erotic content. Also Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster 2 would be shot on a higher budget with far better production values than the first. My producer Rahul Mittra is confident about the product. He will make sure that the sequel is more attractive.\"Interestingly Irrfan has a track-record of intimate sequences with his leading ladies. In Govinda Nihalani's Drishti, Irrfan had a prolonged love-making scene with Dimple Kapadia . He shot for similar scenes in Maqbool, The Namesake and Paan Singh Tomar. \"I guess that tradition started by me remains,\" laughs Irrfan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337264", "title": "Tech-savvy kids are some parents' pride", "text": "PUNE:When Sangeeta Mankar's fouryear-old son corrected her about her cellphone being a smartphone, she was not only taken aback, but also made a mental note of using the right term the next time.Some parents like her are awed by the tech-savviness of their children and, here's the surprise, even feel there is more good than bad in keeping pace with technology. They are not swayed by arguments like it isolates family members, or keeps children indoors or that it shortens the attention span and exposes them to online danger.Many like IT entrepreneur Sachin Dasgupta said technology is making inroads into daily conversations among adults and children. \"My four-year-old daughter Sarika plays games on the cellphone. One evening, her mother was angry with her and the moment I entered, Sarika whispered, 'Dad, don't talk. Mom's an 'angry bird' now, level three'. We burst out laughing,\" he said. Dasgupta's colleague Pawan Singh's three-year-old son loves playing games on the laptop. Singh says he uses it more than him or his wife. \"He is a genius with technical stuff. From handling the LED to operating the home theatre, he is a wizard. If he asks for a gadget, I'll get him one provided it is within my reach. Kids need to keep up,\" he said.Such liberty often makes children ask for gadgets.Rahul Shende (4) said he loved to play on his father's iPad. \"For my next birthday, he has promised me one,\" he said.His mother Rupam said there was no harm in children getting tech-savvy. \"I read a story on the internet about how a toddler called his grandma after his mother had a sudden blood sugar fall,\" she said. Not everyone agrees with doting parents.Kindergarten school teacher Janice Alva frets about the loss of innocence and childhood. \"The innocents seem happy with technology. Yes, they are becoming smarter, but they no longer socialise.They would rather play computer games than chase butterflies.They are growing up learning the SMS language. So their spellings are a mess,\" she said. Though her school has banned cellphones and other gadgets, they have to accommodate parents who request that their wards carry a cellphone as they can track them, she added. Stockists are now used to little ones deciding which new cellphone their parents will buy.Many young ones put them through queries like battery life, storage space, games and supporting applications, their parents blushing with wonder and pride.Ulhas Narang, a shop owner on M G Road, said children accompanying parents when cellphone-shopping is common. \"The kids are better informed. Recently, a lady with a fouryear-old son, wanted to buy a new instrument.I was showing her easy-tohandle models, but her son insisted on a high-end smartphone. And the lady bought it. But we know who is going to find more use for it,\" he said. A study done last year by a kids' channel, had startling figures. About 22% children access the internet daily and 67% play online games, while 51% download or listen to music online. Of all the gaming platforms, the cellphone is most commonly used by kids, with 50% children opting for it. It is followed by gaming consoles, preferred by 35% kids.Child psychologists warn about the pitfalls. \"Thanks to overuse of technology, kids are becoming introverted and lack social skills. They have forgotten to play with friends and they don't learn to share.Many end up with headaches, stomach pains and muscle aches induced by playing on gaming consoles and computers. Physical exercise is no longer an option,\" said child psychologist Swapnil Deshmukh. Another child psychologist, Natasha D'Cruz, said it was up to parents to make technology play a positive in their child's life. \"If parents use technology as a knowledge tool, it can simulate a child and help develop learning abilities. But, if parents use technology as just another medium to keep the child 'occupied', it would have an adverse effect. Parents are often too busy and they depend on these gadgets to keep the child occupied,\" she added.Guide your child all the wayPUNE: Online concerns for tweens and teens are not what they were two years ago as the threat landscape has changed dramatically now.To analyze the online behaviour and safety of Indian children, McAfee, a security solutions provider,commissioned a survey across 10 cities featuring 500 children and 496 parents which included a sample from Pune. The results of this study should that parents must pay attention to online safety of their children.McAfee official Anindita Mishra suggested how parents can safeguard children from cyber threats.\"Work as a team to set boundaries. Discuss with your child exactly what is OK regarding websites, chat rooms to visit, and what they can talk about there. Let your kids use only monitored chat rooms.Avoid \".alt\" chat rooms-they focus on alternative topics that may be inappropriate for kids,\"her statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336196", "title": "New assessment pattern shocks private students", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new pattern adopted by UP Board for class X has shocked private students. These students learnt about the new syllabus and the internal assessment method barely two weeks ago when they went to schools to collect their admit cards.\"It was a shock for me as no intimation had come from the Board earlier. Now that we have prepared according to the old pattern, we have learnt that 30 marks have been marked for projects and practical work,'' said Shruti, a student.There were no clear instructions from the Board in the beginning of the session. \"The Board itself is not clear of the entire process. This exercise is adding to the stress of students,'' said a teacher.The larger question is when only two days are left for the Board examinations, how would these students be marked? Citing an instance, a school principal said: \"The private students have been running all around to seek information after they have came to know about the internal assessment. The Board's aim to improve the quality of education takes a backseat.Instead, it has resulted in causing trouble to the students.'' And in the absence of proper channel to guide them, extortion racket is thriving. State secretary, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, RP Mishra said: \"There are students who called us up when our helpline was operational and complaint that they are being asked for money (Rs 600 and above) for one subject to get full marks in internal assessment. The matter has already been reported to the district inspector of schools.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336610", "title": "Land for Mihan fast track court soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday assured the state legislative assembly that the government would make alternative land available for setting up a fast track court for dealing with Mihan land acquisition dispute cases. The present one is located in Civil Lines.Moving a calling attention motion, Devendra Fadnavis ( BJP ) said that even though the fast track court had been set up three years ago not a single case had been heard by it. Fadnavis pointed out that Nagpur district and sessions judge had sent a communication to Mihan developer MADC on February 3 stressing that unless another location was provided for fast track court, the pendency would not reduce.The south-west Nagpur MLA demanded that the government should complete land acquisition for Mihan within a month. CM refused to give any assurance like that but said that government would consider the demand. The CM said, \"289 crore had already been sanctioned for land acquisition. About 145 hectares private land needs to be acquired for which 302 crore are needed.\"Chavan admitted that confidence building measures were needed for promoting Mihan. \"A meeting of MADC would be held on March 22. I will consider the steps for creating awareness about the project,\" he said while agreeing to Fadnavis' suggestion of holding road shows.When Fadnavis pointed out that in spite of his assurance, the yellow belt land issue had not been sorted out, the CM said he would again ask vice-chairman U P S Madan to act on the proposal. Chavan is unable to give a timeframe due to opposition to land acquisition by a handful of farmers who are led by a Congress corporator. All the land for Mihan has been acquired except that of Jaitala and Bhamti.The government increased the compensation to 1.5 crore per hectare but still some farmers are not ready to part with their land. The Jaitala and Bhamti land is required for construction of the second runway, vital for the Mihan project. So far the government has got consent from 33 individuals for acquisition of 46 hectares. About 100 remaining owners are still holding out.With the proposed cargo hub operational, the airport will need two runways to handle the traffic. At the same time the entire cargo hub can be set up only if Indian Air Force (IAF), which has its base near the airport, shifts to the new site offered by MADC. IAF too needs a runway close to the new site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337239", "title": "Decision on land proposals today", "text": "PUNE: The newly-formed PCMC committees will take decisions on two separate proposals about transfer of municipal land on Tuesday. Both the proposals were earlier turned down by the previous standing committee and the city improvements committee.The first proposal is about transfer of 18,308 sq m of land in Charholi to the Pune Housing and Area Development Board, a MHADA unit. The land, which is reserved for housing scheme for the economically weaker section (EWS), had been sought by the board for implementing a pilot project under the Rajiv Awas Yojana.The proposal, however, was rejected by the city improvements committee in December last year. The newly elected corporators will now take a decision on the proposal when they meet for the first time for the monthly general body meeting.R S Kumar, former chairman of CIC said, \"Our committee has recommended to the GB that the plot in Charholi be utilised for EWS housing scheme and not be given to anyone else. The civic body has to construct 6,500 tenements under this scheme and it needs land for it.\"Another proposal of giving land, reserved for a primary school at Sangvi, on a lease for 99 years to Rashtriya Gramin Vikas Kendra, will come up for discussion. The previous standing committee had rejected the proposal.The first proposal is about transfer of 18,308 sq m of land in Charholi to the Pune Housing and Area Development Board, a MHADA unit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334755", "title": "MIC expresses displeasure over delay in BRTS works", "text": "BHOPAL: The Mayor-in-council (MIC) has expressed displeasure over the tardy progress of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor being developed in Bhopal for the last two years.In a meeting held here today, the MIC also gave nod to developmental activities.Expressing displeasure over the delay in the BRTS project, the MIC members said that the ongoing works have been creating traffic snarls in various parts of the city.\"We are very disappointed at the speed in which the BRTS works are in progress. We have apprised our concerns to Mayor Krishna Gaur and she has promised to get the works completed soon,\" BJP corporator and MIC member Asharam Sharma told TOI.The MIC also approved the revised version of the water distribution system under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM).The council also approved the revised estimates of Narmada water supply in the meeting.The meeting also cleared the proposal to lay a sewage line near All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) along with small channels on both sides of the roads. The council has sanctioned Rs 14 crore for the same.The council allotted Rs. 1 crore for the purchase of diesel and petrol for the vehicles maintained by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).The MIC also approved the proposal for developing phase II of the Jinsi slaughter house.The corporators also demanded regularization of daily wages employees by the end of this financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12336709", "title": "Teachers want further cuts in 'Gandhi Banda'", "text": "MANGALORE: H Nagaveni's 'Gandhi Banda', a non-detailed text prescribed by Mangalore University for third semester BA students from 2011-12 could be trimmed further. The novel penned by chief librarian of Kannada University, Hampi, has already been abridged from the original 365 pages to 190 pages before it was prescribed for UG students.But even the tightened version is \"seemingly\" too \"heavy\" to be taught and plans are to reduce it by further 30-40 pages.The underlying intent of the \"academic exercise\" is to remove certain controversial passages from the novel and cater to the sentiments of various stake holders. The issue came up for a detailed discussion at the Syndicate meeting of the university held on Friday. It was decided in the meeting to refer the matter to the board of studies in Kannada. The move is aimed at taking the author into confidence, and also to strive to reduce it further without affecting the basic characteristic of the novel.The Vishwavidyanilaya Kannada Adhyapakara Sangha had given a representation to the board of studies to further abridge the novel ostensibly for academic purposes. The syndicate, which took the representation in to consideration, did not take a final decision, but decided to allow the board to sort the issue out with Nagaveni.\"Either the author can reduce the text as done earlier or the board could do so and seek her approval,\" university sources said. Incidentally, the 12-year-old novel did not generate any controversy when it was made a textbook for post-graduate students of the university for two terms (six years). Kuvempu University had prescribed the book as textbook two years ago. The book is also taught in Gulbarga University. The novel touches upon inter-religious marriage, based on a true incident. Certain passages and language in the novel are deemed offending to certain communities.Vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that the issue figured in the Syndicate meeting. \"We will refer it to the board of studies,\" VC said.Author speaks Nagaveni, who in an earlier interview to TOI had opposed further cuts in the novel, said she was aware of the developments in the Syndicate meeting. \"I will take a call on the issue (of further cuts) as and when the board of studies contacts me on it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12339501", "title": "Two detained in connection with Adarsh scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI has detained two persons, including a retired Brigadier, in connection with its probe in the multi-crore Adarsh housing scam.The two have been identified as R C Thakur, a retired defence estates officer and Brigadier (retired) M M Wanchoo. They were picked up from their residences early this morning.Thakur's lawyer Saket Mone said that \"CBI officials came to his client's residence this morning and took him to their office.\"The two are amongst the 14 people accused by the CBI in the Adarsh housing scam, which cost Ashok Chavan his chief ministership.A CBI spokesperson neither confirmed nor denied the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336962", "title": "Tiny Divya waits for 5 hours for CM", "text": "It took five long hours of waiting in the scorching heat for seven-month-old Divya, a heart patient, and her parents, residents of Bapujinagar on Mysore Road, to get one chance to meet chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Monday morning.Kumar M, a welder, was waiting to meet Gowda from 7am to noon, so he could get financial assistance to save his daughter, who was born with a hole in her heart.But the CM was too busy fighting his own battles. Sitting safely in her dad's arms, the little one was oblivious to the world around her.Finally, when Gowda decided to step out and hear people's woes, it was noon. On seeing the CM emerging , the desperate father stood up and spoke to the CM. But Gowda had just five minutes for the hapless parents , who had spent five hours for him.He told the CM: \"My daughter turns blue whenever she sweats. When we took her to Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Science and Research, the doctors detected that she was born with a hole in her heart and requires a surgery. The doctors referred us to a private hospital for better treatment, which is estimated at Rs 1.65 lakh. We are very poor and cannot afford so much. I had heard of the CM's Janata Darshan and decided to wait to meet you.\"The CM asked Kumar to come with all the documents related to Divya's treatment and the estimate given by Jayadeva hospital, when the next Janata Darshan is scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335617", "title": "Three years on, still no CCTV camera on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: The recent incidences of crime on Gurgaon's premier road - MG Road - whether snatching, kidnapping or molestation, have only exposed how the administration is losing it out to the law-breakers for its slow execution of ambitious plans.The stretch was supposed to be one of the primary roads in the city to be covered under CCTV surveillance. But even three years after this announcement was made there is no sign of outdoor surveillance. In May 2008, the city police had announced this project through which the police would be able to watch public movement by hi-tech cameras installed all over, providing live coverage to the police. Moreover, they had claimed that in distress situations, one wouldn't have to call the police, only an SMS to a special number would be enough. The CCTV cameras were supposed to be installed at all entry and exit points. Then police commissioner had claimed the installation would start in only two weeks.But last week when the director general of police (DGP) R S Dalal was asked about the project progress, he said it would be operational only by June. \"Had there been this system in place Gurgaon would not have been shamed on New Year's Eve or this time. We are slow at implementation despite having enough funds,\" said a senior police officer. At present, the cost of the outdoor surveillance is approximately Rs 59 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336267", "title": "Encroachments in Civil Lines area removed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The demolition squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation removed illegal encroachments on the Lohia Marg in Civil Lines on Monday.The entire demolition squad comprising bulldozers, JCB machines, trucks reached the Lohia Marg during the afternoon. Many roadside kiosks that have cropped in the area were also removed during the operation.Giving information, AMC demolition squad member Piyush Mohale said about 17 roadside kiosks were demolished. Further, three big shops dealing in selling bamboos were also removed. About Rs.500 were also recovered from the erring shopkeepers during the demolition drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337059", "title": "VNSGU to hold music festival every year", "text": "SURAT: The two-day Pandit Omkarnath Shastriya Sangeet Samaroh, organized by Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) that concluded on Sunday, had the audience in a trance. The music festival started with Pandit Jasraj's rendition and ended with the dhrupad of Gundecha brothers.VNSGU vice-chancellor Daxesh Thakar said, \"We will organize this festival every year. Well-known exponents will be invited. This will help develop a taste for classical music among the people in the city. University's job is not only to teach different subjects to students. It must also see that they learn to appreciate all forms of art too as this increases sensitivity and builds up emotional bonding, essential for a healthy individual.\"State government will allocate Rs 1 crore on a yearly basis for organizing the festival. Ramesh Desai, a classical music lover, who attended the festival, said, \"It is a pity that VNSGU does not have a music, dance and drama department. Our university should pay attention to these fields of arts too. Music relates directly with people's heart.\"VNSGU had for the first time organized an Indian classical musical concert in which renowned artists performed. Almost all the music and literary institutions of the city took part in the festival, which was well attended for two days.\"We could see the keenness of the people to listen to Pandit Jasraj and Gundecha brothers at the university campus. This vibrancy must be continued if the university wants to scale new heights,\" said Mehul Dani, another music lover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336739", "title": "Ordnance Factory Day celebrated", "text": "KANPUR: To commemorate the foundation of the first Ordnance Factory in the country on March 18 in the year 1802 at Kolkata, 'Ordnance Factory Day-2012' was celebrated in Ordnance Equipment Factory with great enthusiasm.The celebration began with flag hoisting by Rajive Agarwal, General Manager/OEF. The function was marked by administering a pledge to all officers, staff and workmen to serve the nation. The general nanager in his address called upon all the employees of the factory to re-dedicate their services for the great cause of the factory by meeting the enhanced targets as fixed by the organisation.While congratulating one and all, he let the audience know about the future modernisation plan of the factory so as to enable the unit to double the production and desired all to move shoulder to shoulder in this mission. With the dedicated work-force of the factory, he expressed his confidence in achieving the organisational goal.An exhibition of OEF products and a multimedia presentation were also inaugurated by the GM on this occasion which were subsequently kept open for all the employees. The function was attended by officers, staff and workmen of OEF and her allied establishments and also representatives of various federations, unions and associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12336646", "title": "Rekha Oraon elated after title", "text": "GUMLA: The defence of Rekha Oraon from the Gumla district that won India the trophy without conceding a single goal in the West, South and Central Asia under-13 Girls' Football Tournament held in Sri Lanka from March 8-14.India beat Bhutan 13-0 in the final. The Indian girls first beat Philippines 9-0, then beat Jordan 7-0, Sri Lanka 7-0 and Iran 1-0 in the seven-day tournament. \"Our clash with Iran was the toughest but we put up a strong defence, foiling their moves,\" recalled Rekha, who was groomed at the Sports Authority of India (SAI) stadium at Gandhinagar in Gujarat during the two-month trail camp organised from January 8 to March 7. Rekha was assisted by Serin from Maharashtra and captain Kasmina from Manipur. A total of 85 girls from across the country were called for a trial camp there, and finally 18, including Shiwani Toppo and Manisha Tirkey from Irba, Ranchi, were selected.During the tournament, Rekha proved her mettle, earning praise from coaches Indu and Anita Chowdhary of West Bengal. At the camp, Chowdhary and Indu hailed her as a great talent. \"Our opponents often got hold of the midfield and tried hard to breach our defence but we denied them,\" she added.The tribal girl from the Telgaon village in Gumla was first trained at the district's Football Centre of SAI under coach Anita Beck, and also by Rizwan Ali. A class VIII student of St Patrick's High School in Gumla, Rekha's father is a farmer and her mother is a cop posted in Ranchi. Both are yet to believe that their daughter is now an international player, as her mother Mahadevi Devi revealed. As soon as she reached Gumla with a gold medal round her neck, she got a hero's welcome. Father R Vincent Miz, the principal of her school, gave her a Rs 10,000 cash reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339284", "title": "Budget pours water on fire brigade\u2019s dreams", "text": "The state budget came as a huge disappointment to the fire and rescue services department which had looked for a Rs 100-crore allocation. While the Rs 12 crore earmarked is an improvement over last year's allocation, it is too meagre to meet its requirements.Officials in the department said that though they had submitted a proposal for about Rs 100 crore to upgrade and modernise the department, the government only allotted a little over 10% of the amount.\"With this amount, we can't even procure two sky lifts. There are about 300 vehicles in the state that are aged more than seven years and need to be replaced,\" said a senior official in the department. \"There are over 100 fire and rescue stations across the state and if we divide the Rs 12 crore among each, we can't even buy any modern equipment,\" he said.The official also said that the governments, let it be the UDF or LDF, had not done anything to make the department efficient. \"The fire and rescue services department is doing a dedicated work during emergencies. What makes us sad is that we are remembered only during the time of emergencies,\" he said.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12336316", "title": "First day first matric show: Over 500 caught cheating", "text": "Cuttack: A total of 582 students were booked for malpractice on the first day of matriculation examination here, which started on Monday.Maximum cases of malpractice, 81, were reported from the Bhadrak district, followed by 76 cases in Jajpur while 50 students were booked in Mayurbhanj for cheating. The students were caught red-handed adopting unfair means during the exam by the flying squads formed by the board of secondary education. Examination for Odia paper was held on Monday.\"It is really unfortunate that on the first day of the exam, 582 students have been booked for malpractice. We had tried for some sensitization among the students so that they do not indulge in cheating and had issued strict warnings, but it seems the efforts have not yielded results,\" said Satyakam Mishra, president of the board. He said the students may be debarred from appearing in forthcoming papers.\"We want to send across a strong message to students that cheating will not be tolerated in any way. So we are contemplating debarring these students for three years,\" added Mishra.Along with the students, this time action will be initiated against examination centre superintendents and invigilators too. \"We have asked the circle inspectors to submit a detailed report and accordingly disciplinary action will be initiated against centre superintendents and invigilators, who will be found guilty of dereliction of duty or facilitating malpractices,\" said Mishra.Barring these instances, the board exams made a smooth beginning, as over 5.11 lakh students from across the state appeared for the exam at 2,362 examination centres. This includes over 4,56,981 regular students and 54,442 ex-regulars.The board has formed 114 squads, including 95 flying squads to tackle the menace of cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336382", "title": "Azam takes oath, four minister of state elevated", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader Mohammed Azam Khan took the oath of office and secrecy at a function organised at the Raj Bhawan on Sunday. Four other minister of state were elevated to hold independent charge and were also sworn in by governor BL Joshi.Azam had been sworn in as the cabinet minister along with othrs on March 15, but later it transpired that he had missed a portion of his oath of office and took oath of secrecy only. Hence it was decided that Azam will take the complete oath again on Sunday. In the meantime, the government decided to elevate the status of four ministers of state -- Arvind Singh Gope, Aruna Kori, Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar. Since all of these have been the independent charge, they, too, were sworn in again.Gope, who won from Ramanagar, has been credited with the wiping out the influence of SP chief 's friendturn-foe Beni Prasad Verma , from Barabanki. After he was made a minister of state, people of Barabanki reportedly wrote to the chief minister demanding Gope's elevation. This prompted the government to respect the people's sentiments, says a party worker.When the SP leadership was discussing the issue of elevating Gope's status as minister, some of the leaders suggested names of three others who subsequently got the clearance.Besides the above five, senior Congress leader Pramod Tewari, who won from Rampur Khan for the 10th consecutive time and Mitrasen Yadav, SP MLA from Bikapur, were sworn in as protem speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339028", "title": "Diganth comes to Pawan\u2019s rescue", "text": "By his own admission, when Diganth wrapped up Lifeu Ishtene six months ago, he didn't expect to work with its director, Pawan Kumar, any time soon.\"We had spoken of working with each other in the future, but I didn't think it'd happen this early,\" says Diganth, adding, \"Pawan is so talented and original in his ideas. That is exactly what Sandalwood needs. When I read about the difficulties Pawan was facing with the casting and funding for his next film Lucia, I felt bad that nobody wanted to support him.\"Pawan had approached several stars for the film before he signed on Diganth. \"I wish the industry was more receptive to new talent. Lucia is a good script and if I get to be part of it, I have no complaints about not being Pawan's first choice,\" says the actor.In a bid to support the director, Diganth will also take a cut in his remuneration. \"I am aware of the financial constraints of the project. When no producer came forward to fund it, Pawan sourced money through online appeal. It's a unique achievement for Sandalwood. We will ensure that our supporters don't feel cheated and will aim to repay with good returns,\" says Diganth.So why didn't Pawan think of approaching Diganth at the beginning? \"We have already worked on three films and I thought I should work with actors too. I am back to working with an actor with whom I share a great rapport,\" says Pawan.The director is also relieved that he doesn't have to work around a star image in his script. \"Diganth's fans are open to any role he plays. Our combination has worked perfectly in the past and I hope we have winner on our hands this time, too,\" says Pawan.More about Lucia...Being funded through an online pledge, Lucia will also be a platform for new talent that is being scouted for on social networking sites. \"We will be enlisting people for music direction, makeup, styling, cinematography, art direction, still photography and choreography from the promo videos they upload,\" says Pawan. - None of the investors are aware of the storyline or cast. They are Kannadigas who are scattered across the globe, including Paris , Australia, The Netherlands, UK and USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335953", "title": "'Quota for all Muslims untenable'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Samajwadi Party may have promised 18% reservation for Muslims in UP, but the same is not possible nationally. Speaking on the subject, vice-chancellor designate of Nalsar Prof Faizan Mustafa said here on Monday that while reservation based on religion is not unconstitutional, a blanket reservation for the entire Muslim community is not justified.At a seminar on 'Reservation for Muslims in India: A Step Towards Inclusive Development' held at Manuu, various speakers said that 80 per cent Muslims are already covered as backward class (BC) which was fine given that the remaining 20 per cent form the community's creamy layer.\"Since minorities are defined at the provincial level, the 18% reservation for Muslims on an all-India level is not possible. It is UP's reality, i.e. at the state level,\" said Prof Mustafa. While the Sachar Committee report adequately demonstrates the socio-economic status of SCs, STs and OBC and Muslims, it is not explicit on the issue of reservation. \"Reservation should not be given to the entire Muslim community as it could be challenged in courts,\" he said. However, he noted that reservation for Muslim will promote social justice and enable equality of status and opportunities.Former advisor to the state government P S Krishnan noted that 'two extreme positions' are taken on the issue of reservation for BCs from the Muslim community. One is that since Islam doesn't recognise caste, no Muslim should be given reservation, and the other is that all Muslims should be given reservation. As per the current BC calculation, the Muslim community accounts for 13.43 per cent of the total 27 per cent BCs. Christians account for 2.4% and Sikhs 2%.He further added that Islamic conquest of India came as a form of emancipation for the oppressed. Quoting Swami Vivekananda, he added, \"The Mohammedan conquest of India came as a salvation to the downtrodden, to the poor. That is why one-fifth of our population have become Mohammedans. It would be the height of madness to think it was all the work of sword and fire.\"Prof Mustafa, also the vice-chancellor of National Law University, Orissa, further added, \"Article 15 permits the state to decide which community is backward and it is the opinion of the state which is crucial in this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12336815", "title": "Notify RTE rules before budget, demand protesters", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of Dakshina Kannada District Federation of Education Resource Centres ( FERC ) demanded that rules for Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act should be notified before presenting the state budget.Addressing a protest in front of deputy commissioner's office here on Monday, the federation's district president Umesh Nirmal said that implementation of RTE Act was necessary to ensure free education to all children, especially those who belong to economically and socially backward sections.\"The act was passed by the Union government in 2010, but a situation of uncertainty has been created in the state as rules for RTE Act was not notified by the government yet. The Section 13 of the act mandates that institutes should not collect any type of capitation fees during admission to primary school.However, schools in the state have started admitting students to primary schools collecting capitation fees,\" he blamed.The government needs to allot Rs 20,000 crore for the implementation of the act. Hence, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda should take an appropriate decision before presenting the budget, Umesh urged. A memorandum was submitted to the chief minister through deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336120", "title": "Minister's son goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Son of a newly sworn in minister with independent charge Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar has gone missing in mysterious circumstances from an Ashram on UP-Uttarakhand border since Saturday. Though a massive manhunt has been launched by the police departments of the two states and extensive combing operations were under way, there were no reports of the missing youth, identified as Atul.Reports said Atul was staying at the Belagiri Ashram situated on the Najibabad-Kotdwara border since March 15. On March 17, he went for a walk leaving his belonging in the ashram and went missing ever since. Gangwar reached the ashram on Monday afternoon to take stock of the situation.He met the police officers of the region to review the search operation. Meanwhile, additional director general of police (Law &amp; Order and Crime) Subesh Kumar Singh said four separate teams had been formed to trace the missing person. \"We have sent a team to Haridwar also to collect whatever details possible,\" Singh said.Initial investigations have revealed that Atul's cellphone was switched off almost 24 hours before he went missing. It was around 3:30 pm when he left the ashram the last time on March 17. He told another occupant of the Belagari Ashram that he was going to the forests (in Kotdwar) for a walk and was not seen ever since.Gangwar told the media persons at the Ashram that his son has of late picked up interest in spiritual issues and was staying with the disciples of the Belgari Ashram since the past few months. \"He reached the Ashram with those disciples only and went missing,\" Gangwar said. He was satisifed with the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336070", "title": "Bihar assembly passes 3rd supplementary budget for current financial year", "text": "PATNA: The state assembly on Monday passed the Appropriation Bill related to the third supplementary budget of over Rs 2,815 crore pertaining to the current fiscal. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi had presented it in the House on March 12. It also included the expenditure of the art, culture and youth affairs department.However, Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary accepted the request by leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui for a division of votes despite the fact that the members had already passed the bill twice by voice vote.Prior to that, RJD chief whip Samrat Choudhary had moved a cut motion on the demand of Rs 20 lakh made by the art, culture and youth affairs department. The demand had been incorporated in the third supplementary budget. Choudhary's cut motion initiated the debate on the Appropriation Bill.Replying to the debate on the Bill, Modi said that the third supplementary budget of over Rs 2,815 crore included Rs 2,040 crore under plan head, Rs 643 crore under non-plan head, and Rs 130 crore under Centre-sponsored schemes.He also said that the third supplementary budget had been presented before the House for its consent to adjust the expenditures already made, or to be made, on various heads till March 31 this year.According to him, out of the sum for which the House approval had been sought, Rs 800 crore (with Rs 400 crore each to cooperatives and food and consumer protection departments) was required for meeting the expenditure incurred on the procurement of paddy, Rs 500 crore for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), Rs 184 crore for schemes related to mahadalit sections, Rs 170 crore to be paid to Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) to execute the works related to four power plants, and Rs 112 crore was for payment of scholarships to students.After the debate on the appropriation of Rs 20 lakh by the art, culture and youth affairs department, its minister Sukhda Pandey said that the government was committed to the promotion of culture, sports and youth activities in the state. In this regard, she said work on the construction of Bihar Museum of international standard here would start in November and the project would be completed by March 2015. She said a museum would also be constructed on the campus of Buddha Smriti Park near Patna junction and a stupa of stones has also been planned to be built at Vaishali.While the work on stadia in the districts could not be completed for want of money, an indoor stadium, named Patliputra Khel Parisar, had already become functional at Kankarbagh here, Pandey said, adding that an institute would be established at Jitwarpur in Madhubani district to further promote Madhubani paintings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336102", "title": "One held in Purnia doctor assault case", "text": "PATNA: The police arrested one person under the Bihar Medical Service Institutional and Person Protection Act, 2011, for attacking two doctors on duty at Purnia sadar hospital in the wee hours on Sunday.This is the first case in the state in which a person has been arrested under the Act.Two doctors, Dr N K Jha and Dr Vani Kumar, were on night duty at Purnia sadar hospital on Saturday when the attendants of a patient, who died due to meningitis early on Sunday morning, attacked the two doctors and broke their hands. An FIR was lodged in this connection with the concerned police station. It was only after the Bihar Services Health Association (BSHA) informed the Purnia DM and SP and sent a copy of the Act to the concerned police station that the police came to know about it, said BSHA general secretary Dr Ajay Kumar.The Purnia police lodged a case under section 4 of the Act against the accused and arrested one Rajesh Thakur in this connection. Thakur was, later, sent to jail.Meanwhile, condemning the attack on the two doctors, the Purnia unit of BSHA passed two resolutions demanding removal of security personnel who were on duty on Saturday night and replacing them with private guards or Bihar Military Police (BMP) jawans as well as speedy trial of the accused in the case.Dr Kumar said though the Act came into force on September 15, 2011, no action had been taken under the said Act before the Purnia case. He attributed it to lack of information to the policemen about the Act.Kumar said the state health department should have informed the police administration about the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335669", "title": "2 held, cop suspended for hooch deaths", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With one more death reported on Sunday night, the number of death in the hooch tragedy in Panej village in Vadodara has gone up to four. The issue was discussed in the state assembly on Monday. The government told the House that two accused have been arrested and a police inspector has been suspended.Minister of state for home Praful Patel, while replying to a notice by BJP MLAs Bhupendra Lakhawala, Devusinh Chauhan and Kishore Vankawala on the hooch tragedy that took place on March 13, said that two persons including a woman died on the same day and one more person died during treatment on March 14. On Sunday, one Vitthal Darji too died during treatment. In all, 22 persons were affected in the incident, who were later hospitalized, the minister said in his reply.Patel said it has been found that the incident had not occurred because of the use of methanol but it was some pesticides, used in agriculture fields, that caused the deaths.Congress leader Siddharth Patel said there was a possibility that the incident could have been a fallout of the business rivalry between two bootleggers from the area. He also wanted to know if the two accused Ramabhai Mansukh Tadvi and his wife Kokila were involved in other such incidents of illegal liquor trade.Patel said Ramabhai was earlier involved in three incidents of illicit liquor trade. He said that the government will inquire into the incident and will also probe if the tragedy was a fallout of any business rivalry. Patel also said that the police inspector incharge of the area has been suspended.About the strict implementation of prohibition law, Patel said the state government had introduced Bombay Prohibition (Gujarat Amendment) Bill, 2009, awarding death penalty for those who brew killer hooch in dry Gujarat, which was implemented in December 2011. He said that the notification implementing the said Bill was published on December 13, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338930", "title": "CII terms budget infrastructure-oriented and progressive", "text": "Calling the state budget presented on Friday by state finance minister K M Mani as infrastructure-oriented and progressive, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Kerala said that it was a reflection of the government's focus on enhancing the infrastructure and modernizing the agriculture sector.V K Mathews, chairman, CII Kerala State Council &amp; executive chairman, IBS Group, said in a statement on Friday that the move to set up hi-tech bio parks, greenhouse farming, Rice Bio Park and Coconut Bio Park initiatives show the government's intent to transform the agro sector. \"The Budget is a realistic assessment of the economic situation and is well balanced when it comes to revenue and fiscal deficit management. A slew of initiatives that will benefit the state citizenry have been announced in health care, water supply, slum rehabilitation, power supp ly and transportation. This is most welcome,\" Mathews said.\"Unavailability of suitable land is a bottleneck standing in the way of industrialization and the move to allocate Rs 300 crore for making land available for industrial purposes is praiseworthy. The initiatives on industrial development like 'Emerging Kerala', establishment of business zones, new airports, innovative mission, sea-plane services, and the aviation academy are welcome. It is heartening that the budget has provided for setting up academic institutions like IIT, Ayurveda University and a Technical University,\" Mathews said.Meanwhile, former member of Planning Board K N Harilal said there were not many imaginative announcements like the SPV which was envisaged by the LDF government in its last budget for modernization of the roads. \"The UDF government is largely eyeing mega projects like Metro Rail project and High Speed Rail Corridor project. They also have made some allocation in the budget for these projects and some road projects. But whether such projects can be realized by this allocation is doubtful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335925", "title": "Four of family fined Rs 1L for wasting court\u2019s time", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has imposed a cost of 1 lakh on four of a family for wasting time of the court.They had challenged the acquisition of their lands under the Land Ceiling Act, six years after the entire proceedings had been completed.A bench, dismissing the writ appeal of R Saraswathi and three others of Coimbatore, said the acquisition of lands at Saravanampatti had been questioned and incorrect details given by them in view of the escalation of land prices in the region.The acquisition proceedings were intitiated in 1992 and the land was taken over in 1999, after issuing necessary notice to the head of the family who did not appeal against the acquisition. The writ proceedings were initiated only in 2005. After a single judge dismissed the plea through a detailed order, the present writ appeal was preferred by the legal heirs of the land owner claiming that it was taken over without any notice.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, writing the judgment for the bench, said: \"It is crystal clear that the attempt of the appellants was to give life to a dead proceeding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12336877", "title": "Crime spurt may blunt Gurgaon's tech edge", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda may have dismissed the recent abduction and gang rape as a one-off but residents and businesses are asking whether even one case is not too many in a city known as the IT and BPO hub of north India.Its better law and order compared to rival Noida had so far helped Gurgaon attract the maximum foreign direct investment in the NCR and become Haryana's main revenue earner. Government data shows Gurgaon alone got 78% of the FDI in Haryana between 2005 and 2010. This year's state budget speech also mentioned that the city earns about 9% of the country's FDI.\"The govt developed Gurgaon on a PPP model where people could work in a safe environment. So, whenever a working woman is abducted, molested or raped, there's a negative impact. Gurgaon can't be managed like Hisar or Fatehabad and policed like Karnal or Sirsa. Any law and order problem in Gurgaon grabs global media attention,\" said a senior BPO executive who did not wish to be named. \"There are alternatives to other infrastructure deficiencies, such as water and power scarcity, and poor public transport. But how can private companies manage what happens to their employees on the road?\" he added.Even the state's excise minister Kiran Chaudhry conceded: \"I can't blame the pubs and the bars for crime on the roads. These are law and order issues that the agencies concerned must handle effectively\".Women make up a large part of Gurgaon's workforce. The government estimates at least 15,000 work the night shift, entering the city late in the evening and leaving before sunrise. The incidents on MG Road have shaken their faith in the system.State home secretary Samir Mathur said, \"The confidence of the public as well as the investors may have been shaken, though not shattered.\" (see interview)Will making the police more visible through greater deployment deter crime? A section of police officers said that's the way out, but others said better technology was the answer. \"Why can't we have hi-tech ITbased policing in the city that generates 40% of the state's revenue? Had MG Road been under CCTV surveillance, the abduction could have been recorded. Cops there would not have taken the victim's brother so lightly,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339465", "title": "Chennai crowd cool off in summer with music", "text": "Summer evenings are not pleasant but the youngsters in Chennai do know how to keep themselves cool despite the heat.Music, they say, is soothing and recently many headed to this hotspot in town to shake a leg and let their hair down. It was an evening of fun, banter and great eats and funky fashion too! While Rinila and Shama went Boho, Linita turned up smart and chic. Roshini and Asha went bright and colourful adding to the fashion quotient for the evening. The men had their share of fun too - hanging out with their gal pals and enjoying the music!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12336654", "title": "Lensman killed in mishap", "text": "MYSORE: A 24-year-old photographer, who had come here from Chennai to shoot the tourist places in and around Mysore, died on the spot in an accident on Mysore-Bannur Road near Bank Employees Layout on Monday morning.According to police, the incident took place at 7.30am when lensman Manikandan and his photographer-friend Ashwin were riding a motorbike towards Mysore from Bannur.Ashwin, who was riding the bike, lost control while trying to avoid an oncoming four-wheeler, police said.He is being treated at Cauvery Hospital for severe injuries. Ashwin is a resident of Vijaynagar, while Manikandan had come to the city a few days ago. A complaint has been registered in Mysore rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335211", "title": "1st Braille fortnightly in Hindi launched", "text": "Mumbai: It looked nothing like the newspapers one is accustomed to reading, whether broadsheet or tabloid. A bound volume of 42 pages with neither colour nor photographs, merely a series of dots embossed on white paper, was unveiled in the community hall of Kamla Mehta School for the Blind at Dadar on Monday. Still, as a young blind student, Husna Shaikh, ran a finger over the page and began to expound the mysteries of black holes, it began to unravel its secrets to her.Shaikh was reading from the first registered national Braille newspaper in Hindi. Named 'Reliance Drishti', after the corporate funding it, the fortnightly will feature 30% news, while 70% will comprise features. It will be disseminated to 325 institutions and is likely to reach around 20,000 readers.Dedicated citizens who have made it their mission to empower the visually impaired were present at the occasion. Among them were K Ramakrishnan, honorary general secretary of the National Association for the Blind (NAB), who is himself visually impaired, eye surgeon Dr Kulin Kothari, Haresh Shah of the school, and Swagat Thorat, chief editor of 'Drishti'. Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation, mentioned her organization had conducted 10,000 corneal transplants free of cost .Teachers looked on proudly as the students put up a well-coordinated mallakhamb demonstration and then sang Saraswati Vandana. Much of the evening was orchestrated to perfection, but it was the students' slight fumble over the tough Hindi in the newspaper that drew the loudest applause as the audience realized what spontaneous effort it had taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335053", "title": "Many yet to get hall tickets day before exams", "text": "Mumbai: Many students are running around to get hall tickets, with an TYBCom paper scheduled on Wednesday. With hard copies of the hall tickets reaching many colleges only on Monday, some told students to collect them the same day, while others plan to distribute them on Tuesday. Around 85,000 students will appear for the final year exams from Wednesday.Mumbai University for the first time made hall tickets available online but many could not access them on Sunday and were forced to rely on hard copies. The delay was due to the visit of the review committee of the National Accreditation and Assessment Council, which kept officials busy, and online submission of the examination form, for which hall tickets had to be submitted online, officials claimed.A Jai Hind College student, who has the financial accounts paper on Wednesday and got his hall ticket on Monday, said, \"We were called to college to collect the hall tickets at 9am. But we got them only by 11am. Two days before the exam, I would have preferred to stay at home and revise the syllabus.\"Another student who got the ticket at 4 pm on Monday, said, \"I had to travel for one hour to reach college. I will have to check my name at the exam centre on Tuesday or will have to reach early on Wednesday. It is a waste of time. We could not access the tickets online. Even if we get them online, we have to get the college principal's signature.\"Students who went to a college in South Mumbai at 9am were turned away. \"They were told to return at 4pm as the university had not delivered them in the morning,\" said a college official. A college in Charni Road told its students to come for the tickets on Tuesday.Madhu Nair, dean, faculty of commerce, said, \"Most colleges received hard copies around 11.30am on Monday.\" The exam will commence on March 21, he said. A varsity official said the server could have been slow as many logged on at the same time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337048", "title": "Third party to inspect SMC projects", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to get its ongoing projects inspected by third party professional consultants to ensure their quality and have enhanced efficiency.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das told TOI, \"We are quite conscious about the quality of our work and so need this mechanism. We have used this for JnNURM projects and now would for our projects too.\"SMC had called for expression of interest and had received 15 applications. After scrutiny 10 professional consultants' names were finalized. They will be handed over the third party inspection responsibilities for projects related to bridges and intake wells, building and roads and pipelines. The projects have been divided into different categories as per their financial value.\"Once the standing committee approves the proposal, the appointments will be made,\" said city engineer Jatin Shah. \"The basic purpose is to ensure quality and time bound execution of the projects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335932", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board sanitary supervisor caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths on Monday caught a Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) sanitary supervisor red-handed while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000 from another employee for an official favour.Based on a complaint lodged by SCB sweeper Sudhakar, CBI team laid a trap for the sanitary supervisor (Picket area) Ram Chandar and caught him at around 11 am while he was taking bribe from the complainant.According to CBI officials, about 20 sanitary workers report to Chandar and he collects money from them every month to assign them less work.\"The supervisor demanded Rs 3,000 from the complainant to increase his attendance and assign less work,\" a CBI official said.Chandar would be produced before the court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12336937", "title": "Did Castro know of plot to kill JFK?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Cuban leader Fidel Castro knew that president John F Kennedy was about to be assassinated in 1963, a former CIA agent has claimed in his book 'Castro's Secrets - the CIA and Cuba's Intelligence Machine'.Castro told his staff that he was going to murder then US president Kennedy to prove his allegiance to the communist cause, according to author Brian Latell, CIA's former chief intelligence officer for Latin America.In fact, on November 22, 1963, the day Kennedy was killed, Castro had ordered a senior intelligence officer in Havana to concentrate on \"any little detail, any small detail from Texas\".Latell also claims that Castro was aware that Oswald , who had been denied a visa to visit Cuba at the country's embassy in Mexico City, told staff there that he was going to murder Kennedy to prove his allegiance to the communist cause.\"I don't say Fidel Castro ordered the assassination, I don't say Oswald was under his control. He might have been, but I don't argue that, because I was unable to find any evidence for that,\" Latell told the Miami Herald.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12336547", "title": "Dream home remains a dream for Karnataka Housing Board site owners", "text": "Hubli: The Karnataka Housing Board developed Balaji Nagar, a residential layout with 210 sites in Amargol, about ten years ago. Almost all the sites were allotted to people, but most of them have not come forward to build houses there. And those who have built houses in the layout are suffering due to pathetic state of infrastructure in the area. In the last 10 years, only 40 people have constructed houses on their sites in the layout.The area lacks basic facilities such as good roads and proper UGD system. Ground level of the layout is still uneven and roads are full of potholes posing risk to pedestrians and vehicle users. In the absence of proper drainage facility, rainy season is a nightmare for residents. Speaking to TOI, Shankarayya M, a residence of Balaji Nagar said, \"Gutters overflow on roads and water gushes into the compounds of houses. We have to wade through water to reach our homes and when potholes fill with water, it's even more dangerous.No drinking waterBasavaraj Mathad, a manager in a bank and president of the Welfare Association of Balaji Nagar said, \"We don't have proper drinking water facility. We depend on water supplied through tankers once a week. The KHB should provide proper basic facilities to us as it promised before allotting the sites and it should be handed over to HDMC for maintenance,\" he said.While this is the plight of those who have built houses at the layout, for other site owners, apathy of KHB officials in maintaining the layout has thrown cold water on their dreams of living in their own house. A site owner said, \"I bought a site here about eight years ago but I am still staying in a rented house. There is no point in building a house at Balaji Nagar at this juncture since the KHB has not yet created basic facilities for residents there.\"Admitting that there has been a delay in providing basic facilities to the layout, Dayanand Malashekar, assistant executive engineer of KHB said, \"We have taken some measures to solve the drainage problem by streamlining the UGD system, to repair street lights and upgrade roads. We will hand over the layout to the HDMC after developing basic facilities for maintenance in the next couple of months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336961", "title": "Public faith shaken, not shattered: Haryana home secretary Samir Mathur", "text": "The confidence of investors in Gurgaon may have been shaken, though not shattered, in the aftermath of the gang-rape of a woman working at a city pub, says Haryana home secretary Samir Mathur . He told Ajay Sura on Monday that the government hasn't treated it as an isolated incident and that they have a long-term plan to curb crime in generalIs the government taking it as a serious issue or just an isolated incident? It is definitely not an isolated incident and the debate it has stirred would serve to stimulate police and the machinery to make things better. The government is taking it seriously.Is the confidence of investors shaken in Gurgaon? Shaken, yes, but not shattered. We know how important Gurgaon is, and once our plans are executed, peoples' confidence in the administration would be restored. We also have a system in place where companies can get an escort for safe transportation of their staff.Does the government have some long-term plans to curb crime? We are planning to make the city technologically sound. We will introduce accurate surveillance, which will be fully functional within a year. Besides deploying trained women cops and introducing a dedicated helpline number, we're also modernizing the police control room. Highly educated cops will be deployed to tackle the city's upwardly mobile.Where is the government lacking? Stress has to be laid on maintaining live contact with people to understand the changing face of the city. Hinterland is also a big issue for us because the city is surrounded by places like Mewat, Rewari and Rajasthan, where some gangs are operating and penetrating Gurgaon for crime. The proposed police stations would surely help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339012", "title": "Coastal shipping to aid Kochi terminal growth", "text": "Shipping industry in Kochi on Monday hailed the proposal in the state budget to develop 17 minor and medium ports and promote coastal shipping.\"This will be a great initiative for tapping the potentials of massive infrastructure projects like the Vallarpadam International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT). Cargo coming to the terminal can be moved to certain parts of the country by the sea route itself and this will help reduce congestion on the roads. Estimates also have it that the sea route will bring down the transportation cost at least by 25%,'' an official of the DP World, which had set up the ICTT, told TOI.The proposal to set up container freight stations at Vallarpadam and Cherthala will also be beneficial to the ICTT as it will help speed up the handling of cargo at the terminal. Another interesting project for the port sector is the proposal to develop the Kochi-Coimbatore industrial corridor and the National Investment and Manufacturing Zone at Kochi and Palakkad.Though the budget is not known to have made any allocation for these projects, sources in the Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation said there are bright scopes for availing Central aid for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336384", "title": "CM Keeps Home, Azam Gets Urban development", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday allotted portifolios to his ministers. He himself has kept 50 departments including home, finance, tourism, higher, secondary, technical and medical education, sugarcane development, electronics and information technology. Former chief minister Mayawati had kept 43 departments to herself when she took over in 2007. It is believed that Akhilesh would off-load some of the departments after more ministers are inducted post cabinet expansion.Earlier in the day, Azam Khan was administered the oath of office and secrecy again after it transpired that he didn't take the complete oath on January 15 along with others. Besides four others, who had been inducted as ministers of state, were elevated and given the independent charge. These four ministers are - Arvind Singh Gope, Aruna Kori, Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar. They, too, were administered oath again, along with Azam.Among other key ministers, Azam gets parliamentary affairs, urban development, Muslim Waqf, water supplies and Haj. Likewise, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's brother Shiv Pal has got public works department (PWD) and irrigation.Mulayam's other trusted loyalist Ahmad Hasan, too, has again been given with the departments of medical and family welfare. These two departments were headed by two ministers and were in news for the Rs 5,700 NRHM scam during the BSP regime. Hasan will also take care of the department of women and child welfare. Same is the case with Vaqar Ahmad Shah and Ambika Chaudhary who have been given labour and revenue department respectively. Raja Aridaman Singh will be the minister of transport.Besides handling the department of prisons, Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya will also take care of the department of food and civil supplies. Singh was the food and civil supplies minister in SP's previous regime when the multi-thousand crore foodgrain scam was detected in the department. Therefore, it was expected that Akhilesh might change his portfolio this time.But, that was not the case. Raja Mankapur, Anand Singh , who made a triumphant return to the Samajwadi Party before the elections has been given the charge of agriculture department while Balram Yadav will be the minister of Panchayati Raj. Likewise, Ram Govind Chaudhary look after basic education, child development and nutrition. Azamgarh MLA Durga Prasad Chudhary will be minister for stamp and civil defence. Brahma Shankar Tripathi has been allotted the department of home guard and vocational education.Among the four ministers independent charge, Gope has been allotted the department of rural development. Rajendra Singh Rana and Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar have been given rural engineering and small-scale industries respectively. Aruna Kori on the other hand has been allotted the department of women welfare.Among the 24 state ministers, former IIM-Ahmedabad professor Abhishek Mishra, considered to be a part of 'Team Akhilesh', has been given the protocol department. This way he will remain attached to the chief minister's office as Akhilesh has kept the department with himself.Among SP leaders from the western UP, Chitaranjan Swaroop will be Azam Khan's deputy in parliamentary affairs, Muslim waqf, urban development and Haj departments while Moolchandra Chauhan has been given the charge of the department of tourism. Surendra Singh patel will assist Shivpal in PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336837", "title": "Rash teens need to be dealt with strict laws, stricter upbringing", "text": "NAGPUR: The grisly accident on South Ambazari road on Saturday, which claimed the lives of two ITI students has left behind not just a tragic trail of irreparable loss for the two families. It has also triggered a much required debate on the reasons behind such fatal incidences. The speeding killer car, with an underage driver behind the wheels, lost control jeopardizing the lives of four people riding in it. It killed two innocent people whose only fault was that they happened to be in the vicinity.The driver was not drunk. He was inexperienced and legally not allowed to drive. So the question before all of us today is why was he driving the car? A load of exposure and access to trappings of good life have made today's teenagers bold and reckless feels, Charulata Maitra, a class XI student. \"I would describe this incident as a teenage thing. With underage students driving vehicles becoming a norm these days, such incidents are waiting to happen. Unless all such rule violations of underage driving are made heavily punishable, we can only pray that another such accident does not happen.\"Gopal Gadewar, another 17-year-old, who does not use a cell phone and avoids driving even a two-wheeler, feels that such actions reflect the person's upbringing. \"It's the parents who should be blamed in this case. How can they allow their underage child to drive a high-end car like this? The other reason is that in our city nobody is fined for speeding. The norms are that we should not exceed the speed limit of 35 while driving within the city. This rule is broken every second and nobody gets punished.\"Taking a contrary view is another of his peer Ashish Chopra who feels that it's not the parents but their child who is to be blamed. \"There is a pattern here. Kids of rich parents love to flaunt their wealth. Egged on by their cronies, they recklessly go about town, speeding and doing stuff which is called 'cool'. Most of the time parents are not even aware of all this. My mother keeps telling me to use a helmet but I rarely do so. For a teenager, life is all about masti. Only when such a thing happens that one tends to sober down.\"The norm today is 'if you have it flaunt it'. And those who have it, love to splurge it on their children. Ashita Landge feels that kids of her age group are obsessed with gadgets, brands and racy lifestyles. \"Driving for boys and girls of my age means speeding or racing, be it bikes or cars. Teenagers today use gadgets which are actually beyond their station in life. Why should students like us have fancy cell phones or drive high-end sedans? And when we get these things which are of no practical use to us, then they only get abused.\"The latest trend among the teenager is driving around in a car with friends. Nihal Buragoni, a 16-year-old says that bikes are passe. \"Boys my age love to brag about their driving skills. Speeding and racing in cars are the new high. With the fear of law and cops just not there, these activities have increased. Most of my friends who are stopped by the cops pay some money or do some name dropping to get away. In this case too the boy who was driving fled because he was confidant that his parents would help him get out of this mess.We need stricter laws and stringent punishments to curb such accidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336437", "title": "Role of governance being discussed at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: The UNESCO Chair for Peace and Malaviya Centre for Peace Research, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), hosted an international conference on the 'role of governance in the resolution of socioeconomic and political conflict in India and Europe (CORE)' on Monday.Organised as a research project funded by the European Commission under its seventh framework programme, the conference highlighted key issues being debated across the world around governance, conflict resolution, justice, peace and human rights in both Europe and India. Project partners presented initial results and thoughts emerging from field research conducted in both regions and engaged with local civil society and representatives from the Indian government and the European External Action Service (EEAS).According to Priyankar Upadhyaya, UNESCO Chairholder, the partners of this research project include five institutes from India and five from Europe. They are Malaviya Centre for Peace Research at BHU, Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), Delhi University , Calcutta Research Group and Society for Participatory Research in South Asia , Peace Research Institute, Oslo, Bergh of Foundation of Germany, Central European University of Hungary, Institute for International Affairs of Italy, and Manchester University.Presenting the uniqueness of this EU-India partnership for research, Angela Liberatore from the European Commission said the project was the first of its kind deliberating and sharing experiences on conflict resolution and governance. Oliver Richmond from the Manchester University emphasised the importance of the local community and agency in governance and conflict resolution initiatives.According to Upadhyaya, the research project seeks to analyse the promises and operation of governance initiatives in conflict transformation processes through a combination of fieldwork, qualitative analysis and theory development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337244", "title": "Railways plan to decongest Pune-Lonavla route soon", "text": "PUNE: In a bid to reduce congestion on the Pune-Lonavla route, the Pune railway administration is planning to start some trains from the Shivajinagar station instead of Pune station and terminate some at Talegaon rather than running them up to Lonavla.According to the administration, the move would save 15 to 20 minutes per trip. This would, in turn, help run additional local trains on the Talegaon route and reduce the burden on the Pune station. About 10 trips could be terminated at Shivajinagar instead of Pune station, railway officials said.Besides restructuring of local train trips, the administration is planning to introduce an additional rake on the Lonavla route and augment capacity of the existing local rakes in the near future.General manager of the Central railway S K Jain said on Monday that the time-table of the Lonavla local trains is being revised in the backdrop of recent observations, wherein lesser passenger load was observed between Talegaon and Lonavla stations as compared to Shivajinagar-Talegaon route. During non-peak hours, the trains go almost empty. Hence, the administration is working on a plan for termination of some local trains at Talegaon.Jain said it would help run additional trips up to Talegaon. \"The time table would be finalized in the next 15 days. The trains would run on an experimental basis for the first few days, during which we would study the impact of new arrangements on the passenger traffic.\" As many as 48 local trains travel between Pune and Lonavla stations every day.Jain also said the administration was working on a proposal to terminate local trains at Shivajinagar instead of Pune station. Works pertaining to change in signaling system and tracks would be taken up soon. About 10 trips could terminate at Shivajinagar. The administration is working to augment capacity and power of existing rakes by introducing additional motor coach, which would help run the rakes faster, said Jain. During his earlier visits to Pune station, Jain had hinted at immediate steps to reduce congestion at the station which has reached a critical level.Besides decentralising daily movements of trains, the administration is also planning to complete the long-pending projects including construction of new administrative building and Indian Railways Institute of Civil Engineering's (IRICEN) green building as both projects have received funding to the tune of Rs 10 crore in the recently announced railway budget, said officials.Jain was in the city to attend a programme organised to celebrate the 54th foundation day of IRICEN, a centralised training institute for civil engineering officers of railways. IRICEN's director C P Tayal said that the administration was hoping to complete the construction of the green building, which has a platinum rating, by September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335589", "title": "Gurgaon's MG Road: 1 stretch, 3 police stations, no master", "text": "GURGAON: Believe it or not, MG Road, better known as \" mall mile\", falls under the jurisdiction of three different police stations. While the carriageway leading from IFFCO Chowk towards Sikanderpur comes under the DLF Phase II police station, the opposite carriageway from Sikanderpur side to IFFCO Chowk (the stretch which has Sahara Mall) comes under the Sector 29 police. This is not all, a small stretch of the road (from MGF Mega City Mall to Bristol Hotel) falls under DLF Phase I police station.The jurisdiction problem often hampers and slows down the investigation process, and that's what precisely happened on the fateful night last week when a 23-year-old woman was gangraped. Even though the accused followed the victim from Sahara Mall, since the abduction took place across the road, the cops in the PCR vehicle stationed on the Sikanderpur side to IFFCO Chowk carriageway refused to react since the crime was not committed in their area. Other important roads, too, like the one leading to Signature Tower from HUDA City Centre Metro station falls under two different police stations. The Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza also deals with a similar situation. Unlike the common perception, the jurisdiction of the Gurgaon police doesn't just end at the toll plaza.In effect, the Delhi Police jurisdiction starts around \"100 yards\" away from the toll plaza. Also, while the Delhi-Gurgaon carriageway comes under the DLF Phase II jurisdiction, the Gurgaon-Delhi carriageway comes under the Udyog Vihar police station. \"Very often in such cases where crime takes place on a road that falls under two different jurisdictions, cops from both the police stations expect the other to investigate, resulting in loss of precious time. Even in the recent gangrape, the PCR cops would have thought that since the crime took place on the opposite carriageway, they were not responsible and therefore didn't make an attempt to nab the culprits. Had they not bothered about whose jurisdiction it is and just done their duty, the gruesome incident could have been avoided,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12334198", "title": "Emergency landing for AI flight; all safe", "text": "Mumbai: An Air India (AI) flight made an emergency landing following engine failure at Mumbai airport on Monday. Flight AI 672 (Airbus A319) from Chennai landed safely with 118 passengers on board at 5pm.When the pilot sought air traffic control permission for an emergency landing, all services, including fire engines, were summoned.Airport officials said the landing was according to routine procedure followed in such situations. \"Most aircraft are multi- or twin-engine. Failure of one engine does not jeopardize the safety of passengers. The pilot asked for emergency services as a precautionary measure,\" a senior airport official said. \"An aircraft can land on a single engine,\" he added. The flight had taken off from Chennai at 3 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12336206", "title": "Police finally book case against filling of field at Chopdem", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem police finally registered a case against unknown persons more than two-and-half months after truckloads of mud were poured into a field on the banks of Chapora river in Chopdem.The police registered the case under Section 17 (A) of the Town and Country Planning (TCP) Act as the area is a low-lying field in the flood plain of Chapora river. Jitendra Gawde, a local resident, had complained that trucks were illegally dumping mud in the riverside field since January 3, 2012. The area is situated within survey no 25/18 of Chopdem village.\"The filling was being done without TCP's permission,\" Gawde said. Though he had repeatedly complained to various authorities, no action had been initiated. Expressing concern about the illegal reclamation of water bodies, Gawde said that the property largely consists of mangroves.\"These mangroves are on the banks of the Chapora river and serve as a buffer against flooding,\" he said. Gawde stated that around 400 sqm of low-lying fields on the river banks have been filled up during the past twoand-half months. Acting on repeated complaints from Gawde, Vinod Kumar, deputy town planner, town and country planning department, Pernem, referred the matter to the Pernem police station.Kumar confirmed that no permission had been obtained by any person with regards to the reclamation of the property.As per Section 17-A of the TCP Act, prior permission of the chief town planner is required for filling of low-lying land. At present, the unknown culprits have stopped their activity of filling up the fields. Police officials informed TOI that the investigation is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12335179", "title": "\u2018Busy\u2019 policemen let killer\u2019s trail turn cold", "text": "MOHALI: The callous police have done it again. Despite having the convincing evidence against a negligent driver, who crushed two youths and left one of them dead on the spot, Mohali district police have not made any efforts to trace the accused even a day after the incident.The accident took place around 8.30pm when motorcyclists Avtar Singh, 22, and his friend Harkiart Singh, 26, were returning after watching a kabaddi match in Ballomajra village near Mohali. The youths on the bike were on the main road leading to Fathegarh Sahib when a speeding car hit them leaving Avtar Singh dead on the spot.According to information, the negligent driver had tried his best to escape from the spot, but as the car was damaged, he had to abandon it on the spot. Though number of car (PB-11AN-9649) revealed it was registered on the name of a Patiala resident, local police personnel failed to make any efforts to trace the accused by contacting the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) of Patiala district.Assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Ramesh Kumar , in charge of police post Manged, near Kharar, said, \"The car is in police custody but as they were busy in recording the statement of Harkirat, cops failed to approach the RLA authority of Patiala to ascertain the ownership of car. The accused would be arrested within two days.\" Kharar DSP Sukhdev Singh Virk, too, maintained that accused would be arrested shortly.The injured Harkirat was rushed to PGI in a police ambulance and his condition is said to be critical. Eyewitnesses told police, \"Though Harkirat was taken to PGI in a police vehicle, body of Avtar was taken to civil hospital Kharar in a private vehicle.\"Both victims belong to Phagrana village of Fathegarh Sahib district.The body of Avtar has been handed over to his family members after postmortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12337192", "title": "Girl child set ablaze by mother dies", "text": "RAJKOT: Two-year-old girl, who was set ablaze by her mother who had committed suicide along with her and her one-year-old son, succumbed to burn injuries at a government hospital here on Monday.Police said Ayesha Memon, 28, resident of Noorani Chowk in Jangaleshwer, doused herself her daughter Afroz and son Afran with kerosene and set them ablaze before committing suicide on Sunday afternoon.\"Our investigation revealed that Ayesha was prompted to take the drastic step, following an altercation with her husband Imran over a trivial issue. All the victims were rushed to the hospital in a serious condition. While Ayesha died on Sunday itself, her daughter Afroz succumbed to burn injuries on Monday morning. Her son Afran is still battling for his life,\" said a Bhaktinagar police station official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335172", "title": "NGOs come in way of removing beehives: MC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Municipal Corporation it seems has been shying away from its job of making the city free of bee attacks. The MC authorities takes the plea that it cannot remove beehives as animal rights' activists object to it. On the other hand, organzations working for the welfare of animals like People for Animals (PFA), say that they only advocate environment-friendly ways of remove beehives, as they also don't want human beings being put to risk.On Sunday, bees attacked visitors in the Sector 17 plaza, who had to take cover to save themselves. With the summer season about to start, more such instances are likely to happen, but the civic body doesn't seem to be prepared to rid the people of the bee scare. Chitvakar, an entomologist, associated with MC's medical office, who largely deals with complaints regarding bee attacks said, \"These bees are not harmful, but useful insects, which shouldn't be killed. Here in the city NGOs like PFA and even some groups of people don't allow the removal of beehives, saying that it would amount to cruelty against them, so it becomes problematic for us to remove beehives.\"Payal Sodhi, who heads the local unit of PFA said, \"Human beings should not be put at risk and therefore we are not against the removal of beehives. But removal of beehives should be done in an environment-friendly like smoking them out. Besides, there are experts, who remove beehives in an environment-friendly manner.\" Residents on the other hand say that on many occasions, when complaints were made no body responded on the contact number given by the MC to deal with complaints of removal of beehives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339098", "title": "Rajeev\u2019s 3-tiered dream", "text": "The actor has bought a sprawling bungalow in Goregaon. His wife is busy decorating itHe came to Mumbai with dreams of making it big in Bollywood. His role as Sujal in the Balaji TV serial Kahiin To Hoga catapulted him into the limelight. Soon enough, he stepped onto the big screen essaying meaty roles in Aamir and Shaitaan.However, we've now learnt that the actor has gone on to fulfil his biggest dream yet----buying his very own house in maximum city. And, it's a huge three-storey bungalow spread over 3,700 feet in Goregaon.Speaking to Mirror from Bangkok where he is shooting for his next When love happens, Rajeev excitedly confirmed the news, \"Yes it is true. I have always wanted to have an entire floor and my own roof and that's finally happened. It's a nice three-storey bungalow in Goregaon East. It has been my dream and I have fulfilled it. One can never imagine the kind of happiness small things give you.\"Waxing eloquent about his newest acquisition, the actor said, \"I bought it sometime back but shifted there just a month ago. My wife Manjari and Richa Bahl (Director Vikas Bahl's wife) have done up the house. We have done what we always wanted to do like making a library, a bar... Every single thing we have designed ourselves. Richa and Vikas are like family, and Richa is the interior designer of my house. It's a new high, and a completely different feeling altogether. This is the house that I look forward going back to.\"Rajeev loves Goregaon and has stayed there all this while in his old house, which is now being turned into an office space of sorts, where he will conduct meetings and script sessions. \"You won't believe but I have so many scripts from debutante directors, who somehow believe I am the one who will work with them. So my old house is where I meet for my narrations now,\" he said.Known to be a fiercely private person otherwise, Rajeev managed to spring a surprise on his parents on their anniversary. \"One is so busy in his professional life that you hardly get time for your parents and loved ones. So, I went to Jaipur and surprised my parents... with my wife... My parents are very happy about the fact that I have managed to settle down in life and bought this new house,\" he rounded off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335435", "title": "TCS gives design contract for Rajarhat SEZ", "text": "Kolkata: At a time when the Bengal government is grappling to put things in order, this may come as music to its ears.Amid controversies over special economic zones (SEZ) in the state, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has awarded the Rs 970-crore contract for design and construction of special economic zone at Rajarhat to a consortium of L&T; Construction and Shapoorji Pallonji. The SEZ, being developed by TCS, is spread over 40-acres in Rajarhat Action Area III. The SEZ notification, though, was made way back in May, 2008.Built with the plan to employ 16,000 by TCS, the project is slated to be completed in two phases. The first phase is scheduled to be over by February 15, 2014, which will have the capacity to accommodate 7,000 workstations. The remaining 9,000 will be accommodated with the completion of the project at the end of 32 months from now.\"Immediate mobilization of the project has started and the site office is being constructed,\" a source said.TOI has learnt that the concept design for the project has been provided by the TCS to L&T; Construction and Shapoorji Pallonji, based on which the final design is being chalked out. \"It is a design-built project, where it will be developed by the two firms and in completion, the project will be handed over to TCS,\" the source said.An L&T; Construction spokesperson told TOI: \"We are very positive about the project and hope it would end within the scheduled time frame.\"Earlier, L&T; Construction and Shapoorji Pallonji had executed many TCS projects together. L&T; Construction is known for its engineering skills, whereas Shapoorji for its designing acumen.When contacted a TCS official said: \"The company is doing its job.\" Though, he declined to elaborate further on the project details.TCS, engaged in IT services, business solutions and outsourcing, already has four units operating in Salt Lake Sector V, the IT hub of the city. It has also taken a space in Unitech SEZ in Rajarhat. This project will be its sixth initiative in the state. It already employs around 12,000 in the city.Earlier in January, TCS managing director and chief executive officer N Chandrasekaran met state IT minister Partha Chatterjee, where he promised to begin the construction work in the SEZ soon. The minister also gave his word that the state government would provide every kind of assistance to the company for the project.L&T; Construction and Shapoorji Pallonji had executed many TCS projects together. L&T; Construction is known for its engineering skills, while Shapoorji for its designing acumen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340339", "title": "Pakistani fashion comes to India", "text": "An initiative of Trade Development Authority, under the guidance of the dynamic efforts of the Ministry of Commerce, Lifestyle is set to become one of the largest trade fairs of Pakistan.A venture between the Pakistani and Indian government, Lifestyle Pakistan is the first of its kind, four day showcase trade exhibition taking place at one of the largest venues in Delhi, Pragati Maidan, from the 12th of April to the 15th of April, 2012. Over 300 stalls exhibiting a vast array of Pakistani fashion, textiles, leather products, accessories, home furnishing and a taste of traditional food specialty items will be showcased.The aim for the 2012 event is to enhance trade relations between the two nations, presenting unique opportunities for business-to-consumer, business-to-business, business-to-government and government-to-government interactions.Aside from the exhibitions, there is a dedicated food court where Pakistan's top restaurateurs will present the country's specialty cuisines. In the evenings, Lifestyle will present 4 fashion shows by the country's leading textile and design houses, followed by dinner and a musical gala.The expected number of attendees for the four-day exposition is set to attract well over 30,000 individuals per day from the Indian trade industry and international buyers. With the showcase of the best of Pakistan's fashion, textile, furniture and music industries, the exhibition is also set to attract the Delhi elites as well as personalities from the counterpart industries in India. Lifestyle Pakistan has been planned with the full support and assistance of the Ministry of Commerce of India and his Excellency, Anand Sharma, who was in favour of this kind of exposition after attending a similar one held in Lahore called Made in India, which attracted thousands of people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335139", "title": "150 canines to take part in fashion show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unlike other fashion shows in city, the fashion show slated for Sunday at Panchkula, would witness different breeds of dogs walking down the ramp in flashing lights as this is the first pet show in city to be organized at night.Latest entrants into the world of glamour are around 150 four-legged man's best friends who would be participating in the show, which would start at 2pm on Sunday at Sector 3, Panchkula, outside the open ground of Pet Animal Medical Centre (PAMC).Providing details of the event, in charge of PAMC, Dr M R Singla said this is the first time that a dog show would be organized during night time. He adds, \"Special lights has been arranged in order to present it like a proper fashion show.\"The show which is jointly organized by the animal husbandry department in collaboration with the Shivalik Kennel Club, Panchkula, has received around 150 entries from Chandigarh, Panchkula, Mohali, Delhi, Parwanoo, Patiala, Yamunanagar, Kurukshera and other parts of the region.According to the organizers the show is divided into three categories, Gun dogs like Labrador Retriever, Pastoral dogs like German Shephered and toy category like Pomeranian, Pug. The competition would be held in two rings. Dogs above six months of age would be eligible to participate in the show.While regular dog shows judge canines based on their temperament, agility and looks, as per the standards set by Kennel Club of India (KCI), this show will strictly discern the leggy contenders based on their dressing and addressing. At the show the pets are expected to dress in the finest of apparel, designs themed on festive party colours, adorned with swanky pet ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12336093", "title": "SC to hear Centre's Vodafone review plea today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court will hear the Centre's plea for review of the Vodafone judgment on Tuesday at a time when the UPA government has proposed to amend the Income Tax Act to levy capital gains tax on domestic asset acquisition through merger and acquisition deals involving overseas companies.The petition seeking review of the January 20 judgment quashing the I-T department's Rs 11,000 crore capital gains tax demand on Vodafone is listed in-chamber before a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar.Under normal practice, the in-chamber scrutiny of review petitions by judges takes place without the presence of lawyers from any side. Majority of the review petitions are dismissed but there have been recent examples where the court decided to hear pleas from lawyers by listing the plea for reconsideration in open court.The hard-hitting 100-page review petition, filed jointly by the Centre and the I-T department, has listed 121 grounds, each pointing to an error in judgment. The government said it was surprised by the SC's decision to give relief to Vodafone on the ground that the offshore transaction was a structured foreign direct investment into the country when not a single penny had come as investment into India through the deal.Smarting under the Vodafone ruling, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his budget proposals had indicated major amendments in direct tax laws with retrospective effect to allow the government to tax income \"accruing or arising directly or indirectly through the transfer of capital asset situated in India\".The Finance Bill has proposed that notwithstanding any judgment from the apex court or any tribunal, the retrospective amendments would enable the government to keep alive all its tax demands and not return anything which it had collected as levy pursuant to the proposed change in law.The two budget proposals on tax front are aimed at mopping up Rs 35-40,000 crore, which is now locked up in litigation between government and companies. As a result, investors both domestic and foreign will be closely tracking the outcome of the apex court's decision on the Vodafone review petition.The review petition said, \"The judgment has far-reaching consequences as much as it undermines the existing and regulatory framework that requires approvals from competent authorities in India even for transactions routed outside India through tax havens. The apex court failed to appreciate the consequences of its judgment on the steps taken by the government of India to promote tax transparency and fight tax evasion.\"The apex court failed to appreciate that the instant case did not involve any inflow of monies into India because the sale consideration was admittedly paid outside India by VIH, a British Virgin Island company, to HTIL. Therefore, it was not a case of FDI into India.\"Vodafone had taken note of the review plea and said it would be \"evaluated by the same bench that ruled on the Vodafone-Hutchison case\" and that the company had no further comments to make at this stage. On January 20, the Supreme Court clearly and unambiguously ruled that there was no tax to pay on the Vodafone-Hutchison transaction, it had said.Justice Kapadia had said in the judgment that the transaction was a \"bona fide structured FDI investment into India, which fell outside India's territorial tax jurisdiction... consequently, the Indian tax authority had no territorial tax jurisdiction to tax the said offshore transaction\".dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339625", "title": "Amala Paul not part of Boologam", "text": "The latest buzz in the industry is that Amala Paul, who's riding high in Kollywood with a string of hits, will soon be seen opposite Jayam Ravi in Boologam, which is being produced by Aascar Ravichandran.However, Amala says, \"Though I was approached by the team for the project, I couldn't sort out the needed dates.\"Co-producer Suresh says, \"Amala wasn't able to allot the dates we required. So, we're looking at other options now.\"The film, directed by debutant Kalyan, is touted to have Ravi playing a kickboxer, a role he portrayed earlier to perfection in M Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi.Meanwhile, Amala, who was last seen in Kollywood in Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi opposite Siddharth, is yet to sign her next film in Tamil. However, she's got her kitty full with Aakashathinte Niram and Diamond Necklace in Mollywood and a few projects in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335691", "title": "A dump yard in the making along River Cooum", "text": "CHENNAI: The woes of residents of Nerkundram near Maduravoyal are piling up with the garbage being dumped by conservancy staff along the stretch of the River Cooum that runs through the area. While officials claim a shortage of vehicles to take the waste to Kodungaiyur has led to the problem, the residents say the locality has become a mini dump yard. Compounding things, rag-pickers burning plastic waste at the site, posing grave health risks, they say.On Monday, when TOI visited the place, it was blanketed by heavy smoke from burning garbage and stray dogs were feasting on animal carcasses. \"When the garbage pile reaches a peak, it is burnt without separating plastic from other wastes,\" said M Sridhar, a resident. \"Despite repeated complaints, the dumping goes on. No preventive measures have been taken, not even a warning board has been erected,\" said Sridhar. He also warned that the civic body would be responsible for any serious health hazards affecting the residents.A Bharath, the local councilor, said the issue had been addressed to the mayor. \"I've raised it at the recent council meeting and mayor Saidai S Duraisamy has assured that a garbage-disposal plant would be set up in Valsaravakkam,\" he said.Corporation officials have their excuse. \"Presently, there is only a single lorry to transfer garbage from Maduravoyal to Kodangaiyur dump yard and it is not enough. And, there are just 15 conservancy workers instead of the required 85,\" said a senior official. He said the recent budget had allocated the required sum for purchasing new equipment and vehicles.While most residents say the stink from the mounting garbage and the mosquitoes that breed there are unbearable, some like S George reminisce about their fond memories of the Cooum. \"I used to swim in this river as a child but now the situation is pathetic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336363", "title": "Cricket lovers celebrate India's win over Pakistan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: India's victory in the Asia Cup against the arch rival Pakistan brought thrill of joy in the city on Sunday night.Soon after MS Dhoni hit the winning boundary, cricket lovers of the city came out on the streets shouting slogans in praise of Team India. The credit of the Indian victory goes to Virat Kohli whose 183 off 148 balls helped India achieve their highest chase in one-day cricket to overhaul Pakistan's formidable 330-run target with 13 balls to spare, said cricket lover Victor Dawson.Decribing the victory as historic, cricket coach of Madan Mohan Malviya stadium Parvez Alam said: \"It's a big achievment and the credit goes to combined team effort.\" Praising Kohli, cricket coach Devesh Misra said, \"He is one of most talented players in the Indian squad.\"Another cricketing buff, Dr Jagat Singh said: \"It has brought alive the memories of India's victory in the World Cup semi final at Mohali last year.He added that the hype created by the media has created a feeling of optimism among cricket lovers.The cricket lovers also praised Sachin Tendulkar for his useful knock. \"Sachin gave a good start that helped Team India to achieve the huge target and the way he batted showed that he is still the number No I batsman of the World and once again proved the critics wrong,\" said cricket lover Syed Imran. The Indian team has proved that the victory against Pakistan in the semi-finals of the World Cup at Mohali last year was not a fluke, he added.The roads of the city were filled with teenagers dancing to tunes of different Bollywood numbers while enthusiastic passers by watched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335374", "title": "Part-time MBA from DU's Faculty of Management Studies may cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two part-time, three-year management courses at the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), Delhi University , are set to be costlier from the next academic session. Not only that: the names of the courses will change and their duration will be reduced to two years. The proposals are likely to be approved by the academic and executive councils on Tuesday and Wednesday respectively.It's been proposed to hike the fees of MBA (part time) and MBA (healthcare administration) to Rs 50,000 per annum from Rs 11,000. And henceforth, these courses will be known as MBA (executive) and MBA (executive) healthcare administration. And the intake of students in one course will also go down.At present, the B-school admits 232 students for the MBA (part time) course; after the new structure is implemented, only 172 will be absorbed. In the healthcare administration course, the B-school will admit 42 students instead of 37.A senior FMS official said the faculty approved the proposed changes as there has been a gradual decline in the number of takers for the two courses. \"World over, the executive programmes are of maximum two years duration; so, it makes no sense to keep the duration at three years,\" the official added.Stating that there will be no dilution of the curriculum because of shortening of the duration, a senior faculty member of the FMS said that the programme will be more intensive. Now, the students of part-time programmes must have 75% attendance and will have to clear the courses within a period of four years.The duration of the courses would be two years now and it has been proposed to raise the fees to Rs 50k.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339814", "title": "Bhajans are still popular with the youth: Anup Jalota", "text": "As he is truly called 'Bhajan Samrat' - Anup Jalota has been serving the nation with his melodious voice and endless number of unforgettable gazals and bhajans he has sung.The classic bhajans he had recorded; even in the earliest phase of his career which spans over five decades; are still very much popular. Ask him whether he feels that the habit of listening to bhajans and gazals is vanishing in the current generation or not and he says, \"As far as bhajans are concerned, I can tell you the audience is actually increasing. There are more and more youth coming in our concerts and their devotion to our music is very heartwarming. But gazal certainly is suffering, mainly because of the language. When Hindi itself is disappearing then Urdu gazals sound too far fetched.\"He certainly agrees that the music industry is gradually changing with the current generation. \"Now everything is becoming hi-tech and virtual. Now music travels in phones and is sourced through internet. But what the current generation fails to understand is that, if they continue downloading unauthorized music; ultimately they only will feel the heat of it. Musicians work very hard behind the walls or recording studio. And they most certainly deserve their share of royalty and part of the earning of the popularity of their music. If it will not reach them, their creativity will suffer and eventually good production will be hampered. I request the youth to buy music officially and then enjoy it with all the rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336291", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalaya uniform to change from new academic session", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If you are among the parents, ward of whom are studying in any of the around thousands of Kendriya Vidyalaya of the country, be prepared to cough out additional amount of money in the coming days as your child would be needing a new set of school uniform.Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan has decided to change the school uniform from the new academic session. The decision has been taken to commemorate the golden jubilee of Kendriya Vidyalaya.KVS has collaborated with the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), New Delhi, ministry of textiles to review its present uniform and propose a change. The work related to this issue is already under progress and it is expected that the model of the new uniform would be rolled out by NIFT in May or June. Consequently, it has been decided that the new uniform would come to effect probably from the academic session in July.KVS has sent letters to all deputy commissioners of various regions, who on their part have forwarded the same to the principals of their region.The letter has asked the principals to inform the students who are admitted on new admissions to class I not to get their uniforms stitched as the new uniform is about to be finalized.There is some relief too. The KVS letter gives two-year transition period during which the old uniforms would also be allowed in the school, but not for the students admitted in class I. The letter mentions, \"The old and new uniform may continue to be in vogue simultaneously during the transition period and the old ones may be weaned out of use gradually within a period of two years i.e. by 2014.\" This information should also be posted on the Vidyalaya website leaving no room for speculation.Commenting on the development, deputy commissioner, Lucknow region, AK Vajpayee said, \"We are still waiting for the model of the uniform but the students would be informed well in advance for the change regarding their new uniform. Newly admitted students of class I would have to wear the new uniform from coming academic session while other students would follow soon, giving two years to follow the same\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336235", "title": "Iffi dates changed before new govt: Shantaram", "text": "PANAJI: Union minister of information and broadcasting, Ambika Soni stated that the possibility of hosting Iffi from either November 10 to 20 or from December 5 to 15 is being explored.Rajya Sabha MP, Shantaram Naik stated in a press note issued from New Delhi that Soni had informed him about this after he met the minister on Monday and congratulated her for securing the approval from the International Federation of Film Producers Association, Paris, to the new dates to hold the international film festival in Goa.The Catholic community had complained that the event was clashing with the novenas and feast of St Francis Xavier.Naik said that he and South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha had pursued the matter with Soni prior to the commencement of Iffi 2011. However, the change in dates has to be approved by the Paris-based association, which could not be done in time.The letter dated March 1, 2012, written by Benoit Ginisty, director general of the Paris-based association, approving the change of dates to hold the festival from November 20 to November 30, 2012 was received by Shankar Mohan, director, Iffi, New Delhi.\"It is strange that those who are not connected with the efforts made in this regard are taking credit which is not due to them,\" Naik said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced that the dates of the festival have been shifted. Parrikar had recently announced that the schedule of Iffi had been changed to avoid a clash with Goa patron saint's feast.The decision, it is apparent, was conveyed much before the new government in Goa took over, Naik stated.Further, Soni informed him thatCatholics have again appealed to her in a memorandum that they are not happy with the change in dates and want the high profile film event to he be held before or after the patron saints' festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335654", "title": "Ten-minute blaze razes serial set, actors escape", "text": "Kolkata: A set for a television serial at Moon City Studio in Haridevpur was completely damaged in a fire on Monday morning. While the actors and crew members managed to escape in time, cameras and other equipment were destroyed. The cause of the fire is not yet known.At around 11.10am on Monday, the set, made up of inflammable materials, caught fire. Though five fire tenders rushed to the spot at 11.30am, within 10 minutes the makeshift building had turned into ashes. \"By then, everything was over,\" said Biswajit Guha, owner of the Tron Videotricks, which was producing the serial.Guha said that the incident happened when they were shooting for the 17th episode of the mega serial Nader Nemai. \"The set comprised a two-storeyed mud house with a thatched roof of Sri Chaitanyadev, a toll (old Sanskrit school) of Adaitya Acharya, a Krishna temple of Dinanath, a Buddha temple and other components of the serial. Besides, cameras and lights were also damaged completely,\" said Guha.\"The shooting was in full swing when the fire broke out. But we managed to bring out the actors and crew members. But we could not save the equipment. After the last crew member left the set, the set just collapsed,\" said director of the serial, Shakdi Dutta. \"We have really no idea how to rebuild the set,\" said Sujoy Chakraborty, manager of the unit.Narrating the horror, a member of the production unit said: \"Before we could realize it, the fire engulfed the entire set. We were scared to see the flames that rose as high as a three-storeyed building.\" The damage is estimated to be at least Rs 1 crore, the member added.According to fire brigade sources, the fire could have sparked from a lit cigarette butt. \"Even moments carelessness can lead to such a disaster. That's what happened here,\" said an official of the fire brigade.The unit is now finding it difficult to rebuild the set. \"Since the serial is already on air, we are looking for outdoor locations in rural Bengal where we can find similar houses and temples to resume the shooting. The problem is there is hardly any time left for completing the serial,\" said Guha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336813", "title": "Researchers\u2019 training programme on data analysis", "text": "KANPUR: Researchers' training VIII on data analysis using SAS ( statistical analysis system ) kickstarted at the Agricultural Knowledge and Management Unit (AKMU) of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology on Monday. This training programme will continue till March 24.This training programme is sponsored by the Indian Statistical Research Institute, New Delhi under the National Agricultural Innovative Project. Experts from the Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Izzatnagar, Bareilly including Dr B Singh, Dr Medram Verma and Dr Ajay Shukla imparted training to the CSA scientists.Director Research Dr LP Tiwari inaugurated the training programme at the dean faculty room. A total of 28 research scientists of CSA and the Indian Institute of Pulses Research (IIPR) were the participants.Naushad Khan, media-in-charge of the university, informed that this project was sanctioned in May 2008 but due to non procurement of SAS software, it was started in April 2009. He said the main objective of the project was to strengthen the statistical computing and increase the quality of research and publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336354", "title": "Photo lessons for students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The art of photography is a perfect blend of vision and science which captures the unforgettable moments of your life and that's the reason why the photographer has to capture every moment, said jaipur-based photographer Umesh Gogna. He was interacting with the students of photojournalism and visual communication of Allahabad University.Parting number of useful tips to the students during a four-day workshop organised by the centre of photojournalism and visual communication, AU, Gogna taught minute details of the digital photography in any given outdoor location. He told them about the importance of light in photography for outdoor shoots. He emphasised the effects and technique in outdoor locations, background and handling raw profile. The young talent was also taught of various skills of photography that is used in model and fashion photography. The students practiced the newly learnt skill in presence of the expert.Director of the centre, Prof GK Rai said the centre has always tried to invite eminent persons in the field of photography and journalism which keep the student at pace with the changing technology.Such workshops come handy for these students to learn the skill in their area of expertise, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336699", "title": "HC allows set off for term served abroad by UK convict", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court has ruled that detention period of an accused in United States should be counted as part of his jail term in India. A single-judge bench of Justice AV Nirgude allowed petition of British national Allan John Waters (63) giving him a \"set off\" for the period of his detention in United States. Waters, with another British national Duncan Grant, were convicted in a child sex abuse case in Anchorage Shelters in Colaba. Waters was also lodged in Nagpur Central Jail for a brief period.The Supreme Court on March 18 last year had upheld Mumbai sessions court order of 2006 convicting and sentencing the British Navy officers to six year jail term. The Bombay High Court had quashed the lower court order in 2008. \"The detention of petitioner in America was during investigation in this case. Thus, he is entitled to get set off for that period,\" the judge ruled providing relief to Waters.Waters was chargesheeted under Section 377 by the Colaba police station on November 15, 2001, for sexually abusing homeless minors. After investigation, Waters had gone to United States and CBI issued a red-corner notice in his name. Accordingly, he was arrested on July 2, 2003, in New York. He was extradited to India on September 6, 2004.The sessions court convicted him on March 18, 2006, under various offences and sentenced him to suffer rigorous imprisonment for six years. However, he was not given benefit of his detention period in New York which was one year and two months. The order was followed by the apex court. Waters then challenged the lower court order for getting the \"set off\".Citing Section 428 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), 1973, Justice Nirgude observed that all proceedings permissible under it for collection of evidence is investigation. \"The moment offence was registered in this case, the investigation started. When police sought arrest warrant against the petitioner, it was a part of investigation. Whatever happened subsequent to issuance of warrant was thus part of the investigation,\" he said.The judge added that after the petitioner was brought to India whatever steps like recording of his statement or his identification period were all part of the investigation. \"So by no stretch of imagination, one can say that the detention of petitioner in the US was not for investigation,\" the court said. However, the order would come into effect from April 13 on request of government's counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12335466", "title": "Dirty govt buses may soon be a thing of the past", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters may no longer travel in dirty state roadways buses as the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation is installing an automatic cleaning machine at its depot in Greater Noida. The system, which will begin operation from April, will take 3-4 minutes for cleaning a bus and is like the one functional at the bus depot in sector 35 for the last four years.The roadways have tied up with a private company for installing the system. \"Work is on in full swing for setting up the plant,\" said a senior official. \"Platforms are being set up along with the machinery for the process,\" he added.At present, the 79 buses are cleaned manually leaving a lot of scope for sanitation. \"Due to lack of alternate means of transport in Greater Noida, most buses in our fleet are used daily for long distances leaving a small time slot for cleaning and maintenance. The automatic plant would ensure that cleaning of buses is done quickly and efficiently,\" said the official. TVC-type brushes suspended from rotating wheelers on overhead tracks would ensure that the cleaning is done evenly on both sides and roofs of buses.The buses in Greater Noida ply to five destinations in Delhi - New Delhi Railway Station, Kashmere Gate, Dhaula Kuan, Sarai Kale Khan and Anand Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335679", "title": "Two youths fall off packed trains, die", "text": "Kolkata: Obstruction of train movement in the Sealdah-Bongaon section of Eastern Railway's Sealdah division for over an hour resulted in the death of two young persons, including a first-year college student, on Monday morning. According to the police and railway officials, the two fell out from an over-crowded local train after the obstruction was lifted.A few days ago, Eastern Railway announced the cancellation of a few local trains on Tuesday due to non-interlocking work in the Barasat-Hasnabad section. Around 8 am on Monday, a group of commuters squatted on the tracks at Barasat station to protest against this decision. While police succeeded in evicting the squatters, another group began an agitation. When train services resumed, the trains were found to be overcrowded.Soon after this, Priyanka Sinha - a first-year student of Surendranath College in Sealdah - boarded the rear ladies compartment of a Sealdah-bound local train from Durganagar. Sources said Priyanka managed to hang on somehow. It is not clear whether she was pushed or she lost her grip and fell. Her body was later recovered from the tracks.\"We also found the body of a youth aged about 25 on the tracks. He too may have fallen out of a local train. We can't be sure which train they fell off from,\" said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336753", "title": "Shehla murder case: Another arrest in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A joint team of the Special Task Force (STF) of the UP police and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) late on Sunday night arrested another sharpshooter in connection with the high-profile killing of RTI activist Shehla Masood, who was shot in broad daylight outside her residence in Bhopal's posh Koh-e-Fiza locality on August 16.This is the second arrest from the Industrial city in connection with the high-profile killing of the Bhopal-based RTI activist.Police sources told TOI that in a pre-dawn swoop, sleuths of STF and CBI arrested Tabish, a resident of Talaq Mahal near Dada Miyan crossing of the city. Tabish, son of Mateen, is also a listed history-sheeter of the city and works as a mechanic at an arms shop on Meston Road. He is allegedly part of the hit team of three sharpshooters that was involved in the murder. The trio had boarded Mumbai bound Pushpak express from Kanpur Central and reached Bhopal on August 10 to accomplish the task.It is understood that he is in fact Salim, an absconder whose name surfaced soon after the arrest of Irfan alias Shyam. The third sharpshooter, Shanu Olanga, was murdered here last year by his opponents. During the initial round of investigation, Irfan had tried to hoodwink the sleuths by taking the fictitious name of Salim, instead of Tabish. \"Tabish has confessed to his involvement in eliminating Shehla,\" STF sources said.One among the three alleged shooters, Shanu Olanga, was chased and shot by two motorcycle-borne miscreants at the Gora Kabristan near the DIG Bungalow on November 30, 2011, while Irfan was arrested by the CBI from his house in Heeraman Ka Purwa in Beconganj locality on February 28.According to sources, the CBI sleuths had been tipped about Tabish by Irfan, who at present is in CBI custody in Indore.STF DySP Triveni Singh said: \"Tabish has been taken to Lucknow for further questioning.\" CBI is likely to produce him in a special court in Lucknow. As Tabish's father Mateen is a gun-smith at an Arms shop in the city, the police also suspect him to be the key supplier of arms to Irfan and Shanu Olanga.Tabish is also supposed to be a relative of mastermind Saqib Danger and came in touch with him during his visit to his aunt's place in Nariyal Kheda locality of Bhopal a couple of years back. His aunt is a neighbour of Saqib Danger, the sources added.\"Cops also suspect that Saqib Danger had handed over the task to his relative Tabish, who had further roped Irfan and Shanu Olanga to execute the operation,\" an STF source told TOI.During interrogation, Irfan had reportedly revealed that he and Shanu Olanga and Salim (Tabish) -- were paid Rs 2 lakh by the Bhopal-based architect Zahida Pervez and Saqib Danger for killing the RTI activist.The sleuths of STF and CBI had on Sunday evening raided the Talaq Mahal house of Tabish. On not getting Tabish there, they detained his two brothers, Danish and Amir, and their father Mateen and took them to Kotwali police station for questioning.Though family members of Tabish claimed that he is into garment business after winding off his tour and travel business in Bhopal, the latter had not visited their place since 2007. During investigations, the CBI stumbled upon some phone call records of Tabish that corraborated his presence in Bhopal at the time of Shehla's killing.CBI is likely to grill Irfan's wife and family members of Tabish in yet another round of questioning.The CBI has already arrested Bhopal-based interior designer Zahida Parvez, Saqib Danger and Saba Farooqui in connection with the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336306", "title": "Allahabad High Court turns down plea on re-counting of votes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday dismissed a writ petition filed by a candidate of the Congress party, seeking re-counting of votes of Koll assembly election in Aligarh district.Through his petition, the petitioner challenged the election of Zamir Ullah Khan, who won the assembly election from Samajwadi Party from 75 Koll assembly constituency in Aligarh district.This order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Baghel on a writ petition filed by Vivek Bansal who was defeted by the SP candidate.The petitioner claimed to be the secretary of the All India Congress Committee and had been the member of legislative assembly and is presently the member of legislative council. The petitioner had said that he lost the assembly election by a margin of 599 votes only. He was shown to be leading in counting in 23 rounds, but ultimately lost the election. His counsel R Sripat contended that for re-counting of votes, the petitioner had submitted a written request to the district election officer, but the result was declared.Foundation stone: The foundation stone of administrative Annexe of the Allahabad High Court was laid by chief Justice S R Alam on Monday. The Annexe is situated adjacent to the office of advocate general of UP on GT Road in front of the high court.Senior judge, Justice Amitava Lala, was also present on this occasion along with the Chief Justice and other judges of the high court. Apart from several sitting judges, other prominent persons present included advocate general S P Gupta, registrar general V C Gupta, president and secretary of the Allahabad High Court Bar Association V P Srivastava and N C Tripathi respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336016", "title": "Train hits truck, 7 hurt", "text": "PATNA: Seven persons were injured when the locomotive of 73261 Islampur-Patna MEMU passenger train dashed against a truck at a manned level crossing gate near Daniyawan on Fatuha-Islampur section under the Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR) at 7.35am on Monday.The injuries were reported to be of minor nature and the injured were allowed to go home after first aid at the government hospital, Fatuha, in Patna district.According to Fatuha GRP, the incident took place when the truck broke the gate and collided with the MEMU locomotive coming from Islampur. A case has been registered with the Fatuha GRP in this connection, police said.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, the impact of collision was so powerful that the truck rolled back hitting three other vehicles - a bus, an SUV and an Ambassador car - which were behind the truck at the level crossing gate. He said normal traffic on the section was restored at 11.30am.According to Danapur PRO R K Singh, an accident relief train and medical van left for the site at 8am from Danapur along with railway doctors. The PRO said that Danapur DRM L M Jha, senior divisional commercial manager (senior DCM) Arvind Rajak and many other railway officials also rushed to the site from Danapur to take stock of the situation. The locomotive, too, was partially damaged in the incident, he said.Danapur DRM said that local people did not allow the gateman to close the gate due to heavy rush. Unfortunately, the MEMU train reached there and collided with the truck. A probe has been ordered into the reasons behind the mishap, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335326", "title": "Govt comes under fire for failure to curb graft", "text": "Mumbai: The opposition parties on Monday criticized the DF government for its failure to initiate action against the cases of corruption raised in the state legislative assembly and expressed concern over the deteriorating law and order situation and declining growth of the state.Initiating a debate in the assembly on a motion thanking governor K Sankaranarayanan's address to the joint session of the state legislature, leader of opposition Eknath Khadse on Monday said that the governor's speech was directionless and did not have effective measures to curb rampant corruption in the government. \"I appreciate chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for his clean image. No one can question Chavan's credibility. But the problem with Chavan is that he does not take any decisions, thus giving no opportunity for opposition parties to take on the CM,\" Khadse said.Khadse added, \"I had pointed out irregularities in cases of allotment of land for Subhash Ghai's film institute, Hiranandani land in Powai and the oil mafia. The government did not act on any of these issues. Instead when these issues were taken up in the Bombay high court, almost in every case the court has slammed the government and issued directives to take action. If the government is not going to take action on the issues raised in the House and members have to depend on the court, then what is the need of the assembly?\" Khadse asked.Stating that the governor's speech offers nothing new compared to last year, Khadse expressed dissatisfaction with it. \"There used to be days when we (members) use to wait anxiously for the governor's speech. But the scenario is no more the same in the past few years. This year more then 50% of the issues mentioned in the governor's speech are similar to one mentioned in last years speech.\"The opposition attacked the government for corruption in the legislative council also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336856", "title": "Teen driver surrenders, sent to remand home", "text": "NAGPUR: The teenage driver of the car that killed two ITI students on Saturday finally surrendered to the police on Monday. The 16-year-old walked into Dhantoli police station along with a close relative on Monday morning. The XI-standard student of a private institution, who is slated to complete 17 years later this year, was denied bail by the principal magistrate of juvenile court that preferred to wait for the report of probation officer.Police have also booked teen's father Sushil Jhamb, also owner of the car, under relevant sections of Motor Vehicles Act. The cloth merchant, though, is still at large. Police said they were looking for him.Sushil Jhamb has been booked under the Motor Vehicles Act in connection with the mishap. Though police had earlier contemplated booking him for abetment of offence that could have attracted stringent punishment, they settled for a more docile MV Act.Sources at Dhantoli police station said that his son, a teenager, has given a clean chit to his father in the statement before the cops. He said that father was at his shop when he sneaked out of the house with the car without informing his family. The teenager blamed a cyclist for the mishap. He claimed that he had swerved to the left to save the cylist and lost control of the vehicle. It has also come to fore that the teenager was a regular behind the wheels and often ferried his friends and family members.Senior inspector of Dhantoli police station Sanjay Joshi said they would contemplate booking the family members for shielding the accused. \"The family members did not disclose the boy's whereabouts,\" he said.Apart from legal process involving surrendered teenager, Dhantoli police also had to deal with the agitation by the kin of the victims and ITI students. The families of deceased students Vaibhav Ghuguskar and Sagar Bawne reached the police station to demand strict action against the teen driver and his three friends in the car. Two other students Sushil Uikey and Kailash Birde are still fighting for their life.The cops, gauging the mood of the victims' kin and their friends, left with the teen moments before agitators reached the police station. The kin, returning after last rites of the victims, visited the college before coming to the accident spot for completing certain rites. Later, they went to the police station raising slogans along with other students. Mother of one of the victims pleaded with the cops that the culprits should not be spared. They vented their ire on the car involved in the accident. They damaged the fourwheeler which is to be evidence in the case. Police had to resort to lathi-charge to disperse the crowd. Sources close to Jhamb family claimed that the teenager had slipped into a narrow lane in Rahate Colony after the incident to evade the irate crowd. They claimed the family had left their Hanuman Nagar residence fearing an attack by kin and friends of the victims.\"We wanted the boy to surrender but he was too depressed to be brought to police station. He would have to spend a night at the police station if we had presented him to the cops on Sunday. Our intention was not to avoid the police,\" a source close to the family said. Sources also underlined the fact that the Jhambs and families of the other teens in the car were keen to ensure those injured in the accident were given proper treatment.\"These boys were not drunk. Police found chocolates in the car,\" he said. Some NGOs have also come forward to take responsibility of treatment of the injured students. The accused teen,who kept his chin dug in his chest most of the time in the court, was taken to the government observation and children's home for boys after the court rejected his bail application. Defence lawyer Prakash Jaiswal argued that the teenager would have got a valid licence within a few months. Dhantoli police station's sub-inspector Dinesh Jhambre argued that granting bail would send a wrong message considering gravity of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335414", "title": "Sheila Dikshit photo on EC website, BJP cries foul", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi state election commission (SEC) has decided to remove the photograph of chief minister Sheila Dikshit from its website. The decision was taken after BJP demanded immediate removal of the photograph as it was a violation of the model code of conduct. The Delhi government's website - www.delhigov.nic.in - is the only link to SEC's website.\"For queries, people will visit the election commission's website and CM's photo on the website sends a wrong signal to the public,'' said Anil Soni, convener, BJP legal cell. In a letter to Rakesh Mehta, the state election commissioner, Soni has asked that the picture be removed immediately. With less than a month left for the municipal polls, BJP has launched a fresh attack on the Dikshit government and also questioned the SEC's independence. \"The SEC is an independent body, then why should it display the CM's picture? I'm going to write to the chief election commissioner regarding this violation of code of conduct,\" said mayor Rajni Abbi.Following the complaint made by the state BJP, the poll panel has decided to remove Dikshit's photograph, but other details regarding Delhi government's schemes will not be removed. \"I have asked the Delhi government's IT department to remove the photo from the website. It was on the site as this website is managed by the Delhi government's IT department. The website is supposed to be interactive so other links will stay,'' said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335323", "title": "Israeli diplomat attack case: Bombers used many passports, police say", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three suspects in last month's Aurangzeb Road car bombing case may have visited the country several times, investigators say. The passport of Houshang Afshar Irani, who is believed to have stuck the bomb to Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren's Toyota Innova on February 13, records only two entries: in April 2011 and January 2012. However, police say, Irani and his co-conspirators, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi, possibly used other passports also. \"We suspect Irani and the two others made more visits,\" a senior officer told TOI.Investigation has also revealed that Irani spent more than six hours at IGI airport after the blast. Had the authorities acted on Israel's claim about Iranian involvement in the attack, he might not have gotten away on the flight to Malaysia that night.\"The bomb went off at 3.15pm and he reached the airport around 4.30pm, though his flight left only around 11pm. We have the CCTV footage from the airport,\" said a source. While Irani stayed on in Delhi till the day of the blast, Mahdiansadr and Abolghasemi had reportedly fled in January after helping him survey the target area and assemble the bomb. Delhi Police sources said a request for issuing a red corner notice against the group's operations head, Sedaghatzadeh Masoud, was being sent. Masoud has been detained in Kuala Lumpur for a blast in Bangkok , and is named as one of the conspirators of the Delhi blast. CBI, the nodal agency for Interpol in India, has begun the process of issuing the notice and Interpol will be informed by Tuesday evening. Investigators are now trying to ascertain whether Masoud, too, visited India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339210", "title": "Astute Mani does a balancing act", "text": "In the budget speech delivered by the finance minister K M Mani several changes have been announced across various sectors of the economy.With a wafer-thin majority for the government,the finance minister faced several challenges while presenting his 10th budget. Various projects including the metro and monorail projects, Vallarpadom and Vizhinjam projects, high-speed rail projects have been given emphasis which will give a thrust to infrastructure growth in the state. In the education sector, allocation has been made for several projects including medical colleges at Wayanad, Kollam and Palakkad and an amount of Rs 5 crore has been set apart for the initial funding for the IIT project at Palakkad.On the taxes and levies front, Mani has taken bold steps on the one hand and also played to the masses on the other hand. The increase in standard VAT rates by 1%,in addition to the increase in indirect taxes in the Union budget, will definitely have an inflationary impact. The increase in road tax for private vehicles and land tax will result in higher revenue for the government. The finance minister has also increased the taxes on goods such as cigarettes,pan masala, IMFL, and plastic bags which are hazardous to the users and to the environment.The reduction in VAT on edible oil and several daily household provisions will be a matter of great joy for the common man. Mani has reduced the taxes on certain expensive medical accessories including intra-ocular lens, heart valve and cardiac stents. Also,the tax on e-toilets and cradles have been reduced. Honey, hives and apiary implements have been exempted from tax. Ayurvedic products classified as cosmetics will cost less due to reduction in taxes and this may boost the ayurvedic cosmetic industry in the state. Coconut water has been declared as the most favoured drink of the state and tax on packaged coconut water has been reduced. To conclude, Mani has presented a balanced budget and the critical challenge faced by the government is to implement the projects and proposals envisaged in the plan.(The writer, Vivek Krishna Govind, is partner,Varma &amp; Varma Chartered Accountant and former chairman of ICAI.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337088", "title": "Diamond industry to shut shop on March 22", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat have unanimously decided to observe a day's closure on Thursday to voice their protest against Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) drive to collect professional tax from diamond manufacturers and workers.A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting held at Surat Diamond Association's (SDA) office in Varachha on Monday, which was attended by over 1,000 diamond manufacturers.Diamantaires said professional tax is applicable to small, medium and big units as well as cutters and polishers. A small unit has about 35-40 workers and a big unit employs about 2,000 to 3,000 workers at a time.Since the diamond cutters and polishers are employed on a piece-meal basis, the wages wary from worker to worker, depending upon their skills. The diamond unit owners have to deposit professional tax to the civic body on behalf of the workers employed in their units. However, a small unit owner employing 35-40 workers has to pay anything between Rs 3,000 to Rs 3,500 as professional tax per month.The Rs 80,000 crore worth Surat's diamond cutting and polishing industry, which contributes 80 per cent by value and about 90 by volume in export of polished diamonds in the country, has about 3,500 diamond cutting and polishing units employing about 4.5 lakh diamond workers.Dinesh Navadia, president, SDA, said, \"Diamond workers are employed on a piece-meal basis and they are not going to allow their employers to deduct professional tax from their wages. The diamond manufacturers are ready to pay professional tax, but they want their workers to be kept out from the tax net.\"Navadia said workers earning Rs 3,000 to Rs 6,000 per month have to pay Rs 20 as professional tax and those earning Rs 6,000-9,000 per month Rs 80. Workers earning Rs 9,000-12,000 have to pay Rs 150 and those earning above Rs12,000 have to pay Rs 200.Ghanshyam Gabani, who runs a diamond unit in Varachha employing about 100 workers, said, \"Most of my workers fall under the wage slab of Rs 9,000 to Rs 12,000 per month. However, I will have to pay Rs 1.80 lakh every year as professional tax. If I deduct professional tax from their wages, the workers would oppose.\"Municipal commissioner, Manoj Das, said, \"Professional tax will be collected as per law. We are ready to discuss with the diamond industry leaders and try to resolve the misunderstanding prevailing in the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337548", "title": "Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation proposes skywalk in station area", "text": "VADODARA: The station area of the city might see yet another skywalk. Unlike the first skywalk that is a structure of steel and hardly has any aesthetic value, the one proposed near the state transport (ST) bus depot may be pleasing to the eyes.Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) officials said the proposal for the new skywalk linking the platform number seven of the railway station to the swanky ST depot under construction in place of the old one was made by Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC) officials. VMC officials said the company that is constructing the new bus depot may make the skywalk too.The ST depot is just across the street from the platform seven, but there is heavy traffic through which the passengers had to go through when the bus depot was operational. The skywalk is proposed to take care of this problem. It will also ensure that the movement of GSRTC buses is not obstructed due to pedestrians who come out in large numbers when a train arrives at the platform.\"The VMC just has to give permission for the structure as it will cross our road. Also, if any advertisements are put up, the issue of advertising rights will have to be discussed,\" said a VMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335715", "title": "Opposition seeks power connection for all farmers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress MLAs staged a walk-out from the assembly when they failed to get an assurance from the state government on giving electricity connections to all the farmer in the state, including those in 54 talukas falling under the dark zone.State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia, taking part in the debate on agriculture said that the state government has decided to give electricity connection to 33,000 farmers in the state. But the number of those waiting for the connections was over 10 lakh. \"Will the state government give an assurance that all farmers will be given electricity connections,\" he asked. As soon as he sought an assurance, the Congress MLAs started shouting slogans accusing the BJP of being anti-farmer and anti-fishermen.Meanwhile, the government said that there were 4,403 villages in 54 talukas of Mehsana, Patan, Banaskantha, Gandhinagar , Ahmedabad, Junagadh, Bharuch, Kehda, Kutch, Sabarkantha and Surendranagar that were declared as 'dark zone'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12337199", "title": "Wires at Sahnewal airport may go underground", "text": "LUDHIANA: The high tension wires near Sahnewal airport that were coming in the way of installing the DVOR navigational system may finally go underground as the deputy commissioner has mooted a proposal to the civil aviation department to allot Rs 1.5 crore for the project. The DC has prepared the proposal in consultation with airport officials.In the proposal Rs 3 crore have also been demanded to construct a road from the airport till Chandigarh link road that would help villagers living near the airport. Sources revealed that chairman of AAI V P Aggarwal had recently written a letter to aviation department following which this proposal was prepared.Deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari said, \"I had called a meeting with airport officials and after consulting them I prepared a proposal in which Rs 1.5 crore have been demanded for under grounding of high tension wires and Rs 3 crore for construction of road. If the state government approves the proposal it would take six months for the work but if government does not show interest it would become difficult.''Airport officials have also demanded pruning of trees near DVOR, construction of approach road on the side of main road so that employees can reach DVOR for its maintenance and that any building getting constructed near the airport would seek a no objection certificate from AAI.In December, 2011 the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited had demanded Rs 1.5 crore from AAI for under grounding of 66KV high tension wires because they were already shifting 11KV high tension wires from there. Without shifting these wires the airport authorities would not be able to install DVOR and problem of poor visibility would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12338503", "title": "Google-Motorola deal under lens in China", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc said its proposed $12.5 billion purchase of Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc would improve consumer choice after Chinese regulators extended their probe of the deal, the last hurdle before the sale is completed.China's Anti-Monopoly Bureau has expanded the second phase of its investigation, Libertyville, Illinois-based Motorola Mobility said in a regulatory filing yesterday. While Motorola Mobility and Google expect the transaction to close in the first half, they said they can provide no assurances the transaction will be approved by China.Google, facing legal disputes over its Android smartphone software, is counting on the deal to be able to draw on more than 17,000 patents from Motorola Mobility. The acquisition is the largest wireless-equipment deal in at least a decade, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .\"We continue to work closely with regulators in China on their review of our planned acquisition, which will enhance competition, bringing consumers faster innovation and more choice,\" Taj Meadows, a Tokyo-based spokesman for Google, said in an e-mail today.Shen Danyang, a spokesman for China's Ministry of Commerce, of which the Anti-Monopoly Bureau is part, declined to comment on the case today.The acquisition, announced last year, has received approvals in Europe, the US and other jurisdictions around the world. Motorola Mobility said in a regulatory filing in February that it needed approval in China and Taiwan .Motorola Mobility rose less than 1 per cent to $39.34 at the close in New York , while Google rose 1.4 per cent to $633.98.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335954", "title": "Chennai students begin sparrow count online", "text": "CHENNAI: Their chirps were once part of household sounds familiar and beloved to people in the city, but sparrows have today vanished from most localities in Chennai as they have from other metros.But on World Sparrow Day on Tuesday, while others in the city shake their heads at the dwindling sparrow population, five engineering students and their professor will begin a headcount of sparrows on Facebook as part of their Save Our Sparrows (SOS) campaign.\"We have created a Facebook page on which we have put up a survey form,\" said Karthikeya Reddy, project coordinator of the program and an electronics student from Sri Venkateshwara Engineering College in Sri Perumbudur. \"The form contains pictures of male and female sparrows as well as a few other details to look out for. People can use the form to note details about sparrows spotted in any area in the city as well as other details like nesting spots and whether the sparrows spotted are male or female.\"Photographs of these sightings are also welcome as that will make verification easy for us,\" he added. No census has been conducted on sparrows in the city so far, but bird watchers have reported a decline in sightings, attributed primarily to radiation from mobile phone towers.The sightings will then be verified by 100 volunteers, mostly college students, spread across the city. \"These students have been given pictures of sparrows and briefed about various distinguishing features between males and females,\" said Professor T Murugavel, faculty-in-charge of the programme and a seasoned birdwatcher.\"Based on the sightings and verification, we will be able to reach a fair estimate of the areas where sparrow populations are concentrated and their numbers,\" said Karthikeya Reddy.For Karthikeya and team members Madan Kumar, Jaikumar, Ramesh Rajesh and Subburajan, five avid 20-year-old birdwatchers, sparrows are a common sight in their college grounds. \"We have also often gone bird watching with Prof Murugavel. However, most of our classmates and friends have never ever spotted a sparrow. It was professor's idea to conduct a sparrow census.\"\"I had suggested a conventional survey, visiting each household and making notes on paper,\" said Murugavel. \"But the students came up with the idea of doing it on through Facebook, which will reach a wider audience and much faster too. We will consult experts when the data we collect is analyzed.\" The exercise is expected to take a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335016", "title": "French consulate staffer kills self", "text": "Mumbai: A foreign national working in the French consulate allegedly committed suicide due to 'loneliness' at her rented accommodation in Bandra (W).The police, who learnt about the incident on Monday, ruled out foul play. Iwona Kuczma (31) was found hanging from a ceiling fan. The police recovered a diary, in which she wrote that she was disturbed because of loneliness. Kuczma was staying alone in Bandra since November and her landlady said she last saw her on Sunday, when she returned home around 8pm.Her colleagues called to enquire about her whereabouts on Monday, but she did not respond. The consulate employees informed the landlady, who called the police around 3pm. The police said they found sharp injuries on the deceased's wrists and have sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335189", "title": "MCD polls: Gadkari survey helps BJP shortlist candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhi State Election Commission has begun accepting nominations for the municipal polls, BJP's election committee held two meetings to finalise its list of 272 candiates on Monday. The party, which controls MCD, is planning to release the final list of candidates on the first day of Navratras -- March 23.A 19-member committee shortlisted three candidates from each ward.Till late Monday, candidates for 90 seats had been shortlisted from three lists submitted by its mandals. This followed a survey by the state wing of BJP.\"We are going through the lists of candidates in every ward and discussing each aspect in details,'' said Vijender Gupta, president Delhi BJP.Sources say the election committee decided to take up wards as per its zone division. The party has 14 zonal offices in Delhi. On Monday, the party shortlisted candidates from 90 wards which are part of four zones-Chandni Chowk, Keshavpuram, Outer Delhi and North-west.A survey conducted by BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari played a critical role in deciding the names of short listed candidates.\"There was a lot of repetition in the names submitted by various teams. The survey ordered by Gadkari helped us to narrow down the number of ticket seekers. These people have been working with the party for several years and we are going through each profile carefully,'' said Vani Tripathi, member of the election committee and national general secretary of the BJP. Scrapping its original plan to finalise names from sitting councillors, the party has decided to release the new list of candidates on March 23, which marks the beginning of navratras. Sources say the decision was taken keeping in mind the party's defeat in 2008 elections where the list of candidates was announced during shraadh, which as per Hindu faith is considered an inauspicious .\"We want to begin an important work on an auspicious date. We don't want anything to go wrong this time,'' said a BJP leader, who is part of the election committee.Another reason for not releasing the list right now is that the party fears a revolt from sitting councillors and party workers who have not been selected.The committee is going to meet on Tuesday to shortlist candidates from the remaining wards. Senior leaders of the party will decide on the final names on March 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335229", "title": "Bangladesh rules out dawn-to-dusk curfew in border areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladesh on Monday virtually ruled out imposing a dawn-to-dusk curfew on its side of the porous border as done by India to check illegal cross-border movement at night even as both the countries agreed on expanding ground-level cooperation to maintain peace and preparing fresh lists of criminals.\"We don't believe in curfew, rather we believe in sensitizing the border areas' population so that they are aware of the consequences of crossing the border without any documents. We don't believe in curfew or any other restriction within the territorial boundary of Bangladesh,\" Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) director general Major General Anwar Hussain said after the border coordination conference.Asked about enforcement of a dusk-to-dawn curfew at the border as a confidence-building measure to its Indian counterpart BSF that has implemented such a step, Hussain said their (BGB) stand was that \"each citizen has the right to move\" and a curfew was not needed.Hussain, who led a 22-member delegation, also said both the forces have worked out some \"out-of-the-box\" solutions to ensure safety and security along the frontier. \"We have come to a consensus that we have common enemies (terrorists, smugglers, human-traffickers) to fight,\" the BGB chief said, who was flanked by the BSF chief U K Bansal.It was agreed during the meeting that both the forces will \"sensitize\" the population in border areas on their sides and urge them to carry valid documents while crossing over to the other side.\"I am very happy to report that we have reached and advanced our understanding of the issues on the border. We have a far better understanding of issues of concern to both countries and most importantly we have been able to achieve a high-level of understanding on how to address those issues in the best interest of both countries,\" Bansal said.During the four-day conference, the BSF handed over to their Bangladeshi counterparts a list of 51 camps and 22 Indian insurgent group leaders present in their territory.On the issue of fencing within 150 yards of the international border in 185 patches, both sides agreed to start the work of joint survey in different areas by joint teams of BSF and BGB, starting first week of April. Both sides agreed to inform each other in advance about construction works through respective nodal officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12337008", "title": "Anna Hazare to visit Kovai soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: Volunteers of India Against Corruption on Monday held a protest in front of the Red Cross Building against the recent killing of a youth in Tirunelveli and an IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh by the land mining mafia.G Vaman, coordinator of India Against Corruption, Coimbatore chapter, said anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare will visit the city soon. \"Anna has expressed his interest in visiting Coimbatore. He will visit the city soon but the dates have not been decided. We hope Annaji will create a wave in the city,\" he said.Vaman said on March 25, they will conduct country-wide agitations against corruption. \"We have been told that Annaji will be leading the protests at the national-level. We will conduct campaigns in the city as well. We are now trying to popularise the campaign, especially amongst the youth,\" he said.\"We campaigned in the recent by-election at Sankarankoil urging all candidates to support the Lokpal bill. We received wide-spread support from all sections of society. We also informed people that if they think that all the candidates are not worthy of their votes, they can use the 49 'O' rule, deciding not to vote. Many have used this option in the election,\" he said.The volunteers at the protest raised slogans against the recent killings of Sathesh, the youth at Tirunelveli and an IPS officer in Madhya Pradesh by the land mining mafia. They said that the government must take stringent actions against the corrupt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336821", "title": "Activists blame traffic cops for underage drivers", "text": "NAGPUR: With traffic police turning blind eye and parents behaving ignorant, a disturbing trend of minors driving vehicles has been noticed in the city, recently. \"Minors behind the wheels on city roads have increased manifold and Saturday's mishap, in which two youngsters were killed because of an underage spoiled brat driving a car, should serve as a warning to parents,\" said traffic activist Vinay Kunte. Such incidents are repeatedly happening only because the rich know that they can get away with murder, he said.Endorsing Kunte, lawyer and secretary of International Society for Road Transport and Safety Tushar Mandlekar said that cops should also be held responsible for the mishap. \"While two families were destroyed due to death of their kids, the delay in action by city police is indicating that they are trying to favour the accused,\" he alleged. He also questioned the directives commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay had issued to cops, for a sterner interpretation of section 304 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, so that it is slapped against drivers causing fatal accidents.\"But when it comes to book the offender under 304 of the IPC, the CP is hesitant,\" rued Mandlekar. He pointed out that father of the minor, in this case, should be booked under 304 as it would send a strong message.\"Why did the police have to go to the RTO to know the name of the owner of the car? They knew the name of the boy driving the car and his address then why did they not immediately arrest the father who is the real culprit?\" asked Kunte.With good roads, most stretches in the city are vehicle friendly. But there is bad traffic sense and a potential accident which is just waiting to happen, said Kunte.Another traffic activist Raju Wagh said, \"Parents do not enforce proper age limit for driving. Youngsters love the thrill of speed which can result in fatal accidents.\" According to Wagh, the city's traffic branch requires strict senior cops like the now-retired ACP Anil Bobde. \"He had set an example by putting a break on traffic violators. But his short tenure failed to inculcate better traffic sense among people,\" he added.Bobde blamed cops for the accident. \"Had they acted tough against minors indulging in rash driving, the mishap could have been averted,\" he said. \"In fact, the absence of traffic policemen on busy roads like Wardha road is a serious issue, which the commissioner should look into,\" said the retired cop. The police, especially traffic cops, should carry out random checks so that traffic violators are taken to task, he advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12334237", "title": "Paoli Dam said she would stand naked before camera", "text": "Vivek Agnihotri has been associated with unusual in cinema and television both. His television show Aarohan had dealt with Indian Navy and he had shot it at actual locations, something new for TV medium. His other shows like Yeh Kahan Aa gaye Hum and his stand alone stories on shows like Gubbare, Saturday Suspense, X-Zone, Rishtey &amp; Neha - Mini Series created their own genre. His earlier two films Goal and Chocolate , too were very different in their treatment and subject. His forthcoming film is Hate Story and with the star cast of Nikhil Dwivedi, Paoli Dam and Gulshan Devaiah, it is already creating major ripples in the industry with first look and promo. In conversation with the filmmaker.How did 'Hate Story' initiate? Vikram Bhatt had written this very bold and gripping script. One day I got a call from him asking to look at this script. The first thing I asked him 'Why me?', as he is an accomplished director himself. He felt that the film has become very bold and we need to raise the bar. And for that he wanted a stylish, gutsy and matured director. Erotica is a tricky and delicate genre. And I had just finished shooting a cerebral Art House cinema 'Buddha In a Traffic Jam' with 570 future CEO's of India. Then I said why am I scared of erotica. Let's make erotica the way a French director would approach it. I was very clear that I was not interested in making a titillating movie. So I told him that if we have to make this film, we must not hold ourselves in any which way. He said an instant yes and we were on.What was your biggest challenge? Honestly, I had never thought about making an erotica. So, first challenge was to understand the genre. And make a list of what not to do. My bigger challenge was to find actors who could be so uninhibited that we could make it the way it should be made. It also meant that the actors should be able to stand naked and give such performance that body becomes secondary. I was lucky to find that in super talented Paoli Dam and Gulshan Devaiah.Your movie poster got 22 lakh views within 8 hours. That was overwhelming. In fact the trailer got a Record over lac views in less than 24 hours.Do you foresee any problem from censor board? If you are scared of censor or moral police I'd advice not to make a film. A scared, calculating mind can never make an honest film. All I can say is that I have never been and never will be scared.Why did you opt for Paoli Dam over an established actresses? I knew that she is a good actor. But when I met her first I asked her if she would stand naked in front of camera and without blinking her eyes, she said yes. And she was on. Paoli is a gifted actor. She is so talented that every scene with her finds value addition. Also, she is known for her boldness and comes with no inhibition. Normally when you shoot any sex scene we get the crew out of the sets. But in our case we shot all sex scenes with full crew on sets like we would shoot any other scene.Do you think India is ready for real erotica or are we little ahead of time? We were always ready. We have written Kamasutra. Our mythology, art and music has so much erotica in it. Have you read Kalidasa's Meghdootam or Ritusamhar? Read Ghalib. Its only recently that a scared government and vote-bank politicians have made mockery of freedom that we have started finding indirect and tittilating ways. Also, I think censor board also helped create such hypocritical ways of coming to the subject of eroticism.Any particular scene that required last minute changes or alterations? Not really except that Nikhil Dwivedi fell and broke his arm and we had to reschedule.What next? Buddha In a Traffic Jam is a very personal and intimate film, which I am releasing next. It's about intellectual terrorism - a subject never raised before in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335287", "title": "Teen caught for fraud tries to end life", "text": "Mumbai: Three youngsters are suspected to be involved in an Rs 4.98-lakh net banking fraud case. While the main suspect, Rohit Yadav (20), is not traceable, a Virar collegian, Nitesh Dube (18), allegedly attempted suicide at the Virar police station.Rohit, a Nalasopara resident, transferred Rs 4.98 lakh from the account of a customer of a Deonar-based bank into two fake accounts, in the name of Pramod Yadav and Suresh Burhani, at SBI's Virar branch.He asked his friends Sanjay Gupta (19) and Dube (18) to withdraw the money. The duo was called to the police station for questioning last Tuesday. Dube excused himself on the pretext of drinking water and found a bottle of phenyl, which he consumed. He was taken to a hospital and his condition is stable.On learning about the transaction, the bank customer registered a complaint and the SBI accounts were frozen. Unaware, Rohit asked his friends to withdraw cash. When the transaction was rejected, Rohit approached the bank, which contacted the police. Rohit managed to flee from the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336139", "title": "SP expels two workers for anti-party activities", "text": "LUCKNOW: Issuing a stern warning to the party leaders and workers that indiscipline and anti-party activities will not be tolerated, the Samajwadi Party on Monday expelled two office bearers for six years on charges of anti-party activities. State SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said two party office-bearers - Khadag Singh Patel, former district president of Kaushambhi and Ilyas Ansari, former general secretary of Kushinagar, who were expelled, had worked against the party candidates in the assembly elections.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had expelled five workers on Sunday for creating ruckus during swearing in function. Those expelled included Babulal (Sonbhadra), Wasim Rahul, Sharvat Chaudhary, Ameer Ahmad Siddiqui and Izhar Khan, all belonging to Meerut for indiscipline. Apart from this, 10 party workers had already been suspended for creating ruckus during swearing-in ceremony. These workers hailed from Agra, Etawah, Sultanpur, Meerut and Ghaziabad. Earlier, three SP leaders, including an MLC, were expelled on charges of working against party candidates in their respective districts during assembly poll. MLC and ex- minister Khwaja Haleem, ex- MLC Ram Naresh Yadav and ex-MLA Manik Chandra Yadav were expelled for anti-party activities. Khwaja Haleem, Ram Naresh and Manik Chandra had allegedly worked against party candidates in Aligarh, Etawah and Mainpuri respectively. SP had also removed its secretary Rajiv Rai on charges of anti-party activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336509", "title": "AC Sharma is new DGP, Jag Mohan ADG (law &amp; order and crime)", "text": "LUCKNOW: AC Sharma, a 1977 batch IPS officer, took over as the new director general of police (DGP) of the state on Monday. So far, Sharma was serving as director general, Dr Baba Sahib Bhim Rao Ambedkar Police Academy, Moradabad. He has replaced Atul, who has now been shifted to the home guards as the DG.In all, 26 IPS officers were shifted on Monday as a part of a major reshuffle in the UP police department. Jag Mohan Yadav has been appointed as ADG (law &amp; order and crime) while Subhash Chandra will be the new inspector general (IG) of Lucknow Zone. Chandra is the husband of senior IAS officer Anita Singh, who has been appointed as secretary to the chief minister.This was the third list of transfers of IPS officers issued since Sunday night. The transfers came on somewhat expected lines with most of the known Mayawati loyalists being shunted out to non-field postings.Brij Lal, who was the state police chief during the BSP regime and shifted to the PAC on the Election Commission's directives before the assembly polls, will now replace Sharma at the Police Training Academy in Moradabad.ADG (LO and crime) Subesh Kumar Singh will now head the police training wing at the police headquarters in Allahabad. ADG Rizwan Ahmed will now head the police telecom wing of UP Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336453", "title": "Idli, dosa rule the roost at Dasaswamedh", "text": "VARANASI: The South Indian delicacies have become an early morning breakfast option for thousands of locals and domestic tourists who come to the Dasaswamedh Road on a regular basis. Even foreign tourists cannot resist these mouth-watering items prepared in typical South Indian style. Served on leaf plates and bowls, dishes like idli, dosa, uttapam are being sold at a number of makeshift stalls that disappear by the time it is 10 am when the market starts opening.Babloo Pandey, who closed shop in Jaunpur district to come and cook South Indian delicacies near the ghat, said: \"The number of customers I get here in three-four hours is equal to the number of customers who came to my shop in two-three days in Jaunpur.\"According to Devendra Kumar, another vendor, there are some 20 such makeshift stalls in the area that start setting from 5-6 am from Godowlia Church to Dasaswamedh Ghat. \"People from Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and rest of southern region find it an accessible opportunity to splurge on their food in this area which is a major tourist attraction. After performing prayers and rituals at Vishwanath temple and the Ganga, they come to us in groups for breakfast,\" shared Mangal, a helper at a makeshift stall. \"However, a large number of locals arrive in this area for early morning walk and a dip in the river on a daily basis. They have become regular and reliable customers for the past two-three years,\" added Mangal.A majority of the customers frequenting these stalls area students. Vivek Kumar, a student of BCA who lives in a hostel in Sigra, said: \"Food has low oil content and is good for breakfast purpose. As the rate is affordable, one can splurge everyday.\" Akanksha Gupta, a student of the Banaras Hindu University (BHU), on the other hand feels that a visit to the Ganga is never complete without a boat ride from Asi Ghat to Dasaswamedh Ghat and these delicacies. \"However, one cannot eat this daily as there are less chances of the food being hygienic and clean,\" she opined.Even though the area is frequented by South Indian tourists round the year and that can be the main reason for the inception of this trend, if the vendors are to believed, 90% of their customers are locals. These stalls are giving a tough competition to traditional Banarasi breakfast that is kachhauris, with only two permanent shops selling kachhauris in the area. Shankar, a kachhauri shop owner, informed: \"Competition is not so high because different people like different things, but we suffer a loss sometimes while adjusting the cost according to the low cost of South Indian dishes being sold in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335151", "title": "Blending Indian beats with German", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was thumbs up by the audience for Lautstark! 4 and Ramesh Shotam, who performed at the German Jazz Concert on Monday at Law Auditorium in Panjab University. Audience from all walks of life applauded the band that picked up words from the audience itself and composed music on the spot. The concert was a perfect blend of Indian and German melodies, beats and rhythms.The band had Ramesh Shotham for percussion and voice; Jan F Kurth for voice; Mattias Urth on electric guitar; Lutz Streun on saxophone, clarinets and Demain Kappenstein on the drums. What made the band unique was their spontaneous emergence of compositions. \"We see what is going on around the city, put it all in a huge pot, fry it hard and what comes out is what everyone gets to hear,\" said Demain. Ramesh Shotham added Indian flavour to the concert which was carried forward by his band mates. In one of the compositions a South Indian beat played in temples was perfectly blended with German beats. The composition was a hit with the audience.Naina Sharma, a student of Panjab University at the concert, said, \"It was something I have never heard before. All their compositions felt fresh and alive. The best part was the mixture of Indo-German beats, especially the South Indian temple beat. I wish they had played more.\"The band too appreciated the audience. \"We got a great response from the audience. South Indian audience is great, but there's a different charm in performing in the North,\" Shotham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336777", "title": "HC notice over state of Boys' Home", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday ordered notice to the government over a suo motu PIL based on the registrar general's letter on conditions at the Government Home for Boys.The letter was written based on reports in TOI and other newspapers in February about inmates of the Home going on the rampage protesting against appaling conditions there.The bench enlarged the scope of the petition by including the Government Home for Girls in its ambit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337312", "title": "10-15% rise in H1N1 cases in March; Mexico, US affected too", "text": "PUNE: Scientists at the National Institute of Virology (NIV) have seen 10 to 15% rise in swine flu cases in March. Incidentally, Mexico which reported the first case of swine flu infection in the world is also seeing an increase during this period since a pandemic shut down much of the country three years ago.\"There is a 'sudden and sharp' rise in the transmissibility of the swine flu virus this month. Usually, the virus transmission is not more than 1 or 2% during March. It is something unusual,\" A C Mishra, director, NIV told TOI on Monday.\"Cases of swine flu infection are also being reported from other parts of the world like Mexico and US during the same time as in Pune,\" Mishra said, adding, \"This means that it is too early to write off the swine flu virus,\" Mishra said.The NIV has been monitoring the influenza virus' activity through the monitoring study sites placed in village Vadhu, Janata Vasahat near Parvati and also through a system of random sampling from hospitals and dispensaries in Pune city.\"An analysis of reports from all the three systems shows an increase of 10-15% in the virus' transmission. That means 10-15% samples of suspected patients are being found positive for swine flu infection now, where as the rate should be 1-2% during this period of time,\" Mishra said.He said that the pandemic strain of H1N1 virus had completely replaced the earlier seasonal strain of H1N1. \"At present, pandemic H1N1 and a milder influenza B virus are co-circulating,\" Mishra said.\"A few months ago, there was global silence about swine flu cases. But, now sudden eruption is also being reported in areas like Mexico which was badly hit during the pandemic phase of the virus. Similarly, cases are also being seen in Pune,\" Mishra said.When asked for a reason for the sudden spurt, he said, \"The behaviour pattern of influenza viruses has been unpredictable. Hence, it is difficult to categorically pinpoint reasons. Though prolonged winter, wide fluctuation in temperature are among the contributing factors.\"However, he maintained that the virus transmission would go down with the rise in temperature. \"The prolonged winter has come to an end and this is the beginning of summer. We can not say whether the virus will strike back in monsoon,\" Mishra said.Asked whether any significant mutation has taken place in the genetic make-up of the virus, he said, \"Mutation in influenza virus is a continuous process. These are small changes in the virus that happen continually over time. There has been no harmful mutation detected so far. The virus is completely susceptible to Tamiflu. Its virulence level is also the same. Most who died of swine flu in the last six days had some other underlying medical condition.\"There are 17,000 points in the genetic make of swine flu virus which are being mapped to find out mutation in the virus, Mishra said.\"The advisory remains the same. Avoid exposure to people with flu symptoms, wash hands frequently and eat and sleep well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12336204", "title": "Vasco accident claims woman\u2019s life", "text": "VASCO: The wife of a journalist died in a fatal accident in Vasco on Monday afternoon while she was riding back home to New Vaddem. Eye-witnesses said that Sudhiksha Sudesh Bhosle, 32, was on a two wheeler and died under the wheels of an IOC fuel tanker.Sudhiksha, who married journalist Sudesh Bhosle in 2007, has a two-year-old daughter. She was employed at the Mormugao Port Trust and was on leave. On Monday morning, she visited her office to inquire about some details and was heading back home to New Vaddem. At around 11.45am, when Bhosle reached near the RTO office on F L Gomes road, she hit a goods carrier and fell onto the road where she went under the rear wheel of the tanker which ran over her abdomen. Bhosle succumbed to injuries on the spot.The angry mob pulled out the driver and beat him up. In his statement to police, the tanker driver, Pujari Jaiswal, 30, said\"I saw a goods carrier on the left hand side which was being pushed behind by a person. I applied the brake when I realized that something had happened.\" Jaiswal is now in police custody and the search for the unknown driver of the goods carrier is on.The autopsy was conducted on Monday and the woman's body was handed over to the family. The last rites were performed at the Khariawada crematorium in the port town on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336114", "title": "Goda on mayor's mind on first day", "text": "Nashik: Newly-elected mayor, Yatin Wagh, who took charge as the first citizen of Nashik on Monday, called a meeting of municipal officials on MNS chief Raj Thackeray's pet project, Goda Park, among other things. Goda Park, incidentally, had been neglected by the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance that ruled the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) till the MNS wrested power in the recent civic polls.After conducting a Satyanarayan puja at his official residence 'Ramayan' on Monday morning, mayor Wagh went to his office in the NMC to be greeted by officials, corporators, citizens and various organizations. Till lunch time, the mayor's office was flooded with visitors.\"I have taken charge of the office today and am going to call a meeting of the heads of all the departments now to ascertain the exact position of the projects being undertaken, the new projects for which work orders had been given and the necessity of these projects. I will then call a meeting of all officers to discuss Goda Park and the Godavari beautification project and the pollution in the river,\" he said.With group leaders of all the parties being declared, all eyes are on the leader of the House, the members of the standing committee and the chairperson of the standing committee. \"I will declare the leader of the House in the next meeting of the general body. Since our party has maximum members, it is likely that the leader of the House would be from the MNS,\" he said.Wagh said that he would ask the names of candidates for standing committee to the group leaders of various parties in a meeting on Thursday or Friday. \"A general body meeting will be called to elect the members of the standing committee and after the divisional commissioner conducts the election for the 16-member standing committee, the chairperson will be elected,\" he said.The NMC's prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke Smarak at the foothills of Pandavleni is another project that the mayor will be attending to on priority basis. \"The issues with Phalke Smarak will be solved very soon. There have been complaints from people that bachat gats are not doing their work sincerely. I will look into it as soon as possible,\" he said.I will add some amount from my pocket to the remuneration that the NMC gives me and this entire amount will be given to charity. I will donate half of this to adharashram and the other half to a remand home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336778", "title": "UP board exams: Hindi-medium students get papers in English", "text": "KANPUR: Ill-preparedness of the Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Parishad is giving tough time to the students.Most of the examinees of Hindi medium were given question papers printed in English and vice versa due to lack of availability of the same at various centres.In various incidents, the Board examinees had a tough time in writing their particular papers as the language was not properly understood by them.It was learnt that over 50 students of Har Gopal Inter College of Hindi medium got question paper in English, while several students of Hindi medium DMK Inter College were also given question paper in English for their math exam. They were just 10 minutes' extra time to compensate for the inconvenience.Similarly more than 30 students of Fair Committee School, who were from English medium, were given the question papers in Hindi language.\"The students were at the receiving end of the most irresponsible behaviour of the UP Board authorities. Though they somehow solved the whole question paper, it was a difficult task for them to understand a language they were not well-versed in. Hence, we are apprehensive of their result,\" said the principal of a reputed school on condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, DIOS SS Singh, when asked about the whole issue, held the school authorities responsible for the matter. \"The papers were given by the Board according to the medium filled by the school authorities in the examination form. In no way are we responsible for the inconvenience to the students,\" he claimed.\"This problem of the medium of question papers has become a routine affair now as no one among the Board authorities or the school authorities are ready to take the responsibility,\" the DIOS pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334830", "title": "Impetus likely to get special economic zone status by end of March", "text": "INDORE: If all goes well, city-based information technology (IT) firm, Impetus, would soon get the status of special economic zone (SEZ) by this month-end. The board of approval (BoA) committee, headed by Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar is meeting once again on March 30 in New Delhi to take a decision in this regard.Earlier, during a meet held in New Delhi on March 13, the BoA committee, which comprises secretaries from various central ministries including agriculture and commerce, failed to reach at a consensus on the issue. The reason for the delay in granting clearance is said to be that the company had not taken possession of the land transferred by the state government, which is a pre-requisite for awarding SEZ status. Even though the state cabinet had given its approval for land to the company, the land transfer is yet to take place.In another development, the SEZ policy, which was supposed to end on March 31, now remains extended till March 31, 2013, said AK Rathore, commissioner, SEZ.With SEZ status, developers of SEZs can get income tax waiver for a block of 10 years out of the first 15 years u/s 10 (1) (1) of Income Tax Act, added Rathore.Vice-president, Impetus, Sanjeev Agrawal told TOI, \"The process to transfer the land measuring 25 acre is underway. We are confident that the formalities will be completed shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12338480", "title": "Mukul Roy, TMC leader, sworn in as railway minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress leader Mukul Roy was on Tuesday elevated to cabinet rank to take over as railway minister replacing Dinesh Trivedi , who was forced to resign after Congress caved in to Mamata Banerjee's pressure.Widely expected to roll back at least the lower class passenger fare hike proposed by Trivedi in the Railway Budget, Roy, 57, was sworn in as cabinet minister at a special but brief ceremony by President Pratibha Patil at the Rashtrapati Bhawan.He was currently serving as Union minister of state for shipping and had earlier served as minister of state in the railway ministry before Trivedi took over last July.The ceremony was attended by vice president Hamid Ansari , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the UPA chairperson and cabinet ministers including ministers of Trinamool Congress.Trivedi was forced out by Trinamool Congress after he incurred the wrath of party chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who was opposed to his proposal to increase fares in the railway budget last Wednesday. Trivedi resigned on Sunday.The Congress leadership caved in to the Trinamool demand for replacing him with Roy.On Monday, Banerjee had indicated that the hike in the lower class fares proposed in the Railway budget may be rolled back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335600", "title": "UK woman plans charity for Kolkata", "text": "Kolkata: Jillian Haslam left Kolkata 12 years ago, following in the footsteps of thousands of Anglo-Indians who had migrated to England in search of a career and a better life. She lived up to her dream but refused to sever ties with the city which had been both 'cruel and kind' to her, she says.A banker, Jillian is on the verge of giving up her job to turn into a motivational speaker and launching a career in writing. Her goal, though, is to help the poor and the underprivileged in Kolkata, particularly the Anglo-Indians and help them change their lives through motivational and charitable programs.Through Help Yourself Associates, a trust that she runs in England, Jillian has been arranging for charitable help to Indian cities, including Kolkata. \"I plan to embark on charitable work on a bigger scale for my city Kolkata and other metros soon. The idea is to help the poor, the sick, the dying, the destitute, the aged and especially the children who are our hope for tomorrow, through funds generated in England. I plan to rope others in my community and Indians in general and we shall extend our support to all communities, not just Anglo-Indians,\" said Jillian, through an e-mailed response to ToI from Hertfordshire, where she is based.She said talks are on with \"some parties\" to bring these programs to India this year. \"It is also my intention to use any revenue generated in India in a fashion where people in power cannot siphon away any of the funds (since this is the opinion that the world has) and that the same is delivered to the people who really and truly need it. I want to try and change that opinion but the only way we can do that is by showing the world \"results\" and not a country where the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer,\" said Jillian, whose book Indian. English has been much acclaimed in England for its poignant depiction of poverty and exploitation of the poor and underprivileged in India. She has also won the Asian Woman of Achievement award recently.Having grown up in a Kolkata slum, where people faced \"severe abuse, defilement and hurt from an ignorant few\", she also developed a bond with the city which, she says, removes the pain despite the adversities she faced.\"A bond that moves you to love the country even when you have been humiliated in the worst manner and a bond that lays no blame but replaces everything with forgiveness and respect, more so for a majority of the people including the poorest of the poor who saved our lives, and in some cases put their lives on the line in order to save ours. While some people hurt us for no reason, so many others helped us survive and gave us the hope to go on,\" said Jillian.This is why she, along with many others in England, was left shocked by the city's response in the aftermath of the Park Street rape in February. \"While rapes and atrocities of this nature can take place anywhere in the world, it's hard to comprehend why some politicians refused to believe a lady who has been through this traumatic and humiliating experience. She was accused of trying malign the state government. This is shocking. To be honest, I doubt if she even knows who the members of the assembly are, leave alone trying to malign them. To a community who already feels so alienated, this is even further humiliation.\"The community needs to draw inspiration from success stories and learn to take setbacks in its stride, she said. \"I campaign endlessly to try and make a difference and feel proud to be able to share my story for people to know that not everyone is bad.\"While rapes and atrocities can take place anywhere in the world, it's hard to comprehend why politicians refused to believe a lady who has been through this traumatic experience, said Jillian on Park Street rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337443", "title": "Akhil Gogoi held after protest near secretariat", "text": "GUWAHATI: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) general secretary Akhil Gogoi and 63 others were detained by police near the assembly building in Dispur Last Gate on Monday as they tried to stage a rally for landless people in the city.Several police personnel dragged Akhil and his supporters into a vehicle when they squatted on the road in protest against the administration's refusal to allow more protestors to join the rally. Some activists were beaten up when they refused to clear the road. A police commando was prevented by his colleagues from beating up Akhil. DSP Dulen Deka was also injured in the confrontation.The entire Dispur Last Gate area, the protest ground, transformed into a fortress with the deployment of riot control vehicles and armed police as the number of activists started to swell . All entry points to the protest ground were barricaded and supporters were stopped at Garchuk, Lokhra and other parts of the city. KMSS and Guwahati Unnayan Samiti Ekya Mancha organized the demonstration, demanding that the issue of land rights be raised in the ongoing assembly session.Senior superintendent of police Apurba Jibon Barua said only 100 persons had been given permission to attend the rally but the crowed swelled beyond the limit. \"Akhil was allowed to sit in the demonstration. But when they blocked the road, we had to take action,\" Barua said.Barua said though Akhil is under preventive detention, a case has been initiated against him for hitting the DSP. KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Medhi said they have also filed a case against the SSP and the DSP at Dispur police station over the police trying to 'kill' Akhil.\"We wanted to stage our protest in a democratic way. We had gathered to pressure the government to expedite the process of granting land rights to the people living under the threat of eviction. But the government used force against us and tried to destroy our democratic protest by detaining our members. We are not going to stop our agitation,\" Akhil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335153", "title": "Himachal Pradesh recruits take training from traffic wing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 48 newly recruited cops, majority of the ranks of sub-inspector, of Himachal Pradesh police are taking training from the traffic wing of Chandigarh Police.Chandigarh Police have given them some handy tips to make effective usage of social networking sites, alco-censors, speed-guns and CCTV cameras to curb traffic-related violations. This group, which has come from Palampur for the training, was given live demonstrations.\"We have told them about the effective usage of Facebook as this model has become a hit in cities like Pune, Bangalore, Calcutta and Delhi, which are very crowded,\" said inspector Narinder Patial, who was heading the training session.He added, \"We have also explained the installation of CCTV cameras at sensitive locations, using alco-censors, e-challan system and speed guns. Live demonstrations have been given to check speed limits and operate various sensitive devices.\"Besides, Chandigarh Police have also discussed with the participating cops about the problems faced by them in implementing traffic norms in hilly terrains. \"This session was very helpful and we have learnt many new things. We would execute these in Himachal Pradesh,\" said one of the participating female police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339863", "title": "Poonam Pandey: Porn movies should be legalised in India", "text": "In a conservative society like India, where topics like 'sex' and 'pornography' are a taboo to discuss, controversial bomb shell diva Poonam Pandey has gone overboard and has come out in support of porn.During an exclusive interview with a website, Poonam said that porn movies should be legalised in India.Poonam said, \"There is nothing wrong in legalising porn films in India. Everyone has porn clips in their cell phones, but no one has the guts to watch it in open. Sex films are always watched under a hidden situation in India. It's new generation, so whats wrong in watching it openly?\"Poonam, who has gained fame with her stripping acts, also defends porn star Sunny Leone who has been chosen to play the female lead in Jism 2. \"What's wrong if Sunny Leone is working in a Bollywood movie? She deserves it, hence I appreciate her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334778", "title": "Hamidia hospital seeks ward for blood transfusion", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government is sitting on a proposal of the Hamidia hospital to set up a separate ward for transfusion therapy in the state capital's biggest hospital. The issue has come to the fore following the death of three children in Jabalpur after blood transfusion and experts claim that it may not be an isolated case.Hamidia hospital has about 125 thalassemia and 325 haemophilia registered patients who seek blood transfusion on a regular basis. Haemophilia refers to a group of disorders in which a patient lacks some of the substances that cause blood to clot, while thalassemia is a blood disorder passed down through families (inherited) in which the body makes an abnormal form of haemoglobin. The disorder results in excessive destruction of red blood cells, which leads to anemia.On an average, it takes about 4 hours for the transfusion, and authorities point out that these patients are treated alongside normal pediatric patients.\"We have approached the government for a separate ward for treatment with four beds along with a doctor and nurses,\" said Dr Neelkamal Kapoor, head of the department of pathology.A separate ward would mean that a patient requiring transfusion would directly go to the ward for tests and transfusions. \"A dedicated ward would reduce the risk of error and improve patient care,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335792", "title": "Engineer posing as cop harasses couples, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A man who posed as a policeman and snatched money from couples sitting in cars in secluded spots was arrested on Sunday. The accused, Jamal alias Jamaluddin, was a mechanical engineer who later turned robber, police said.Soundarapandianar Angadi police inspector (crime wing) G Prabhu nabbed Jamal during a routine vehicle check on Saturday night.\"He was wearing khakhi trousers and shoes normally worn by police. His replies weren't convincing and suspicion grew when he gave fake documents for the bike he was riding before admitting that it was stolen,\" inspector Prabhu said.Further questioning revealed that Jamal had posed as a policeman and extorted money from several couples in the city.Narrating his modus operandi to investigation officials, Jamal said he would slowly cruise on a bike through darkened streets in areas such as T Nagar, Saidapet and other areas. \"Once he noticed a car parked on an unlit street, he would park his bike a short distance away and approach the vehicle. He would shine a torch through the closed window and if found a couple inside, he would begin threatening them,\" a police officer said.\"Normally, anyone sitting inside a car would keep the engine running to switch on the air-conditioner. This would give me the signal to strike,\" Jamal told police.Jamal of Old Washermenpet, who completed mechanical engineering at a private college, failed to land a job began indulging in petty crimes, police said. There is a history sheet against Jamal in the Washermenpet police station, they added.Jamal has been remanded in the Puzhal prison. \"We will take him into police custody to see if he was involved in more cases of crime,\" a police officer said.Last month, the Sastri Nagar police arrested a man named Kanagaraj who threatened Selvin (22) of Nungambakkam when he was in a car with his girlfriend in a bylane and snatched cash from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12337173", "title": "Movie mania grips tech-driven youngsters", "text": "While promoting his home production, Shah Rukh Khan on several occasions reiterated that the film's target audiences are children, and the parents who will come along. So, even as critics panned the movie, his target audience ensured the movie rakes in a decent moolah.That today's children's tastes are driven by technology and ancient cartoons no longer appeal to them is a reality fast dawning upon multiplex owners, filmmakers and parents. A 3D movie with heavy special effects is what most kids would love to watch. Says Kanak Gupta, a homemaker, whose five-year-old daughter was hell bent on watching the SRK-starrer movie first day first show. \"She was more excited than anybody else and was glued to the screen for the entire duration of the movie,\" she says.\"There has been a 15% rise in our sales compared to last year, and one of the major reasons for it being the increase in footfall of younger audience,\" says Abshar Khan, senior manager, Galaxy Cinema in Mansarovar.The last year saw some major Hollywood releases such as 'The Adventures of Tintin', 'Kungfu Panda 2', besides Ra.One which targetted younger audiences in 2D and 3D format.\"Kids are extremely tech-savvy these days. Most would opt to watch a 3D format of a movie. Their knowledge about i-Pads and galaxy pads might make even someone from a technical background feel less educated,\" says Siddharth Mukherjee, general manager (operations) at Pink Square mall.Multiplexes, after gauging the trend, have come up with various offerings to woo children, from early morning shows at discount to special food counters. Pink Square, for instance, is planning to start a fun zone for kids soon.Along with an increased awareness about technology, the prospect of a family outing with children over movies and meal is another reason for many parents taking their kids for movies. \"Movies today have become an integral part of family outing. Parents see it as a way of spending some time with their children,\" says Murari Lal Sharma, manager, Entertainment Paradise (EP).\"Multiplexes and malls are a much safer option, and therefore, score high with parents,\" adds Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12336684", "title": "Tweak in policy to withdraw job scheme funds", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The rural development department has finally made some changes to bail out the district administration in the last month of the current fiscal.The rural development department has asked the district administration to allow the BDOs and mukhiyas to withdraw fund for the purpose of implementing MGNREGA schemes and for wages of workers. Sources also said withdrawal of MGNREGA fund has come to a total halt after the panchayat sewaks went on a strike on February 9. As per the rule book, the funds can be withdrawn from bank only with the signatures of the panchayat sewak and mukhiya for implementing schemes at the Panchayat level.Sources said it has started showing its adverse effect also. Payment of wages to MGNREGA labourers too has now stopped. The state government woke up to this horrifying situation when the districts began writing the state government about the pathetic condition of MGNREGA labourers for want of wages not paid to them.Not only this, even no withdrawal indicates no expenditure. The physical and fiscal position of MGNREGA schemes further dipped low in Jharkhand. Palamu DC Pooja Singhal confirming this said, \"The rural development department has given permission to direct the BDO and the mukhiya to jointly sign cheques for withdrawal of fund for its spending on the schemes and wages to be paid to MGNREGA labourers.\"\"When this ongoing strike will end, there will be the same old system wherein panchayat sewaks and mukhiyas used to sign on cheque for withdrawal of fund for MGNREGA schemes,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339900", "title": "Party lovers at CLUB 69", "text": "Party lovers had a reason to cheer as CLUB 69 opened its doors this weekend.DJs Rebecca and Sunit ensured that the revellers had a whale of time on the dance floor as they churned out one smash hit after the other.It was a night to remember as the \"Desi boyz\" and the \"Chammak challos\" brought the house down as if there was no tomorrow. Their mantra? \"Subah hone na de\".Models Srabani, Pooja and Tina upped the hot quotient in their trendy dresses while newly weds Ritwika, Koneenica's sister, and her hubby Anupam looked cute and cosy.The bartenders had a busy night as party-goers readily queued up to get their fill of some exquisite drinks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335377", "title": "Centre submits action taken report on NTRO scam to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Monday submitted in sealed cover to the Supreme Court an action taken report (ATR) on the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) findings about alleged irregularities in purchase of intelligence equipment by the National Technical Research Organization (NTRO).Additional solicitor general Harin Raval submitted the ATR. Adjourning the matter to April 9, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said, \"If we are convinced (after perusing the report) there is some positive steps taken, we will not go ahead with hearing of the case. But if we feel it is merely eyewash, we will then call upon those responsible.\"PIL petitioner V K Mittal had alleged that a major portion of the Rs 450-crore NTRO scam pertained to purchase of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) from an Israeli firm allegedly at a very high price without the mandatory approval of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS).NTRO, which was set up in 2004 and functions under the Prime Minister's Office, has been entrusted with the task of missile monitoring, satellite and airborne imagery, cyber patrolling and security, cyber offensive operations and communication support systems, including cryptology.It was on the complaint of Mittal, a former joint director who had also served in NTRO, that the PMO had ordered a probe into the scam. Later, the CAG was asked to look into the organization's accounts. The government had alleged that Mittal wanted to head the NTRO and filed the PIL when he did not succeed.Mittal's petition stated that the independent body answerable only to the national security adviser was allotted about Rs 8,000 crore since 2005, but no book of accounts were maintained for the expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335248", "title": "Delhi pays to keep expressway afloat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday decided to contribute Rs 621 crore to let the work on the eastern peripheral expressway resume. The expressway is part of a project that seeks to decongest Delhi roads by taking the load of inter-state traffic.The funds, which will be used by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to acquire land for the project, will be paid in instalments, with the first instalment of Rs 175 crore to be released soon. According to sources, the delay in implementing the project has resulted in an increase in the cost from Rs 844 crore in 2007 to almost Rs 2,500 crore.A senior government official said that to keep the project going, the Delhi, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh governments had decided to share the land acquisition cost. However, the same was resisted by some ministers.\"As of now, it has been decided that the Delhi government will pay 50% and the other two states will share the remaining 50%. Our share has gone up from an initial Rs 422 crore to Rs 1,235 crore,\" said a senior government official who did not wish to be named.Officials also added that the compensation awarded for land acquisition increased over years as several land owners had moved court. As there is a laid-down formula for sharing the land acquisition cost among the three states, the governments will have to contribute their respective share. \"A few cabinet members objected to compensate for undue delay caused due to red-tapism,\" said another senior officer.TOI had reported that the NHAI had been pestering the Delhi government for a long time for the compensation. The NHAI had said delay in work would increase the cost of the project. Also, the delay in the bidding process may affect the bidder's interest and impact project viability.The eastern and western peripheral expressways were conceived in 2004-05 on the insistence of the Supreme Court to provide an alternative road for inter-state commercial vehicles not destined for Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336875", "title": "Live the Ayurveda way", "text": "Don't always blame illnesses on fate; most likely, it is your lifestyle that might be the culprit, says Ayurvedacharya Laxmikant TripathiHow often do we pity ourselves for suffering from a chronic ailment? We pacify ourselves by blaming it all on fate, but seldom do we blame our lifestyle. According to Ayurveda, air, fire, and water are the three principle factors that are essential for the human body; an imbalance in these cause diseases. There are three body types in ayurveda: Vatta prakriti or the air type, Pitta prakriti or the fiery type, and Kapha prakriti or the water type.Vatta:A Vatta prakriti person appears thin and frail but has flab around the stomach, and has small eyes. Such people are prone to anxiety, fear and tension. They frequently suffer from gastric problems and body pain. Experts suggest that Vatta prakriti people should be cautious during winters; they should avoid eating fried foodstuff and drinking or bathing with cold water. Such people should go for morning walks, take oil bath, eat light and fresh food and have fruits at least three or four times a day.Pitta:Similarly those who have a Pitta prakriti, are usually fair but suffer from excessive pigmentation. They usually have a strong body odour and are occasionally troubled by bouts of fever and nausea. Pitta types are naturally stubborn and short-tempered . They eat spicy food, consume excessive caffeine, smoke or drink, and usually suffer from serious physical problems ranging from hair fall to hypertension. These people should eat a lot of fruits such as litchi, oranges, and pomegranate. They should include lime juice in their diet and have yoghurt regularly. They should also avoid exposure to the sun. Too much exercise may not be good for the Pitta prakriti type.Kapha:Kapha prakriti people have flab and they look heavy. They have big eyes and a wheatish complexion. Such people are usually calm and serious about whatever they do. They like sweets, aerated drinks and this is not good for their health. Those who have a Kapha prakiriti should follow a very strict diet routine, drink boiled water, exercise and stay active all the time. Ayurveda not only suggests cures for all these different body types, but it also outlines a healthy lifestyle that each should follow. After all, it believes that prevention is better than cure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335623", "title": "After tiff with father, labourer kills his 3-year-old daughter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A three-year-old girl was allegedly killed by a construction labourer on Sunday night in Bopal. The police stated that the killer had entered into a tiff with the girl's father recently which might have triggered the incident.According to Bopal police officials, Uma (name changed), a 27-year-old construction labourer living near construction site in Naranpura, filed a complaint against accused Pankesh Meena alias Prakash, 27, a native of Dungarpur in Rajasthan, for abducting her and her daughter Payal, 3, raping her and killing Payal. Meena was arrested from the construction site soon after the murder on Sunday night.\"Pankesh, Uma and Uma's husband Lalji were working together at a construction site in Naranpura earlier this year. During that time, Pankesh and Lalji had an altercation over some issue. Seven days back, Pankesh approached Uma at the construction site and allegedly abducted her along with Payal. They were first taken to Rajasthan after which they were taken to Bopal where they were kept at the site of Gala bungalows,\" said a police official.During this time, Pankesh allegedly raped Uma repeatedly and asked her to live with him. When she refused him, Pankesh took Payal to a nearby shanty and strangulated her with his hands on Sunday night. When Uma came to know about the murder, she raised an alarm, following which other labourers on the site nabbed Pankesh and handed him over to police.\"We believe that Pankesh might have killed the girl for revenge or to woo Uma to abandon the past life and be with him. His questioning is going on to know more about the incident,\" said an Ahmedbad rural police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334783", "title": "IDA holding plots to earn profit?", "text": "INDORE: Is Indore Development Authority (IDA) playing trick with the people? Statistics collected from the authority on 'plot sale' reflect so. There has been consistent drop over the years in the sale of plots. This, according to sources, is because the IDA wants to earn more when the prices of these plots get appreciated in future.The IDA managed to sell only 435 plots in 2011-12, thus enriching its kitty by only Rs 167.26 crore. The sources maintain that by withholding land, the IDA had risked its annual revenue for the current year.However, the IDA officials deny any trick. The authority in its budget report mentioned the poor response to its big plots and legal wrangles as the major reasons for delay in sale of plots at scheme number 134, 136 and 140.The IDA has shown a sharp decline in the sale of plots in the last two years. In the year 2010-11, the IDA had sold only 430 plots while in 2011-12 it could sell 435 plots. The figures are in sharp contrast from the previous records. In the year 2009-10, IDA sold 4,443 plots, in 2008-09 it sold 6,096, highest in recent years and in 2007-08 it had sold 5,167 plots.Ironically, the sky rocketing real estate prices have somehow seemed to have balanced the revenue earnings of the IDA. In the year 2008-09, IDA earned Rs 131.21 crore from the sale of 6,096 plots, in 2009-10, it earned Rs 144.97 crore by selling just 4,443 plots. Land prices have soared rapidly in the past two years and as a result, the IDA earned Rs 152.31 crore and Rs 167.26 crore by selling just 430 plots and 435 plots respectively.Sources pointed out that this is a deviation of IDA from its original purpose- to provide houses and plots to people at affordable prices.\"Today IDA seems to be more interested in earning money from selling plots than providing land and house to common man at affordable rates,\" said a retired IDA official who wished not to be identified, adding that authority is acting more like a real estate firm than the public institution.IDA (CEO) Chandramouli Shukla however refuted the allegation saying that they are planning to sell 2,758 plots and houses in 2012-13 including 1,892 plots and 866 houses. They are expecting to earn Rs 335.52 crores from it. Besides this, IDA is going to construct around 10,000 affordable houses for lower income group people over the next three years. Tender for the construction of around 800 affordable houses has already been issued, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335734", "title": "Alumni write history of IIT-Madras with notes from student magzines", "text": "CHENNAI: Most IITians consider the Joint Entrance Examination the thread that binds students from across the country, but IIT Madras didn't always take the exam into account while admitting students. From 1959 to 1961, meritorious students could just walk in. A new coffee-table book, 'Campaschimes', written by two of its alumni captures these and other interesting facets of the institute's history in the 50 years since its inception.The thousands of photos and student publications archived in the institute's Heritage Centre came to Sathasivam's help. He had to seek the help of alumni to get hold of copies of publications that weren't in the archives. \"Then we ended up with more material that we needed, and we overshot the deadline,\" he said.\"All events, traditions and activities in IIT-M have been in place from the beginning or had its origins in the early years. Only the details and the scale have changed,\" he said.Excerpts from publications such as 'Annual Number', 'Campastimes', 'Focus', 'Spectator', 'Journeys' and 'Gajendra Circle' are delightfully witty. There's mention of rocket fights that marked the conclusion of Diwali celebrations at the hostels, and the wishes of students to head overseas after an education at IIT-M.IIT-M director and alumnus M Bhaskar Ramamurthy said, \"I am sure every alumnus will find the book irresistible. I suspect that others too will discover that the book sustains their interest, as it offers a glimpse of an era past when life was slower, IIT-M was a home away from home and not a stopover between school and career, and the IITian did not quite know that the institute whose portals he was entering was a game changer.\"Sathasivam says piecing together the history of IIT-M was a pleasant experience. \"There were so many things I didn't know about the institute. It was a pleasure to unearth things and link it to what we already knew,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335106", "title": "BJP gives in to JD(U) pressure, denies Rajya Sabha ticket to Ahluwalia", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Monday gave in to pressure from its ally JD (U) and backed down from its demand of fielding the party's full share of candidates for upcoming Rajya Sabha polls from Bihar and Jharkhand. The concession led to a denial of ticket to BJP's deputy leader in the Upper House S S Ahluwalia for another term.Though BJP deliberated for three days about Ahluwalia's fate, the party was divided over who should be nominated for the second RS seat from Bihar.With enough votes for two seats from Bihar and buoyed by some additional votes, BJP nominated Ravi Shankar Prasad and Dharmendra Pradhan , and put Ahluwalia's name to in the surplus account that could only make to the Upper House if JD (U) agrees to spare its extra votes to add up for a full seat.While JD (U) refused to yield on the ground that it is a regional party and has only Bihar to field nominees from, BJP preferred the Sangh-backed Pradhan over Ahluwalia, who is one of the party's most effective and skilled floor managers and a veteran in parliamentary politics that many new members lack.BJP is learnt to have been divided over Ahluwalia's re-nomination since he is considered a competent and \"useful\" MP. Senior party leaders, including L K Advani and leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj , is believed to have backed Ahluwalia's candidature at the central election committee meeting, but party chief Nitin Gadkari is learnt to have preferred Pradhan.Gadkari and leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , who were in-charge of negotiating the deal with Bihar CM and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar , is learnt to have yielded without much of a fight with the ally.BJP had wanted to contest three of the vacant RS seats from Bihar. However, JD (U) insisted on conceding only two seats to the party, and has fielded former minister Vashist Narain Singh as its candidate. Though BJP has more extra votes than JD (U), it still could not have its way.In Jharkhand too, BJP failed to put up a candidate as ally JMM insisted on fielding R K Aggarwal for the lone seat. Though Ahluwalia is from Bihar's Begusarai, he had shifted to Jharkhand when the new state was carved out more than a decade ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337546", "title": "M S University vice-chancellor appointed to National Assessment and Accreditation Council", "text": "VADODARA: M S University vice-chancellor (VC) professor Yogesh Singh has been nominated as a member of the general council of National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).NAAC is an autonomous body established by University Grants Commission (UGC) in 1994 to assess and accredit institutions of higher education in the country.Professor Singh has been nominated as member by UGC chairman professor Ved Prakash. This appointment is for a period of three years.It is for the first time that a MSU VC has been nominated to the prestigious body along with other eminent personalities from the field of higher education.The overall functioning and policy making of NAAC is governed by the general council (GC). GC comprises 25 members including UGC chairman as ex-officio president of the council, all members of NAAC's executive committee, secretary general of Association of Indian Universities, secretary of Ministry of Human Resource Development, four VCs - two each from central and state universities and four principals from affiliated or autonomous colleges.\"I hope to contribute meaningfully to the improvement of academic standards in the country during my tenure in the general council,\" Singh told TOI.In 2010, MSU had received 'B' grade from NAAC after the reaccreditation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12335453", "title": "Noida sealings: Police beat up protestors", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of traders choked the city's roads on Monday during a rally protesting the Noida Authority's sealing drive. One trader got seriously injured after police resorted to lathi charge. The agitators tried to walk from the telephone exchange to the Authority offices without any prior police permission. The cops soon arrived to disperse the crowd and began a lathi charge in which one trader got head injuries. He has been admitted in the ICU of Kailash hospital.The traders have now announced a 48-hour bandh. The unannounced rally created a logjam from DND flyway to sector 19 crossroads and brought traffic to a standstill for several hours.Around 11am on Monday morning, hundreds of traders from sectors 9 and 10 and 33 other industrial sectors assembled at the BSNL chowk at sector 19 and started shouting slogans against the Authority for not addressing their grievances. When the cops arrived, a verbal duel broke out between them and the traders. To maintain law and order, the police resorted to baton charge in which a few traders, including general secretary of the traders' association SN Goel, were injured.Gautam Budh Nagar MLA, Dr Mahesh Sharma, soon reached the spot along with SP Anant Dev Tiwari and talked to the agitating traders. The traders were angry at the Authority for re-starting a survey in sectors 9 and 10 to identify unauthorized activity being conducted from non-confirming areas. \"We have been conducting our business from these areas for the last 25-30 years and the Authority has not stopped us before,\" said Naveen Gupta, an iron and steel trader from sector 9. \"In its 83rd board meeting, the Authority had defined sector 9 as industrial, and now they have issued notices to close shops. This is unfair,\" said Gupta.Rahul Bansal, another businessman, claimed that they had been constantly asking the Authority officials to find a permanent solution to their problem but had received no relief. He said that the apex court order of October 21 did not apply to the industrial areas of the city.The president of the Janata Said Traders' Association, Ravish Dixit said that the traders will keep their shutters down until their demands were met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335976", "title": "Here comes the king of fruits, carbide ripened", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mango season is back and so is the fear of calcium carbide. Calcium carbide, simply referred to as carbide, is widely used for quick ripening of fruits, specially mangoes, and health experts warn that once absorbed into the body, the chemical can over a period of time cause neural problems by affecting oxygen supply to the brain.Carbide is known to be a carcinogenic (cancer inducing) substance. With markets awaiting the mango rush, and given the public concern about the harmful effects of carbide, officials of marketing department are keen to dissuade wholesale fruit trader against the use of this chemical.\"We are expecting a government order soon, which recommends punitive measures for the trader as well as marketing officials in case of noncompliance with the government ban on calcium carbide,\" a marketing department official informed TOI.He added that the government is planning to constitute committees headed by the joint collector in every district and assisted by marketing officials, food inspectors and sanitation officials. \"These committees will supervise markets, at point of sales outside government markets and also during transportation. If cases of carbide use are found, the goods will be seized and the trader will be penalized. Besides regulatory measures we will also take up awareness campaigns in markets to educate traders about the ill effects of carbide and suggest the use of alternatives like ethanol,\" the official said. He, however, conceded that ethanol is an expensive alternative to carbide.\"Last year we received about one lakh tonnes of mango, which was a good yield considering the good rainfall in 2010. But owing to the reduced rainfall in 2011, the yield this time is likely to be lesser.\" a Kothapet marketing committee official said. On the use of carbide, he said that they were expecting instructions to ensure that traders here do not use it.The farmers and traders, however, are not convinced. They say that the government is clamping down on them without providing any alternatives. \"Carbide has been in use for 30 years. Even if there are health problems arising out of it, the government should ban it only after providing us with cost effective alternatives. If fruits are to be harvested only after ripening, transportation becomes difficult. We export to places as far as Himachal from here, besides local retail outlets. Nobody wants raw mangoes because they take a very long time to ripen naturally,\" said a commission agent, requesting anonymity.While the commission agent seeks alternatives from the government, the farmer is worried about his livelihood. \"Traders who buy from us are not willing to pay us good prices. They tell us that since they are having problems with the use of carbide, they cannot pay us the rates we are demanding,\" said Arjun Rao, a farmer from Krishna district who sells his produce at Kothapet.The price of mangoes per ton at Kothapet ranges between Rs 20,000 and Rs 60,000 but Rao rues that the price may not reach the higher end this year.As mangoes cannot be transported when ripe, traders say they have no option but to add carbide to the raw fruit for quick ripening. Other chemicals, though safe, are too expensive, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12337152", "title": "Here mornings begin with chirping of house sparrows", "text": "RAJKOT: House sparrows may have almost vanished from city homes, but mornings in Jasdan and near-by villages in Rajkot district begin with the sweet chirping of these little birds daily.Thanks to a dedicated campaign of a forest official in Hingolgadh, sparrows have started nesting in huge numbers near human habitats in Jasdan, Gondal and other areas in the district.V D Bala, range forest officer, Hingolgadh Nature Education Sanctuary launched \"Chakli no Malo (Sparrow's nest) campaign in 2010 by distributing man-made nests specially designed for these birds to maximum people possible.Over the last three years, Bala has distributed over 1.50 lakh artificial nests across the state, mainly in the Saurashtra region. He exhorted people to keep these nests at suitable places at their home and report to him whenever sparrows nest in it. \"Out of nearly 1.5 lakh nests, people have reported that sparrow have nested in 75% cases. The experiences of the people who have placed this box type- 6 X 6 inches nests have been good and successful,'' said Bala.\"The association between humans and the house sparrow dates back to several centuries and no other bird has been so close to humans. It is a bird that evokes fond memories and has thus found mention in folklore and songs from time immemorial,\" Bala added.Bala said once commonly seen flitting around the neighbourhood, sparrows are in a real trouble and vanishing from the centre of many cities and rural areas.\"Due to various disturbances, the population of this friendly bird has witnessed a freefall. Primary reasons behind this are non-availability of food (due to changing lifestyles), lack of nesting places in urban areas among others,\" he added.Hitesh Patel, a resident of Gondal town, said, \"I brought 2,000 such nests and distributed them in the town two years ago. Out 2,000 nests, sparrows nested in almost all the nests. Now, our morning begins with their chirping.\"\"The sparrows used to build their nests below tiled roofs of houses. With contemporary architecture making a clean sweep in cities, tiled roofs have become a thing of the past, and sparrows have lost their prospective nesting spots. But artificial nests are good options and we are hopeful that House Sparrow will be brought in urban areas too,'' Bala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337295", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation may bear 50% cost of water meters", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has showed its readiness to bear 50% cost of water meters, a decision which may finally help the PMC check water waste and ensure equitable distribution of water in the city.\"Metered water supply is necessary for implementing the 24X7 supply scheme,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak at the general body meeting of the newly-elected civic body on Monday.\"The new body should prepare a common minimum programme for the city with water as its top priority. Some tough measures are needed for better management of the precious natural resource. The people's representatives and the administration will have to work together for this to happen,\" Pathak said.The commissioner said that a detailed assessment of Pune's actual use, losses due to leakages, illegal connections and evaporation loss is a must for equitable distribution of water in the city. \"The city's consumption has gone up to around 14.64 TMC from 10.50 TMC in 2005. Nearly 70,000 new houses are coming up in the city every year so we will require more water. We are planning to demand nearly 15.82 TMC water from the state government,\" he said.\"The available figures of water consumption are approximate because we do not have the mechanism to make these calculations. So we must go for metered water supply system. The PMC can pay half of the expenses of water meters while the public pays the rest ,\" he said.The elected members across party lines demanded a clarification from the civic administration on use of water. They claimed that the irrigation department has allotted 11.5 TMC water for Pune, but the city draws over 14 TMC from the reservoirs of Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet.The quota is claimed to be higher than the normal requirement, yet the city faces water shortage because of distribution losses and mismanagement, said the corporators.Pathak said that projects like installation of air valves on water pipelines and fixing more water valves were being taken for reducing losses. The work of laying pipeline from Khadakwasla dam to Parvati water works is underway, he added.The parties appointed members of civic committees, including standing committee, law committee, sports committee and city improvement committee at the start of the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334801", "title": "SC admits fresh PIL in clinical trial row", "text": "INDORE: Admitting a fresh and independent Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the clinical drug trials being conducted by the doctors in city, the Supreme Court on Monday served notices to Madhya Pradesh chief secretary and Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC) dean to seek details related to clinical trials conducted in state in last six weeks.The Supreme Court bench comprising Justice R M Lodha and H S Gokhale issued notices to the respondents. The other respondents include Medical Council of India ( MCI ), Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) and Union Government health secretary.The petition says that the illiterate and poor people in the state are being used as guinea pigs for the testing drugs and vaccines as the relevant laws are not being implemented strictly.The PIL filed by Dr Anand Rai, a whistle-blower has highlighted alleged irregularities such as the principal investigator being a member of the approving ethical committee, violation of the ethical guidelines, inactive role of ethical committees, non-payment of compensation to patients for adverse effects, among other points.The petition sought a direct investigation into the cases of adverse effects of drug trials including deaths. It also sought compensation for the victims.\"Both the Central and the state government have been undermining the issue by not taking any appropriate action. We have requested the honorable court to let the CBI investigate the matter and prosecute the guilty based on the allegations contained in the petition,\" Dr Rai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336277", "title": "Extra coaches in trains for Navaratra Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: North Central Railway will provide extra coaches for Navaratra Mela scheduled to be organised at Vindhyachal. Extra coaches will be augmented in some trains and popular trains will be given stoppage at Vindhyachal station. In this connection, a team of railway officials of the Allahabad division of NCR visited Vindhyachal station to take stock of the preparations.The 15-day Navaratra Mela will begin from March 23. The Mela attracts large number of people from all over the country and the seats of the trains also get filled during the mela period.Giving information about the arrangements, NCR public relations officer Manzar Karrar said several trains have been given a two-minute stoppage at the Vindhyachal station.The trains that have been given stoppage include train numbers 12401/12402 Magadh Express, train numbers 12801/12802 Puroshattam Express, train numbers 12141/1242 Lokmanya Tilak terminus-Patna Express, train numbers 12307/12308 Howrah-Jodhpur Express, train numbers 14055/14056 Brahmaputra Mail and train numbers 12487/12488 Jogbani Express.Further, additional coaches will be attached in some trains. These include train numbers 54103/54104 Allahabad-Chunar passenger and Allahabad-Mughalsarai passenger.The trains that have been given stoppage include train numbers 12401/12402 Magadh Express, train numbers 12801/12802 Puroshattam Express, train numbers 12141/1242 Lokmanya Tilak terminus-Patna Express, train numbers 12307/12308 Howrah-Jodhpur Express, train numbers 14055/14056 Brahmaputra Mail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12336199", "title": "Siolim man dies in freak cycle mishap", "text": "MAPUSA: A bicycle ride turned fatal for a senior citizen from Vaddy-Siolim, who died in a self accident on Monday.Police said that the incident took place at around 5pm when the victim, Vasant Balu Salgaonkar, 72, was proceeding from Vaddy towards Siolim church on his bicycle. On reaching midway, he suddenly lost control over his bicycle and fell.Police said that the bicycle's brake handle pierced into the man's nose around six inches deep. The 108 ambulance was alerted and the man was shifted to the new district hospital at Mapusa where he was declared 'brought dead on arrival'. Police conducted the inquest and have sent the body fo an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337223", "title": "No new taxes likely in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas", "text": "PUNE: Citizens in Pimpri Chinchwad are not likely to be burdened with new municipal taxes in the ensuing financial year 2012-13. The draft budget prepared by municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma will come into force from April 1.Every year in the month of February, the municipal commissioner presents the draft budget to the standing committee, which in turn approves it, with or without any changes. The approved budget is finally discussed and approved by the civic general body. The process has to be completed by March 31 every year.However, this year, the draft budget could not be presented due to municipal elections held in February. The new standing committee, too, is yet to be constituted.Sharma said, \"The civic administration has prepared the draft budget for the year 2012-13. It would be presented to the standing committee when it is constituted.'' Official sources indicated that there would be no new civic taxes in the next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339728", "title": "Global Science Fair", "text": "Celebrating the extraordinary curiosity of young minds, internet giant, Google, recently launched the second edition of its international science fair. Ruchi Kumar brings you the detailsCuriosity has marked human history with many innovations and technological progresses. Culminating this idea into their tagline - Everyone's got a question. What's yours? - Google Science Fair aims to reach out to curious minds across the globe.The annual online competition, now in its second year, urges its applicants to ask important questions, placing them at the centre of their project. It challenges them to carry out a scientific investigation into real-world problems or issues that interest them. \"Google itself was founded through experimentation and through this fair, we hope to inspire scientific exploration among the next generation of scientists and engineers, create scientific role models and unite students around the world in the quest for learning,\" explains a Google spokesperson.The competition that is held in association with CERN, LEGO Group , National Geographic and Scientific American, is one of the largest of its kind with over thousands of entries. \"With submissions open in 13 languages and covering 90 regional finalists, we want to make this year's fair even more global and larger that last year that saw over 7, 500 entries,\" adds the spokesperson.The rewards are equally magnanimous with 50,000 USD and 25,000 USD being offered as Google Scholarships. Apart from that, a ten-day trip to the Galapagos Islands with a National Geographic Explorer and internships with Google and partner organisations are also up for grabs. The 15 finalists will be flown to the Google Headquarters at Mountain View, California. A panel of judges including science luminaries, scientists and inventors will evaluate the entries.Another special judges' award, Science in Action, sponsored by Scientific American will be given out to a project with the highest capacity to make a practical difference in the local community. This initiative was inspired by last year's finalist from India, Harine Ravichandran, who attempted to solve energy surges in rural villages. The winner will receive seed funding and mentorship towards their project implementation.\"The winners of last year's inaugural fair became something like scientific rock stars. Shree Bose, Naomi Shah and Lauren Hodge met with President Obama and were invited to speak at big events like TEDx Women,\" says the Google spokesperson. \"But White House visits aside, this fair provides every participant a chance to conduct a hands-on research that can truly change the world,\" she concludes.The competition is open to children between the ages of 13 and 18 years. It requires interested applicants to build and submit their project site, following successful online registration and parental consent. And since it will be conducted online, all one needs is access to the internet and ample curiosity. Last date to apply is April 1. Visit www.google.com/sciencefair to participate.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335092", "title": "Inquiry report submitted to SSP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A fortnight after the embarrassing incident of keeping five juvenile students inside a police post, ASP (central) Deshraj Singh has completed the inquiry report and submitted it to SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh.Five juvenile students were forcefully picked from their room in Sector 25 during wee hours of the morning on March 3. Though, students had disclosed that they were preparing for their board exams, three policemen did not pay any heed.Though, inquiry officer ASP (central) Deshraj Singh refused to make any comment, sources said ASP Singh has found procedural lapses on the part of three policemen. The CCTV footage of police post-24 confirmed that juveniles were kept inside the police post for around 20 minutes. The inquiry officer has also recorded the statement of sub-inspector Harminder Singh, in charge of PP-24. The juveniles were released after the intervention of a theater artist Zulfikar Khan and some education department officials. In their statements to police, five juveniles claimed that they were not given an opportunity to speak and were taken to police post without providing any valid reason.Police sources said in their statement before inquiry officer, three policemen claimed that juveniles were picked during a special checking operation in Sector 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336993", "title": "Savadi alone may face the music after probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Of the three former BJP ministers facing allegations of viewing porn clips in the assembly , only one is likely to face action while the other two may be let off for lack of evidence . A probe committee, set up by assembly speaker KG Bopaiah, has reportedly found enough evidence that merits action only against Laxman S Savadi, according to sources Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar resigned as ministers on February 7, a day after the first two were caught on camera watching porn clips in the assembly on Palemar's phone. While Savadi and Patil are facing charges of watching porn, Palemar has been accused of supplying the clip.The committee submitted the 38-page report (excluding annexures) to the speaker on Monday and has reportedly recommended action against Savadi but not against Patil and Palemar as they could not find enough evidence. The report will be placed before the assembly and action initiated if the House endorses it.Bopaiah had constituted a committee involving seven legislators from all three major parties to investigate and submit a report. But opposition MLAs refused to be part of the inquiry, demanding that the former ministers be expelled from the House. Finally, only four BJP MLAs headed by Srishailappa Bidarur conducted sittings and questioned mediapersons who exposed Porngate before submitting the report.\"We have not strayed from the terms of reference given to us. It was a sensitive and challenging job. We have given a comprehensive and objective report and it will be tabled before the House,\" Bidarur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12336579", "title": "Change in reservation upsets the applecart", "text": "DHARWAD: The sudden change in the reservation for the post of deputy mayor in Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has upset powerful aspirants to the post.The post of deputy mayor as per the earlier notification was reserved for SC (woman) and since there was no woman candidate belonging to scheduled caste in the ruling BJP efforts were made to get it changed to OBC-B (Woman) to avoid the post going to a Congress member and facilitate a BJP member occupy the position.Bharati Patil of Dharwad and Vijayalaxmi Hoskoti of Hubli are two BJP candidates belonging to OBC-B category. Since Bharati has already been a deputy mayor once and is an aspirant for the mayor's post it is almost sure that Vijaylaxmi will be deputy mayor.What is interesting is the change of reservation for deputy mayor's post has had its ramification on the election of the mayor.As per the convention, the post of mayor is held by corporators from Hubli for three terms and by corporators from Dharwad for two terms. With Hubli getting the post for three terms, now it is the turn of Dharwad to get the mayor's post. However, members from Hubli are pressing for one more term for them.Vijayalaxmi's election as deputy mayor is likely to foil the chances of three aspirants for the mayor's post - Pandurang Patil, Ajjappa Bendigeri and Bharati Patil. Vijayalaxmi and Pandurang got elected on JD(U) ticket and joined BJP later and it is not likely that both the posts will be given to new entrants to the party.CASTE MATTERSVijayalaxmi is a Lingayat and hence Ajjappa Bendigeri, who is also a Lingayat may not get the post. Similarly, Bharati Patil will find a stumbling block in Vijayalaxmi as members will not agree for both the posts going to women. Sudhir Saraf and Hoovappa Dayagodi from Hubli are two other aspirants. If the BJP leadership yields to pressure from Hubli lobby, then Sudhir Saraf has a fair chance of getting the post as he enjoys the confidence of leaders.HUBLI v/s DHARWADMeanwhile, corporators from Dharwad are unanimous in their plea that the post should be given to Dharwad. At a meeting held recently BJP MLAs Chandrakant Bellad and Seema Masuti and all BJP corporators demanded that a corporator from Dharwad should be made the Mayor.Since the post is reserved for general category all the corporators are eligible to contest.Prakash Godbole, Shivu Hiremath, Bharati Patil, Ashok Nidavani and Sanjay Kapatkar who are aspiring for the post said they would be happy if any one of them got the post.The elections are likely to be held in the last week of March. The term of present mayor Poorna Patil comes to an end this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335614", "title": "Like father\u2019s clients, like son", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A criminal lawyer recently got a call from his 17-year-old son who earnestly said that he had been arrested by the crime branch. The call was disconnected midway, before the lawyer could ask any questions. All attempts made by the lawyer to call back on the number failed. The lawyer rushed to the crime branch office and got an entirely different story.Crime branch officials told him nobody by the boy's name had been picked up. The lawyer finally tracked down his son by contacting some of his friends. \"When the boy returned home in the evening, we called him to the crime branch office,\" said a police official. Initially, the boy stuck to his tale that he had been abducted by two persons who identified themselves as cops. Also, he had been let off by his captors. The truth tumbled out after some time. \"The teenager, appearing in the XII (science) exam, was afraid of that day's exam and had heard many of his father's clients speak about being picked up for questioning by the crime branch. He wove this tale to skip the exam,\" said crime branch officials. After some words of advice, the cops sent the boy away with his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335705", "title": "Former Chennai councillor held on murder charges", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday arrested Manivannan, a former Chennai Corporation councillor, in Mangalore and launched a hunt for his associates for the murder of Bilal, a tailor whose body was found in Mandaveli on Wednesday last. Manivannan was later remanded in Puzhal prison.A Maruti Omni, allegedly used to kidnap Bilal, was seized. Bilal had been in love with Divya (name changed), daughter of Manivannan, a PMK member, and planned to marry her.Police teams led by Kotturpuram assistant commissioner P Sivasankaran went to Mangalore and brought Manivannan here. During questioning, he allegedly admitted to having engaged some persons to murder Bilal.After the mutilated body of Bilal of Mylapore was found near the Mandaveli MRTS railway station, Manivannan's hand was suspected as his daughter and Bilal had eloped in December 2011. During the subsequent counselling, Manivanann stabbed Bilal's brother Ahmed Basha and was arrested. He was later released on bail.Police said that even after Divya was later handed over to her family, the couple continued to be in touch and Manivannan decided to eliminate Bilal. Special teams are now looking for the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12337011", "title": "Cops yet to get clues in murder of security guard", "text": "COIMBATORE: The rural police have not got any vital clues in connection with the murder of a 26-year-old private security guard. The police suspect previous enmity to be the reason for the murder.C Hemaraj of Nepal, a private security guard at a textile mill owner's house at Karumathampatty on the outskirt of the city, was stabbed to death when he attempted to chase two burglars. Coimbatore rural police have formed three special teams to nab the culprits. But the police have not got any vital clues till now.According to a senior police officer, two masked persons wearing gloves hid in a toilet which was behind the house. A CCTV had captured the two persons at 1.54 am on February 17. The footage shows the duo had a knife on them and they were chatting with each other. Unfortunately, the camera did not capture the murder. Nor did it get their entry and exit into the house. \"We suspect that the duo had come to the house to murder the security guard over previous enmity. We are conducting an inquiry with friends and family of the deceased,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335867", "title": "Rajiv Gruhakalpa residents up in arms over water crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 1,000 families residing at Rajiv Gruhakalpa at Suraram thronged the head office of the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;), Khairatabad, and staged an hour-long protest demanding water supply in the area.The families took the water problem issue to the notice of Qutubullapur legislator K Srisailam Goud. He responded immediately and joined the families in their protest in front of the Water Board office. Though he came to meet HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha, as the latter was not available at the office , the MLA met HMWS&SB; director-technical Prabhakar Sarma and gave a representation on the problem.Speaking on the occasion, he said that though the proposal to lay a pipeline to the Rajiv Gruhakalpa houses at Suraram was moved two years ago and Rs 85 lakh sanctioned for the purpose, the Water Board failed to make any progress on the issue.As a result, around 4,000 families were facing severe water problem.\"We will give the HMWS&SB; a week's time to either lay a pipeline or find an alternative source to supply water. If the Water Board does not respond, then protests will be intensified,\" the MLA added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336034", "title": "Bihar govt fails to install cell phone jammers in jails", "text": "PATNA: Mobile phone jammers could not be installed in the jails of Bihar due to technical reasons. Stating this in Bihar assembly on Monday, water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, who replies to questions related to home department, said the exercise for installation of jammers in jails did not succeed as different companies failed at the trial stage.Even in Delhi's Tihar jail, the minister said, installation of jammers could not be done. However, other electronic gadgets like CCTV cameras, metal detectors and baggage scanners had been installed, he said.Replying to a question of Amrendra Pratap Singh (BJP), the minister said video conferencing system has been installed in 27 jails for production and interrogation of undertrial prisoners. The facility would be extended to 16 other jails in near future. He said this system has checked the incidents of escape of prisoners while being taken to courts besides preventing entry of prohibited articles in the jail.Choudhary said between 2007-10, raids were conducted in 34 jails and during 180 search operations, 336 mobile phones and 129 SIMs were recovered. He said on November 30 last, a meeting of all jail superintendents was held by the IG, prison, to review the situation.Replying to another question of the same member about making the Phulwarisharif police station online, Choudhary said in 2006, computer sets were provided by the police headquarters, but technical snags were detected in the Common Integrated Police Application Software at the trial stage. As a result, another software - Crime and Criminal Tracking Network System (CCTNS) - has been developed.He said as per the plan, all police stations in Patna district will be networked under the CCTNS project. He denied lack of manpower at Phulwarisharif PS and said all non-functional computers had been repaired. The BJP MLA had alleged that the exercise to make Phulwarisharif PS online could not proceed even though all crime records had been computerized there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336473", "title": "Farmers get useful agricultural tips at Kisan Mela", "text": "VARANASI: A number of stalls showcasing advances in agricultural sciences and engineering technology attracted attention on the inaugural day of the two-day Kisan Mela (farmers' fair) organised by the Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), Banaras Hindu University , on Monday.While a number of progressive farmers belonging to neighbouring districts of Chandauli, Mirzapur, Ghazipur, Jaunpur, Bhadohi along with areas of West Bihar attended the fair, a wide range of value added products especially home-made products like pickles, papad, jam and jelly also attracted attention. Apart from participation of various departments of IAS, the other centres including Indian Institute of Vegetable Research (IIVR), Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, Barkachha (Mirzapur) under BHU also came up with their stalls on the occasion.Earlier, Dr MM Pandey, deputy director general (Agricultural Engineering), ICAR, New Delhi inaugurated the two-day farmers fair at IT ground, BHU in the day. He also emphasised on use of agricultural engineering and technology for increasing the agricultural output. Dr AK Srivatava, director, NDRI, Karnal and S Rajendra Prasad , project director, DSR, Mau were special guests on the occasion. Vice Chancellor, BHU, Dr Lalji Singh presided over the inaugural function.A number of students of IAS, BHU also came up with stalls of organic farming, green fertilizers and models on advances in post harvest technology. Various equipments and agricultural tools including zero0tillage machine and light tractors for efficient ploughing in the field were also displayed on the occasion.Toll Free facility: The Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL) is all set to start round the clock customer care centre with toll free number 1800-180-5025 at Bhikaripur in the city. The power consumers can register complaints related to power snag, power supply and electricity bills on this number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337197", "title": "Rajasthan High Court clean chit to Narendra Modi over remarks against Nehru", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday dismissed a petition seeking prosecution of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for his alleged remarks against the country's first Prime Minister Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru during a speech on June 5, 2010.Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma, while dismissing the petition filed by one Charmesh Sharma, a member of Youth Congress in Bundi, held that the complainant was neither a person aggrieved by the remarks nor had the authority to file the said complaint under Section 500 of IPC for alleged defamation.Modi is said to have commented that, \"Pt. Nehru has done nothing for children\" which was reported in newspapers and TV channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336964", "title": "BSY fields loyal aide Puttaswamy", "text": "After shepherding his loyalist MLAs to a resort and demanding his reinstatement as CM, rebel BJP leader B S Yeddyurappa threw another tantrum on Monday by fielding one of his close aides for the Rajya Sabha poll.BJ Puttaswamy, who served as political secretary to the CM when Yeddyurappa was at the helm, and later continued in his post under his incumbent D V Sadananda Gowda , filed his nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha biennial poll. His nomination was proposed by 10 MLAs, all Yeddyurappa loyals.Before filing his nomination, Puttaswamy resigned from his position as political secretary to the CM. \"I have filed my nomination as the third BJP candidate. I am confident I will get the party's 'B' form,\" he told reporters soon after. He told the returning officer that he would submit the B form on Tuesday, the day of scrutiny of nomination papers.This was clearly seen as Yeddyurappa's renewed bid to exert more pressure on the central leadership. To send out a loud and clear message , the party quickly issued orders suspending Puttaswamy from the party and issued showcause notices to the 10 MLAs, including Aravind Limbavali, Laxman Savadi and Hemachandra Sagar, who proposed his name.Earlier, BJP's two official candidates - R Ramakrishna, a retired IAS officer and the party's central election cell convener, and Basavaraj Patil Sedam, a former state unit president -- filed their nominations accompanied by CM D V Sadananda Gowda, BJP state president K S Eshwarappa and Yeddyurappa's loyalists and ministers Shobha Karandlaje, Umesh Katti , Jagadish Shettar and Murugesh Nirani. \"We are nominating them following their service,'' the CM said.Outgoing MP Rajeev Chandrashekhar , backed by the JD(S) and accompanied by HD Revanna, also threw his hat in. JD(S) has 26 MLAs in the assembly. Chandrashekar said he was thankful to all political parties for supporting him. If Puttaswamy remains in the fray , it will be difficult for Chandrashekar.Deputy chairperson of the Rajya Sabha K Rahman Khan filed his papers as the Congress nominee. KPCC president G Parameshwara said that all the 71 MLAs would vote for Khan. \"There is no question of supporting another candidate,'' he said.In the 224-member House , the BJP has 120 MLAs and Congress 71. A winner needs 45 votes, which ideally means the candidates of these two parties can easily win.Case before CECEven as B S Yeddyurappa is making all out efforts to regain his gaddi, his advocate will represent him before the Supreme Court constituted Central Empowered Committee (CEC) on Tuesday. The panel issued notice to the former CM on Saturday and summoned him to appear before it on March 20 in connection with his role in illegal mining.\"The notice has been served. He (Yeddyurappa) or his advocate can appear before the panel,\" Pranav Sachdev, advocate for petitioner S R Hiremath told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12336414", "title": "People rally for early release of abductees", "text": "Berhampur: People in Phulabani and Daringibadi of Kandhamal district took out separate rallies on Monday urging the Maoists for the early release of the two abducted Italian tourists - Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo.Holding out placards reading \"athiti deva bhabo\", the rally participants requested the abductors to release the Italian tourists. While the rally at Daringibadi was conducted by the Citizen Forum, the one at the district headquarters in Phulabani was conducted by several organizations. School and college students, advocates, government employees, activists and women also joined in the rallies that traversed both the towns.Meanwhile, various organizations have expressed their concern over the incident. \"The problems of the people will not be solved permanently by the strategy of abduction. We appeal to release the Italian nationals, who have been taken hostage by the Maoists,\" Narendra Mohanty, the convener of Kandhamal`s Banabasi Surakhya Parishad, said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335802", "title": "Woman lawyer held for cheating seven of Rs 1.32 cr", "text": "CHENNAI: A 44-year-old woman lawyer of Bangalore was arrested in the city on Monday for cheating seven people with the promise of medical seats in a private college in Bangalore. Lydia Ryan, who collected 1.32 crore from the seven but failed to deliver on her promise. She was nabbed at her Anna Nagar apartment where she has been living for the past few years, police said. She was later remanded in judicial custody.The incident came to light when Velu, a businessman in Pernampet near Vellore, approached joint commissioner of police (west zone) K Shankar seeking action against Lydia Ryan for cheating him after taking 20 lakh in two installments for a medical seat for his son, Kathiravan.Velu, who said he was introduced to her through a common friend, Ramesh, claimed he handed over the money at her apartment in 'R' Block, 6th Avenue. When he didn't get the promised seat, Velu asked Lydia to return the money but she began dodging him before finally vanishing.\"Lydia initially denied cheating the complainant. Subsequently, we received six more complaints from people who claimed Lydia cheated them with similar promises. Later, she admitted to the offence and promised to pay the victims soon,\" Anna Nagar assistant commissioner S Balasubramanian said.Lydia had collected 17 lakh from Raj Kumar of Puduchery, 15 lakh from Navin of Cuddalore, 20 lakh from Gurupriya of Tiruvannamalai, 21 lakh from Vishnu of Gingee, 20 lakh from Radhika of Ambur and 20 lakh from Gunasekaran of Cheyyar, police said.Police said Lydia Ryan, who completed her law course in a Bangalore college, was registered with the Madras Bar Council in 1991, but didn't renew it later. Her husband Mahesh Ryan is a financial consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336737", "title": "Most of main roads in Kanpur in a shambles", "text": "KANPUR: The woes of commuters are simply not ending due to the dilapidated condition of the roads. The incidents of road cave-ins have become very common. In Kidwai Nagar, a truck tyre had to be kept in the middle of the road to avert any mishap from taking place due to a gaping hole. The portion of the road had a pothole and to cover it, the locals had to devise this method.This is the condition of a main road on which thousands of vehicles pass each day. Another example can be given of the road connecting Panchakki Crossing to Mall Road. It is also badly damaged. The locals of Panchakki Crossing said commuting up to Mall Road had become a dangerous task for them.In Pandu Nagar, a posh locality, the situation is so pathetic that the locals and the commuters have diverted their movement to Gurudwara Road connecting to Kakadeo Market.The said road had been repaired by laying a surface of bricks but two-wheelers have the greatest difficulty in passing on it.There have been a number of cases wherein commuters had slipped and injured themselves.The locals of the area say despite complaints, nobody has paid a heed towards it.The morning walkers and those coming to Gurudwara are also sufferers. Close to the damaged road there exists a park which is thronged by morning walkers every day.A large number of people take the same route for reaching the Pandu Nagar Gurudwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337577", "title": "One more dies in spurious liquor case", "text": "VADODARA: The death toll in the spurious liquor case touched four on Sunday night when one more victim died during the treatment.Vithhal Tadvi, 40 resident of Panej village, who was fighting for his life for last six days, succumbed to illness. He was among the 24 people who had consumed spurious liquor at the village on March 13.However, the cops are yet to come out with any concrete reason behind the deaths. Senior police officials have remained evasive about the queries and are saying that it wasn't a hooch tragedy.\"We are waiting for the report to find out which chemical led to the deaths. Initial reports have shown traces of ethyl alcohol, which is used to make liquor, in the blood samples of the victims. We suspect that some pesticide was mixed in the liquor but we can comment only after we receive the report,\" said in-charge DSP S U Pandey.TOI tried to contact IG (rural) J K Bhatt but he didn't answer phone calls and messages. The cops have arrested bootlegger Rama Tadvi's wife Kokila who is accused of preparing the liquor. Residents of Panej village, who work as farm labourers, had consumed the liquor before going to the farms on the morning of March 13. They used to consume liquor regularly at Tadvi's place.However, the concoction went wrong that day. About 24 people took ill and were shifted to a local hospital before being transferred to SSG Hospital. Apart from the police inquiry, district collector Vinod Rao has also ordered an inquiry to find out the reasons behind the deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335892", "title": "Animals desert sanctuaries in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh could be sitting on an expansive forest area with four national parks and 23 wildlife sanctuaries but more than half of these jungle belts currently have little or no wild animals to boast of. Apart from a few species of birds and butterflies, a poor population of deer and a stray tiger, these state sanctuaries are no longer home to any other wild beasts , especially large mammals, which were once found in abundance in these forests.On this list of near-deserted sanctuaries are the Kinnerasani Wildlife Sanctuary (Khammam), Rollapadu Bustard Sanctuary (Kurnool), Sivaram Wildlife Sanctuary (Adilabad), Pakhal Wildlife Sanctuary (Warangal), Kawal Wildlife Sanctuary (Adilabad) and Eturangaram Wildlife Sanctuary (Warangal), among others in and around Tirupati and the Araku Valley. Throbbing with animals right from tigers to cheetahs, wolves, crocodiles, elephants, sambars, gaurs and even deer about a decade ago, these sanctuaries now stand without much wild habitation. If Kinnerasani, which at one point of time was among the most popular tiger-sighting zones of AP, now has just a few drab-looking deer enclosures, the Bustard Sanctuary is today left with only a couple of terrestrial birds. Sivaram synonymous with its crocodile population has close to none now while the entire herd of tigers from Pakhal has been wiped out.Both are currently surviving on a poor collection of bird species.\"In fact this is true of most sanctuaries and national parks in the state, barring the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR), which has seen a stead improvement in its tiger count over the years,\" said wildlife expert Farida Tampal. NSTR at present has approximately 60 tigers. \"But in the rest of the state, the count of the animal is an appalling 10 or less. This shows that the wildlife wing of the state has been concentrating only on one area, while the rest of the equally potential sanctuaries continue to remain neglected,\" Tampal added. That there is sadly no proper count of AP's wildlife wealth, despite the Wildlife Protection Act making it mandatory for states to maintain such records, only makes matters worse, she said.Further, adding to the misery of these wildlife zones is the heavy deforestation and poaching activities that have shot through the roof with time, say environmentalists. Be it alienation of forest land under the Forest Rights Act (land given to tribals who could prove ownership) or unbridled growth of timber mafias or even the unchecked access of shooters in these sanctuaries, all have together spelt doom for AP's wild animal wealth, they say.\"It is time that the government and bureaucracy looked into the issue of wildlife more seriously. If neighbouring states such as Orissa and Maharashtra can maintain their thick forests, despite implementing the Forest Rights Act (AP gave away a whopping 14 lakh hectares under the policy) why can't the state,\" questioned Anil Kumar Epur, advisory board chairman, World-Wide Fund for Nature (WWF-AP Chapter) reminiscing how in the past areas such as Pakhal had anywhere between 30-40 tigers, among other animals, at any time of the year. This, however, is history now.\"But such situations in states like Maharashtra and Karnataka have been dealt with strongly and a proper management programme has ensured that the number of animals like tigers or even elephants is restored. This has also led to a surge in revenue collection from the states' sanctuaries. There is something AP can learn from them,\" stressed wildlife biologist Imran Siddiqui.But forest officials aren't convinced. Quoting the cliched 'man-animal conflict' crisis, they say such drop in wildlife wealth is inevitable. \"As a policy of the central government we have had to give away huge tracts of forest land to tribals. That has automatically cut down the space for wild animals,\" said K S Reddy, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF), AP adding, \"But then sanctuaries like NSTR are thriving. It is among the most prominent breeding grounds for tigers in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338951", "title": "It was a focused budget this year", "text": "On the whole the budget presented by finance minister K M Mani was focused with stress on infrastructure development and service and agricultural sectors. What I personally feel is that the finance minister has given importance to the services sector, which contributes 60% of the state domestic product, correctly.The budget outlays for individual outlays are very realistic, and the direction too -- for example the agriculture sector. Kerala, with its high population density, won't be able to spare vast swathes of land for agriculture and hence the proposal to use high tech systems -- micro irrigation, use of nutrients and high-yield farming -- would ensure efficient and improved use of land. Another notable aspect is the importance given to the educational sector. Technological City at Thiruvananthapuram, Knowledge City at Thodupuzha, Indian Institute of Technology at Palakkad, foundation of an Academic City and Global Education Meet are some of the interesting projects the government has taken up.The speciality of the State Budget is fiscal consolidation, which is in line with the flavour of the Union Budget. However, there are negative aspects too. The budget may drive up inflation.The increase in sales tax is going to drive up inflation. I'm a bit sceptical about the growth rate of 9.5% the economy will achieve as mentioned in the budget. One way to counter the inflation is the reversal of interest rates by the Reserve Bank of India, and if that doesn't happen, from next month onwards, you will see numbers coming down, especially in sectors like automobile.(The writer Alex K Babu is managing director, Hedge Equities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12338261", "title": "15 killed in train accident in Hathras, Uttar Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen people were killed and two others seriously injured when the Mathura-Kasganj Express rammed into a jeep at an unmanned railway crossing on Tuesday morning.The accident took place at the unmanned railway crossing near Madu Railway Station at 7:19 am in the district.The jeep was carrying 17 passengers, superintendent of police Chandra Prakash said.While 15 people were killed on the spot, two of the injured have been admitted to a hospital, he said. . Railway sources in Delhi said the mishap took place when the jeep tried to cross the track even as the train was approaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335907", "title": "Lok Adalat sets record", "text": "HYDERABAD: The resolution of several long-pending legal cases through the Lok Adalat route and also through mediation efforts is gaining momentum in the state.While 81,000 cases were resolved in 2011, as many as 70,000 were settled in the first three months of 2012. This was revealed on Monday by S Ravi Kumar, the member secretary of the State Legal Services Authority (SLSA).The Lok Adalat success was achieved mainly because of the key role played by Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and SLSA's executive chairman Justice Ghulam Mohammad, Ravi Kumar said. They gave us the direction to hold mega Lok Adalats all over the state, he said. While Hyderabad criminal courts complex stood first in the state by settling 8335 cases, Ranga Reddy district court got the second position with 4589 cases, Ravi Kumar said. There would be no appeal if the cases resolved in the Lok Adalat and even the court fee paid would be refunded to the parties, Ravi kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12336714", "title": "Security beefed up for foreign nationals in Jharkhand after Italian kidnapping case", "text": "BOKARO: District police on Monday strengthened security of Chinese, Russians and Germans people residing in the district, taking precautionary measures following the Odisha incident in which Maoists abducted two Italian tourists in Kandhmahal district on Sunday.At present, Bokaro hosts more than 700 foreign nationals and a majority of them reside in rural areas. This is the only place in state which has got such a huge number of foreigners. There are 660 Chinese, seven Ukranians residing in Siyaljori in Chandankyari block and a woman, Lindsay Barnes, of the UK, also resides in Chamdabaad village of the same area.Chinese and Ukranians are working for Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL) and Barnes runs an NGO. Besides, Claudir Zechal, a doctor from German, runs a hospital for the poor staying in the Maoist-prone Kasmar block. There are also a few Russians who are employed with Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) and live in Sector-IV of the town.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said: \"As a precautionary measure, security has been stepped up in the surroundings where the Chinese are staying in Chandankyari. I have ordered police stations to remain in contact with other foreign nationals residing in remote areas and provide essential security if they demand it. We have also intensified patrolling in the specific areas where these foreigners are residing.\" Police have instructed ESL officials to step up security in the residential colony of the Chinese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12335918", "title": "Nashik girl to hit the roads in Guangzhou", "text": "Nashik: Having tasted success in the country, long-distance runner and Nashik girl Monika Aathare will now compete against top runners from Asia.On Monday, Monika, who is a national cross-country runner-up, along with the cross-country champion Lalita Babar, Priyanka Patel and Swati Gadhave flew to Guangzhou in China to participate in the Asian Women's Cross-Country Championship that starts on Saturday.\"I am very happy to get a chance to show my mettle against the top cross-country runners in Asia. It will be a real test for me,\" Monika said before taking her maiden overseas flight. \"The international experience will help me to know where exactly I stand alongside the Chinese, Japanese and Korean runners. The outing will stand good in future for me,\" she said.The 18-year-old city girl has been training under coach Vejeendra Singh, who is also the coach of Asian and Commonwealth medal winner Kavita Raut, for the past four years. \"Since this is Monika's first international experience, I am not putting her under pressure by expecting a medal but my inner voice says she will give a pleasant surprise to all,\" he said.Monika practices with budding track &amp; field players like Kojagiri Bachhav, Anajana Thamake, Durga Bhagwat and Suresh Wagh at SAI Athletic Centre here. And whenever Kavita is in town, both of them practice together.Singh said Monika has tremendous stamina and talent to go with it. In the past four years, Monika has undergone a huge transformation-from a shy village girl to taking on the best in the country - reckons Singh.\"We have got another Kavita in the making but to tell you the truth, there are more than a couple of runners at present practicing here who have the potential to follow in the footsteps of Kavita. The only thing is they should not lose their focus and practice hard. There is no alternative to hard work,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338851", "title": "Agent Vinod is not Bond: Saif Ali Khan", "text": "Kareena and I were having lunch the other day. And I started talking about Agent Vinod.And she was like 'Whoa!'\" Saif Ali Khan tries to explain how much he had been talking about his upcoming production of late.And still, with five days left for the film to hit the theatres, the actor takes out a couple of hours to visit the Mirror newsroom and chat up with the team. Anxious, excited and perhaps a little nervous, Saif talks about things other than the film as well.It's past five in the evening. In a conference room with temperature that would have made penguins happy, Saif starts off with his experience as a producer. \"The film's USP is Sriram (Raghavan). He had told me how Vinod would be part Bond, part Bourne and part Tintin. And there would be scenes where he would say, 'So this is the Bond part.You can be a bit stylish',\" explains the actor - producer. But of course, the film had to be different from a regular Bond film. \"We have cars and cool chicks and gadgets. But Vinod is not Bond. Unlike 007, Vinod is introduced in a not-so-snazzy way,\" says Saif.The actor who has already watched the film twice and says that he wouldn't mind seeing it again, however is scared about it faring well in the single-screen theatres. \"It's perhaps a little too slick. There's a huge difference between the multiplex audience and those who will turn up in a single screen. I want the single screen audience to see my film as well,\" says Saif and adds laughing, \"We are looking at a Rs 200-crore business. That's the new benchmark.\"He talks about Raghavan (with a lot of fondness, we notice). He talks about the Agent Vinod graphic novels - \"The film we don't know, but the novel is surely up to international standards\". But he senses that we are itching to ask him about an incident in particular - so has he managed to put the public spat incident behind him?\"We try to be gracious every moment. But at times things just go out of hand,\" the actor says and gives the example of an evening in Paris . \"My parents were having dinner. And there was this celebrity from India who was at the same restaurant. He was generally being obnoxious. In fact, he took away the taxi waved by my mother, leaving her very angry.My father had this amazing capability to deflect such situations. All of a sudden in the hotel foyer people saw this man kneeling with a flower in front of this lovely Indian actress. My mother told me about this incident and said, \"Now that he is no more. You should try to be more like him.\"'\"My father used to say a lot of things about a lot of things. Thankfully most of them have stayed with me. When I was younger I wanted to be a cricketer as well. I used to play cricket in Pataudi. We had a lovely childhood. We learnt how to shoot game. However, I never had too many friends back there. At times it got boring. I had a friend, the sweeper's son Mukesh. He would imitate Amitabh Bachchan and I wanted to be more like him and mouth dialogues like 'apun garib admi hai,\" the actor takes us back to the rustic countryside where he had spent most of his childhood.His love for animals started developing around the same time. He talks about the pet deer that was brought in a big cage when it was injured and later killed by wild dogs. He remembers the African grey parrot that would sit beside their family telephone and imitate every caller. And then he talks about Elvis , his current pet dog that eats everything up these days. When we ask him to share a picture of Elvis, Saif gets all excited - \"I would love to see him in the papers!\"But the actor says he does not want be a star. \"I would rather be an actor,\" says Saif who self admittedly only had Yeh Dillagi to pull him through the 90s. \"The turning point came with Kal Ho Na Ho and Hum Tum. In KHNH, I was the parallel lead. It was a big budget Dharma film. Big money. Big hit. Seeing that, Aditya (Chopra) asked me to do a solo film Hum Tum. It became a hit. Finally Saif had that one solo hit that every newspaper despite good reviews would always write about in the footnote,\" he explains.The other turning point in his career was Eros International suggesting that he turn producer. \"It's a liberating feeling. Now even we can think up stuff and make a film,\" says Saif and thinks up a storyline sitting in the enclosed room full of journalists.Another round of coffee, and the focus shifts back to Agent Vinod. So was he making fun of Vinod Khanna in the film, ones who have watched the promos closely inquire. \"I had to explain the same thing to Vinod Khanna at a recent event. He asked me the same thing. No, I do not make fun of him. It's a very funny scene where I start talking about Amar Akbar Anthony. That's how Amitabh Bachchan and Vinod Khanna get mentioned,\" he explains.The actor admits that he has not met Mahendra Sandhu, the original 1977 Agent Vinod. \"But I have seen the film. I would be rather tacky to go now three days before the release to meet him and do a photo op - the old and new Agent Vinod,\" thinks the actor.What would be tacky too is having a tag line to his film. \"We thought of one - No gadgets. Only guts,\" says the actor (Here, we all start laughing. Some of us in serious danger of falling off our benches.) Saif however keeps a straight face and says, \"That's why we don't have a tagline. It's a cool film. Vinod is a spy with a heart. And I hope and pray people like it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12336209", "title": "State gold dealers observe bandh", "text": "MARGAO: Members of the Goa Gold Dealers Association (GGDA) on Monday successfully observed a day-long bandh in protest against the proposals in the Union Budget to levy import duty of 4% on standard gold, 1% excise duty and the imposition of consumer tax.The bandh was observed in support of a call given by the all India gems and jewellery trade federation (GJF) and associations across India to stage the bandh of jewellery establishments. GGDA members felt that the 2012 budget had singled out the gems and jewellery sector for a barrage of provisions which will affect the business.\"We are protesting against the hike in customs and excise duties, along with provisions of 1% tax deduction by retailers for jewellery purchase of over .` 2,00,000,\" said Vikram Verkelar, GGDA president. Verkelar added that the government was trying to penalize their industry and that with the increase in duties, smuggling would be rampant which will lead to the eventual rise in black money.\"Central excise duty requires elaborate book keeping, and the costs and details to be maintained are cumbersome. Ordinary jewellers will be subject to great hardships as they are owner managed and run as small businesses,\" said Pramit Raikar, GGDA secretary. Raikar further pointed out that by introducing a provision to tax large jewellery purchases at selling point, all transactions of over .` 2 lakh done in retail shops will now need to take 1% as tax and remit it to the government.\"The government's definition of branded and unbranded products is vague but from their definition, there is less than 5 % branded product sale in Goa,\" said GGDA treasurer Sandeep Raikar while criticising the proposal to extend excise duty net to unbranded jewellery restricted till now to branded products. There are around 350 gold dealers in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12336309", "title": "Summer resort town near abduction site as sleepy as ever", "text": "Berhampur: Unfazed by the abduction of two Italians near Daringibadi, the summer resort town in tribal-dominated Kandhamal district went about its daily life as usual on Monday, even though police has stared checking long distance vehicles passing through the area.Shops and business establishments in Daringibadi opened as usual and government offices functioned normally. There was no disruption in students taking High School Certificate (HSC) examinations either, which started from Monday in two centers of the town.\"The situation is quite normal. Government offices are functioning as usual and vehicles are plying as per schedule,\" said Daringibadi block development officer (BDO) M K Swain.Four persons -- two foreigners and two Odiyas from Puri - were taken hostage by the outlawed leftwing ultras near Daringibadi on March 14. While the Odiya abductees were released by the rebels on Saturday night, the foreigners are still held ransom to a 13-point charter of demands of the Maoists.\"We only came to know about the incident through the media,\" said a shop owner in the sleepy town. \"I think the issue will be resolved soon,\" said a school teacher in the town, on condition of anonymity.The foreign abductees - Italians Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangilo - had gone to trek in the hilly terrains of Daringibadi on March 12 in spite of police warning them not to venture inside the forests due to Maoist presence, police said.\"Since Daringibadi is a summer resort town, several tourists from various parts of the country and abroad come here to holiday,\" said Pitabash Panda, a grocery shop owner in the picturesque town. \"We think the abduction of the foreigners will not affect our business though,\" he added.Police said they are checking vehicles, especially long distance buses at the entry point of the district and the adjoining districts of Ganjam and Gajapati. \"Suspected vehicles are being checked in these districts,\" said Berhampur DIG, R K Sharma. \"Efforts by the government are on to secure early release of the foreigners,\" added collector Rajesh Prabhakar Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337567", "title": "Minor rioting breaks out in Bawamanpura", "text": "VADODARA: Minor communal rioting broke out in the communally sensitive Bawamanpura area on Sunday night when some locals started bursting firecrackers after India beat Pakistan in one day international (ODI) in the Asia Cup.Five persons including a child suffered injuries when the mob resorted to stone pelting. Policemen rushed to the spot and resorted to lathi charge to control the situation. The rioting mobs were dispersed by the cops soon. The incident, however, led to a tense atmosphere in the area.According to the police, trouble began when a group was bursting crackers to celebrate India's victory in Bawamanpura. The complainant Mehrin Gheewala was passing from the area with her husband on their motorbike. Her husband asked the celebrators to not burst crackers on road and it soon led to heated arguments. Someone from the mob pelted stone that hit Mehrin.\"Soon, arguments ensued and the groups came to blows. Both the sides started pelting stones at each other. Several people, who were out on streets to celebrate, got caught in the crossfire,\" said a police official.Some onlookers suffered minor injuries. The Panigate police rushed to the spot and resorted to lathi charge. A case of rioting has been registered against the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335517", "title": "Step out at your own risk on Gurgaon's streets", "text": "GURGAON: There have been far too many cases of crime on Gurgaon's streets in the recent past, where the perpetrators were able to get away safely. That's what happened in the recent gang-rape case too - when six men in an Alto car intercepted a cab near MG Road, before abducting a 23-year-old and driving away with her, uninterrupted, all the way to the old city. Why weren't they stopped? Even when the police was informed early enough by the victim's younger brother, who was present with her in the cab?One reason is zero policing of the roads at nights. It is a rarity to come across a secure check-point, or a PCR van after dark. Even on stretches like the MG Road, Golf Course Road, Sohna Road, Gurgaon-Faridabad Road, and Cyber City road - all hotspots for crimes like carjacking and abduction - police presence is far below the security standards at best, and non-existent at worst. According to police officials, there are 50 PCR vans and over 55 rider squads for patrols here. But out on the roads, they are hardly ever to be seen.When a TOI team drove through the main spots of the city late one night, there were no policemen to be seen at all, let alone women cops. Golf Course road, where a number of robbery incidents have occurred, has no barricading throughout. Same goes for most of the MG Road stretch- home to the pub-crawlers and an open-air drinking point during the nights. Where patrol crews were present - like right outside the Sahara Mall, owing possibly to the attention that the area is now getting - they were either disinterested or exhausted. Like the slumber party inside PCR No. 4, featured elsewhere on the page.One of the cops on duty at the MG Road said that the area has two PCR crews assigned to it.Gunjan Kar, a corporate employee in Gurgaon, often drives back from her office near the Signature Tower late at nights. \"First of all, the streets are pitch dark in this area. And beside this, I never see any police on the roads. Especially at nights,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12337499", "title": "Tripura first state to introduce human rights course in schools", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura government has introduced human rights as one of the subjects in school curricula, the first time in the country a state has introduced this as subject in school education. The subject will be incorporated as a part of social education subjects for students between Class VI to Class VIII as part of nationwide campaign for making people aware of the important part of constitutional and legal rights that they entitled to. Titled 'human rights in social and political life', the subject will be taught in the schools from the current academic year in three phases. The State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) has published the textbook for the course.Krishna Keshav Roy, president of the Tripura unit of Institute of Human Rights Education (IHRE), said they were trying to get the subject included in curricula up to college level. \"We are also working on the appropriate syllabus on human rights beyond Class VIII,\" he said, adding that Tripura is the first state in the country to introduce this important subject in the school education. \"Since 2006 we have been distributing a book - 'Human Rights Education' - in about 50 schools. The book will supplement the school text,\" Roy saidRoy said that chief minister Manik Sarkar has assured the subject would be included in higher classes. \"He also suggested that we should meet the Tripura Central University so that they can also introduce the human rights as subject or as a part of the Political Science paper,\" he added.I Devasahayam, IHRE's national president who was present in the media interaction, was all praise for the Tripura government saying that the state has set an example for the rest of the country. \"We have been trying to make human rights a part of the academic curricula, but Tripura is the first to take concrete action on this issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335175", "title": "Marve teen had been cautioned by mom", "text": "Mumbai: The mother of the teenaged girl from Marve, who was murdered by her father in a case of honour killing, told cops she had unsuccessfully tried convincing her daughter not to mingle with boys.Preeti Jaiswal (13) was strangled with a sewing machine belt by her father, Agyaram, at their residence on Thursday. Agyaram later told the police and the doctors that Preeti had committed suicide. However, a post-mortem report revealed she had been killed. Agyaram apparently lost his temper after his two elder daughters told him that Preeti had summoned a male friend home while she was alone.In her statement to the police, Preeti's mother Durgadevi said she and her son had been kept in the dark about the killing. Durgadevi had gone to Uttar Pradesh to attend a wedding, while her son, Vijaykumar (21), was at work at a photography studio in Charkop when the incident took place. \"My elder daughters, Sangeeta and Seema, called me up and said Preeti had ended her life. They lied to my son when they went to fetch him from his workplace,\" Durgadevi said.Durgadevi rushed back to Mumbai, where the police informed her that Preeti had, in fact, been murdered. \"I had tried convincing Preeti a number of times that our family was conservative and she shouldn't get too friendly with boys, especially as it irks her father. She was an outspoken girl and paid no heed to what we said,\" Durgadevi added.Preeti's friend, Aryan, has told the police that he went to her house only to borrow some money from her and wasn't in a relationship with her. Preeti's neighbours, who had spotted Aryan enter her house and alerted her sisters, haven't been co-operating with the police. \"We tried quizzing the neighbours but nobody has spoken to us about Aryan's presence yet,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337219", "title": "Woman dies of swine flu in Ajmer, 3rd death in state", "text": "JAIPUR: A 43-year-old woman died of swine flu in Ajmer on Wednesday, the third death in the past 20 days in the state.According to sources, Leela Devi, a resident of Ajmer, was tested positive for swine flu on March 12 and was admitted to JLN Hospital. She was undergoing treatment since then.Chief medical and health officer, Ajmer, Dr Laxman Harchandani, said: \"She died of swine flu. We surveyed the area to which she belonged to look for other positive cases. But, so far no other case has been detected.\"Meanwhile, in Jaipur, two more swine flu cases were reported. A 5-year-old girl, Tanuja, a resident of Jagatpura and 75-year-old Ram Singh tested positive for swine flu. Ram Singh is a resident of Haryana and is undergoing treatment at the Sawai Man Singh hospital. So far, 16 cases of swine flu have been found in Jaipur in the past 20 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335951", "title": "TMC MP's guard urinates on passenger, pulls out gun", "text": "KOLKATA: A bodyguard of Trinamool Congress MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar allegedly urinated on two passengers on the Rajdhani Express early on Monday. He then pulled out his service revolver and threatened them into silence.Aryak Dutta, one of the passengers, is a Calcutta high court lawyer. He could not name the policeman in his complaint since he was listed as 'MP's attendant' on the AC-II coach. Kakoli was in a first class coach with her dog. She did not take any calls. Late Monday night, she sent an SMS saying, \"Nothing happened.\" Dutta said, \"I was going to Allahabad with a client. The man occupying berth 19 said he was Dastidar's security guard. He said the MP was in an AC-I coupe.\"Dutta was sleeping on the upper berth when, around 2am, he was woken by some movement. \"The policeman was standing nearby, drunk. He was urinating on my client who was on the lower berth. My client cried out and I pushed the policeman lightly. He lost his balance but straightened up and continued to urinate on his legs and my luggage,\" said Dutta.'The cop then whipped out a revolver. \"My client was livid and demanded the policeman to clean up. I advised him not to quarrel with an armed man. Other passengers had woken up by then. We called out to the TTE and the coach attendant,\" Dutta said. Dutta and his client wrote in the complaint book and later filed an FIR at Allahabad station.Railway officials said they do not know if the passenger mentioned in the complaint is a policeman. \"We haven't yet seen the complaint as the train has not yet returned from New Delhi. We have spoken to the train staff and they confirmed a complaint was lodged. We don't know whether he was a policeman. He was registered as an attendant to the MP. It is alleged that he misbehaved with other passengers,\" a railway official in Kolkata said.Dutta claimed his client's clothes and their luggage were spoilt. Dastidar, who is in Delhi, refused to take calls but replied to an SMS requesting her to comment on the matter. Allahabad GRP sources confirmed they had received a complaint against a Rajdhani passenger travelling on berth 19 of the AC-II tier coach.MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar was in a Ist class coach with her dog. She did not take any calls. Late on Monday, she sent an SMS saying, \"Nothing happened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335394", "title": "Delhi University\u2019s academic council to meet today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's academic council (AC), the highest decision-making body on academic affairs, is scheduled to meet on Tuesday. The meeting is likely to be a stormy one as the minutes of the earlier AC meeting - where the decision to drop A K Ramanujan's essay 'Three Hundred Ramayanas' was taken - will be placed for approval. Meanwhile, DUTA plans to stage a dharna outside the V-C's office to demand inclusion of the attendance issue in the meeting's agenda.Other issues to be discussed include approval for replacing the existing three-year part time MBA and MBA healthcare administration programmes offered by FMS with two-year MBA (executive) and MBA (executive) healthcare administration (evening) programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335518", "title": "National museum soon to showcase Indian medical heritage", "text": "NEW DELHI: A permanent national museum to showcase India's rich medical heritage is on the cards.The Planning Commission's steering committee on Ayurveda , Yoga &amp; Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) for the 12th five-year Plan has recommended creation of an international standard medical museum, besides travelling exhibitions to showcase the indigenous rich heritage of traditional medicine.The Committee, headed by Syeda Hameed, has said the museum will look at \"the sociology, practice (oral traditions, codified traditions, surgery, pharmacy, therapy, dietetics and prevention), literature, music, botanical art and martial arts involved with traditional medicine,\" going deep into the streams like ayurveda, Unani, Siddha, Yoga, Sowa-rigpa and folk medicine.The panel has also recommended starting a National Mission on Medical Manuscripts.The mission would be involved in \"in-situ conservation of manuscripts, cataloguing, digitization, microfilming, critical editions, translations, publications and development of education modules on manuscriptology for AYUSH medical colleges and universities.\"The Committee has called for mainstreaming of AYUSH under the National Rural Health Mission through universal coverage. At present, only 24.6% of the public health facilities has availed central assistance for AYUSH medicines.It has been proposed introduction of a National Eligibility Test (NET) for AYUSH teachers/research fellows/ young post-graduates.\"Persons who have qualified NET should be preferred for various research schemes,\" said the final recommendations of the steering committee. The department of AYUSH is also looking at putting together a composite National Essential Drug List containing both allopathic and AYUSH drugs.Clinical management protocols or a \"Joint behavior change plan\" incorporating AYUSH-based lifestyle guidelines for adolescent health, geriatric care, mental health, non-communicable diseases, anemia and nutrition are also being developed.\"Practitioners should be able to prescribe the same in all Primary Health Care settings,\" the committee said.\"Standardization of classical formulations, AYUSH therapies and yoga practices to be given due focus,\" it added. The department estimates that there are around a million village-based, traditional AYUSH community health workers who possess knowledge related to various streams like midwifery, primary healthcare and bone setting. There are also more than 100 million households that possess knowledge of home remedies, ethnic foods and nutrition.\"The documentation of the traditional knowledge associated with medicinal plants is very important not only to preserve it for posterity but also to contest bio-piracy and bio-prospecting,\" the committee says.Experts say the AYUSH system can play a major role in promotive, preventive, rehabilitative and community health care as AYUSH medicines play a significant role in developing the immune system and increasing resistance to diseases.\"The strength of AYUSH lies in non-communicable diseases like diabetes and preventive cardiology, care of older persons and health problems/issues related to women and children. The 12th Plan strongly advocates mainstreaming of AYUSH so that it can contribute to achieving the national health outcome goals. An enabling framework for integrating AYUSH in medical education, health research and health services should accordingly be developed,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336943", "title": "Tough talk", "text": "No request has come from anyone to convene the BJPLP meeting. I'll present the budget on Wednesday and then convene the BJP LP meeting. Whenever there is some turbulence in governance, I'll intervene as CM. To look into party matters, we have the president.D V Sadananda Gowda | Chief MinisterYeddurappa and his supporters have grouped together which means chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has lost the majority. This is a fit case for imposing President's rule or the CM should recommend to the governor to dissolve the House .Siddaramaiah | Opposition LeaderI am confident things will settle down.Dharmendra Pradhan | BJP General Secretary Karnataka In-ChargeParty leaders were busy with the Rajya Sabha nominations today. We sent a letter signed by 67 MLAs to the higherups . Party president Nitin Gadkari held a telephone conversation with Yeddyurappa. I don't want to divulge details. No question of our en masse resignation. All cabinet ministers will attend the budget session tomorrow.Basavaraj Bommai | key strategist in BSY campThere is no permanent thing is politics. So there are no friends or enemies in politics. I hope BJP leaders will take an appropriate decision soon.G Karunakara Reddy | Former Minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337107", "title": "CM to seek more funds from Centre for 12th Plan", "text": "JAIPUR: The 12th five-year plan (2012-17) of Rajasthan is likely to have an outlay of more than Rs 1 lakh crore. A detailed report has been prepared by the State Planning Board after consulting various departments that focuses on rapid, inclusive and sustainable growth. Based on that report, chief minister, Ashok Gehlot will push the case for more allocation of funds for Rajasthan in the meeting with the Planning Commission of India on March 20-21 in New Delhi.With the initial budget of Rs 71,000 crore planned for the 11th five-year plan (2007-12) already reaching Rs 97,000 crore the state government is bargaining hard with the planning commission for more money. Officials of the planning board confirmed that the proposal involves more budgetary allocation.\"The outlay is much more than what was planned for 11th five-year plan. But its details will be revealed by the chief minister\", said Rakesh Verma, principal secretary, planning department.The report also presents a series of challenges that need immediate attention in its planning for next five years. Per capita water availability is at 637 cubic meters, which is way below the minimum requirement of 1000 cubic meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338732", "title": "Shreyas Talpade keen to do serious films again", "text": "Bollywood actor Shreyas Talpade , who started off with films like 'Iqbal', 'Dor', but later acted in comedies, says he is now keen on getting back to serious films and doing interesting subjects again.He made his Bollywood debut in Nagesh Kukunoor's 'Iqbal', in which, he played the role of a deaf aspiring cricketer. The film and his performance were well-received by both-- audiences and critics. His next film 'Dor' was again with Kukunoor, in which, he played a 'behroopiya', a man with many disguises. This film was also well-received.But later, he started comedy films like 'Apna Sapna Money Money', 'Welcome to Sajjanpur', 'Golmaal Returns', 'Paying Guests', 'Aagey Se Right', 'Golmaal 3', 'Hum Tum Shabana' and few others.\"I am looking forward to those (serious) kinds of scripts and roles. I am willing to do interesting subjects. But you also need a competent director to pull out the subject, like how Nagesh, Shyam babu did,\" Shreyas told PTI in an interview.\"In fact, I am longing for something like 'Iqbal' to happen again. If there are such interesting scripts that come my way, I don't mind doing it,\" he said.To shift from one genre to another is another difficult task for actors, but Shreyas has no complaints whatsoever.\"It is little difficult, as every director has different thinking and their way of working is different. You have to get into the character and role, you have to get the grasp of what the director wants from you. It takes two-three days for you to understand the character, the pitch and tone. It is a difficult part, but a good thing. Actor has to do lot of different things,\" he said.Shreyas would be seen next in Sajid Khan's comic-caper 'Housefull 2', which is up for release on April 5. It is a sequel to the 2010 hit film, 'Housefull'. Besides Akshay Kumar and Riteish Deshmukh from the first movie, John Abraham , Asin, Jacqueline Fernandez , Zarine Khan, Shazahn Padamsee and Shreyas will be seen in the movie.\"'Housefull 2' is going to be more entertainment, though I was not part of the first part, but the sequel is funnier and entertaining,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335433", "title": "Labour unrest singes Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: An assault on their colleague prompted about 2,000 workers of a major textile export company in Gurgaon to go on a rampage on Monday, clashing with police and torching at least 14 vehicles. Around 2,000 labourers from all three units joined the protest.The mob pelted stones inside the company premises. When around 50 cops reached the site, they too were greeted with stones. Angry workers burnt about a dozen vehicles parked in the factory. They even targeted a trailer and damaged a fire tender which was rushed to the spot. Two more cars parked inside the company premises were damaged while the windowpanes of the neighbouring buildings were smashed.Describing how it all started, eyewitnesses Rakesh, Vinod and Sandip said that the contractor had asked the all labourers to report to work even on Saturday and Sunday, but they had refused. \"When we joined work on Monday, contractor Harender came around 10.30am and started abusing us. One of our colleagues, Rajesh, answered back and the contractor stabbed his hand and slapped him,\" they said.As the situation went out of control, police resorted to a lathicharge. \"As a precaution we have deployed around 100 cops there. The workers have been alleging that the company management and the contractor are hand in glove,\" said a senior police officer.Late in the evening, police apprehended five workers involved in the rampage. They have also lodged an FIR against the contractor. Another FIR has been lodged against workers Arjun, Shahid, Rehman, Kuldeep, Rajkumar, Vinod, Rajesh and other agitators.On their part, plant manager N S Grewal said the company had nothing to do with the clash. \"We will remove the contractor if we find he is responsible for what happened,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337531", "title": "Kala Ghoda statue on a shaky ground", "text": "VADODARA: The magnanimous statue of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III near Kamatibaug that is popularly referred to as Kala Ghoda has started shaking on its pedestal. While the situation is not dangerous presently, the civic body has asked its engineers to keep a tab.The issue had come to the notice of some workers who climb on the statue and the pedestal it is installed on to clean the statue and polish it regularly. The workers have already brought the matter to the notice of the officials of the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) who have gone and checked the statue. When the issue was brought to the notice of mayor Dr Jyoti Pandya, she also asked the VMC engineers to check the statue. \"The engineers have gone and examined the statue. There is nothing to worry immediately,\" she said. Pandya added that the statue was very old and hence it may have started shaking a little.The statue is of historical importance not only because it is of the visionary ruler of the city, but also because it was raised by the citizens of Vadodara. Designed by F Derwett Wood, the statue was raised more than a century back in 1907 as a part of the silver jubilee celebrations of the coronation of Sayajirao.Designed by F Derwett Wood, the statue was raised more than a century back in 1907 as a part of the silver jubilee celebrations of the coronation of Sayajirao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335735", "title": "High court shows mercy to 73-year-old drug peddler", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has commuted death penalty of a drug peddler into life imprisonment. Ex-serviceman, Omkarnath Kak alias Pandit ji, was the first person in Gujarat to be awarded capital punishment by a city sessions court for being found guilty in a drug peddling case. It was the second such offence for Kak.Kak, 73, will have to spend 20 years in jail now as per the order of the division bench. HC has also imposed a penalty of Rs 1.5 lakh on him. He has been lodged in the jail for the last nine years after he was caught for the second time in 2003.Kak was first booked by Customs department in 1988 under the Narcotics and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for 10 years in 1990.After being released on bail, he continued to be involved in the drug peddling business and was caught again in 2003 along with six others with 40 kg of charas. He had bought the charas from Kashmir to deliver it to a team of drug peddlers in the city. While the co-accused was awarded 10-year imprisonment, the court considered NDPS Act provisions and awarded death sentence to Kak in February 2008.Kak challenged the capital punishment and during the proceeding that lasted for 15 days, his counsel B S Supehia argued on law points whether the lower court should have considered only the NDPS provisions in reaching to a conclusion that death penalty was the only quantum of punishment.After hearing lengthy arguments from the defence lawyer and the state government, the high court thought it fit to commute the death sentence to life imprisonment till 20 years in Kak's case.Besides, NGO Harm Reduction Network has also filed an appeal in the HC challenging the provisions of NDPS Act of awarding mandatory capital punishment to a person who is found guilty of drug peddling on a second occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340053", "title": "Online game for NKPK", "text": "The film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (NKPK), directed by Balaji Tharaneetharan, is creating a buzz among K-Town's celebs and fans.The film stars Vijay Sethupathy (of Thenmerku Paruvakkatru fame) and newcomer Gayathri Sankar in the lead and is said to be a comedy.To promote the film, the NKPK team has created an online game that can be played on the movie's website.Says a source from the unit, \"The creative crew of NKPK has come out with a new concept of a creative game which is related to the concept of their movie - what happens if we miss a part from our life and what could happen around you. The game comes with a timer which makes it fast and interesting. Also, the game features BGM's from the movie's audio. This new creative promotion is a first for a Kollywood movie.\"Fans can log on to the movie's website nkpkthemovie.comand be a part of this unique experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12340058", "title": "Yeddyurappa loyalists to boycott today's Karnataka budget session", "text": "BANGALORE: The crisis in the ruling BJP in Karnataka deepened further with loyalists of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa deciding to boycott the opening day's budget session today.Even as BJP central leadership said it will send an emissary to resolve the leadership tussle, Yeddyurappa loyalists decided to continue their stay in a private resort where they have been lodged since Sunday. However, they decided to depute two ministers -- Jagadish Shetter and C M Udasi-- and MLAs Lakshminarayan and Chandrakant Bellad to attend today's session.The party's central leadership had promised to depute an emissary after the current budget session to resolve the crisis. The assurance has paved way for the chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to present his maiden budget tomorrow without any hindrance.\"The central leadership will be sending its emissary to Bangalore to resolve the leadership issue and Gowda will present the budget as scheduled tomorrow,\" Minister for Water Resources and a prominent Yeddyurappa loyalist Basavaraj Bommai told reporters at a private resort here.Bommai said the group has demanded that the party convene a legislature party meeting to decide the leadership issue. The central leadership, especially BJP general secretary Arun Jaitley , has been in constant touch with B S Yeddyurappa and had detailed talks with him over the issue, Bommai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12339223", "title": "New iPad 'hacked' on launch day", "text": "NEW DELHI: iPad wasn't even a day in the market, when eager hackers pounced on the much-awaited device. Reportedly, the next-generation iPad was jailbroken within three hours of its market release on March 16.\"Musclenerd,\" a member of the iPhone Dev Team, posted a screenshot on Twitter on Mar. 16 showing how he got root access on the latest Apple tablet. Another member, Stefan Esser, or @i0nic, posted a video showing an untethered jailbreak for his third-generation iPad. Finally, Grant Paul, or @chpwn, disclosed a third method to get root on the new iPad, PC Magazine reports.The tweet said: Jailbroken iPad 3: \"Just a first step, still lots of work to do! No ETA!.\"Jailbreaking, is the process of removing the limitations imposed by Apple on devices running the iOS operating system. It leaves the device vulnerable to users who can gain root access to the operating system and download additional apps that are unavailable through the official Apple App Store.Hackers seem to have mastered the art of cracking open the toughest codes. Recently, a group of hackers busted the security of Google Chrome , which was previously known as invincible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12337330", "title": "Pak's support for Haqqani network has increased: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan's support for Haqqani network has increased through both facilitating additional sanctuary and providing strategic and operational guidance, a top US think tank has said.In its report on Monday, the Institute for the Study of War has asserted that the network represents a strategic threat to the enduring stability of the Afghan state and US national security interests in the region.\"The Haqqani network is the primary proxy force backed by elements of Pakistan's security establishment. Pakistan's support for the Haqqani network has increased, through both facilitating additional sanctuary and providing strategic and operational guidance,\" the report \"The Haqqani Network: A Strategic Threat\" said.Pak-based terrorist outfit the Haqqanis are currently Afghanistan's most capable and potent insurgent group, and they continue to maintain close operational and strategic ties with al-Qaida and their affiliates, it said.These ties will likely deepen in the future, it noted. Given the increasing strength of the Haqqani network, the report recommended the US must not abruptly shift the mission of its forces in Afghanistan from counter-insurgency to security force assistance.\"US forces cannot curtail or cease offensive operations in the areas South of Kabul in Regional Command East in 2012. The United States and its Afghan partners must dismantle the Haqqani network's strongholds in Khost, Paktika, and Paktia and contain the organisation's expansion toward Kabul prior to a shift in mission. Failure to do so will present a strategic threat to US national security interests in Afghanistan,\" it said.The Washington-based think tank said coalition and Afghan forces must conduct a sustained, well-resourced offensive against the Haqqani network inside of Afghanistan.This campaign would likely require at least two adequately-resourced fighting seasons.\"Consequently, it is imperative that the US retains force levels at 68,000 troops after September 2012, rather than conducting a further drawdown. Without such a campaign, the Haqqani network will be a dominant force inside of Afghanistan indefinitely, and the United States would fail to achieve its stated objective of preventing the return of al-Qaida and affiliated groups to Afghanistan,\" it said.The Haqqanis maintain considerable sanctuary and support nodes inside Pakistan's tribal areas, it said.\"From their safe havens in North Waziristan and Kurram Agencies in Pakistan , the Haqqanis project men and materiel to resource their terrorist campaign in Afghanistan's southeastern provinces of Khost, Paktika and Paktia onwards to the provinces surrounding Kabul,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12336355", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's bid to shield revenue from court rulings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is trying every tool available to him to ensure that he does not lose revenue due to court or tribunal rulings. It now emerges that he has inserted a clause in the Finance Bill which proposes to ensure that notwithstanding a court or tribunal ruling, all capital gains tax notices or demands either levied or recovered under provisions of the Income Tax Act related to a share or income arising out of India will stay valid.The move is ostensibly aimed at ensuring that the government collects taxes in merger and transactions involving an Indian asset, which is held by foreign entities. The clause is in addition to amendments to Section 9 of the Income Tax Act that has come under sharp criticism from tax experts and investors. The second provision, inserted through clause 113 of the Finance Bill, is something that Mukherjee had alluded to during an interaction with the media on Sunday. What he did not mention was his intent to ensure that government revenue is not lost and \"fiscal chaos\" is not a mere statement but is backed by a proposal awaiting parliamentary sanction.Tax practitioners, however, said the proposals are fraught with the risk of facing fresh judicial scrutiny as they seek to ensure that the executive has its way even if the court interprets a decision to be against the prevalent legal norms.From the government's point of view, the idea is to ensure that the exchequer does not lose Rs 35,000-40,000 crore in total as a fallout of the Vodafone deal. The government has asked the global mobile giant to pay around $2 billion in taxes, which were due from Hutch, and should have been deducted by Vodafone while acquiring the company's 67% interest in Hutch Essar for a consideration of $11.9 billion.Although the Supreme Court had struck down the demand on the grounds that it was an \"offshore\" transaction, Mukherjee is seeking to amend the law retrospectively from April 1962 to ensure that it does not lose revenue.Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335250", "title": "Security plan on cards for hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years after it tried giving protection to doctors from attacks they face by creating stricter laws, the state government is now drawing up a comprehensive security master plan for every major hospital across Maharashtra.The plan, which will also include an internal code of ethics and conduct for the doctors, will be completed after a meeting of all stakeholders soon. The code has been necessitated in light of the recent incident of the murder of a woman doctor at a civil hospital in Jalgaon by an attendant.\"Every hospital in the state varies in size and architecture and so the master plan will have to be carefully drawn up keeping individual requirements in mind. It will be completed soon,\" said minister of state for home Satej Patil in reply to a calling-attention motion in the legislative council on Monday.The motion was raised by Sudhir Tambe (independent) in view of the continuing attacks on doctors working in state-run hospitals. \"There is little awareness about the law among policemen, who are not regularly registering cases. No police chowkies have come up in the hospitals. The police have no clue and are not taking any action,\" said Tambe.Doctors' recruitmentState health minister Suresh Shetty told the assembly all posts of specialist doctors in government hospitals will be filled up within 15 days. He said increments would be announced soon to speed up recruitment of specialist doctors across Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334756", "title": "DEO issues notice to St Joseph\u2019s School", "text": "BHOPAL: The district education officer (DEO) raided a make-shift book shop at Idgah Hills where stationery of a prominent private school was being sold in violation of the district collector's orders. The action was taken following a complaint from parents.The district administration is gearing up to initiate action against St Joseph's convent, says the DEO C M Uppadhaya who initiated action at the book seller for selling the books.He said that the temporary shop was sealed and a panchanama was made around 5 pm.\"Around 500 students and parents were waiting in the queue when I reached the premises of the Gurudwara where the books and stationery were being sold,\" Uppadhaya said.This was a violation of the orders given by the Collector to the principals of private schools in a meeting held with them recently, whereby they were told to issue book lists and not to sell books and note books privately.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava who was briefed on the matter said, \"This is a violation of section 144 of the CrPc (prohibitive orders). The school would be prosecuted against under section 188 of the IPC (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant).\" He added, \"The schools have been warned against the selling of books privately but they are not paying heed. Strict action needs to be taken against them.\"Sister Lilly, school principal though feigned ignorance about the matter. She said, \"I am unaware of the selling of books. Also this was a book seller from TT Nagar selling books privately and not the school. The book list was put up at the notice board two weeks back. The students were free to go anywhere to purchase the books and notebooks. The reason they queued near the school could be because the school re opens tomorrow for the new academic session.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12334689", "title": "SoBo electricity to cost more to keep buses running", "text": "Mumbai: South Mumbai will have to brace up to pay a little more on power bills to help bring the city's bus transport service out of its financial mess.Around 10 lakh power consumers in the island city have to pay 30-35 paise per unit on their power tariff in the new fiscal to make up for around Rs 450 crore losses the electricity supplier-Brihanmumbai Electric Supply &amp; Transport Undertaking (BEST)- incurred on its bus transport business. It will be besides the annual tariff hike which is likely in a few weeks.During a recent legal fight with the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (Merc), the Supreme Court had upheld the BEST administration's claim that it can recover losses incurred on its transport services through the power supply business, permitting it to hike the electricity tariff to save the transport unit. But experts hope that the recent relief on coal taxes and machinery in power generation and mining, proposed in the Union Budget, will help keep prices under control.Experts and consumer activists criticized the decision. \"It's absolutely unfair, unjustified and unfortunate. It is the clause in the Electricity Act that allows only civic bodies to recover such losses which the SC seemed to have considered as a ground while favouring BEST. BEST runs its transport business beyond the island city, up to Kalyan, Thane and Navi Mumbai... so why should a resident of Dadar pay for losses incurred there,\" asked power expert Ashok Pendse.Following the SC's directives, Merc on Friday allowed BEST to recover Rs 443.58 crore losses in transportation as the revenue gap of 2009-10 and 2010-11.Senior consumer activist R Sridhar from Sion said it was \"totally unfair\".Experts said the extra per unit recovery would come to around 30-35 paise per unit for seven to nine months.BEST has already proposed a hike up to 42% on tariffs to convert it into a profit-making company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336176", "title": "Engineers lose promotions for not reporting to work", "text": "Nashik: The promotions of two branch engineers from water resources department (WRD), Nashik along with sixteen others in the state, have been cancelled since they have not reported at their new place of posting for a period of more than three months.The department issued an order on March 16, with directives to the heads of department to cancell promotions if the said officers do not report for duty by the time the orders reach them.On 17 November 2011, the department promoted 123 graduate city engineers and junior engineers to the post of sub-divisional officers (civil) in the various offices of the department where the posts were vacant.These included branch engineer Arjun Kadmulikar, of the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute ( MERI), Nashik, promoted to SDO Yavatmal. Another branch engineer, Prabhakar Wakade, of North Maharashtra Region, was promoted to SDO Mangalpir, under the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, Nagpur. \"These were temporary promotion orders.Since eligible candidates were not available for the posts reserved for a category. the candidates who were due for promotions have been promoted temporarily. Later, when candidates will be available, these SDOs will be given suitable posts,\" a senior official informed.The orders state that the officers despite being relieved did not join the offices within a month's time, which is the mandatory period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12336722", "title": "Graveyard\u2019s gate stolen", "text": "RANCHI: An FIR was lodged with the Sukhdeo Nagar police station on Monday by the members of Ratu Road graveyard committee about a stolen iron gate. According to the members of the committee, it is not the first time that something has been stolen from the graveyard premises.Mohammad Najib, secretary of the committee, said: \"The thefts have been going on for the past 2-3 months. Earlier, the thieves had stolen bulbs, wires and even the iron rods of the newly-constructed place for offering namaz.\"Najib said the switchboard and wires were stolen last Sunday and they had lodged a complaint about it but no action has been taken by the police yet. \"The number of thefts is constantly increasing but police is not at all serious about it. We have complained so many times, but police doesn't even bother to do night patrolling,\" said Najib.\"In the morning, when the workers came to the graveyard, they saw the thieves had cut and taken away the iron gates of namazgah. We have lodged a complaint about it with the Sukhdeo Nagar police station,\" he said. Frequent thefts at the graveyard are creating financial and functional problems for the committee members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334776", "title": "State clears expansion of FDA laboratory", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has approved a proposal for expansion of the state drugs laboratory in the state capital governed by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA). Additional posts have also been sanctioned to augment the services at the lab.The FDA had sent a proposal seeking expansion of the laboratory and increase in manpower to the state government last year, department sources said.Ashwini Rai, director, food and drugs administration, Bhopal told TOI, \"A new building is being constructed adjacent to the Food and Drugs Control office in Idgah Hills at a cost of Rs 35 lakh. The laboratory is an extension to the existing state drugs laboratory.\"It will take another two years for the new set to start operations, the director said.Presently, the FDA lab here takes about a fortnight for testing samples and preparing reports. With the new set up and increased manpower this time gap would be cut down.Presently, the lab can test only around 2,000 food and drugs samples in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12337055", "title": "Development promises remain on paper", "text": "BANGALORE: Another state budget will be presented, hopefully, on Wednesday. But what can Bangaloreans , sinking forever in the urban morass of traffic jams, parking problems and mounting garbage mounds, hope for?There's no redemption in sight, given the way successive governments have scrupulously maintained the gap between budgetary promises and delivery.When Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike presented an inflated Rs 9,317-crore budget for 2011-12 , it expected the government to fulfil its budgetary commitment of Rs1,500 crore to the civic body.But it came in driblets. Initially, the government released Rs 300 crore. In December 2011 when the Palike was on the verge of becoming a non-performing asset, another Rs 250 crore came in. The BBMP doesn't even dream of getting the remaining Rs 950 crore this fiscal.Not that any budgetary allocation would have made a world of difference to Bangaloreans. Financial mismanagement is so rampant in civic agencies that performance of BBMP's actual receipts till date has been a woeful 33.16% of budgetary estimate. The BDA's financial receipts too are a measly 11.3% of the budgetary estimate. Bangalore had been promised Rs 22,000 crore over three years under a capital investment plan by then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and city in-charge minister R Ashoka. This promise was made in the backdrop of the Credit Ratings and Information Services of India Limited (CRISIL) demanding Rs 36,000 crore for the city's development. However, not a single paisa of the promised grant has been delivered. The result? Every project taken up for the city's development has turned into a pipedream.Be it the BDA's promised multistorey parking facilities or the BBMP's steel flyovers or signal-free corridors or solid waste management , everything has become a farce given the lack of funds. These were some of the most important projects proposed by CRISIL.Bangaloreans can only hope better sense will prevail and the city finally gets its due.Finances Defy Common SenseThe BBMP has failed miserably to realize its budgetary estimates. Whether it's revenue from advertisements or property tax, the civic body's performance has been abysmal.Documents of receipts maintained by its finance wing reveal that BBMP's actual revenue receipts till date have been 33.6% of estimates . As on March 19, 2012, BBMP's receipts stood at Rs 3,130 crore against the expected Rs 9,315 crore. The town planning wing, said to be a major revenue-earner , was expected to bring in Rs 1,116 crore for 2011-12 . But the actual receipts have been about Rs 186 crore.The town planning wing gives clearances for high-rises . Its performance defies common sense given the booming real estate activity, admitted finance officers of the civic body. While Rs 2,736 crore was estimated to be raised by way of property tax collection, the actual collections have been Rs 1,350 crore; a 49% achievement.Despite efforts of some corporators to bring changes in advertisement policies and hike the rent to be paid by advertising agencies, revenue receipts under this head has been a paltry Rs 21 crore against the estimated Rs 198 crore; a shocking 10% achievement.The hopeful can only draw comfort from the fact that BBMP's performance has hovered around 28% during 2009-10 and 2010-11 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335661", "title": "Haat, entertainment city near Nalsarovar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trip to Nalsarovar will not just be an only bird-watching event. Soon, there would be many more options available for tourists. A Tourism Haat on the lines of Delhi Haat and a Global Entertainment City have been planned at Vanalia village, about 12 km from Nalsarovar.The government, in reply to Viramgam MLA Kamabhai Rathod's question, said that in 2011-12, the state government had taken up the project in Vanalia village for construction of a Tourism Haat and a Global Entertainment City.Officials in the tourism department said the department had moved a proposal to acquire around 200 acres of land in the village for the project. Cost of the two projects has been estimated to be around Rs 150 crore. The projects initially would be taken up by the Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited and then would be executed on Public Private Partnership mode.Tourism department officials said: \"The Global Entertainment City will be created on the lines of Kingdom of Dream in Gurgoan.\"Apart from the international quality joyrides, the department also plans to have a cultural lane which will not only give an idea of the culture but will also serve the various delicacies of the different regions of Gujarat.Moreover, this city will also give an idea to the tourist of the tourism spots which they should visit. A miniature of all the tourism spots will be created in the city. For example, a small temple of Somnath, Dwarka and a Sasan Gir sanctuary similar to the original would be created there.The officials said that since the village was about 12 km from Nalsarovar, no environment clearance would be required. \"Once the land was acquired by the department, bids will be invited for the project,\" said a senior officer.The official said with the growing popularity of golf in the state, a golf course will also be set up there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335916", "title": "Mercury rises in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city sizzled at 39.6 degree Celsius on Monday recording the highest maximum temperature so far this summer. In fact, last year's maximum temperature recorded during March was 38.9 degrees. Hotter days await residents with Met forecast for Tuesday being a scorching 40 degree Celsius.Weathermen said that the temperature was climbing steadily over the last four days. From 38.3 degree Celsius on Sunday, it jumped to 39.6 degrees on Monday, three degrees above normal. The minimum recorded was 21 degrees.Not just the city. Temperature has shot in most parts of the state, too. On Monday, Kurnool and Anantapur recorded a maximum of 41.5 degrees Celsius that is about four degrees above normal. Ramagundem recorded 41 degrees. Met officials said that the rise in the maximum temperature shows that summer has begun. \"Dry north westerly winds are blowing over the state. The absence of clouds has added to the heat,\" said Sudhakar Rao, director, Met department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12337124", "title": "End users of illegal explosives a mystery", "text": "As the police seized over 10,000 kg explosives over the past six months in Rajasthan, the identity of suppliers and end receivers of these consignments still remains a mystery.Not a single supplier or any member of the mining mafia has been arrested recently despite police claiming that the explosives were meant for illegal mining in all the cases. Only carriers of explosives, who are generally ignorant villagers, are held and brought to book. Within a few weeks, they too are released on bail due to weak prosecution.This is despite the Rajasthan High Court's notice in September last year that asked the state government why ammonium nitrate should not be banned here as its illegal supply is rampant.The massive seizure of explosives in Alwar on Sunday is a perfect case study. Sources said the explosives were seized on Saturday, but the arrests were shown officially on Sunday. As the news spread , the name of one licensed supplier - Iliyas - who had provided the explosives to the three carriers emerged. However, by Monday, police denied to have even heard the name.A senior police officer at the police headquarters admitted, \"It is true that the main supplier and the end user remain unidentified in most cases.\" A study of some recent cases shows that the police hardly probe the matter further, due to alleged involvement of influential persons.In Alwar alone, over 7000 kg explosives have been seized during the past few months from Ramgarh, Pahari, MIA and Kishangarh Bas police station areas. In four such seizures, seven carriers were arrested. Cops claimed the explosives were to be used in mining, but neither the supplier nor the mining mafia was identified. The police officer said carriers rarely know the real supplier or the end receiver. \"They are just told to get the consignment from a particular place and deliver it to another place,\" he said. Several middlemen are involved in the supply chain. \"However, police try to probe both the ends in all the cases,\" the officer insisted.Taking a serious view of the easy availability of ammonium nitrate, which is increasingly being used in terror attacks, the Rajasthan High Court had asked the state government in September to explain why the chemical, which is commonly used for carrying out blasts in mining operations, should not banned in the state.Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma took cognizance of the issue while hearing the bail plea of an Alwar-based shopkeeper accused of keeping the explosive substance without a proper license.The court observed that the state government ought to adopt regulatory methods that would prevent the chemical from falling into the hands of potential bomb makers. The blasts in Jaipur, Mumbai and recently at the Delhi High Court were cited by Justice Sharma to highlight that terrorists were extensively using ammonium nitrate to kill innocent people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340025", "title": "Kashaala Udyaachi Baat", "text": "CreditsDirector: Pramod Joshi Cast: Anupam Kher, Sachin Khedekar, Mrinal Kulkarni, Atul Parchure, Anjan Shrivastava, Kishori Ambiye, Shruti Welankar, Barkha Bishit Sengupta, Vijay Patkar, Suresh Menon, Rajesh Upadhya, Kishor Paradhan, Raghvendra Kadkol, Swapnil Rajshekhar Banner: Sai Prasad Group Pvt Ltd Producer: Balasaheb Bhapkar, Shashank Bhapkar Dialogue-Screenplay: Pramod Joshi, Raj Kazi Cinematographer: Salil Sahastrabuddhe Music: Salil Kulkarni Background Score: Bapi Tutul Lyrics: Sandip Khare Editor: Shankh Rajadhyaksh Sound: Dyanesh Kelkar Production Designer: Siddharth and Bhakti Tatuskar Choreographer: Saroj Khan and Kartik Pal Project Executor: Balaji IyerSynopsisThe movie shows the journey of an IT professional (Sachin Khedekar) from his workaholic stage where he always craves for more, to a stage where he is satisfied and content and living the present.During this journey he comes across an interesting inspirational individual, Charismatic Blind man (Anupam Kher) who makes him understand the importance of living life wholeheartedly. Overall the film is a feel good cinema suiting all ages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339179", "title": "FM's heart is in right place", "text": "It is good news for a state which is witnessing an increase in heart ailments. K M Mani's decision to remove tax on stents and valves used in heart surgeries will reduce the operation cost.\"Most of the stents and valves are imported and have high costs. Tax exemption would be of great relief. But the government should ensure that pharmaceutical companies sell them at reduced price,\" said cardiologist Dr George Thayil.Overall, the finance minister has allocated Rs 470 crore to develop infrastructure and launch new facilities in the health sector. This is a huge hike when compared to last year's allocation of Rs 252 crore.The budget has given special impetus to the health of women and children and emergency services to accident victims. An ambitious plan to start medical colleges in Wayanad, Palakkad, Kollam and Haripad was also presented. But health experts say the budget failed to focus on primary health care which is in tatters. \"Trauma care and communicable disease prevention are key areas in our state, but the government should have presented more schemes for primary health care,\" said Dr V Ramankutty, chairman of the NGO, Health Action By People.An Ayurveda University, 50 new homeo dispensaries, Rs 15 crore for Malabar Cancer Centre in Thalassery, school health project and support for kidney patients in BPL families are some other proposals in the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335997", "title": "Humble Rapolu Congress's aam aadmi", "text": "HYDERABAD: From being a humble backroom manager in Gandhi Bhavan for over two decades, Rapolu Anand Bhaskar's entry into Rajya Sabha is now certain. What sets him apart from the other aspirants is the value of his assets. Valued at Rs 7 lakh, he fits the party's profile of being a real aam admi .Rapolu, a post-graduate in psychology, declared his assets while filing his nomination for Rajya Sabha on Monday. He quit journalism to join Congress in 1994. He has 600 sq yd of ancestral property at his native village in Warangal district's Chennur valued at Rs 5.5 lakh and an old house worth Rs 50,000. He has insurance bonds amounting to Rs 50,000 and holds Rs 30,000 in cash and Rs 2,000 in his wife's account.He has an old two-wheeler registered in his spouse's name. He, however, has no encumbrances or liabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12336299", "title": "Maoists blow up building on Bonda hills", "text": "Koraput: A blast triggered by Maoists ripped apart an under-construction godownA building of a panchayat in Malkangiri district in the wee hours ofA Monday. Though no injury or casualty was reported, the attack has completely damaged the godwon of Mudulipada panchayat,A under Khairput block.A The Maoist offensive comes a day after two policemen were killedA while defusing a landmine in Koraput district on Sunday morning.According to sources, a group of around 50 Maoists accompaniedA by local supporters swooped down on the building on Bonda hills, at a distance of about 70A km from Malkangiri town, and planted explosives toA destroy the building.\"A few labourers were sleeping in the building at the timeA of the attack. The rebels asked them to vacant the placeA prior to blowing it up with explosives. The Maoists did not harmA any villager,\" said a source at Mudulipada.Before leaving the crime spot, the MalkangiriA Zilla Committee of the Maoists, which claimed responsibility for theA offensive, pasted a poster at the panchayat office, listing some ofA their demands. \"Stop combing operation by the BSF in the area and fulfillA the demands to which the state government agreed during theA release of former Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna,\" the poster read.Police said that the building was near completion and hasA been badly damaged in the blast. \"Our men have left for the spotA and details are awaited. We are taking all necessary precautionaryA measures in reaching the crime spot as the rebels may have plantedA mines targeting security men,\" said a senior police officer ofA Malkangiri.Sources said the offensive proves the rebels`A presence at Bonda hills, home to the primitive tribal group of Bondas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334796", "title": "Forgetting debit card at ATM costs a man Rs 20k", "text": "INDORE: Forgetting his debit card at the ATM has cost Rs 20,000 a man, who realised it only after receiving message on his cell phone about the withdrawal of money by an unidentified accused for shopping using the card.Police said that Chetna Yadav, wife of Vinay Yadav, forgot debit card of her husband at an ATM outlet of a private bank in Treasure Island on Sunday evening. The family resides in Sadar Bazaar area.Later, Vinay realised about the loss of the card when he received a message on his mobile phone stating that Rs 20,000 was debited from his account at Central Mall of the city. Subsequently, he checked the ATM card, which was found missing.He rushed to the ATM kiosk for the debit card but in vain, said police adding that he approached Tukoganj police and lodged a complaint. Police registered the complaint under Section 420 of IPC.On the basis of the CCTV footage at the shopping mall, police are trying to identify the man, who allegedly used the card for shopping at the mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339848", "title": "Shazahn Padamsee goes gushy over Virat Kohli", "text": "When India battered Pakistan in a nail-biting thriller on Sunday, telly images showed B'town babe Shazahn Padamsee and Zarine Khan jumping with joy.Dimpled smileAs Virat Kohli steered India to an awesome win, it was heartening to see Shazahn standing and watching Virat with adulation in her eyes, flashing her cute little dimples with aplomb and clapping away to glory!TeamworkInterestingly, the girls were not at the match venue in Bangladesh on their own, or unchaperoned. They went there in a private jet along with the entire Housefull 2 team. \"Touchdown Bangladesh! Here with the Housefull 2 gang for the India Pak match. Must say the private jet ride with everyone was the craziest ever,\" she tweeted.Yoga callingBut, Shazahn is not merely about fun, frolic, games and dimpled looks! the svelte gal is on a holistic mission called fitness and has even shown an inclination to join yoga classes. \"Anyone knows a good group yoga classes in Bandra?\" she tweeted earlier. Well, lady, get ready to rock some more after your group yoga sessions!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335563", "title": "We will have 24x7 patrolling on 'mall mile', assure Gurgaon police", "text": "GURGAON: In the wake of rising crime graph against women, Gurgaon police plan to introduce a number of measures to improve law and order situation on one of the city's notorious stretches - MG road. To start with, police plan to keep 24X7 vigil on the \"mall mile\" with the assistance of mall owners. Moreover, an ACP-rank police officer will be deployed on night duty along with four PCR vans including an all-women team. Previously, there were only two PCR vans minus women cops.Increasing the presence of women cops on MG road, six women cops have been deployed on night duty at a police post in front of Sahara Mall. Besides that three women cops are posted at each of the five Metro stations between 8pm and 11pm for the assistance of late-night travellers. In order to weed out the notorious crowd visiting pubs, pub-owners have been directed to introduce identification system where every visitor will have to provide an identity proof. A meeting of all mall-owners and pub-owners have been called by the police on Wednesday in this regard where they will be asked to install CCTV cameras in front of their respective premises. Mall-owners, through their control rooms, will keep tabs on happening outside their premises, especially during night hours, said DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal, who will convene the meeting. He added that the police will also be able to see the happenings through a web-based system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339909", "title": "Simple home decor ideas for Gudi Padwa", "text": "Gudi Padwa and home decor are like peas in a pod - the design form lends itself to a work of art being underlined by simplicity, says Shilpa Pandya.Festivals are the apt time to make new beginnings or even do the same things differently. So while decorating your house goes very naturally, there are many other ways to really make a difference to not only where you live but how you live, says architect Reetu Bajaj.\"Gudi Padwa is the time to decorate your home, and give it a festive look to signify the new beginning. There are various options that can help you to enhance your home interior as also the exterior during this festival. For example, putting up diyas, candles, flower decoration, torans, string lights and rangoli change the look of the house. When it comes to Gudi Padwa, the ideas to decorate home interiors and exteriors are endless,\" she adds.People usually express festive sentiment in terms of a rangoli, and festive arrangements can be the perfect design aspect this festive season, says homemaker Manjula Rane.''Urban residents who live in apartments, most of us yearn for nature in some form or the other. Potted plants on window ledges, coffee tables, kitchen cabinets and just about anywhere that free space is available, provide an interesting option,'' she suggests. Educationist Neelam Malik points out that decorating the home has become an essential part of the festive sentiment. ''Without this, the interior decor would feel quite uninviting and appear to be missing something,\" she adds.If your bedroom lacks brightness and you do not have time to get it repainted before the festival, one can put a bright painting, throw in some bright coloured cushions, wrap a decorative curtain and there you are, the room will look different and brighter without much time spent, says Reetu Bajaj. \"One can even go on for wallpapers, the best and fastest way to enhance the bedroom,\" she adds.Bells can be creative by using conventional and unconventional bells and diyas to decorate one corner of the house. \"An assortment of bells and diyas of different sizes hung and placed at different heights will give the room an interesting effect,\" says Reetu. \"Use of windchimes gives soothing and positive vibes, which is essential not just for the festival, but for the whole year,\" she adds.Ideally, one should not cram too many design elements close together while creating the Gudi Padwa decor, suggests Neelam. \"Arrange the design elements so as to attain a sense of balance, as well as enhance the beauty of the arrangement on the whole. A splendid design element in isolation automatically becomes something of a focal point, while a stand-alone modest set-up looks rather sad and insignificant on its own. Grouping different design elements together can result in a rich display, and this will add to the festive decor in your home,\" she adds.\"If you can do a 'mix and match' the right way, it will result in a rich display, and this will add to the festive decor in your home,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12335564", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa's clout grows, so does BJP's dilemma", "text": "BANGALORE: Prospects of B S Yeddyurappa's return as Karnataka chief minister have brightened, with the BJP leadership appearing to concede it will be difficult to ignore the claim of the Lingayat strongman.Sources in the BJP conceded that the number of MLAs supporting Yeddyurappa's return as CM has swelled, putting the leadership in a bind, wary that his re-installation may be cited by rivals to mock the party's anti-corruption credentials.While the party wants to put off the decision on leadership change, Yeddyurappa's supporters, brandishing the HC order which quashed the proceedings initiated by the Lokayukta, are insistent that the 48-hour deadline on convening the legislature party meeting and thereby formally electing him as the leader must be complied with.Yeddyurappa has holed up in a resort on the outskirts of Bangalore along with nearly 70 MLAs, creating uncertainty over whether CM Sadananda Gowda gets to present the budget on Wednesday. In Delhi, MPs supporting his return met leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley to argue for an early decision.Although BJP chief Nitin Gadkari has asserted that \"no decision will be made under pressure\", and that the leadership will wants the CM to present the budget on Wednesday, sources in the party said it may not be possible to fend off pressure from Yeddyurappa supporters indefinitely.\"It is difficult to ignore the hard fact that his numbers are intact and that the HC order has knocked the bottom out of the Lokayukta's report because of which we asked him to go,\" said a senior BJP source. \"People should have patience and cooperate with the party which will take a decision soon. But the BJP will not take any decision under pressure,\" Gadkari said.But the support from the central leadership has reportedly not given a boost to Gowda, who is reported to have said that it is better to face elections than the pressure tactics of Yeddyurappa.Mining baron G Karunakara Reddy came to the resort late on Monday evening. \"I am confident that leaders will take an appropriate decision,\" he said. Sources also said that some ministers tendered their resignation copies to Yeddyurappa and told him to alter the dates as and when required. Undeterred by the resort politics, Gowda said he saw nothing wrong in Yeddyurappa loyalists staying in a resort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339515", "title": "Mani makes a VAT of necessity", "text": "Raising the tax (social security cess) on liquor alone by 4 per cent will net the government close to Rs 100 crore in revenues next fiscal. Beedi has understandably been spared, given its huge labour (and ideological) component. Mani compensated for this by slapping a painful 15% tax on tobacco products from the earlier 12.5%, and raising the price of pan masala to 22.5% from 20%.All these measures are expected to fatten the government's kitty by Rs 166 crore. \"It is natural to tax products injurious to health and is of an addictive nature. This adds to the funds for socially beneficial schemes,\" said Vivek C Govind, partner with chartered accountancy firm Varma &amp; Varma. Raising the prices of cigarettes and pan masala should fetch the government Rs 76 crore. VAT rates have been calculated to hit where it hurts. The raise has been by 1% to 5% and 13.5% in line with the Centre's recommendations for implementing GST (Goods and Service Tax). But the takeaways for householder are immense.The lower levies on essentials like food grains, pulses, chilly, edible oils and flour from 4% to 1% will help keep budgets in tighter control. These items have also been exempted from the 1% social security cess.The finance minister is expecting additional revenues of Rs 1,000 crore through rationalization of VAT alone. The exercise began with applying brakes on the dreams of car lovers -- around 80% of them in the state being buyers of small cars. Private motor vehicle tax rationalization (in real terms reduction of road taxes) is expected to net the government Rs 115 crore.Four categories of vehicles in terms of prices -- A segment (below Rs 5 lakh), A+ and B segments (Rs 5-10 lakh), B+ and C (Rs 10-15 lakh) and C and C+ (above Rs 15 lakh) -- received special attention from the finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335891", "title": "Solar-powered school fined for faulty electricity meter", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), which oversaw an outrageous mismanagement of resources leading to an unprecedented power crisis in the state, has imposed a fine of 10,000 for a faulty electricity meter on a non-profit school that runs mainly on solar energy.The board's slap-happy decision to take action against the Tiruvannamalai school flies in the face of rules that make TNEB responsible for the replacement of defective meters. To make matters worse, the board has pulled the plug on the school, leaving it without power.Arunachala Village School in Vediyappanur village, Tiruvannamalai, 200km from Chennai, was set up in 1999 with one classroom and 40 students, to provide education to poor children. It now has 203 students, from kindergarten to Class 5, who have access to computers.The school spent 8 lakh on 29 rooftop solar panels in September 2009 so it could be self-reliant and save electricity. \"Though there are eight hours of power cuts in the locality, we don't have any problem. We rarely use electricity from the grid,\" a senior official of the school said. \"Since our consumption of electricity is very low, we have been able to save 3,000 annually on power bills.\"Since the school does not charge fees, it asked for a subsidy from the Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency (TEDA). \"Christudas Gandhi, the former managing director of TEDA, promised on a waiver, but nothing has come of it so far,\" the official said.\"Last September, some TNEB officials came to our school and told us we would have to pay a fine of 10,000. They said our meter had been defective for two years and recorded very low consumption. We tried to explain that we mostly use solar energy and that, anyway, the board has to replace the meter, but they refused to listen to us,\" he said.The school officials refused to pay the fine, so the TNEB officials came around again. \"This time they asked us to pay an amount based on average consumption since the meter became faulty in April 2009. When we protested, saying we regularly paid for the power we used, they removed the fuse,\" the official said.When contacted, the TNEB Tiruvannamalai region superintendent engineer said he would look into the issue.The school, however, is not holding its breath. \"The government says it is promoting solar power in the state, but TNEB appears to be doing its best to discourage the use of this renewable energy source,\" the school official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335833", "title": "Law students block train at Central over Lankan issue", "text": "CHENNAI: A few students of the Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University blocked a Chennai-Mumbai Express at Chennai Central demanding the union government to support a US-sponsored resolution on Sri Lankan war crimes before the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC).A senior railway official said the train was delayed by half an hour due to the protest. Students sat in front of the train, on the tracks. A few climbed on the locomotive and shouted slogans urging the government to support the resolution brought forward by the US. They also shouted slogans against the Sri Lankan government for committing atrocities against Tamils during the war.Railway protection force (RPF) personnel, railway officials and railway police officers rushed to the spot and pacified the students. They dispersed after negotiations with officials which lasted for almost half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338956", "title": "I don't understand the fuss about being a glam mom: Aditi Govitrikar", "text": "Aditi Govitrikar, who is known for stunning good looks and neat figure feels that too much is being made about the way moms should look these days.\"What's a mom supposed to look like? Is there like a set pattern? I really don't understand the fuss being made about being a glam mom,\" says Aditi adding, \"I've always taken care of the way I look and did so even after I became a mother.So, why the fuss I wonder?\" Point taken. Still persist, ask the mother of two how she manages to look this way and she says, \"I think being fit and looking good just boils to awareness about what you eat. I am never on a diet. I just eat right and exercise in moderation. Being a doctor helps because I am aware of the nutrition content in my food and even when I do cheat once in a way, I know exactly what I should do to burn the calories.\" And any tips for other women who are looking to up their glam quotient? She says, \"I am happy about the way I look and I think every woman should be. The happiness shows on the countenance. Mix that with eating right and a light exercise regimen and I think the feel good factor will be enhanced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335207", "title": "MCD polls: NCP eyes rival rebels", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which has two councillors in the present MCD, is banking on former councillors and MLAs, and dissidents from other political parties to better its toll in the upcoming MCD elections.The NCP has given a ticket to ex-MLA Jitender Kumar, popularly known as Kalu Bhaiya in Jahangirpuri area, from Bhalswa. Jitender won the assembly elections in 1993 as an Independent. The party has decided to field Jitender's wife Shashi Bala, from Jahangirpuri.NCP is eyeing a bigger share in the new corporation. The party is giving tickets to former councillors and dissidents from political parties, including the Congress which is their alliance partner in UPA II. Former Delhi Mayor and ex Congress leader Satbir Singh's wife, Pushpa Singh, will be contesting from Mehrauli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335681", "title": "Headless body case: Chennai police head to Delhi", "text": "CHENNAI: A police team from Chennai has gone to Delhi to try and identity the headless body found in a coach of the GT Express that arrived at Chennai Central from Delhi on Saturday last. The same day, the Delhi police had found the headless body of a woman at the Indralok metro railway station. Police say there could be some links between the two deaths.A three-member government railway police team led by sub-inspector B Kanikai Raj is now in the national capital. \"They have taken some photographs and video footage of the body. As the physique bears characteristics normally seen in north Indians, we suspect the person belonged to Delhi or neighbouring states.We suspect there is some link between with the headless body of a woman recovered in Delhi and the body found here there is some similarity in the way the bodies were chopped,\" assistant commissioner of police (Central station) V Ponramu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336343", "title": "Budding engineers get lessons from experts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A three-day conference commemorating the first year of establishment of IEEE student branch at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology concluded on a high note. It was organised to motivate student scholars who are working in the area of engineering and systems. The conference theme was 'Inspiring engineering and systems for sustainable development'.Giving details of the conference, Rajesh Gupta, associate professor in the department of electrical engineering, MNNIT, said the convention was very successful with participation of technocrats from India and abroad.SN Singh from IIT Kanpur and S Jit from IT-BHU gave informative lectures to students. R Tripathi, head, ECED MNNIT delivered a talk on unanswered MAC layer and routing issues of vehicular ad hoc networks. Paulson Samuel, conference chair, praised the concerted efforts of the volunteers and said that this sort of endeavour will stand them in good stead.The conference witnessed the participation of student researchers and academicians from various national institutes like IITs, NITs, IT-BHU, ISM Dhanbad, State Engineering Colleges, National Universities and institutes from other countries.Prominent among those who spoke at the conference included Unit MD ALSTOM , Naini, Hirdesh Kulshreshtha, director MNNIT Prof P Chakrabarti, R Rahiya from CMM, Italy, Prof RK Singh, head, EED MNNIT, R Tripathi, head ECED MNNIT, Kalyanmay Deb, MED, IIT Kanpur, AR Harish, EED, IIT Kanpur and SN Singh from IIT Kanpur.SN Singh from IIT Kanpur and S Jit from IT-BHU gave informative lectures to students. R Tripathi, head, ECED MNNIT delivered a talk on unanswered MAC layer and routing issues of vehicular ad hoc networks. Paulson Samuel, conference chair, praised the efforts of volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336515", "title": "Environmentalist Swami Sanand shifted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "VARANASI: The scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal) was sent to the AIIMS, New Delhi by air ambulance after his condition deteriorated further on Monday. Swami, who has been on fast-unto-death for 'aviral-nirmal' (uniterrupted-clean) Ganga for the past 11 days and has not been taking water or medicine, had been shifted from SPG Hospital to the ICU of Sir Sunder Lal Hospital, Banaras Hindu University , on Sunday.According to BHU spokesperson, Swami Sanand had suffered a mild heart attack at SPG Hospital after which he was shifted to the ICU of SSL on Sunday afternoon. The seer was kept under medical observation by a team of doctors in the ICU. The doctors even suggested angioplasty or bypass surgery at PGI, Lucknow. But, taking Swami Sanand to Lucknow by road was a risky affair. Finally, a decision to refer Swami to AIIMS was taken and he was sent by air ambulance in the morning, he added.Swami Sanand had stopped taking intravenous drugs from Saturday evening as he had failed to get a desired reply from the Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336921", "title": "Far from the madding 'Kirikiri'", "text": "Drought may have struck 100 of 175 taluks of Karnataka, but that's the last thing on the minds of those at the resort. Animal husbandry minister and Gulbarga (Rural) MLA Revu Naik Belamagi on Monday said dissident BJP MLAs had come to take rest from their constituency and its problems. \"We have come to take rest and be at peace. There is no kirikiri (pestering) from our constituents who will question us why water or power is not there, roads are not laid or fodder not provided for cattle, when they have elected us for this purpose. There are no phone calls here. The food is good and there is ample place to take a walk.''The Dye Is CastePolitics took on casteist colours as members of the Akhila Karnataka Vokkaligara Rajakiya Vedike staged a protest against former CM BS Yeddyurappa's demand to remove CM DV Sadananda Gowda, in front of Town Hall in Bangalore on Monday. Condemning Yeddyurappa for his castebased gimmicks and preventing Gowda from presenting his maiden budget, around 100 members of the Vedike began a 6pm-6 am dharna. \"Yeddyurappa is an opportunist. He approached Sadananda Gowda during difficult times and asked him to be his replacement,\" said BN Muniyappa, president. \"We'll sing bhajans and chant shlokas and pray to god to bestow wisdom on Yeddyurappa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12336755", "title": "T-rex's 'killer smile' decoded", "text": "WASHINGTON: Palaeontologists claim to have revealed the secret behind the \"killer smile\" of Tyrannosaurus rex, huge meat-eating dinosaurs which roamed the Earth during the Cretaceous period some 65 million years ago.Until recently, researchers who studied the carnivore dinosaur's smile only noted the varying sizes of its fearsome flesh-ripping , bone-crushing teeth. Now, a team at the University of Alberta has discovered that beyond the obvious size difference in each tooth family in T-rex's gaping jaw, there is considerable variation in the serrated edges of the teeth.\"The varying edges, or keels, not only enabled T-rex's very strong teeth to cut through flesh and bone. The placement and angle of the teeth also directed food into its mouth,\" team leader Miriam Reichel said.The palaeontologists analysed the teeth of the entire tyrannosaurid family of meat-eating dinosaurs and found T-rex had the greatest variation in tooth morphology or structure. The dental specialization was a great benefit for a dinosaur whose preoccupation was ripping other dinosaurs apart. Their research showed that the T- rex's front teeth gripped and pulled, while the teeth along the side of the jaw punctured and tore flesh. The teeth at the back of the mouth did double duty - not only could they slice and dice chunks of prey, they forced food to the back of the throat.Reichel said that her findings add strength to the classification of tyrannosaurids as heterodont animals, which are animals with teeth adapted for different functions depending on their position in the mouth. One surprising aspect of T- rex teeth, common to all tyrannosaurid's , is that they weren't sharp and dagger-like .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340364", "title": "Nayantara joins Gopichand", "text": "Tollywood actor Gopichand is all set to make debut in a Tamil film opposite Nayantara.Tollywood star Gopichand will enter the Tamil film industry as hero soon. Director Bhoopathi Pandian has roped him in to play the lead role in a Tamil film that has not been titled yet. Sources say that Nayantara will play Gopi's heroine in this flick.While Gopichand is not new to the Tamil film industry as he was seen in a negative role in the Tamil version of Jayam, with Bhoopathy Pandian's project he will foray as a hero.This project was to have commenced soon after Gopichand's wedding but unfortunately the wedding was cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances. It is interesting to note that Nayan's wedding with Prabhu Deva was also cancelled and she is making her comeback with this flick.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12335110", "title": "Tutor rapes minor, makes MMS to blackmail her", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A software engineer, who runs a coaching institute in Ghaziabad, has been arrested for allegedly raping his student and blackmailing her into stealing cash and jewellery from her parents and relatives. The victim in her complaint has alleged that the accused made an MMS clip to blackmail her. However, the accused has refuted all allegations and said that their sexual relationship was with mutual consent and she had given him the jewellery for safekeeping.\"I am innocent and have been framed. I did not force the girl into a relationship nor did I ask her to steal anything. She used to come to my tuition classes 15 minutes earlier than other students as she wanted to get physical with me,\" said the accused.Ghaziabad SSP Raghubir Lal said the accused runs a tuition centre in Shalimar Garden area. \"The girl has complained that the rape and thefts started in September 2011 when she went to take tuitions from the accused,\" said Lal. The victim has alleged in her complaint that the accused got into a physical relationship with her after giving her sedatives. She also complained that he forced her to steal gold ornaments repeatedly and hand it over to him.The SSP said that the girl was scared and did not tell her parents what was going on. However, when she could not take it any more she broke down before her parents three days back and told them everthing in detail. The parents then reported the matter to the police. \"Recently, a marriage took place in the residence of the victim's uncle from where she stole jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakh. After the girl told her parents, they went to the house of the accused. After a heated argument, the family members of the accused gave them Rs 1.70 in cash and some jewellery,\" said Lal.\"A case has been registered against the tutor and his mother under sections 328 (causing hurt by poison, etc), 386 (extortion), 376 (rape) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC. The girl is a minor and even if the act was consensual, it amounts to rape. We have arrested the tutor. The victim has also been sent for medical examination,\" Lal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336035", "title": "Two officials in trouble over RTI case", "text": "NASHIK: Two officials are facing punitive action for not providing information under the right to information (RTI) Act to parents of kids studying at the New Era School.The Nashik bench of the state information commission has ordered the deputy director of education (Nashik) TN Supe and first appellate officer SR Pathak to provide information asked by parents through an RTI application in the New Era School case. The order said in case of failure to do so, they could be slapped with a fine of Rs 25,000 for violating the law.Parents have claimed that the school misled them into believing that it offered CBSE curriculum. School authorities confessed two years ago that they did not have any permission for the same. After the parents knocked on several doors, the charity commissioner submitted in writing last year that the school had misguided the parents and that it should continue with the state board curriculum.Vijay Mundaware, who filed the RTI application, wanted information about the details of a school fee hike and what action had been taken against the school. In the written order on Saturday, the information commission said that in response to Mundaware's written complaint on February 25, 2010 deputy director Supe should have provided him with the information and should have taken necessary action against the school. Supe's representative said during the hearing that first appellate officer Pathak should have provided the information.The state information commission said that by not providing the information, Supe and Pathak had violated section 7 (1) of the RTI Act, therefore they should present a clarification within 30 days as to why a fine of Rs 25,000 should not be slapped on them according to section 20 (1) of the Act. It also said that in response to the second appeal of the applicant, the officials should provide the information through post to the applicant within eight days. It added that Supe had violated RTI Act section 19 (1) by not conducting a hearing of the first appeal and asked the state director of education, secondary and higher secondary education, Pune, to take necessary action on the deputy director.It said the fine could also be slapped on the grounds that the concerned officials said the issue does not come under their jurisdiction. While Pathak said that it was Supe's duty to provide the information, the latter said that it came under the primary and secondary education department, which in turn said that it came under the NMC's education department. Administrative officer of the education department, Nitin Upasani wrote that it came under the deputy director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12336724", "title": "Congress, BJP confident of winning the seat", "text": "UDUPI: A day after polling, both Congress and BJP have started number crunching. While BJP expects to win the seat by a lead of at least 40,000, Congress is looking at doubling the number as the margin of victory.Congress candidate Jayaprakash Hegde was confident that the overall lead in the two districts would be over 30,000 each, taking the combined lead to 70,000. \"Though my own party people say we have a lead of 50,000 in the four assembly segments of Chikmagalur district, I expect it to be a modest 30,000. This is because minorities have consolidated and voted for us. Also Lingayats in Tarikere and Chikmagalur due to Yeddyurappa factor have voted for the Congress,\" he said.\"The minority vote consolidation can also be attributed to the fact that there was a realization among the voters that JD(S) will not win. As an after effect, the JD(S) Vokkaliga votes too have shifted to us,\" he added. In Udupi district, Hegde said the major supporters of BJP - Konkanis and Brahmins - had voted for the Congress as they were disappointed by the scams-scarred BJP government and the Porngate incident. \"The BJP supporters, who did not want to vote for Congress, did not come out for polling,\" he added.When TOI asked about his defeat in 2009, he said, \"In 2009, it was a direct fight between the parties. This time, Brahmins in Sringeri have told me that they have voted for me. This is the result of the rapport I had with the electorate even though I lost in the last poll,\" Hegde said.Meanwhile, BJP candidate Sunill Kumar was also confident. \"We don't have any doubts about the win. The margin should be about 40,000,\" he said. In 2009, D V Sadananda Gowda had won with a margin of 27,000.\"This time the polling percentage is good and also there is a conducive atmosphere for BJP,\" he said. He admitted that the low polling percentage in Tarikere may be attributed to the Yeddyurappa factor. On the role of JD(S), Kumar said, \"We don't expect any gains because of JD(S). In the two days leading to the voting, they had become ineffective and were seen with the Congress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12337225", "title": "Luchiana doctor gets fellowship", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dr Narotam Dewan, consultant surgeon, Dewan Hospital and Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery Centre, Civil Lines, has brought laurels to the city. He was awarded honorary fellowship of International College of Laparascopic Surgeons at All India Institute of Medical Sciences on March 16.Neeta Dewan, director of Dewan Hospital and Advanced Laparoscopic Surgery Centre, said, \"The fellowship was awarded to Dr Narotam Dewan during international minimum access surgery conference, CME-cum live workshop-ENDOSURG 2012 held during the sixth AIIMS surgical week at Jawahar Lal Nehru Auditorium in New Delhi.\"She added, \"The fellowship was awarded on the basis of Dr Dewana's experience, research, publications and the high quality of laparascopic surgery being carried out by him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336452", "title": "Banaras Hindu University vice chancellor becomes member Indian Institute of Advance Study", "text": "VARANASI: The Ministry of Human Resource Development, Department of Higher Education , Government of India, has nominated Lalji Singh, vice chancellor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) as a member of the Governing Body of Indian Institute of Advance Study (IIAS), Shimla.According to BHU spokesperson, the Indian Institute of Advance Study is an autonomous institute established by MHRD which has a unique place in both national and global academic imagination as an institution of advance study.The governing body of institute has provision to nominate two vice chancellors by the Central government.Another member is Prof David Symlieh, vice chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi University Itanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335688", "title": "Ahmedabad, Rajkot and Porbandar in Gandhi tourism circuit, House told", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government made a formal announcement on Monday on the Gandhi tourism circuit of Gujarat. The circuit will cover Ahmedabad, Rajkot and Porbandar.In reply to Mundra MLA Ramesh Maheshwari's question, the government has said that a 'Gandhi Circuit' has been prepared for the tourist and the proposal for the same has been sent to central government for final approval.The circuit would begin from the birth place of the Mahatma Gandhi and will cover Rajkot's Mahatma Gandhi School in Rajkot and end at Gandhi Ashram in Ahmedabad.The government in reply to another question of Viramgam MLA Kamabhai Rathod has said that renovation work has been taken up in the area near Sidi Syed Mosque in Lal Darwaja. The government has also said that for the tourists the restaurant under the government is under renovation. The government has said that in order to declare the area near Gandhi Ashram as a silent zone, a six-lane bridge over Chandrabhaga Nala has been planned. The area around Gandhi Ashram would have a resurfaced internal road with an underground museum. Moreover the new institutional building with classrooms, lecture halls, auditorium and the office of the ashram has also been planned. The area near the ashram will have proper landscaping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336757", "title": "Shun mobiles for an evening a week, be happy", "text": "A New Study Has Found That 'Time Off' Exercise Can Even Help Improve A Person's Performance At WorkLONDON: No doubt , mobile phones are a necessity in today's world.But, a new study has found that shunning the device for just an evening every week can improve a person's overall happiness and even performance at work.For their study, researchers at Harvard Business School recruited 1,400 employees of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and banned them from using their smart phones to monitor their work after 6 PM just once a week.Called \"PTO\" - predictable time off - the experiment was carried out over three years by the researchers led by prof Leslie Perlow.Initially, managers at BCG were wary of the experiment and warned it would be halted immediately if \"there was the slightest concern about the quality of BCG's work\" .Some \"workaholic\" consultants resisted PTO, while others partially embraced it, the 'Daily Mail' reported.But those who had regular \"downtime\" said they found they had greater job satisfaction and were more likely to stay for a long-term career at the firm.They also said they found their work-life balance improved , and they became more productive.Over the three years, 59% of those who had embraced PTO agreed with the statement , \"I am excited to start work in the morning\" compared with 27% of those who dismissed PTO.Asked if they \"feel satisfied\" with their jobs, 78% of those who had just one evening off a week said yes, compared with 67% of those who partly accepted it, and 49% of those who rejected it.The study found that those who turned their phones off spent more time with their families and started making future plans for their social lives instead of endlessly cancelling them or not even bothering.Professor Perlow said: \"We defined as 'on' the time people spent working plus all the additional time they were available, monitoring their work in case something came up. What caught our attention was that the more people were 'on' , the more unpredictable their work seemed to become.\"By being constantly connected to work, they seemed to be reinforcing - and worse, amplifying - the very pressures that caused them to need to be available.\"She said that by making one night a week sacrosanct, it helped to break the cycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336038", "title": "LB Nagar fish market fails to take off even after 4 years", "text": "HYDERABAD: Touted to be the biggest wholesale fish market of the city and a one-stop shop for all sea food lovers, a complex built at L B Nagar by the fisheries department has failed to take off even after four years of its inauguration.Blame it on politics or improper planning by the authorities, the complex which houses 75 shuttered outlets was built at a cost of Rs. 1.2 crore aimed at easing the congestion at scattered fish markets in different parts of the city and bring all of them under one roof.The building belongs to the agricultural marketing department and has ample parking space and also a provision for a mini ice factory. But there is no sign of any progress as the premises has been lying vacant since June 2008 and the fisheries department was recently ordered by the government to hand it back to the agricultural marketing department to set up a flower and vegetable market there.K Praveen Kumar , commissioner of fisheries said, \"After the complex was built the fish vendors of different markets were not willing to relocate as they must have thought it is too far from the city.\"He adds \"We had received an order from the chief minister to hand it back to the marketing department. We will be doing that soon but we will also be negotiating to get back our investment in the project.\"Others who were closely associated with the project feel that local politics ruined this ambitious project. Mettu Prasad, ex-chairman, AP State Fishermen Cooperative Societies Federation Limited said, \"Initially the fish vendors agreed to the project and the Begum Bazaar and Musheerabad vendors were allotted 30 outlets each. But local politicians made this an issue and saw to it that the fish vendors did not shift fearing that the move would dent their vote bank.\"He said that a few fish vendors wanted to move to the complex but they were discouraged and forced to change their decision by those with vested interest in the community.Surprisingly, there are also those who are yet to receive their money back after paying the rent after obtaining licenses. \"I was granted a license and had paid three months advance of Rs 4,500. But I was not handed over the outlet nor was my money refunded,\" a city based fish vendor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12336594", "title": "Jharkhand speaker asks govt not to shield errant officials", "text": "RANCHI: Taking exception to government inaction against an officer of the mine and geology department, assembly speaker C P Singh advised the minister in-charge not to protect errant officials.Putting the question for a detailed reply by the government, Singh said efforts to shied a tainted official send a wrong message to the public. The matter was raised by Ichagarh MLA Arwind Singh who said Jharkhand Administrative Service officer Rajesh Kumar during his posting as the district transport officer in Hazaribagh was suspended from December 7, 2007 to November 16, 2008 with restriction on salary. \"Despite the punishment, he withdrew full salary from the treasury worth Rs 2.75 lakh which should be considered as temporary funds embezzlement and must be prosecuted by departmental proceedings,\" Singh said.HRD minister Baijnath Ram, who is replying questions for the personnel and administrative reforms department, said the government had started realizing the additional withdrawal in installments. \"Till date, the department of mine and geology where Kumar is posted as additional secretary has realized Rs 30,000,\" he said.Expressing dissatisfaction about the answer, the MLA sought to know as to why the government had not considered his act as violation of executive code and funds embezzlement. He also raised demand for his immediate suspension and fresh departmental action. Agreeing to the demand, the speaker asked the government to come up with detailed answer and action taken in the matter on a next suitable date.The speaker also expressed discontent over the ministers and officials not giving replies to questions raised by MLAs on time and in prescribed format. In a passing comment, he said the government never hesitated taking action against clerks or lower rung employees whereas every effort was made to avoid action against the erring officers.Speaker Singh also turned down three adjournment motions moved by Pradeep Yadav and Dhulu Mahato of the JVM (P) and Krishnanad Tripathy of the Congress. Yadav and Tripathy were allowed to read out their adjournment motions whereas Mahato was absent during the zero hour. Yadav demanded a debate over grants not being given to madarsas despite assurance given by government whereas Tripathy wanted discussions on the plight of labourers of Sukrasua mines of Palamau who were staging dharna in front of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12335844", "title": "Visakhapatnam airport may have to wait for international tag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The people of the Port City are eagerly awaiting the inaugural international flight to take off from Vizag airport but their hopes are likely to be dashed what with the Central government refusing to grant international status to the airport on the contention that the mere operation of an Air India flight is not sufficient qualification for receiving the tag.And, it would seem, with good reason since the airport has conveniently ignored fire safety norms amidst all the hype surrounding the inaugural international flight on March 25.The Vizag airport does not have an air crash tender, the specialized fire-tender which is a must at all airports. It has only the common fire tenders and two foam tenders belonging to Indian Navy which has overall control of the airport.Experts said the foam tenders would be found wanting in case of a major fire aboard a flight or on the tarmac. The air crash tender costs Rs 50 lakh and needs 16 persons to handle it.\"It can easily douse any fire on a plane and is extremely useful in forcing the doors of a flight in case they are blocked,\" district fire department officer K Narasimha told TOI. Sources said that Begumpet airport's air crash tender could be sent to Vizag, but there was no word on the manpower needed to operate it.Central government authorities said that the question of international airport status would arise only after international airlines and other private operators start operating at the airport.\"There are several guidelines for granting the tag. So, Vizag has a long way to go before it can claim to be an international airport,\" a senior official said. Coimbatore, Gaya, Lucknow, Patna , Trichy, Varanasi, Mangalore and Pune are the ones which have been categorized as customs international airports.Presently, 18 flights are operated from Vizag airport. With the inauguration of the flight to Dubai and the launch of the Indigo flight to Delhi, the number of flights would reach 40. \"The number of passengers monthly using the airport would cross the one lakh mark shortly,\" airport director K Srinivasa Rao told TOI.About 30 police personnel, including an ACP rank officer and three circle inspectors, are undergoing training at Shamshabad airport where they are being instructed about checking of passports, visas and other documents.Sources said that the airport has already received equipment like passport readers and ultraviolet lamps recently from Delhi.Six immigration counters have been set up at the airport terminal. The Dubai flight would land at 8.05am and leave the city at 6.40pm. It would reach Dubai via Hyderabad at 10.30pm local time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335065", "title": "Tribal woman awarded for protesting bad sanitation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Monday rewarded a woman who refused to live at her in-laws house because there was no toilet.The decision to reward the tribal woman, Anita Bai Narre, with Sulabh Sanitation Award, comprising a cheque of Rs 5 lakh, is aimed at encouraging sanitation and hygiene, which would boost the low-cost toilet movement.Newly-wed Anita Bai of Betul district of Madhya Pradesh hit the headlines when she revolted against non-availability of toilet and returned to her father's place. She went back to her in-laws only when her husband managed to construct a toilet within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12340303", "title": "Mukul Roy introduced to Parliament by Prime Minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday introduced new railway minister Mukul Roy to both the Houses of Parliament.In the Lok Sabha, Singh said Roy has been promoted to the Union cabinet as the minister for railways. Roy was sworn in as cabinet minister this morning.The Prime Minister also introduced Roy to the Rajya Sabha.Roy, a member of the Rajya Sabha, was till now the minister of state for shipping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata/haldia", "code": "12335576", "title": "Lakshman Seth arrest: Firm under scanner", "text": "Kolkata/Haldia: Absconding CPM leader Lakshman Seth's arrest from a Ramky Infrastructure Limited guest house in Mumbai has brought the firm under CID scanner. The state investigating agency is now probing the West Bengal operations of the Hyderabad-based firm.A senior Ramky official said, \"Our firm is now working in 480 sites across the country and have 45 guest houses for its employees. The matter has come to our notice and we are trying to find out how this happened.\" The official, however, admitted that the company had business interests in Bengal and particularly in Haldia, but the projects are now in a limbo.CID, however, isn't convinced. \"Ramky's operations in Bengal were being supervised by a former IAS officer based in the state. The officer was later employed by Ramky,\" a senior officer said, requesting anonymity.It was this former bureaucrat who had finalized a deal with the Haldia Development Authority (HAD) which had planned to provide 2,500 acres in Mahisadal to Ramky for its multiproduct SEZ. Back in 2007-08, HDA had also given a written assurance to the company to provide this land. Incidentally, Seth's wife Tamalika was Mahisadal's MLA at that time and Seth himself was the HAD chairman.Ramky, however, had started its operations in Bengal with two biomedical waste management plants in Haldia and Durgapur. \"The IAS officer was then posted in the state environment department, entrusted to give clearances for these projects,\" a CID officer said. However, the sleuths refused to comment on whether they will now slap Ramky with the charge of harboring criminals. \"A decision on this has to have clearance from the top,\" an officer said.Tamalika, on the other hand, has accused the CID of not producing the three accused before the court after taking their transit remand on March 22. \"I understand that transit remand is given for bringing those arrested from one state to another. It is not for interrogating anyone in custody. Since CID had brought them to Kolkata on Sunday night, we hoped they would be produced in court on Monday. But that didn't happen. This isn't only unethical but illegal. If they are not produced in the Haldia court by tomorrow, we will move Calcutta high court,\" she said.A three-member team of lawyers went to meet the arrested CPM leaders in custody. The lawyers, Tamalika said, spoke to them and were shown the case papers. Along with the attempt to zero in Seth's role in the November 10, 2007 Nandigram recapture bid, CID is also trying to find out who had supported the absconding trio while they were on the run from law. CID hopes it may also hold the clue on other absconders.On the charges slapped by CID on Seth, Tamalika said: \"It is wrong to say that they had been on the run. They did what hundred other CPM leaders and workers are doing to save themselves from the political vendetta unleashed by the government. It is common knowledge that these allegations (mentioned in the CID chargesheet) are false. They've doctored police escort vehicle records to prove he was in Nandigram, which he wasn't.\"CID officers said: \"The matter is sub judice. It is now for the court to decide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12337044", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority in grip of fiscal nightmare", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Development Authority was in the pink of its health during 1999-2004 . But it has been a downhill since then. The last two years especially have been a financial nightmare of the BDA.In 2010-11 , the BDA's financial achievement was 11.33% as there was a major shortfall in its revenue receipts. The agency's major revenue receipts were estimated at Rs 3,650.08 crore, while the realization stood at Rs 413.65 crore.By BDA's own admission, the significant reason for the shortfall in revenue is the non-formation of planned layouts. \"An amount of Rs 736.98 crore was estimated to be raised by allotment of sites in Nadaprabhu Kempe Gowda Layout and Rs 664 crore from Dr Shivaram Karanth Layout, totalling Rs 1401.14. Since the layouts were not formed, the revenue estimates were not achieved,\" the agency has said in its websiteThe BDA fared poorly even in the auction of sites and leasing of civic amenity sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335093", "title": "Man held for selling arms", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 29-year-old man was arrested for allegedly selling illegal weapons to criminals in Delhi and Haryana. Crime branch officials said the accused had procured sophisticated guns from a contact and sold these at higher rates. Some of the guns reportedly had markings of the Ordnance Factories Board.Jaswant, who is also allegedly involved in land grabbing cases, was nabbed from Dwarka on Wednesday on a tip-off that a man involved in gun running was coming to the area, deputy commissioner of police (crime) Ashok Chand has said. Six pistols of 9mm and 7.65mm bore with 33 cartridges and a car have been seized, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12335973", "title": "Woman, child die in immolation bid", "text": "MADURAI: Angered with her family over a dispute, a woman immolated herself while her three-year-old child who tried to hug its mother in panic died due to severe burn injuries. The incident occurred on Sunday evening.The victim, Sathya (22) was married to Kannan, who was employed at a stainless steel unit from Arumbanur in the rural outskirts, for the last six years and the couple had a three-year-old boy, Kumar. Police said that Kannan was a habitual drinker and there used to be quarrels between the couple over his habit.On Sunday afternoon, Kannan returned home in an inebriated condition and picked up a quarrel with Sathya asking her as to why she had not cooked meat for lunch. After quarrelling with her, Kannan bought meat from a nearby shop and demanded Sathya to cook for him before he left for his work.Depressed by this, Sathya decided to take the extreme step of ending her life. By evening, she doused kerosene on her body and set herself ablaze. Her son, who was playing in the house panicked when he saw his mother burning and screaming for help. Without realising the danger, the boy rushed to his mother and hugged her tight.The neighbours who heard the screams of the woman rushed to her aid but she died on the spot due to the severe burn injuries. The child, who was battling for its life was rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital where he succumbed to injuries later.The death of the mother and child brought about a gloom in the locality and neighbours expressed that Sathya should have not resorted to the extreme step of killing herself as well as the innocent child who became a victim due to her action.Police sources said that the couple used to have quarrels over the man's drinking habit and there were no other issues of dispute in the family. Othakadai police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12336742", "title": "Like us, spurned flies too drown grief in booze", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have discovered that sex-deprived fruit flies apparently take refuge in booze to drown their sorrows of rejection just like some humans do, a finding which they say could help understand the problem of alcoholism better and develop new treatments for it. The alcoholic tendencies of the chronically spurned flies seem to be a result of decreased levels of a brain chemical called neuropeptide F (NPF), which the researchers said plays a role in the fly's reward system.When the fly does something that would be good for it, such as mating or eating, an internal mechanism increases NPF levels . But NPF also can be turned up by outside factors like consuming alcohol which the insects find in rotting fruits.\"What we discovered was an interplay between internal rewards and external rewards,\" study author Galit Shohat-Ophir of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Janelia Farm Research Campus in Virginia was quoted as saying by LiveScience.\"There's some kind of system in the brain, which we think NPF is regulating, that represents the level of internal reward . If there is perturbation in the level of NPF in the brain, there are behaviours that will return the levels back to normal,\" Shohat-Ophir said.Humans have a similar neuropeptide , called neuropeptide Y, in their brains.Researchers have also found a link between NPY and rewardrelated behaviours like eating or overeating. NPY is known to inhibit alcohol intake, and mutations in NPY have been seen in groups of alcoholics in correlational studies.The findings would help better understand alcoholism and possibly design treatments for it, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "12336561", "title": "Rajasthan State Industrial Development &amp; Investment Corporation Limited officials, cops hurt in stone pelting", "text": "BIKANER: Senior officials of Rajasthan State Industrial Development &amp; Investment Corporation Limited (RIICO) and a few policemen on Monday were injured after residents of Khwaja Colony pelted stones at them.The officials including regional manager of RIICO, M L Panwar along with police officials had gone to the Khwaja Colony to remove encroachment. The officials said the colony has been illegally occupied by the natives and the land belongs to RIICO.Panwar told TOI that several notices to vacate the place had been sent to the residents here but they did not respond. Hence a joint move to get the land vacated was launched with the help of police. \"After reaching the colony, as the bulldozers hit a wall, the residents of the colony started throwing stones on the team. Initially the police tried to control the situation through mild force, but the situation got out of control since the policemen were much less in number as compared to the residents. The police was compelled to go back,\" he added.RIICO officials and others were forced to take shelter at different places. Panwar said he was injured and got four stitches. Several other policemen were also injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335357", "title": "Police suspect Delhi, Chennai murders linked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after two headless bodies were found in Delhi and Chennai, cops are exploring the possibility of there being a link between the two murders. Investigators suspect that \"similar weapons could have been used to commit the murders\". Police in Delhi and Chennai arrived at this conclusion after examining the photographs of the bodies. If the postmortem reports also confirm this, then there is a strong possibility that both the murders are linked, said sources.In the case of the headless body of woman, which was found near the Inderlok Metro station, pieces of a torn photograph have provided some leads. The photo shows a woman standing with five-six men on the banks of a river, which cops suspect could be the Ganga in Haridwar. A police team has been sent to Haridwar.The body has \"PJ\" tattooed on the wrist and \"OM SR\" on the right hand. Cops said it seemed the woman was in her early twenties. On Monday, two more families approached Delhi Police with photographs of their missing daughters, but nothing could be confirmed.In the case of the headless body of the man, which was sent to Chennai via Grand Trunk Express on Saturday, Chennai sources also agreed that similar weapons could have been used in the murders.A Chennai Police team is also in the capital to investigate the case. \"The man seems to be a north Indian and we suspect he may be from Delhi or the neighbouring states. We suspect there may be a connection between the two murders because of the similar way in which the bodies were mutilated,\" assistant commissioner of police (central railway station) V Ponramu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335227", "title": "MCD polls: Model code in force, but BJP continues to clear projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the model code of conduct being in force, the BJP-led MCD still seems to be in a hurry to clear developmental projects. Several projects that include the construction of roads, school buildings and drains were cleared during a MCD standing committee meeting on Monday.Standing committee members say that for some of these projects, anticipatory approval was taken before March 5, the day the model code of conduct was announced.\"The proposals that were listed in the meeting agenda weren't new as they were already cleared in earlier ward committee meetings but could not be tabled due to a delay in the completion of formalities,\" said VP Pandey, a member of the standing committee.\"Anticipatory approval was already taken for some of the other proposals. However, if any of the proposals that have been passed violate the model code of conduct, then no work orders will be issued,\" Pandey added.But the Congress calls this a politically motivated move. \"Clearing development projects is in clear violation of the model code of conduct. What is the point of holding meetings when the model code of conduct is in place?\" asked JK Sharma, leader of the Opposition.BJP councillors argue that the civic agency can conduct standing committee meetings and even House meetings even with the model conduct code of conduct in place.\"No private member resolutions were cleared in the meeting. If this is a violation of the model code of conduct, then the MCD Commissioner will not give work orders,\" said Sarita Chaudhary, deputy chairman of the MCD standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336419", "title": "Damages to sewage pipelines worsen civic situation in city", "text": "VARANASI: Now, more than the delay in repair and construction of dug up roads in various parts of the city, it is the damage to sewage pipeline which is causing civic and sanitary woes in the city. The gravity of the situation can be also gauged from the fact that not only a number of residential areas are witnessing waterlogging, the conditions are also indicating apathy of Jal Kal office as the number of complaints of choked sewer and damaged pipeline have kept soaring for the past two months.When TOI tried to take stock of the situation on Monday, glaring revelation of negligence and delay in addressing the complaints came to light. Not only a number of areas in Maldahia, Lahurabir, Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj) and Sigra in the heart of the city witnessed sewer problem, the matter was made worse with waterlogging causing accumulation of stinking water at some places. The areas located at lower level, including Gauriganj, Kolhua-Vinayaka, Badi Gaibi and others, were even more victimised with overflowing filth coming out of choked and damaged pipelines and accumulating in the area.\"I have lodged a number of complaints with Jal Kal office that looks after cleaning of sewer. The covering on the pit that was changed from iron pit to a cemented one last year crashed under the load of vehicles. Now it has been converted into a dangerous pit and is also getting choked. Even worse is the fact that while the pit (manhole) on the main road is opened for cleanliness work, no one bothers to clean the manholes in gullies that become the congestion point,\" said VP Jaiswal, an octogenarian resident of C-21/3B in Maldahia.He has lodged over a dozen complaints at the Jal Kal office in the past one year.As per reports of Jal Kal office, over 1,200 complaints of choked and damaged sewage lines have been received in the past two months (January and February). As many as 823 complaints have been received in the month of February. \"Efforts have been made to tackle the complaints of choked sewer. However, there are a number of complaints of fault in private sewage pipelines in which case the Jal Kal office is not concerned. We are carrying out the cleanliness of choked sewer after a physical verification and it is taking some time,\" said PN Yadav, general manager, Jal Kal.It may be mentioned here that after incessant rainfall in the month of September, the city witnessed heavy waterlogging that also choked the sewer. Later, the digging of roads for laying the water supply and drainage pipelines in different parts of the city further damaged the old sewer, enough to deteriorate the civic and sanitary conditions. Wear and tear due to overburden of ever-increasing population in the city also worsened matters.As per reports of Jal Kal office, the total length of sewer in the city is 857.14 km, out of which the length of branch sewer is 845.26 km, trunk sewer of 4.83 km and main sewer of 7.05 km. The trans-Varuna areas in the city lack sewer line and they are witnessing laying of 142 km sewer under the trans-Varuna project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12337515", "title": "Meghalaya MLA beats up lensman over nap snap", "text": "IMPHAL: Shillong: A legislator of the ruling Congress took out his ire on a senior photojournalist for taking a photograph of him taking a nap during assembly hours, by severely assaulting the lensman on the Meghalaya legislative assembly premises on Monday.Mawlai MLA Founder Strong Cajee, whose 'sleeping picture' was published in local newspapers and has also found its way to social networking sites, beat up Walton Lytan, who works for a photo agency, in the corridors of the temporary building of the assembly at Rilbong here.Lytan is undergoing emergency treatment at the Shillong Civil Hospital, with physicians saying that his condition was 'serious' as he sustained grievous internal injuries.Meanwhile, the Shillong Press Club, in an emergency meeting, condemned the incident and called upon the government to initiate appropriate action against the lawmaker responsible for assaulting the journalist.In an FIR lodged with the superintendent of police, East Khasi Hills District, president of the Press Club, David Laitphlang, narrated the incident and called for action against the legislator as per law of the land.Letters were also dashed off by the Press Club to assembly speaker Charles Pyngrope, chief minister Mukul Sangma and leader of the opposition Conrad Sangma, apprising them of the incident and demanding justice.\"It is a most unfortunate incident, which was not only an assault on an individual scribe but on the press fraternity as a whole, more so because it involved a lawmaker and took place within the hallowed halls of the Meghalaya legislative assembly, which has always been known for its decorum and decency,\" Laitphlang said.The unprecedented assault has been condemned by the journalist fraternity across the board including the Guwahati and Mumbai Press Clubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336698", "title": "HC appoints NGO to inspect condition of morgues", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court, on Monday, appointed city-based NGO - Sahyog Trust - to inspect morgues at government hospitals in Nagpur and Yavatmal districts after rats were found nibbling and disfiguring bodies in Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital.A division bench comprising - justices S A Bobde and Prasanna Varale, while hearing a PIL filed by Sahyog Trust, through its trustee Ravindra Bhusari, on Monday expressed serious concern over the issue.Last year, Bhusari had filed a writ petition following media reports bringing to fore incidents where rodents were eating the bodies but the authorities concerned failed to initiate any action against those responsible.The trust had contended that the bodies brought in the IGGMC for post mortem were being kept, generally, in the cold storage boxes for preservation. However, the problems were reported only in the new boxes, purchased about a year back. As they were not being maintained properly and with their handles broken rats managed to enter the boxes.The petitioner had pointed out that the cold storage rooms and related machinery were not being maintained and in some cases more than one bodies were being stuffed inside a single box.The petitioner also pointed out that the issue is not only about the disfiguration of bodies or the irresponsible management, but can have an adverse effect on criminal cases. There is a high possibility that an accused might get away taking advantage of disfigured body.Smita Sarode Singalkar, counsel of the trust, sought two weeks time to carry out the inspections of morgues in government hospitals.The thrust of the inspection will be on hygiene and sanitation in morgues of three government hospitals- Nagpur's IGGMCH and GMCH and Yavatmal's government hospital.Of the nine prayers in its PIL, the NGO has urged the HC to give directions to the state government and IGGMCH to ensure hygienic conditions in morgues at the hospitals to protect and preserve the bodies from decomposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335594", "title": "Cars collide head-on, injure two bikers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two youths riding a bike got injured in a road mishap near Parimal underpass late on Sunday night as two cars collided head-on and one of the cars rammed into three bikes coming from the opposite direction. Ellisbridge police have started search for the absconding car driver.According to Ellisbridge police offcials, Joyna Tekriwala, a resident of Shyamal crossroads, was passing from near Ambuja Cement corporate office on Sunday night with family in a Honda City car when a Honda City car came from the wrong side and before he could swerve the car to avoid collision, rammed head-on and then took a sharp turn. Three bikes going in the same direction were hit by the car that went out of control. The two youths in the car soon fled from the spot before the passers-by approached it.\"Two youths riding the same bike got severely hit in the incident and were rushed to the VS Hospital. The duo was identified as Hemant Chauhan and Dhaval Jadav. We have sent the registration number of newly-bought car to the RTO to get more details on the car driver,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338906", "title": "Talwar\u2013Eros lock horns over Mausam dues", "text": "The film's co-producer alleges around Rs 4.95 crore is due from the distributors, who deny itMirror is witness to an ongoing battle between Sheetal Vinod Talwar, Director - Mausam Films Limited (MFL) and co-producer of Mausam and Eros International Films Pvt Ltd, the bone of contention being huge sums of money that either side alleges the other is trying to misappropriate.We've learnt that Talwar and his legal team have registered a criminal complaint (a copy of which is available with us) under Sections 420 and 406 of the IPC against seven officers of Eros International Films Pvt Ltd, including Dr Shankar Nath Acharya, Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director; Sh. Dhirendra Swarup, Non-Executive Director; Kishore Lulla, Director; Sunil Lulla, Vice Chairman; Jyoti Deshpande, Group CEO; Ram Mirchandani, Chief Creative Officer and Kamal Jain, Chief Financial Officer. MFL has alleged that approximately Rs 4.95 crore is due and payable to them by Eros International, in accordance with the Film Co-Production Agreement dated May 27, 2010.When contacted, the official spokesperson of Eros International Films Pvt Ltd had a completely different story to tell. He said Talwar's contention that Eros owes MFL any payment for Mausam is false, and on the contrary, MFL owes Eros around Rs 7.24 crore, which they have failed to pay despite repeated requests.Meanwhile, when we spoke to Talwar, who is in London , he sounded angry and upset, \"Mausam was a big blow to me financially, emotionally and spiritually. While other damages are irreversible, I won't allow my rightful money to slip out of my hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336205", "title": "Officials refuse Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh's proposals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Refusing to shun its archaic habits, the Uttar Pradesh secondary education board declined to accept the recommendations of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, which had suggested one answer sheet, one subject to streamline the evaluation process for class X. The initiative of the UPMSS was earlier accepted, and then turned down by the board. As per the proposal, answer booklet 'A' was to be given for one subject, 'B' for another and 'C' for the third. In case of more, answer sheet 'D' would follow.Science, for example has three subjects - Physics, Chemistry and Biology. All three subjects are taught by different teachers, and hence evaluation is done by the subject expert. So, the physics teacher evaluates the portion where a student has attempted questions related to physics, and then passes on to the chemistry and biology experts.Similarly, in social sciences, which includes four subjects - history, civics, geography and economics, the answer sheets are passed to different evaluators for marking. As a result, the board had to pay separately to all teachers for evaluating a single copy. Moreover, the process is time consuming and leaves a possibility for the examiner to miss questions, which is indeed a student's loss.Sharing her experience, Neeta Srivastava, a science teacher at Hanuman Prasad Rastogi Girl's Inter College said, \"This was to save teachers from wrong evaluation, where the ultimate sufferers are the students. Since students do not answer the different sections separately, it becomes very difficult for us to evaluate. If there is a separate answer booklet for different subjects, it saves time and ensures fair checking.\"However, when board officials were asked to comment on the current scenario in this regard, neither its director, CP Tiwari, nor secretary, Dasudev Yadav were available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335160", "title": "PU student wins essay-writing contest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While Panjab University may still be mooting an inter-disciplinary approach in its curriculum, its students are already standing out in diverse fields.Like Ikksheta Sharma, a student of PU's University Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences (UIPS), in contrast to her area of study, has been chosen as the best writer on the theme, \"Inner peace,\" beating over 1 lakh contestants and entries from 5,000 colleges in India in a coveted all India essay writing contest.In the under-graduate and post-graduate students' category, Sharma penned an article on a sub-category, \"Success must bestow humility\" in the contest organized by United Nations Information Centre for India and Bhutan, Delhi along with Sri Ram Chandra Mission.\"Creative writing is a hobby-turned-passion for me. I was always inclined toward creative writing and after my Class XII, I wanted to do something which was creative,\" says Sharma. She narrates how her parents used to encourage her to write more during her childhood. Quoting Mahatma Gandhi , she starts her essay with the line, \"The seeker after truth must be humbler than the dust...\"Having participated in the same event thrice in the last three years, with an aspiration to win, Sharma was pleasantly surprised to see her name on the top of the list this time.\"I am neither a staunch believer nor a non-believer. Spirituality for me is my family and my parents,\" said Sharma, who won the award in February this year for the contest that was held in December 2011.Stating that the essay-writing contest, which is held in three languages-- Hindi, English and Telegu -- is all set to be opened for colleges and universities in 94 countries from this year, O P Katare, a teacher at UIPS and member of the organizing team of the contest, said, \"We are proud that a student of PU has won the first prize in the senior category.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336491", "title": "Residents stop hospital opening by President\u2019s hubby", "text": "NAGPUR: The residents of the prime localities of Ramdaspeth and Dhantoli have finally taken control of their areas, which Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has neglected for long. Fed up with steep rise in number of hospitals and commercial establishments, residents took to the roads on Monday. They forced Devisingh Shekhawat, husband of President Pratibha Patil, to cancel the inauguration of the latest private hospital in Ramdaspeth.As per NMC records, there are 641 hospitals in the city, with 142 of them in Ramdaspeth (74) and Dhantoli (68), which do not constitute even an entire ward. Yet another hospital was to be inaugurated on Monday in Ramdaspeth, allegedly without parking and proper sanctions from NMC.Taking serious cognisance, local residents under the banner of Ramdaspeth Nagrik Mandal and Ramdaspeth Plot Owners and Residents Association staged a demonstration on the road going toward the new hospital. Corporator Sandip Joshi led the agitation. With black flags in their hands, the agitators shouted slogans protesting construction of hospitals and commercial establishments in the area illegally.The police reached the spot and attempted to stop the agitation before the arrival of Shekhawat. However, the agitators stood firm and continued the stir till 7pm. After hearing about the protests, Shekhawat did not turn up for the inauguration.Joshi told TOI the citizens are fed up with hospitals and commercial establishments in these two areas.\"Hospitals have no parking space, creating congestion. Rules have been flouted during construction. Besides, the new hospital is not registered with the NMC and not sanctioned for commercial use. The board outside depicts the name of the hospital as Indrayani Hospital, but the invitation card states the hospital is Asian Renal Care. It's an example of illegal activities in these areas. I had lodged a complaint with NMC and will ensure there are no illegal activities in my ward,\" he said.The co-owner of the hospital, Dr Sameer Chaubey, was not available for comments despite repeated attempts.Another co-owner, Dr Niranjan Dharaskar, met the agitators to give some justification. During the interaction he said the hospital has been constructed with all necessary permissions. \"I assure there will not be any problem of parking or any inconvenience to nearby residents,\" he said.Ironically, mayor Anil Sole inaugurated a branch of Thane Janata Sahakari Bank Limited, which too has been constructed illegally and even been served a notice by NMC. But, Sole went ahead and inaugurated the bank.An NMC official said Sole had gone to inaugurate the bank after an undertaking by the bank to NMC. \"Bank officials have admitted their fault and assured they will not use the portion in the residential building attached to the bank's commercial premises,\" he said.Strangely, the walls of the two buildings are attached. Such illegal constructions can also be seen in other places in Ramdaspeth. Many residences in these two areas are being used as commercial complexes. A lot of construction activity is also going on in these areas against the norms. But NMC officials are not interested in undertaking a survey or proper inspection of the concrete jungle threatening these two posh residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336119", "title": "HC seeks reply on dipping water level in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of the Patna high court (HC), comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Jyoti Saran, on Monday directed the state government to file a detailed reply on what steps it has taken till now to recharge the receding ground water level in the state capital.A petition was filed in the HC expressing concern over the dipping ground water level in the state capital and seeking the court's directive in this regard. The court on the day directed the government to file its reply by April 23.Directive on NRHM fund: The HC on Monday directed the state government to give details of the fund received and spent under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) provided by the Centre to the state. The matter was adjourned to Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336776", "title": "Government moves HC in Bidari case; hearing today", "text": "BANGALORE: The government on Monday moved the high court challenging the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) Bangalore bench's order quashing Shankar M Bidari's appointment as DG&IGP; of the state.The plea is listed before a division bench headed by Justice Dilip B Bhosale on Tuesday. Advocate general S Vijay Shankar requested the court to take up the government's petition at the earliest. The bench then asked the AG to ensure that all office objections raised by the registry are removed so as to enable the matter to be taken up on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336801", "title": "Corporator skids on pothole in own ward", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite deaths and injuries on the roads due to craters and potholes, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) did little to solve the problem. However, things might change now and we might have pothole-free roads as this time it's no common man but the newly-elected corporator, Safalta Ambatkar who skid on a pothole in her ward itself.Ahuge pothole is located on the shoulder side of the road right in front of Dhantoli police station on Panchsheel square-Dhantoli Railway under Bridge road. According to onlookers, Dr Ambatkar was on a two-wheeler and heading towards Yeshwant stadium. She noticed the pothole and tried to bypass it. However, the width of the road in that particular stretch being too narrow, she came head-on with a two-wheeler. To prevent collision, she applied brakes and the two-wheeler skidded on the road. People rescued her and she left unharmed. Fortunately, a mishap was averted.One of the prime localities of the city- Dhantoli has become congested due to shrinkholesing width of the roads, construction of hospitals and shops without parking facilities and encroachments. The internal roads are in pathetic condition since long. The busiest road in the area Panchsheel square-Dhantoli Police Station becomes narrow after passing Yeshwant stadium. Besides, the road is humpy and dumpy due to improper restoration of the road. Open man-holes are another problem on the roads and two such manholes have been open since long on the road. NMC has failed to learn the lesson after the death of a kid in an open manhole at Rambagh.Confirming the incident, Dr Ambatkar said, \"I am aware of the problems in my ward. I got elected just a month back and have submitted proposals for repairing of the roads. Already, the work on Lokmat square to Humpyard road has started,\" she said. Another corporator from the same ward and past chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi said, \"The ward will be developed with a proper plan. Dr Ambatkar and I have started the works and will ensure a clean and green ward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335883", "title": "Liquor scam probe: Anti Corruption Bureau submits status report to High Court", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Monday received the status report submitted by the ACB sleuths on the ongoing probe into the liquor scam and posted the case to Thursday for further hearing.The division bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar , however, returned the 18 volumes of documents filed by the ACB in two trunks as annexures to the status report.\"Take them back today itself. For us this status report is sufficient,\" the CJ said.The bench was hearing a public interest case that wanted the court to monitor the ACB probe into the liquor syndicate scam as the names of some political leaders were linked to it.The petitioner raised an apprehension that the ACB might not take forward its probe to a logical conclusion in view of the current volatile political situation in the state.ACB unearthed a nexus the liquor traders had with politicians, police, excise officials and media in the state to shield its unlawful activities like selling liquor over and above the maximum retail price, spreading the liquor trade unofficially to far off places through a network of belt shops, bringing in non duty paid liquor, etc.Of late, there have been critical remarks against the ACB for allegedly going slow on its probe following the surfacing of the names of some key politicians. It is in this backdrop that the public interest litigation was filed seeking the HC's intervention. The petitioner OM Debora of Forum for A Better Hyderabad wanted the court to provide the ACB more functional autonomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12335472", "title": "'Sahaj Path' sold as scrap, investigation ordered", "text": "Malda: Rabindranath Tagore's 'Sahaj Path' has found a new utility in Malda - wrapping grocery items. The books were sold as scrap paper even as hundreds of children wait to get their copies from their primary schools. Shocked by the revelation, the administration has vowed to probe the matter.The matter first came to people's notice at a grocery shop in English Bazaar. Sagar Mandal, the grocer, was found selling edibles like muri and chanachur in thongas (paper packets) fashioned out of pages of 'Sahaj Path'.\"I was horrified,\" said Bappa Roy, a local resident. \"My son studies in Class I at the local primary school. Like many of his schoolmates, he has not yet received his copy of 'Sahaj Path'. The teachers keep saying that the government has not yet supplied the books. But when I went to the local grocer, I found my packet of biscuits wrapped in the pages of Sahaj Path.\"The grocer later revealed that he had bought 5 kg of the books at Rs 50 from a godown. \"All the books are of the latest edition (2012) and a huge number of books are still dumped at the godown,\" he said.What is most astonishing is how did a book, which is not meant to be sold in the open market, find its way to the godown. Each of the copies carried a serial number and Cooch Behar Zilla Parishad Press mentioned as the printer.District inspector of schools (primary) Tripti Guha was handed over a copy retrieved from the godown. She was shocked: \"I have no idea how these books could have reached the godown.\" She visited the godown immediately, verified the allegation and ordered that the books be seized at once.\"The serial numbers will reveal which schools the books were issued to,\" Guha said. She promised that the scam will be probed. Teachers' organizations like ABPTA were furious. \"We demand thorough probe and exemplary punishment for the culprits,\" said a teacher affiliated to ABPTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12335974", "title": "HC on age row: School certificate will prevail", "text": "MADURAI: Setting aside a lower court order which declared a minor girl as major on the basis of medical examination, the Madurai bench on Monday said the birth certificate issued by the headmaster of the school is the official document which will prevail over doctor's opinion.Disposing of the habeas corpus petition filed by a man whose daughter was allegedly kidnapped, the bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass sent the rescued minor girl with her parents, pointing out that she was a minor as per the record in her school certificate.P Mookiah of Thirumayam, a daily wage labourer has two female children. His daughter who had studied up to standard eight, assisted him in agricultural work. While she was grazing cattle, one M Raja came to the spot and forcibly kidnapped her. Inspite of giving a complaint to the Kariayur police, the girl was not traced. Hence Mookiah filed the present habeas corpus petition.However the police rescued and produced the girl before the judicial magistrate, Thirumayam. In the absence of an official record regarding her date of birth, based on a doctor's opinion, the judicial magistrate passed on setting her at liberty and the police was also directed to give necessary protection.The said order passed by the judicial magistrate was challenged by her father in the Madurai bench by filing a separate criminal original petition. He contended that in spite of obtaining the date of birth certificate issued by the school, the sub-inspector failed to produce the same before the magistrateThe judges set aside the order of the lower court after ascertaining that the girl was a minor through her school certificate and when she expressed her willingness to go with her father. The SI apologised for not producing date of birth certificate issued by the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339540", "title": "Hansika Motwani paints for a cause", "text": "Looks like Hansika is all set to put her skill in art to good use.The actress is planning to start an old age home soon, and will host an exhibition of her paintings to fund the home. Confirming the news, the Velayudham girl says, \"There are so many elders who don't have a place that they can call their home. I've always dreamt of running an old age home for them. To fund the home, I will be hosting an exhibition of my art works, and the proceeds from the sales will be used to realize my dream.\"Interestingly, the actress, who debuted in Kollywood with the Dhanush-starrer Mappillai, had earlier celebrated her birthday by adopting 20 street kids in Mumbai.Meanwhile, Hansika is in Chennai to shoot for Vettai Mannan with Simbu, directed by debutant Nelson.We hear the schedule for the film, which will take place in a prominent mill in Perambur and Meenambakkam, will go on for another couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335030", "title": "Businessman grilled, EOW freezes two accounts", "text": "Mumbai: The economic offences wing (EOW), probing the multi-crore bomb disposal suits fraud, froze two bank accounts belonging to prime suspect, Bimal Agarwal. Sources said the amount runs into several crores.The state had paid the Mumbai-based businessman Agarwal the full amount but had not got a single suit. The state government later ordered cancellation of the Rs 6.25 crore order for 82 bomb disposal suits that was given to Agarwal after the 26/11 attacks.Agarwal was questioned at the police HQ from 11am to 4pm on Monday, when he insisted that it was a civil dispute between him and the state government, and not a criminal case.The police conducted searches at two of Agarwal's properties in Goregaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335347", "title": "Policeman injured in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A head constable was injured after youths pelted stones at police in Ambedkar Nagar area of southeast Delhi.Head constable Brahmanand Sharma was hit after he asked youths to not create a ruckus while celebrating India's victory in cricket.The angry youths started pelting stones at the cops present there, sources said. Sharma was hit on the head by a stone. He was admitted to AIIMS Trauma Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335307", "title": "Release design of collapsed Delhi Metro pillar: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed an appeal filed by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, paving the way for an architect to get copies of the structural drawings of a collapsed Metro pillar, under the RTI Act.A bench of Justice P Sathasivam and Justice J Chelameshwar saw no merit in DMRC's appeal against a Delhi high court order asking it to furnish information relating to design of the pillar that collapsed in July 2009 at Zamrudpur in south Delhi killing six persons. SC dismissed the appeal on the ground that the information is already in public domain.Earlier, HC reasoned that disclosure of information sought by Sudhir Vora, the RTI applicant, won't affect \"the security, strategic, scientific and economic interests of the state\". Vora had filed an RTI plea seeking structural drawings of Metro pillar number 67. He also sought details on pile foundation and the superstructure, steel reinforcement, foundation and reports of soil tests conducted.Challenging the HC judgment, DMRC had moved SC arguing that HC ignored copyright concerns, as information sought could be misused for commercial considerations. Appearing for DMRC, attorney general G E Vahanvati had said his client had undertaken similar projects across India for which keeping its projects and designs confidential was necessary.But Vora contested DMRC's claim, saying the issue of copyright violation, intellectual property rights or commercial threat doesn't arise. Countering the AG's arguments, Vohra said DMRC should not conceal information about the badly designed structure and allayed fears of security breach, emphasizing his RTI plea only sought a pillar drawing and not designs of airports or power plants.He also justified the HC order, which said, \"Supplying the information would not impair the process of investigation and prosecution of offenders more so when it is in the public domain.\"The central public information officer (PIO) of DMRC in July 2009, declined to furnish the information on the ground that it was intellectual property of DMRC. However, Central Information Commission overruled the PIO's reasoning and directed DMRC to supply the information as sought by the RTI applicant. Vora, while speaking to TOI after the SC order, regretted the manner in which DMRC chose to drag his RTI query right up to the apex court.\"Instead of admitting to their mistake, they dragged the case on. What they forget is that engineers can lie, but engineering cannot. Whatever flaw was there in the metro pillar design, will now come out,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12337181", "title": "Weekend escape now means a mall crawl", "text": "Gone are the days when a family would plan in advance for weekend trips and excursions. Today, with malls dotting the urban landscape, the idea of going out with family has been reduced to mall hopping.Chains of shops catering to various needs of all family members ranging from coffee shops to spas and salons and fun zones, malls have become one-stop destination for entertainment.And with children loving it too, malls provide parents an easy and hassle-free option of hanging out together. Be it scary zones, the latest trend in malls, gaming parlours or the food courts, children across age seem to be soaking in the mall culture.Identifying the need to cater to one and all, malls too now have developed special zones for children as young as two years to even teens.\"Due to a heavy demand and increasing popularity of our bowling alley, we raised the number of alleys to eight from four that we had begun with three years ago,'' says Samrat Sharma, manager, Triton Mall.According to Sharma, malls have increasingly become a family destination and due to the shortage of time, it's important to turn these into one-stop point for shopping, food and entertainment.For the Soni family from Mansarovar, the city malls are the perfect place for family gatherings. \"At least once every month, we go to one of the malls where the women in the family shop for garments and other stuff while kids spend their time at the game zones. There are times when all of us go for a movie, play games and end the evening with a dinner at the food court,'' says Rajiv Soni, a silver jewellery dealer.The two gaming zones at the MGF Mall are among one of the most popular in the city. Despite space restrictions, mall authorities have ensured to bring in necessary changes as per demands.\"Our gaming zones are immensely popular and there are several children who insist their parents to visit our mall because of the gaming zones. New games are introduced as per the demand and we change our games on a yearly basis,'' says Anil Yadav, manager, MGF Mall.These gaming zones and food courts have also become popular for hosting birthday parties and large family gatherings.It's not just small children but malls are a cool hangout zone for teenagers too. Groups of teens shopping together or playing games or chatting at coffee bars are now a common sight at the malls.For Srishti Singh, a student of Arts department at the Rajasthan University, the coffee shop at a nearby mall is a regular hangout place for her group of friends. \"The mall is a place of convenience - one can shop, play games, watch a movie or do nothing at all. Even by just sipping coffee and watching visitors, time just flies by. I prefer malls even for family shopping or dinners,'' says Srishti.Despite the growing popularity of malls among parents and children, there are many who oppose the mindless consumerism promoted here. \"The displays and the promotional activities are all aimed at luring the kids, who are increasingly turning materialistic. It is common for school kids to exchange notes on what was purchased or what games were played during a trip, which is not quite a healthy trend,'' says Geeta Chowdhary, a counsellor.Mall authorities however, do not agree to this. They say malls have been developed to cater to all needs and hence apart from entertainment and shopping zones, there are book stores and educational activities too are organized from time-to-time.\"We have recently started a section where a private firm has set up educational and scientific models. Children can see how a steam engine works,\" says Sharma of Triton Mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336146", "title": "Onion farmers seek minimum support price", "text": "Nashik: Led by Kolhapur MP and and leader of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS), Raju Shetty, hundreds of farmers from Nashik district demanded the government set a market intervention scheme (MIS) and a minimum support price (MSP) for onions.Raju Shetty addressing the agitation that took place in front of the collectorate, claimed that the government was taking decisions that were in favour of capitalists and not farmers. \"The state is engaged in taking decisions that suits the traders, not the farmers.We have put forth our demand that the farmers should get MSP as recommended by the committee of agricultural universities. The central government should introduce the MIS immediately,\" Shetty said.The agitating farmers blocked entry and exit gates of the collectorate, because no decision had been reached. Since MIS is not implemented at this point in time, the farmers have demanded that the state and central governments jointly bear the difference between the MSP proposed by the committee and the market price fetched by the farmer, and pay it back to the farmer. The famers also put for the a demand that the state send a proposal to the Centre demanding MIS .The central government had banned onion exports on September 8, 2011. The market price for onions was at Rs 1,000 per quintal at that time. Prices fell when new crop arrived. While, the export ban was lifted, the minimum export price was increased from 350 dollars per tonne to 475 dollars per tonne, which again hit the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12335473", "title": "SP government to introduce new NCR plan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government is all set to introduce a new sub-regional plan for the NCR districts. The development comes a day after Akhilesh Yadav distributed the portfolios to his ministers. The districts under the new plan include Ghaziabad, Baghpat, Gautam Budh Nagar, Meerut, Bulandshahr and the newly-carved Panchsheel Nagar.On Monday, senior officials of the housing department met chief secretary Anoop Mishra to chalk out a detailed outline of the plan that aims to sketch out infrastructural needs in the six districts in a bid to contain the explosive growth Delhi registered in the past decade. The plan comes after a gap of 10 years and will take into account the needs of half a dozen towns till 2031.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336864", "title": "Summer makes you sick", "text": "BANGALORE: With mercury levels already touching 35 degrees Celsius in March and the city going through a dry spell, doctors have warned against waterborne diseases like gastroenteritis , jaundice, hepatitis A , typhoid and paratyphoid.Physicians are already tackling cases of vomiting, diarrhoea and dehydration, thanks to contaminated water. General physician Dr B Ramana Rao said: '' I am getting at least 5 to 6 cases of waterborne diseases every day and most patients are suffering from gastroenteritis . Impure drinking water is the main cause. Vomiting and diarrhoea due to gastroenteritis also leads to severe loss of water in the body and dehydration.\"Besides impure drinking water, consuming food prepared in unhygienic conditions and cut fruits are also causing summer ailments , say doctors.Dr Tejasvi C Nataraj, consultant, internal medicine, BGS Global Hospitals confirmed this: '' Eating fruits from the roadside vendor, which are either not washed properly or are cleaned with impure water, can be harmful. One should eat fresh fruits only after washing them thoroughly . It is advisable to drink fruit juices, but again not from an unhygienic roadside outlet. Drink only boiled and filtered water or prefer the bottled one when you are not at home.'''' Apart from gastroenteritis and chicken pox , more and more children are complaining of sore throat. This is probably because they eat ice creams and drink a lot of cold water to beat the heat. It is not advisable to eat ice cream or drink cold water outside, as there are chances of getting viral infection. Children should only be given bottled /mineral water to drink,'' advised Dr T Yashodadevi, a pediatrician .Take Care Of YourselfDon't step out in the sun. As far as possible, avoid being outdoors between noon and 4pm. If you really need to go out, then use an umbrella or a hat/cap and sunglasses.Drink lots of water (at least 2 to 3 litres) through the day. But if you end up drinking impure water, you might land up in hospital, say doctors. Drinking filtered and boiled water is a must during this season. Consumption of tap water should be avoided at all cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "12334320", "title": "Mulayam rescues govt in Lok Sabha, but plays hard to get", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday ruled out the possibility of joining UPA, triggering speculation about the terms on which the Samajwadi Party may agree to shore up the numbers of the ruling coalition.\"Barely a year is left for Lok Sabha polls, there is no reason why we should join the government,\" Mulayam said in Lucknow, adding that there was zero possibility of SP joining the UPA.The comment came on a day when the Samjawadi group in Lok Sabha ignored Rahul Gandhi's scathing \"goonda raj\" campaign jibes to rescue the government in a trial of strength with the opposition. Samajwadis withdrew their amendments to the President's address and voted against the changes sought by BJP and the Left. The SP support to UPA despite Congress's decision to stick to Trinamool by accepting Mamata Banerjee's demand for sacking of the railway minister triggered speculation on what was cooking between the two parties that crossed swords in a bitterly fought assembly battle.Congress seemed to reciprocate hours later when it dodged questions about the induction of \"tainted\" Raja Bhaiya in CM Akhilesh Yadav's government..Congress's desire to have SP in the UPA tent in order to have a buffer against increasingly assertive allies like Trinamool has been known. The heat of UP campaign did not diminish it, with a section of Congress party stressing the need to have channels open with the SP boss on the ground that he would prove to be a more stable and mature ally. Samajwadi Party with its 22 MPs can bolster UPA's numbers.Congress sources remain optimistic of a positive response from SP. While SP's support for the government on Monday shows that the hope is not without basis, SP's thumping win in UP has pitchforked Mulayam into a position from where he can drive a harder bargain.Congress had reckoned that SP would not get a majority of its own, enabling the party to play the kingmaker and leverage its numbers in the hung House in Lucknow to bring Samajwadis in the UPA column at the Centre. However, estimates of a \"partnership of equals\" were dealt a big blow, when SP overwhelmed its opponents.Free of dependence on Congress in Lucknow, Mulayam can make tough demands which may push Congress to stick to its existing allies. The compulsion was evident on Monday when Congress tried to please both Trinamool and DMK by agreeing to their demands over change in railway ministry and support for resolution against Sri Lanka in the Geneva-based United Nations Human Rights Council.The anxiety to keep numbers for unforeseen situation is also goading Congress to stay engaged with SP, even if the liaison does not result in a formal alliance straightaway because of SP's autonomy in Lucknow.Talking to reporters in Lucknow, Mulayam denied the possibility of joining the UPA at the Centre, saying that he had received no invite from Congress.The numerical frailty of the Congress-led coalition lies at the core of the crisis facing the Centre, with Congress desperate to marshal support when Trinamool upped the ante over the rail budget last week. It plunged the UPA into a crisis which nudged the ruling party to reach out to its \"outside supporters\".In what appeared in sync with its attempt to humour SP, Congress reciprocated by somersaulting on its stance against Samajwadi's \"criminalization\".When asked about the irony behind UP putting strongman-minister Raja Bhaiyya in charge of prisons, AICC spokesman Abhishek Singhvi merely repeated the defence offered by Akhilesh Yadav that charges against Raja Bhaiyya were never proved. When reminded about Congress's high decibel poll campaign against SP for patronizing criminals, Singhvi said the epithets were used for the past SP regime and not its future government which came into existence only a few days ago.The mutual accommodation raised queries if Mulayam was playing hard to get to Congress overtures. While Congress has kept him on standby in UPA-2 for an emergency like Trinamool's revolt, it thinks Mulayam can be part of the Centre now that political concerns are over. Congress was earlier averse to tying up with SP because it felt the alliance would undercut its revival attempt in UP. However, the decimation in recent polls has made Congress alive to its central compulsions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336117", "title": "Government Railway Police hunt for women thieves", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Government Railway Police has launched a search for women thieves who operate on the trains passing through the Allahabad region. They are particularly looking for three women thieves wanted in connection with over two dozen theft cases.These women disguise themselves as housewives, board the trains and then steal valuables during night hours when the passengers are fast asleep.GRP officials said most of these gang members belong to west UP districts like Meerut, Moradabad and Muzafarnagar and operate in an organised way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336563", "title": "Short cuts", "text": "Panda poo to help grow organic green teaChina's national treasure , the giant panda, will become even more precious if one businessman succeeds in using their dung to grow organic green tea he intends to sell for over $200 a cup. An Yanshi, an entrepreneur in southwest China, grows the tea in mountainous Ya'an in Sichuan province using tonnes of excrement from panda bears living at nearby breeding centres. The first batch of panda dung tea will be sold in lots of 50 grams that will cost some $3,500 each, a price An said makes it the world's most expensive tea. Most people use about 3 grams of tea per cup.'Men are clueless about clothes'A new study has found what many women have for long complained - men are clueless about what to wear, with most relying on the lady in their life to select dresses for them. In the study, based on a survey, two thirds of male respondents admitted that they usually rely on their wife or girlfriend to pick out ties, shirts, suits and even their shoes before venturing out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336668", "title": "Nagzira bid to rein in tourist litter", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary, 125km away from here in Gondia district, is having a hard time controlling unruly tourists who litter the park with plastic, paper and other garbage potentially harmful to wildlife. Tourists have also quarrelled with staff at the entrance gate and frequently break rules during safaris. To curb the problem, the park management has decided to provide lockers and also install CCTV cameras at the two main gates - Pitezari and Chorkhamara.On March 12 at about 9.30am, naturalist Pranay Ade from Nagpur spotted a tiger sniffing at a piece of newspaper. Ade also collected empty plastic packets, plastic water bottles and at least 20 small pieces of plastic kharra wrappers from the core area.Ade said gutkha pouches were a common sight in the erstwhile FDCM area, now part of the sanctuary. The plastic is mostly thrown by tourists while kharra pouches are used mostly by guides and drivers. Shockingly, plastic is seen even on Bison Road, known to be the park's best area, where tigers can frequently be spotted.\"This plastic poses a threat to wild animals. Tourists should maintain discipline and keep in mind they are not in a garden. It is unfortunate that guides entrusted with the responsibility of sensitizing tourists themselves end up littering the park,\" Ade lamented.He narrated an incident of the same day, where a guide from Chorkhamara gate broke the rules to walk up to another vehicle to get kharra from his colleague even when a tiger was present just 40 feet away. MS Reddy, conservator of forests (CF) for Gondia wildlife division, has decided to address the situation immediately.\"Our problem is where will tourists leave the material? By this month-end, we will come up with lockers at Pitezari and Chorkhamara gates. The keys will be with the respective guides. Tourists will have to deposit material like plastic bags in the lockers before entering and claim it on return,\" Reddy told TOI. \"If even after this anyone is found violating rules, then guides as well as visitors will be penalized,\" he said.Reddy said there were directions to collect on-the-spot fine if such violations were noticed but in the absence of a separate vehicle, field staff has its constraints. \"Last month we imposed a fine of Rs 1,000 on two vehicles,\" he said.Reddy also said that two CCTV cameras will be installed at the gates to check the menace of rowdy tourists. Laptops with webcams were being procured to record details of tourists and vehicles. This will help track violators who later deny their involvement.\"While making an entry, we will also record picture of the group leader. This will come in handy in cases of violations. At present, it is tedious to maintain paper receipts. The lockers and CCTVs will be operational from April 1,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337248", "title": "Doctors remove peanut pieces from infant's windpipe", "text": "PUNE: Eight-month-old Chandrakant (name changed) was brought to a city hospital with severe respiratory distress and was on the verge of total collapse, a fortnight ago.A bronchoscopy, the technique of visualising the inside of the airways, showed that peanut pieces were lodged in the child's windpipe.\"The peanut pieces were embedded in the main branch supplying air to the left lung. They were deeply impacted and soft, suggesting that the actual ingestion must have taken place at least a week earlier,\" said paediatric surgeon Dasmit Singh, who carried out the bronchoscopy.Removing the pieces was another challenge, given the critical condition of the child. \"The windpipe was tiny and the left lung had collapsed and the infant was on ventilator. We had to 'nibble away' at the peanut pieces-- erode it with instruments and free the airway,\" he added.\"Thin and long forceps were inserted through the bronchoscope, and the pieces were taken out in bits. Multiple pieces of a whole peanut were stuck inside,\" Singh added.Chandrakant was brought to Jehangir hospital from Perne Phata, Koregaon Bhima, some 30 km from Pune, where he lives with his family, in the middle of the night. He had suddenly 'coughed, puked and become breathless', his father, a crane operator, said.The company's doctor, who told the parents to rush to Pune, called the hospital staff and informed them. \"When they arrived, the infant was unconscious, gasping desperately for breath. His oxygen saturation and blood pressure were critically low. Every second was precious and he was shifted to the Paediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) for ventilation,\" Sanjay Bafna, head of paediatrics department at Jehangir Hospital, said.For the next three days, Chandrakant battled for life. \"Initial investigations showed that the left lung had collapsed and was less than half the normal size. There was severe infection in the lungs which had spread to the entire body causing sepsis,\" Bafna said.The procedure was successfully accomplished and subsequent medication and ventilation took care of the severe inflammation and infection. After 48 hours, the infant was able to breathe without artificial support. He was discharged on March 14.Such cases are rare and parents must keep small items out of toddlers' reach. Working parents must take additional care to make their homes child-safe, experts said.\"When there is a sudden and serious breathing problem, people around must realize that a foreign body could be trapped in the windpipe. The patient must be immediately rushed to a facility capable of extracting and ventilating the patient,\" said Bafna.A bronchoscopy showed that peanut pieces were lodged in the child's windpipe. Thin and long forceps were inserted through the bronchoscope, and the pieces were taken out in bits. Multiple pieces of a whole peanut were stuck inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337422", "title": "Tezpur varsity hosts human rights seminar", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in collaboration with Tezpur University (TU) organized a national seminar on 'Education, Society and Human Rights' on March 12 and 13 as part of the NHRC's nationwide campaign to educate and sensitize the public and law enforcement officers in particular about the issue.Justice K G Balakrishnan, NHRC chairman, participating as the chief guest at the inaugural session of the seminar, emphasized the need of an educated society to meaningfully implement the provisions of the Commission for protecting human rights ad reporting violations to authorities concerned. Justice Aftab H Saikia, chairman of the Assam Human Rights Commission who was also present at the seminar, said: \"The law enforcement officers must be unbiased and sensitive in dealing with their subjects because the poorer sections of the society are the worst sufferers.\"Around 400 participants attended the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336162", "title": "Youth Congress general secretary arrested, released", "text": "PANAJI: Spurned in love, Indian Youth Congress (IYC) general secretary Akhil Chaddha, 26, allegedly entered a 20-year old college student's house in Vasco, slapped her sister and threatened her with dire consequences.Vasco police arrested Chaddha on Sunday afternoon under Sections 323 (causing hurt), 452 (house-trespass after preparation for hurt, assault or wrongful restraint), 504 (intentional insult), 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).Vasco SDPO, DySP Lawrence D'Souza said, \"We did arrest Chaddha on Sunday. He was released on bail on Sunday evening by the JMFC, Vasco.\"Police said the girl's sister, Anjali Amekar, in her complaint on Saturday alleged that Chaddha, who hails from Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh, came to their residence, slapped her and threatened them with dire consequences.Police immediately registered an offence and provided police protection to the girl.Sources said the girl, who is related to a Youth Congress leader from Goa, had accused Chaddha of trying to lure her with the aim of making her his girlfriend. When she refused, Chaddha started to come in her way and tried to force her to accept his offer or be ready to face the consequences.The girl informed her family and he was kept at bay. This irked Chaddha and on Saturday he allegedly barged into her house and demanded to meet the girl. When the girl objected, he allegedly slapped her.Chaddha, however, claimed to police that he was being \"framed\". \"He claimed that the girl was friendly with him and he wanted to marry her but she didn't wish to marry him,\" police said. In support of his point, Chaddha told police that he had spent lot of money on her during his friendship.This is not the first time the girl had complained against Chaddha. Last year, allegedly tired of Chaddha's advances, she had complained at Vasco police station. The police had then registered a non-cognizable offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335266", "title": "Mukul Roy to be sworn in as railway minister today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress's Mukul Roy will be sworn in as railway minister on Tuesday amid indications that Mamata Banerjee's new nominee in Rail Bhawan may announce withdrawal of the hike announced by his predecessor Dinesh Trivedi in fares of sleeper class and suburban trains.The prime minister, who had objected to Roy's appointment as railway minister in 2011, yielded to Banerjee's insistence on a day when the West Bengal chief minister landed in Delhi after quite a while.The communique to President Pratibha Patil about Roy's induction in the Cabinet came just after the PM regretted the ouster of Trivedi in Lok Sabha, something that underlined Congress's reluctance to let go the former railway minister after he presented a budget which verged closer to the thinking of the PMO and the Planning Commission than the Trinamool leadership. \"I regret the departure Shri Trivedi,\" the PM said.Significantly, Singh addressed Trinamool's grouse against the outgoing railway minister that he defied Banerjee. \"He (Trivedi) had presented the railway budget which promised to carry out the Vision 2020 that was outlined his predecessor,\" the PM said.Roy is likely to announce a rollback in sleeper class and suburban train fares during his reply to the debate on the rail budget, expected to start on Tuesday. Sources in Trinamool indicated that the party had no quarrel with the hike in fares of upper classes, and that its protest was limited to the increase in ticket prices of sleeper class and suburban trains.The appointment of Roy, announced after the PM called Mamata for a 20-minute discussion in Parliament House, highlighted the cruciality of Trinamool's numbers for the government as well as Banerjee's readiness to wield them to have her way. She had relented on her preference for Roy to be put in charge of railways, after she left Delhi to take over as chief minister of West Bengal a year ago.However, this time she stuck to her original choice, disregarding Congress's continuing reservations about the minister of state for shipping as well as hints from the AICC headquarters that they were considering to take in Mulayam Singh Yadav to neutralize Trinamool.In the Lok Sabha, Singh said of Roy, \"He will have the onerous duty of carrying forward the challenging task of modernizing our railway system.\"According to Trinamool sources, party MP Ratna Dey Nag is likely to replace Roy as MoS, shipping. At present, she is deputy leader of the party in Lok Sabha and was the Trinamool representative to the UPA dinner last week hosted by the PM.Rail BudgetUnion Budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335015", "title": "Govt passes vote of thanks test in Lok Sabha, PM promises consultations on NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government prevailed in Lok Sabha on Monday, defeating the opposition's amendments to the President's address with overt and indirect help from Trinamool Congress, SP and BSP but will be required to marshal all its strength in Rajya Sabha on Tuesday where it is precariously placed. Monday's vote -- UPA got 227 votes to 146 for opposition -- has not only exposed UPA's numerical weakness but also underlined the continuing need for the government to humour its allies.Incidentally, this comes on a day when the government made two important concessions for its allies - it accepted Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's nominee Mukul Roy as railway minister despite deep reservations on his candidature, and expressed its readiness to humour DMK by expressing its inclination to vote in favour of the UN resolution against Sri Lanka.The Lok Sabha reverberated with the opposition's \"ayes\" to amendments moved by BJP, Left and BJD on the issue of Centre's proposed anti-terror agency National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC). However, the government was spared an embarrassment when Trinamool, which is at the forefront of resistance from states to NCTC, chose not to convert its dissent into a vote.That members, including ministers belonging to a coalition partner, absented themselves during the vote was not a statement of the government's stability, though the treasury benches must have derived satisfaction from the fact that Banerjee's troops decided to hold their fire.Apart from Trinamool's unwillingness to hurt the UPA, skills of Congress's managers also came to the government's rescue. BSP, which was attacked by Rahul Gandhi during the UP campaign, chose to walk out rather than seize upon an opportunity to settle scores on the Lok Sabha floor. Not just that, even SP, also the butt of Rahul's campaign, chose to withdraw its amendments rather easily, expressing satisfaction over the PM's assurance that consultations will take place and NCTC will not be operationalised before the concerns of states are addressed.While the BJP amendment was defeated by 226-141, a CPM amendment was defeated 227-146. But for the walkout by Trinamool and BSP, which have a combined strength of 40 members, and the support of the 22-member SP, the government could have been in real trouble. Trinamool has 19 MPs while BSP has 21.The government of the day may have to face some embarrassing moments if an amendment to the President's address is passed in the House. Considering this, a tougher task awaits the government in the Rajya Sabha where it has only 96 members if six members from Trinamool decide to abstain as they did in Lok Sabha.The NDA, however, has 103 members. Accounting for 7 vacancies, the strength of the Upper House is 238. The UPA will be counting on 17 members from BSP and six from Trinamool to walk out, whittling down the strength of the House to 215 members. The government will have to ensure that all four members of SP and five nominated members vote in its favour to muster 105 votes. Seven independent and single-member parties may hold the key a comfortable position for the government.Recognizing this reality, the PM told the Lok Sabha that concern had been raised that the central government was trying to encroach upon the jurisdiction of states. Hoping to placate members, Singh said \"full consultations will take place before the next steps are taken\". He added that there may be differences but these could be \"narrowed down\" and a consensus reached.While moving her amendments, BJP leader Sushma Swaraj said, \"If the government is going to threaten states, there can be no resolution.\" She was referring to the recent consultation between DGPs and the Union home ministry. Swaraj also criticized the government for its \"arrogance\" in mentioning the NCTC in the President's address despite 10 chief ministers expressing their opposition to the move.BJD's B Mahtab compared the NCTC to the intelligence agency SS during Nazi Germany saying that no democratic country had brought intelligence gathering and investigative wings under one agency.The opposition plans to continue its offensive and press for amendments in the Rajya Sabha after the PM's reply. Though the PM was scheduled to reply on Monday itself, it was postponed due to absence of leader of opposition Arun Jaitley who was in Gandhinagar (Gujarat) to file his nomination for the Upper House election.Referring to the opposition expressed by some states to NCTC, BJP member Chandan Mitra said, \"The President's address reinforces that the government is acting first and thinking later.\" He also pointed out that there had been no consultation (with states) on RPF Amendment Bill as well.While Barun Mukherjee of Forward Block highlighted the differences between the Centre and the states over the NCTC issue saying it was \"time to revisit the entire Centre-state relationship\", CPM member Sitaram Yechury pointed out that the anti-terror body was devised in such a way that it takes away the right to policing by the states which is in gross violation of the federal structure.Yechury termed the President's speech as \"regrettable\" and \"disappointment\" as there was no mention of farmers' suicide in her speech nor any mention of the \"breakdown in law and order\" and \"gross violation of human rights\". The CPM leader's remarks over political killings in West Bengal under the present state government enraged Trinamool members in the Upper House which witnessed some charges and counter-charges over the issue during the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336426", "title": "Unemployment's burden too great to bear?", "text": "VARANASI: An ignored territory up till now, the employment office of the district faced a situation of mayhem as the server of the department crashed on Monday afternoon due to great number of hits for the past one month. It may be mentioned here that the registration at various employment offices of the state have soared in the entire state for unemployment allowance as soon as the Samajwadi Party won the state assembly elections.According to Ravi Shekhar, assistant director, district employment office, the server that was used from Lucknow for the past few years was very old and not capable of bearing the increased number of hits at one time. \"We have received a notification that it is being replaced in a couple of days' time. However, this may take more than a week to resolve,\" he added. \"Even the website registration needs second stage verification from us, which is again done if the server is all right. The server was showing this trend since Friday as it was taking 15 minute to complete one registration,\" added Ravi Shekhar.Meanwhile, the crowd of unemployed people waiting to register themselves complained of inconvenience and created a ruckus, raising slogans outside the employment office. A K Rai, manager at a private firm who was there to accompany his wife for the registration, said: \"We are here since the office has opened and the officials are not giving us any clear information. We are only running from one window to the other but can find no one there.\"However, another visitor Ganesh Shankar Srivastava alleged: \"There is some back-door entry. The server is not down for all the people, some people are being given a preference. We have been standing in the queue for hours and still not allowed inside.\"Ashish Singh, a student preparing for government services, said: \"Some government jobs require registration at the employment office. On Friday I was told that the server was down. On Saturday they excused saying it is half day and on Monday I am told that I should try the verification process after a week. My exams are in the pipeline and this thing is only killing my time.\"It is noteworthy that the increased crowd at the employment office shifted the manual registration to Sankritik Sankul (Cultural Complex) Chowkaghat area, while the online verification is being done at the employment office itself. According to Ashok Singh, another person waiting for his turn in the queue, said: \"In fact, some mischievous elements have started selling the photocopy of the registration form for Rs 10-15.\" While some people are making a business by selling forms in black, the photocopy shops and cyber cafes in the nearby areas are also selling forms openly at their shops and registering the candidates online. However, the authorities denied any such practice.As Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav announced the unemployment allowance of Rs 1,000 for those above 35, the middle aged people have replaced the crowd of youngsters hopeful of unemployment allowance. Abha Devi (37), a resident of Pandeypur, feels that the amount of Rs 1,000 can be utilised for saving purposes, while according to Ramesh Kumar , a farmer of Narihana village, the amount is very less and should be increased as the cost of living is growing.Priti Pathak, a private school teacher from Taktakpur area, said: \"My job pays me less than the allowance which will be paid here. So, if my form will be accepted, it will be like another source of income for me.\"According to Ravi Shekhar, over 62,000 registrations have been done so far. It is quite a leap from last week's 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12337172", "title": "Another thalassemic child contracts HIV", "text": "RAJKOT: As another case of thalassemic child contracting HIV through blood transfusion came to light, Congress workers took to the street, vandalizing Rajkot Voluntary Blood Bank which had allegedly conducted the transfusion. This is the second such case in Saurashtra after a child contracted HIV in similar fashion in Junagadh.Led by city Congress president Jaswantsinh Bhatti, Congress workers stormed the blood bank and smashed its glasses. Police had to be called in to bring the situation under control. Several Congress workers including Rajesh Chawda, Jalpesh Vaghela, Pravin Vadher, Rakesh Makwana, Ajit Luhar, Mavji Rakhshiya and Mukesh Parmar were arrested for vendalizing the blood bank.Later, Congress spokesperson Aziz Ibrahim said that the victim, a child from a Dalit family suffering from thalassemia, had been undergoing blood transfusion at regular interval at the voluntary blood bank for the past two years.\"His poor parents had to shell out Rs 800 or more each time for the transfusion. Recently, the child health condition deteriorated and he was admitted to Rajkot Civil Hospital where he was diagnosed as HIV positive. When his family approached police commissioner, police and blood bank conducted HIV test on his mother which came negative. When senior officials from the state health department came for inspection, they were given five-star treatment and the matter was eventually swept under the rug,\" said Ibrahim.The Congress leaders said that they are determined to take the issue to its logical conclusion and will continue to agitate till the justice is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335871", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power will be suspended in the following areas on Wednesday from 9am to 5.30pm:Egmore: EVK Sampath Rd, Jermaiya Rd, Ritherdon Rd &amp; lane, Church lane, Balar Kalvi Nilaiyam, CMDA, Merina Tower, Whenals Rd, PCO Rd, Part of Purasaiwakkam high Rd, VP Hall, Picnic Hotel, Varadharajan St, Santhosh Ngr, Part of P.H.Rd, Gengu Reddy Rd, Aramuthan garden, Prathapat Rd, Hutkinson Rd, Singer St, Subbaya St, Baracks Rd, Sydenhams Rd, Karpoora Muthali St, Thiruvenkadam St, Matukkara Veera Pathran St, Katur Sadayappan St, Muthu Gramani St.Park Town: Shinger St, Nainiappa MeStry St, Issac St, Jesson St, Rasappa chetty St, Thanjaimurugapa St, Mannar St, Kalapa Achari St, Wall Tax Rd, E.V.R.Salai Singal.Saidapet West St: Kattabomman block, Muthurangan block, Anjuham Ngr, Parry Ngr, School St, RR colony all St, VSM garden, Bharathi block, Errikarai St, Entire Saidapet weSt, 7 &amp; 11th avenue, LIC colony, Ngrthamman koil St, Annamalai Chetty Ngr, Ethiraj Ngr, KV colony I to IV St, Kamashipuram IInd &amp; 10th avenue, Ashok Ngr 58 to 64th St, Nalkamman St, Muveender colony, Part of Ashok Ngr,Sembium: Harbour colony, Venkateshwara Ngr &amp; colony, Milk colony Rd, Rizwan Rd, Arul Ngr, Narayanaswamy garden, Rekha Ngr, Solaiamman koil, Koyathopu, Ambika Ngr, SaStri Ngr, M.H.Rd, Annai Sathya Ngr, Chandraprabu colony, GNT Rd, Periyar Ngr, Thanigachalam Ngr and Kolathur, Thirupathi Ngr, Balaji Ngr, United colony, Thirumalai Ngr, Nermai Ngr, Valarmathi Ngr, Kumaran Ngr, Lakshmipuram, Vinayagapuram, Muthamil Ngr 1 to 5th &amp; 7th block, Indl. Area, Teachers colony, Gandhi Ngr, T.H.Rd, Ganapathy Ngr, Bank colony.Tondiarpet: T.H.Rd, G.A.Rd, Solaiappan St, Sanjeevirayan koil St, Kappal Polu St, Thandavaraya Mudali St, Balu Mudali St, V.P.koil St, Ramanuja Iyer St, R.K.Ngr, Tondiarpet, Old Washermenpet, Avathar Ramasamay St, Subburayalu St, Kothandaraman St, Sri Rangammal St.Ennore: Ennore, Kathivakkam, Eranavoor, All EHT consumers.Kamaraj Ngr: Kamaraj Ngr, N.M.Rd, Avadi TNHB, Vasantham Ngr, Govarthanagiri, Paruthipet, Kannapalayam, Avadi market, Kumaran Ngr, Periyar Ngr, Anandam Ngr.Tollgate : Total New Washermanpet (NT Rd to I.D.H.), (S.N.Chetty St to T.H.Rd), Part of VO C.Ngr, Sathangadu, Thangal area (kaladipet section).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337287", "title": "Four arrested for robbery, vehicle thefts at Wakad", "text": "PUNE: Arrest of four criminals on police record at Wakad on Monday helped the Hinjewadi police solve several cases of waylaying and vehicle thefts reported in the city recently. Six motorcycles worth Rs 1.79 lakh have been seized from their possession.Babu Kurhade, 19, his older brother Santosh, 25, Rohit Kamble and Pranjal Ghanvat, both 19, robbed three youths at Bhumkar Chowk near Wakad late on Wednesday night. Senior police inspector Ganpatrao Madgulkar said they first threatened 22-year-old Vishal Mahendra Ahirrao with a fake pistol. Ahirrao, an employee of a software company, had come to pick up a relative. They snatched about thousand rupees from him. Ahirrao did not lodge a complaint and left for Walhekarwadi.Babu and Santosh then targeted one Rohit Sasane of Thergaon who was waiting at the same spot to catch a bus to his native place in Satara. They beat up Sasane and took away Rs 1,000 and his identity card. When Sasane raised an alarm, one Sachin Ramchandra Pawar ran to him for help. Babu and Santosh left Sasane and started beating Pawar. He somehow managed to escape and informed the police control room about the incident. \"The control room was told that the incident happened at Wakad bridge, so our team reached the spot. But we found nothing there,\" said Madgulkar.Meanwhile, on his way back to Walhekarwadi, Vishal Ahirrao noticed a police van at Dange Chowk. \"He changed his mind and informed the policemen about the incident. Accordingly, six policemen rushed to the spot on their motorcycles,\" Madgulkar said.On seeing the police, the brothers started running. Babu was caught after a brief chase but Santosh escaped. \"Babu gave the names of his brother, Rohit Kamble and Pranjal Ghanwat, who were arrested from Nigdi and Dehu Road areas. During interrogation, we came to know that the gang had recently robbed one Satishkumar Savriya Agrawal of Kaspte Vasti, Wakad and one Vishwajeet Adhikari at Hinjewadi. They also accepted their involvement in a robbery at Pimple Nilkah,\" Madgulkar said.Assistant police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Dhananjay Jagdale said the police have seized six motorcycles from Babu, which he had stolen from Hinjewadi, Chinchwad, Bhosari, Vishrantwadi and Dehu Road areas recently.Babu Kurhade has seven cases registered against him while his brother Santosh has two. Kamble and Ghanwat also have a police record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336988", "title": "Bike crashes into flyover wall, engineering student dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A 22-year-old engineering student died and another suffered serious head injuries after their motorcycle crashed against the wall on Hebbal flyover early on Monday.Police said both were drunk when they met with the accident at 3am. Nikhil Narayanan and Sagar Gowda of Sri M Visvesvaraya College of Engineering , were speeding on their Bajaj Pulsar bike and miscalculated the left turn towards Tumkur Road. Sagar has been admitted to Nimhans with serious head injuries. Police said Nikhil was speeding as the road was deserted. After getting on to the flyover, they were to take a left at the diversion towards Tumkur Road. They were about to cross the junction when Nikhil turned the bike swiftly to the left and lost control over the vehicle. It skidded for a few metres before crashing on to the wall of the flyover. \"We think they were going to Nikhil's house at Vidyaranyapura ,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339116", "title": "'She' gets more care from Mani", "text": "This year too women's empowerment through Kerala Kudumbasree initiative got a special impetus in the budget. Mission officials rue that they got less than what they asked for. The budget allocated Rs 84 crore for community-based projects though it had asked for Rs 125 crore. Incidentally, the allocation is also less than last year's Rs 100 crore.Mission officials, who have been busy with the bypoll and financial year-end works, are now planning for new programmes and strategies. \"By April we will have a clear picture on projects. Since there is fund shortage, we can go ahead with our plans,\" said a Mission official. Currently, the Mission is focussing on programmes aimed at social development, women empowerment and local economic development. Kudumbasree's micro-finance campaign, which helped in improving the financial security of women, will also be beefed up. The budget has also allocated Rs 1 crore to form self-help groups in the model of Kudumbasree involving women from minority communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336033", "title": "Eurocopter gets 3 new bookings", "text": "HYDERABAD: The five-day civil aviation mega show India Aviation 2012 has proven to be lucrative for Eurocopter India.The helicopter giant said it had snagged three new bookings for light and medium class helicopters including an AS350 B3e, EC135 and EC155 from corporate customers at the just-concluded show in the city. The choppers will be delivered within this year.While GR Constructions ordered an AS350 B3e for business use, two undisclosed customers booked EC 135 and 155 for corporate travel, the company said in a communique. The twin-engine aircrafts offer comfortable rides both for passenger transport and business aviation. In corporate configuration, an EC135 can seat up to six passengers, while EC155 can take up to nine, the company said.\"Business aviation is one of the key segments that is driving the growth of the helicopter market in India. These bookings mark a good start to the year,\" Xavier Hay, CEO, Eurocopter India, said in a statement. He said that the company would continue working on developing other segments such as emergency medical services, law enforcement, utility and aerial work in India, where Eurocopter claims a 65% market share of total deliveries in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336595", "title": "Farmers, banks hail farm loan ATM cards", "text": "NAGPUR: The central government's Budget announcement that it will convert the Kisan Credit card (KCC) into a smart card, which can be used as an ATM card by farmers to withdraw loan money, is being widely welcomed by bankers and the farming community. Though both sections do not deny the possibility of misuse of the card, they are seeing the provision more as an add on facility.Swapnil Dhote is an engineer with a MBA degree who has taken up agriculture as a full time profession in Katol tehsil of Nagpur district. He agrees that a small section of farmers (about 10%) could misuse the facility and use the money for purposes other than agriculture. But he feels that the ATM card is a very good facility, which could help farmers procure agricultural inputs like fertilizers and seeds as and when they are needed.\"In fact, earlier most farmers would withdraw the credit in one go and spend it on other purposes as well. But now they know that the money is available to them whenever they need it, so they will utilize it more judiciously,\" he said.Dhote feels that ATM facility will allow educated and progressive farmers to buy equipment or new variety of seeds etc from agricultural fairs in big cities annually. \"You generally don't carry much money to such places. But with the card we can buy new equipment, seeds or fertilizers,\" he added.Another farmer, Narendra Dhakore from Sindhi Umri village in Narkhed tehsil, reiterates Dhote's views. He says that earlier farmers would only utilize 25% of the loan for agriculture and spend the rest on personal expenses. \"But now it would be utilized better than ever before,\" he remarked.Diliprao Gaikwad from Yerla village in Katol tehsil too supports his fellow farmers' views, and believes that the card would be a handy tool for farmers. He said farmers can now procure inputs from nearest tehsil market without wasting time visiting the bank.However, Deepak Bute, an agriculture graduate and farmer feels the card would be widely misused for personal expenditure.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari argues that the loan made available to farmers through KCC or any institutional credit facility is too meagre as compared to actual cultivation cost. But he sees the ATM card as a positive step towards helping farmers.\"Institutional credit is always better than borrowing money from moneylenders. If the card is linked to nationalized banks, there is no harm in using it. I do not see any harm in a farmer utilizing the money for treatment or medicines as long as he returns it to the bank. At least he will not fall into the debt trap of moneylenders,\" he said.Suhas Ghugal, zonal manger (credit) for Bank of India, which is the lead bank for agriculture loans in the region, says that most farmers honestly return the loans as it opens doors for availing larger amounts. The ATM card would definitely facilitate withdrawal by farmers at the right time, he said.\"When the bank fixes the loan amount it is careful to check the repaying capacity and farmer's track record in returning loans. So I feel farmers will benefit from the scheme as they will save on the time spent in banks, or the risk of withdrawing the amount in one instalment,\" he said.Ghugal however wants a change in the disbursement period. \"At present, banks are asked to start giving loans only after the agricultural process for the season begins, instead of giving the loan earlier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336475", "title": "Coming, a new plan for National Capital Region", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government is all set to introduce a new sub-regional plan for the districts coming in the ambit of national capital region. The development comes a day after Akhilesh Yadav distributed the portfolios to his ministers, while retaining various crucial departments including housing and urban development. The districts which will come under the ambit of the new plan include Ghaziabad, Baghpat, Gautam Budh Nagar, Meerut, Bulandshahr and the newly carved-out Panchsheel Nagar.However, the plan will not include Aligarh and Mathura, which were affected by the massive farmers' agitation against land acquisition. Details of the plan will be finalised soon.On Monday, senior officials of the housing department met chief secretary Anoop Mishra to chalk out a detailed outline of the plan that aims to sketch out the infrastructural needs in the six districts coming under the NCR, in a bid to contain the explosive growth Delhi registered in the past one decade.Termed as a 'perspective plan for the NCR region', the plan comes after a gap of 10 years and will take into account the needs of half a dozen towns till 2031. Sources in the housing department said that this sub-regional plan will be soon put up in the steering committee meeting of the NCR Planning Board.\"Planning is being done within the framework of the NCR Plan 2001, which was revised in 2005. And accordingly infrastructural facilities like road, flyovers, metro rail will be developed in these cities,\" said another senior official of the housing department. Experts point out that to have a balanced development of the NCR, it is also required that various proposals, strategies, projects to provide the essential services and core infrastructure like shelter, water, sewerage, sewage treatment, solid waste management, drainage, power, transport, etc are also implemented in a time bound manner by the constituent state governments, central ministries and their concerned departments and agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334680", "title": "BMC unlikely to meet revenue target", "text": "BHOPAL: With a revenue collection of Rs 87 crore so far, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) seems unlikely to achieve its target of Rs 150 crore during the current fiscal.\"We have already collected Rs. 15 crore more than the previous financial year,\" revenue officer Pradeep Verma said. \"We are trying our level best to achieve the target,\" he added.The BMC recovered around Rs 61 lakh from the tax defaulters on Sunday. The corporation also disconnected more than 57 water connections for non payment of water cess, a BMC spokesman informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337446", "title": "4 unnatural deaths in city on Monday", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city, which is already grappling with the steep hike in criminal activities, witnessed four unnatural deaths in separate incidents on Monday. While one person was killed in an accident, another was murdered and two others are suspected to have committed suicide.The first incident occurred at 3 am on Monday in Kharguli area when autorickshaw driver Prafulla Das found his wife Hima Deka hanging to the ventilator of his house when he returned home from work. \"Prafulla and Hima were newly married and were doing well in their family life,\" said Hima's father Bishoy Baishya. The Latasil PS has already initiated an enquiry in the case and send the body for post-mortem.At around 6.45am, the Kushal Nagar area woke up to the news that carpenter Shankar Paul ha been murdered during the night. An officer of the Chandmari PS said he was killed by an unknown person with a sharp weapon.Topeshwar Deka was found hanging in a garage that he worked in at 8.30 am, said an investing officer. Topeshwar, originally from Nalbari district's Goghrapar town, was a mechanic at the garage for more than one year. At around 11.30am, an angry mob damaged three trucks, an ambulance and a traffic police van after a truck ran over Khamin Kalita at the Mothghoriya area in Noonmati while he was talking to a person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "baghdad", "code": "12339844", "title": "Blasts across Iraqi cities kill at least 22", "text": "BAGHDAD: At least 22 people were killed in a series of blasts in Iraqi cities on Tuesday, police and health sources said, the latest in a spate of violence ahead of next week's Arab League summit in Baghdad. The deadliest attack was in the southern Shi'ite holy city of Kerbala, where two explosions killed at least nine people and wounded 40, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337103", "title": "\u2018Budget a disappointment\u2019", "text": "SURAT: The budget 2012-13 presented by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was as a major disappointment for common tax-payers of the country, Mukesh Patel, a prominent tax consultant and a key member of TOI's Troika on Budget Ho To Aisa-2012, said here on Monday.He said this is the most complex budget of the last 25 years and that tax professionals will have to burn midnight oil to understand the complex provisions introduced in the finance bill.Addressing a gathering of traders, industrialists and people from different walks of life at a public meeting on the 'Analysis of Union budget-2012-13' organized jointly by Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI) and Southern Gujarat Income Tax Bar Association, Patel said, \"the budget looks like a juicy mango, but tastes like a bland papya.\"Patel said the tax relief granted in the budget 2012 is not only inadequate but also deceptive. In announcing the much expected Rs 2,00,000 personal income tax exemption limit - from the current limit of Rs 1,80,000-the Union finance minister has disappointed the lady taxpayer and the senior citizen by not making any significant increase in their respective exemption limits of Rs 1,90,000 and Rs 2,50,000.When Sachin Tendulkar hit his 100th century on the budget day, the finance minister went ahead to introduce about 113 clauses or provisions in the finance bill. Some of the provision could be treated as backdoor entry for Direct Tax Code (DTC) provision already rejected by a parliamentary panel.Talking about a white paper on black money as announced by the Union finance minister, Patel said, \"The black money of Indians in Swiss banks and other tax havens is estimated to be around Rs 75 lakh crore. Even if the government is successful in bringing 5 per cent of it, its fiscal deficit of around Rs 4,12,00 crore can be bridged.\"Patel said introduction of Alternate Minimum Tax ( AMT) for companies, partnership firms etc, TaxCollection at Source (TSC) of one per cent on bullion and gold jewellery transactions above Rs 2 lakh, flat deduction of 30 per cent on undisclosed money recovered during income tax search and seizure operation etc. are going to have a far reaching effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12336009", "title": "Dancers on a day\u2019s fast to protest restrictions", "text": "MADURAI: Stage dance artistes on Monday observed a one-day token fast urging the police to relax the restrictions imposed on them to conduct stage dance programmes during festive seasons.Around 500 artists sat at the fast venue near Kalavasal and most of them came as lookalikes of late MGR, Sivaji, Jayalalithaa, Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan.K Ranjith Kumar, president of the Southern District Stage Dance Artists Welfare Association said, \"We all started our profession three decades ago. We are pushed to starvation due to stringent action of the city police and district police by way of denial of permission for our programmes. For two years or so, the police have been denying permission for stage dance programmes during festival seasons. Then, the organisers are being pushed to approach the court for permission. As the organisers were also pushed to incur extra costs to invite us to perform, they are not coming forward to invite us.\"\"All we want the police to do is to put any conditions on our performances and we are ready to abide by it. Otherwise we will continue to starve,\" he added.They also questioned the rationale behind allowing obscenity in the name of TV serials like notable dance programmes in televisions, but preventing stage dance programmes from functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336126", "title": "British diplomat to visit Nashik", "text": "Nashik: The British deputy high commissioner for western India, Peter Beckingham, will be making his first visit to Nashik for two days from Wednesday to explore potential business opportunities between the UK and Nashik. He will lead a team of trade and investment advisors.In Nashik, he is scheduled to call on government officials, leading companies and business persons. He will also lead an interaction by the delegation with the members of Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association ( NIMA) and Ambad Industries and Manufactures' Association ( AIMA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334828", "title": "\u2018National Urban Health Mission to enhance access to urban poor\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Introduction of National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) in the Union budget 2012 may address the primary healthcare needs of nearly 40% of the city's population living in slums.Health care experts in city believe that the newly launched mission will enhance access of urban poor to healthcare services and their standard of living.As per the records of Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC), there are nearly 500 slums in city without proper lighting, sanitation, roads, drainage and water supply facilities. Water-logging and poor management of garbage in these areas frequently cause water-borne diseases, respiratory diseases and diarrhoea among the residents.According to sources, an estimated population of 5-6 lakh living in slums faces health problems like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, but the health department remains unaware of it.Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, community medicine at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, said, \"There is need to develop infrastructure to address urban health. Recruitment of USHA (urban social health activist) workers on the lines of ASHA (accredited social health activist) needs to be done. Quite a few agencies are working in these areas but the launch of NUHM would definitely help if work is done in the right direction.\"Meanwhile, health department is focusing on awareness and education programmes in slum areas of the city to motivate people and participate in the activities of the department.Dr Sharad Pandit, chief medical and health officer, said, \"We lack infrastructure in slums. Lack of facilities in these areas is also a hurdle to achieve Millennium Development Goals. But, implementation of NUHM will definitely help.\"However, a section of experts see it as a mere eyewash. They feel that the announcement was made without proper planning and financial allocation.Chinmay Mishra of Swasthya Adhikar Manch said, \"Services provided in the mission can help to some extent, but chances are less that the NUHM will be able to serve the real and complete purpose. There is no allocation to the newly introduced mission. Underutilization of funds is already plaguing NRHM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335192", "title": "Two arrested for printing fake certificates", "text": "Mumbai: The city crime branch arrested two persons involved in the printing of fake school, domicile and succession certificates, state gazette, election cards, SRA documents, PAN cards and driving licences.Police inspectors Venkat Patil and Vinayak Vast raided the Goregaon house of Dayanand Vijay Bansi and seized printers, computers, scanners, binding machines, hologram markings and other material used for printing. Though Bansi is an accused, the police have not arrested him as he is paralyzed.Bansi's interrogation led police to two agents, Parvez Makrani (34) and Dharamjeet Mishra (45), who were arrested. \"Bansi is the mastermind, but he never came in direct public contact as the agents arranged customers,\" said Himanshu Roy , joint commissioner of police (crime). The police are now trying to find the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12336217", "title": "\u2018Together for Margao\u2019 demands action from MMC", "text": "MARGAO: \" Together for Margao\" (TfM), a group consisting of various social and cultural institutions and prominent individuals, have sought action from the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) within 15 days, over several issues that were pointed out to the civic body more than a year ago.In a letter addressed to the chairperson and chief officer of the MMC, the TfM has pointed out that it had brought to the MMC's notice that rubble and construction debris was dumped at various places in the city, that footpaths were damaged, and unauthorized hand carts and hawkers were causing traffic jams in several parts of the city.\"We had requested you to look into the matter and rectify the discrepancies within a month, but till today you have not taken any action nor have you replied to our letter,\" said the letter signed by president Vinayak Mordekar and treasurer Jose Maria Miranda.Speaking to TOI, Mordekar said the TfM was formed with the basic objective to discuss the core civic issues affecting the citizens and subsequently draw a plan of action to redress the issues with the civic administration and get in more public administration.\"Our team intends to implement the solutions incorporated in the plan of action by first conducting a survey of the issues at hand, therafter submitting representations to the respective authorities with solutions, and finally setting a deadline for them to act, failing which, a further course of action will be chalked out in the larger interest of the society,\" Mordekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335936", "title": "Illegal drug trials: National Human Rights Commission notice to Andhra Pradesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Annoyed at the non-submission of reports with regard to unauthorised clinical drug trials in Andhra Pradesh, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Monday asked the health ministry and state officials to respond within six weeks or face action under the law.The commission had sent notices to the Union health secretary, secretary of the Indian Council of Medical Research, drug controller general of India and Andhra Pradesh chief secretary last year, asking them to file reports with regard to unauthorised drug trials on six women in the state.\"The commission has now asked them to submit these within six weeks positively failing which the NHRC may invoke the provisions contained in Section 13 of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993,\" an official statement said.While issuing notices in June last year, the NHRC had also directed its investigation team to ascertain the facts that 25 poor women in Guntur were lured to take part in a cancer drug trial by a Hyderabad-based pharmaceutical company.After taking the drug, six women had to be hospitalised for complications, media reports had said.Subsequently, the state and central authorities concerned were asked again to send reports on September 26 and December 5, 2011, the release said.The only communication received from the drug controller general of India, dated July 7, 2011, stated that all the drug trials were required to be conducted as per 'Good Clinical Practices' guidelines issued by the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO), it said.\"However, there was no specific response to the issues raised by the commission in its notices to him. Neither a copy of GCT guidelines was submitted,\" the release said.The investigation team of NHRC found that there were eight more laboratories in Hyderabad in addition to Axis Clinicals Ltd which were conducting clinical drug trials.The team had asked the health secretary of AP to properly assess the health condition of the villagers and ensure suitable compensation for the victims.It also asked the CDSCO to conduct a proper study in various parts of India to ensure that the guidelines on clinical drug trials were adhered to.\"The amount paid to the volunteers for drug trials needed to be adequately increased and it should be monitored by CDSCO,\" the NHRC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12336633", "title": "Excise sleuths hunt for 55 wanted illicit liquor traders in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Excise sleuths and police are on the lookout for 55 absconders involved in illegal selling or manufacturing of liquors in the district.Assistant excise commissioner of Bokaro Kaushal Kumar has sought the help of district police for arresting the absconders to curb illicit selling of liquor. Following the request, Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi has directed all police stations of the district to conduct raids and catch the absconders.Kumar has apprised Dwivedi and deputy commissioner (DC) Sunil Kumar about the success achieved by his department by arresting 335 people between April 2011 and February on charges of selling liquor illegally in the market. He also provided a list containing the names of 55 people who managed to flee at the time of raid. Of the absconders, Santosh Mandal (40), a resident of Bermo, is on the most wanted list.According to the list, 35 accused of Bermo subdivision while 20 of them operated in Bokaro. Mandal, a big fish of the illegal trade, has a wide network in neighbouring districts. Apart from him, there are some absconders who are hotel owners and shopkeepers, said a source of the department.Kumar said majority of the accused were involved in illegal sale of liquor. There are 106 licensed shops besides six licensed bars in the district. The absconders used to stock and sell the liquor bringing it illegally from West Bengal and neighboring districts. \"There are many brands of liquor bottles and beer which are available at cheaper rates in neighbouring districts which they bring and sell here for profit,\" said Kumar.The excise officer said in this financial year they had instituted 125 cases in the district court. Besides, many of the accused were released after collecting fine from them. The excise department has collected Rs 13.17 lakh as fine this year which is almost double the fine collected in 2010-11 of Rs 5.6 lakh. Till March, the excise sleuths seized 1652 litres of IMFL of various brands, 607 litres of beer, 320 litres of country-made liquor and 381.14 litres of Mahua by conducting raids at different places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338904", "title": "Seaport-Airport Road in Kochi to be concretized", "text": "The budgetary allocation for concreting a stretch of the Seaport-Airport Road in Kochi will be a new experiment to maintain quality of roads. The Roads and Bridges Development Corporation of Kerala (RBDCK) has already submitted a proposal for concreting the 11-km stretch of this road from HMT Junction to Tripunithura . If found to be a success, concreting will replace the bituminized concreting method now being used for laying roads in the state. Though short-distance stretches have already been concreted, it will be for the first time that such a long stretch is concreted.\"We have already sent a proposal to concrete 11-km stretch of the road. Once we get funds, we will be able to start the procedures for concreting,\" said APM Mohammed Hanish, managing director, RBDCK.The total length of the proposed Seaport-Airport Road is about 30 km. According to the present plan, the project is to be completed in three phases . Though the first phase has been completed, the second and third phases are in cold storage, land acquisition being the major hurdle. Though the finance minister has declared a budgetary allocation of Rs 55 crore for the coastal roads in the state, the amount is too meagre as Kerala has around 600 km of coastal stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340222", "title": "Madhur Bhandarkar to direct 'Ramana' in Hindi?", "text": "Director Madhur Bhandarkar might direct the Hindi remake of superhit Tamil movie 'Ramana'.There is a buzz that Madhur Bhandarkar would direct the Hindi version of 'Ramana' of the 2002 Tamil blockbuster movie, which was written and directed by A R Murgadoss, who also made the superhit 'Ghajini'.\"Nothing has been finalised on the hindi remake of the tamil film Ramanna. Its too early to say anything on it!!!,\" Bhandarkar wrote on twitter.'Ramana' deals with the issue of corruption.According to reports, Bhandarkar would direct the Hindi remake for filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali .Reportedly, actor Shahrukh Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan would act in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12336356", "title": "Panda appears to clinch position with hostage drama", "text": "Bhubaneswar: Was it promotion of tribal tourism that led to Maoists kidnapping two Italians? Or, is it linked to Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda's reported decline in strength due to arrest and surrender of several of his aides?While the Red guerillas would want us to believe that the former is the reason for abduction of Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, police officers view the development as Panda`s growing desperation not just over weakening of his support base within the outlawed CPI (Maoist) but also the over two-year-old incarceration of his wife Subhashree alias Mili Panda.Some cops even smell the possibility of Panda, who is secretary, Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC), preparing the ground for his possible surrender. Within the last few months, hardcore Maoists like Duna Keshava Rao alias Azad, Prakash Behera and his wife Sabitra Biswal, Toofan Sahu, Rita and Sangeet Pradhan surrendered before police. Others such as Girish Mahato, Cheda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, Azad, Mili Panda, and Shatrugna Biswal alias Mangu were arrested. Moreover, in recent weeks Panda alias Sunil has supported CM Naveen Patnaik`s stand on National Counter Terrorism Centre and also not criticized Naveen in his latest statement on Monday. Besides, Maoist-backed Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha voted for BJD zilla parishad candidate in Koraput zilla parishad president polls on March 13. All these, some feel, could be aimed at Panda cosying up to the ruling BJD.However, Maoist sympathizers feel Panda has no plans to give up arms and is rather eyeing a bigger role in the Maoist hierarchy, possibly to succeed slain Maoist Kishenji as CPI (Maoist) central committee member holding charge of a key region.Maoist watchers believe the abduction, coming as it does in the wake of the `human safari` controversy involving tourism in areas inhabited by particularly vulnerable tribal groups, is well-calculated and aimed at attracting tribals to the Maoist ranks.\"Panda`s support among tribals has suffered considerably, especially in Kandhamal district, since 2008 when he claimed responsibility for assassination of Hindu seer Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati (it had sparked ethno-communal riots leaving at least 40 dead). Tribals saw Saraswati as their saviour, hence begun opposing Maoists. Unlike other places where Maoists thrive on tribal support, in Kandhamal the rebels have been banking on non-tribals, particularly the Pana-Christian community,\" pointed out an analyst.\"In recent months, owing to various factors, including growing dominance of Maoists like Modem Balakrishna and Apparao from Andhra Pradesh in OSOC activities, rift between Maoist cadres from Odisha and those from Chhattisgarh and the alleged murder by Maoists of fellow cadre Rabi Kumar (over a month ago), have resulted in significant desertions in extremist ranks. This has seemingly forced Panda to rethink his strategies and attempt at attracting tribals by talking against tourists` exploitation of tribals,\" the analyst added.With the `human safari` row fresh in public mind, Panda apparently wants to draw international attention to the tribal cause, knowingly fully well he could through this gain human rights activists' sympathies akin to Dr Binayak Sen , whose imprisonment in Chhattisgarh had witnessed protests from many distinguished personalities of Europe, sources said. Though abduction of two Europeans could eventually derive negative publicity for Maoists as well as India, Panda, who has thus far not succeeded in replicating Kishenji`s Lalgarh model example in Odisha, is possibly looking at some tough bargaining with the state government. By doing so, he stands to benefit, sources said, explaining, from the personal angle he might secure release of his wife, from the Maoist angle he could become important by grabbing headlines and fulfilling some of the ultras` demands and, if circumstances compel, from a possible mainstream political angle, do the ground work for laying down arms and open opportunities to contest elections in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336980", "title": "Power pow-wow hangs heavy over session", "text": "Uncertainty hangs over the 10-day budget session beginning Tuesday , as the ruling BJP engages in an internecine power struggle. Will chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda present the state budget for 2012-13 ? Will this be the last session of the legislature assembly ? Will Yeddyurappa and his supporters attend the session? Will the opposition move a no-confidence motion against Gowda?These are the questions doing the rounds ahead of the session, which in all likelihood will be stormy. The opposition camp is set to put the ruling BJP on the mat over its internal bickering on leadership . \"Don't have any doubts. I will present the budget,\" Gowda claimed on Monday.Indicating what's in store, the opposition Congress demanded dismissal of the state government and imposition of President's rule, saying there is 'zero governance' in the wake of the internal bickering. \"Governor H R Bhardwaj should recommend dissolution of the state assembly as governance has hit a roadblock,\" KPCC president G Parameshwara told reporters.CM B S Yeddyurappa, who is leading the revolt against Gowda and has set a 48-hour deadline, is expected to boycott the first day of the session , dedicated for paying tribute to departed leaders, including V S Acharya. The second day will be crucial, when Gowda presents his maiden budget.The Congress and JD(S) are likely to take advantage of the political crisis in the BJP and may consider moving a no-confidence motion against the Gowda ministry, if the saffron party fails to resolve the leadership tangle.The extended session, minus question hour for the first three days, is expected to be stormy over the Porngate scandal , and the government's failure to solve drought. The advocates' agitation against the media and police is expected to add to the heat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337307", "title": "Quantum of punishment in Jyotikumari case today", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Monday deferred the sentencing in the rape and murder of BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhari till Tuesday, after hearing the arguments from the prosecution and defence.Badar had pronounced the accused Purshottam Borate (30) and his friend Pradeep Kokade (24), both residents of Dehu Road, guilty on charges of criminal conspiracy, rape, murder and misappropriating property, on Saturday.Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam pleaded that the accused be sentenced to death as they had committed the rape and murder of a young woman in a brutal manner.Nikam said it was Jyotikumari's last working day at the office on November 1, 2007, but the accused hatched a criminal conspiracy and drove her in the cab to a remote spot while she was talking on her cellphone and then raped her.According to Nikam, the accused then cut her nerves, inflicted three injuries on her body with a sharp weapon and brutally strangled her to death.Nikam argued that the case had a huge impact on society, especially on the minds of women working in the IT sector.Opposing the prosecution's plea, defence lawyer Atul Patil pleaded that the accused be sentenced to life imprisonment as they were young and thus should get an opportunity to rehabilitate themselves. Patil pleaded for a lenient view while awarding punishment as the accused were the sole bread-earning members in their respective families.When Badar asked the accused to make submissions regarding the sentence, they filed a two-page signed memorandum in Marathi. The memorandum stated that they would have been acquitted if 'fake' lawyer Mahendra Kawchale, whose licence to practice was revoked by the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, had continued to represent them.The memorandum reads that the court had turned down the plea of the accused to continue with the services of Kawchale after his licence was revoked and that there was no evidence of rape against them. The letter says the prosecution hadn't examined officials of the BPO where the victim worked.The prosecution, after reading out the memorandum, told the court that the accused have not shown any remorse and pleaded for a death sentence, saying the instance falls within the category of rarest of rare cases.On November 1, 2007, 22-year-old Chaudhari was picked up by the accused from her Pashan residence in a car to drop her to her company in Hinjewadi. The accused drove her to a remote spot where they raped and murdered her.The Talegaon Dabhade police recovered her body near a field in Gahunje village on the Mumbai-Pune expressway on November 2. The duo was arrested on November 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12336939", "title": "New ISI chief in before key House meet", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The new chiefs of ISI and Pakistan air force on Monday assumed office, a day ahead of a crucial parliamentary session that will determine the contours of future relations with the US.Lt general Zaheer-ul-Islam went to the ISI headquarters at Aabpara to take charge as the new director general of the powerful spy agency. He replaced Lt general Ahmed Shuja Pasha, who completed his tenure on Sunday.Meanwhile, air marshal Tahir Rafique Butt took over as the new chief of the Pakistan air force at a ceremony held at the headquarters. Outgoing air chief marshal Rao Qamar Suleman formally handed over the PAF's sword of command to Butt.The officers took over the key positions a day before a joint session of the senate and National Assembly convened by president Asif Ali Zardari to define new terms of engagement with the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337337", "title": "Jewellers to continue strike till Wednesday", "text": "PUNE: Two thousand jewellers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad will continue their strike till Wednesday following directives from the all India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF).The nation-wide strike began on Saturday and was called to protest against the increase in taxes on gold and jewellery in the Budget 2012.The federation, including representatives of the Pune Saraf Association, will meet Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Tuesday to seek his intervention for a rollback of the taxes.The strike is in solidarity with jewellers from across the country who had announced a three-day strike from Saturday to protest the imposition of fresh taxes by the finance minister on Friday. Five states have been on an indefinite strike, while Maharashtra has extended its support by continuing the strike for another two days.In the Budget, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced a 2% rise in import duty on gold, proposed an increase in excise duty on unbranded precious jewellery and doubled the customs duty on standard gold from 2% to 4%.Fatehchand Ranka, president of the Maharashtra State Jewellery Federation and Pune Saraf Association, said, \"Four representatives from the Pune Saraf Association will be attending the Tuesday meeting with Pawar and will be part of the delegation from GJF. Jewellers are traders, while excise is meant for the manufacturing sector. We cannot be brought under the ambit of Central Excise.\" He added that the strike has had the jewellery sector witness losses up to the tune of crores of rupees.Meanwhile, after a meeting with officials from the central excise on Saturday, those in Pune Saraf association and other jewellers have begun to register with the Central Excise. \"We have been issued notices by the Central Board of Excise and Customs to start registering with them and begin paying excise duty from March 17. We have started registrations because we will have to abide by the law till any amendment is made,\" said city jeweller Shailesh Ranka.Nitin Ashtekar, secretary, Maharashtra State Jewellery Federation, said, \"The Central Excise duty was earlier levied on branded jewelry. Bringing unbranded jewellery under its ambit will directly affect the unorganised sector of jewellers that deal in it. The imposition of these taxes will also increase gold prices for the consumer, who will then be paying 6% more for every unit of gold. This means that for every unit of gold, a consumer will have to pay Rs 1,800 more.\"The nation-wide strike began on Saturday, to protest against the increase in taxes on gold and jewellery in Budget 2012. The federation will meet Union minister Sharad Pawar on Tuesday to seek his intervention for a rollback of taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334761", "title": "Third shooter to be produced in court", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), probing the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, will produce Tabish Khan, the third alleged contract killer involved in the crime, in the CBI court in Indore on Tuesday.Tabish Khan, who was arrested from Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh is being brought before the specially-designated CBI court here.\"We have picked up Tabish Khan from Kanpur. He is suspected to have shot the RTI activist. After producing him before a court in Lucknow, he is being brought to Indore on transit remand,\" CBI sources told TOI.Tabish is said to be a cousin of Saqib Ali alias 'Danger', who allegedly took the contract money to eliminate Shehla Masood.One of the alleged shooters, Shanu, involved in the crime, was earlier killed in Uttar Pradesh in an incident unrelated to the RTI activist's murder.Meanwhile, another accused, Irfan, on Monday underwent polygraph test in New Delhi, CBI sources said.The CBI had interrogated BJP legislator Dhruv Narayan Singh, son of former chief minister Govind Narayan Singh, also underwent polygraph test in New Delhi.According to investigators, Shehla Masood's murder was allegedly planned by interior designer Zaheda Parvez who was jealous of the activist's close friendship with the BJP legislator. She and her friend Saba were arrested earlier this month.Both the women accused had earlier consented to undergo a lie- detector test but later they avoided it.The RTI activist was found shot inher car at her residence in the city in August last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336991", "title": "'Women safe in Gurgaon, issue blown out of proportion'", "text": "Gurgaon police plans to introduce many new initiatives to keep a close watch on the Mall Mile. DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal , in whose jurisdiction MG Road falls, tells Aditya Dev that their focus would be on weeding out troublemakers from the area .Gurgaon is being termed as an unsafe city for the fairer sex. What is your take? Gurgaon is still a safe place for women. The recent gang rape was almost a blind one, but the police solved it in the shortest time and arrested the culprits. Let's not blow the incident out of proportion. Women can freely move in the city.What steps have been taken by the police to prevent such incidents? One has to understand that the police are also working under many constraints. There is a shortage of staff, which is why there are many who are putting in many more hours than they are required to. We are planning a series of initiatives to plug the loopholes. It includes installation of CCTVs on the whole stretch with the help of mall owners, increasing the number of patrolling vehicles (from two to four) and deployment of women cops on night duty among others. An ACP will also be on night duty to supervise.How do you plan to tackle the issue of women escorts outside pubs? Police cannot ask them to leave. On what charges can you remove them? Police cannot act as a moral brigade. We can only act in cases when there is a complaint. Vigilance and security are the only things in our purview. You cannot wish away crimes from occurring.What do you seek to achieve by deploying women cops at night? It is a very important initiative. Altogether 27 women cops have been deployed on MG Road and at five Metro stations. Of them, 12 will be on the road (six in a PCR van and the rest at a police post outside Sahara Mall), while the rest 15 will be equally distributed on each of the five Metro stations (three each) between 8pm and 11pm. Women feel less hesitant in approaching them. They have been directed to sensitively handle cases.How will you ensure that such incidents are not repeated? We will focus on barring entry of notorious elements to pubs. We will also appeal to the public to be vigilant when they venture out late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12336590", "title": "Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda takes technical leeway to shun questions in assembly", "text": "RANCHI: Legislators seemed to be less satisfied with the Chief Minister's Question Hour on Monday when Arjun Munda tried avoiding most of the questions on technical grounds. While answering some of them, he said the question was politically motivated, he rejected a few saying the queries were not concerning \"policy matter\" which is the basic guideline for raising questions during the stipulated slot.Munda tried to reject question raised by Congress MLA Chandrika Mahatha on the government's plan for payment of compensation to educated unemployed youth. \"Though the state is making its best efforts, there is no harm if people from our state are venturing to other states in search of greener pastures,\" Munda said adding that the question was politically motivated and did not concern policy matters.The chief minister was, however, interrupted by speaker C P Singh who said the questions were picked up carefully and Mahatha's query was pertinent. Munda, however, confined his answer to saying that paying unemployment compensation had financial implications and only the council of ministers could take a decision on such matters.Likewise when Pradeep Yadav of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha sought to know the government's opinion about extending 50% reservation to women in appointment of candidates in the health and education department, given the fact that the government has announced to observe 2012 as 'bitia varsh' (Year of Daughters), Munda said there was a reservation formula in place according to which people of every category would get the benefit. \"We try to give priority to women in appointments and attention is being paid to identify such places,\" he said.Munda also avoided answering issue raised by independent MLA Chamra Linda who asked if the government had any plans to tighten nose around Scheduled Area Regulation (SAR) courts that have been allowing compensation and disposal of tribal land even if there was no construction whereas the SAR Act mandated compensation only when some construction was there on the land.Replying to this Munda said the act takes care of such things and the government is trying to ensure that the pros and cons of the act are studied in larger perspective to set things on track.When Banna Gupta of the Congress raised issue of correction in the BPL list, Munda said he along with chief ministers from other states had taken up the matter with the Union of India during a National Development Council (NDC) meeting. \"We all have suggested constitution of a national commission that would review the identification parameters and number of BPL families in the country because most of the schemes are made keeping them under consideration, yet there is a big confusion in every state about their exact number and eligibility,\" Munda said.He answered in affirmation to two questions, one by CPI(ML) MLA Vinod Singh and another by RJD MLA Annapurna Devi. Singh asked about increasing the age of retirement of university teachers to 65 years as has been recommended by the UGC and already adopted in many states, including neighbouring Bihar, whereas Annapurna asked about plans of the government to introduce right to health scheme in the state on lines of right to education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336375", "title": "Kalbe Jawwad meets &amp; congratulates Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad Naqvi met Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav at his residence on Sunday to congratulate him for the party's sweeping victory in the assembly polls and sought ministerial berth for a member of the Shia sect in Uttar Pradesh.He said that the 20% Shias of UP had contributed substantially to SP's victory and therefore deserved a representation in the council of ministers. He also said that people with clean image should be made part of the Waqf Board.He said that SP should create pressure on the Centre for maintaining better ties with Iran and release senior journalist Mohd Ahmad Kazmi, arrested in connection with the bomb attack on an Israeli embassy car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12335558", "title": "5 more held in CPM leaders' murder case", "text": "Burdwan: CID officers on Monday arrested five more persons from Mirzapur for their alleged involvement in the murder of CPM leaders Pradip Ta and Kamal Gayen. With this, the tally of the arrested persons in the case rose to 11.Those held on Monday - Tapas Samanta, Narayan Samanta, Uday Mondal, Amar Sain and Rana Mukherjee alias Tushar Bhattacharjee - was sent to five days of CID custody after they were produced before the Burdwan chief judicial magistrate later in the day. All of them will be produced before the court again on March 24.Earlier, Burdwan police had arrested four persons. But a division bench of Calcutta high court on March 2 handed over the case to the CID. Officials of the investigating agency then arrested two more - Naba Kumar Roy and Montu Ghosh - from Burdwan station. Interrogating Roy and Ghosh, sleuths came to know about the five and nabbed them by tracing their mobile towers.Incidentally, though the names of the six persons held earlier feature on the FIR lodged by Pradip Ta's brother Prabir, there is no mention about the five held on Monday.Investigating officer of the case Swapan Banerjee had been removed from his post of Burdwan Sadar police station inspector-in-charge and sub-inspector Durgadas Bhattacharjee was suspended on charges of dereliction of duty.Inspector of homicide department, Kalyan Bandopadhyay, who is the CID investigating officer in the case, will submit initial report to the high court on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12336675", "title": "Amravati cops clueless about AU website hackers", "text": "AMRAVATI: The website of Amravati University and other 27 institutes in the city are lying defunct after it was hacked by a group called Muslim Liberation Army on Sunday. However, police said that they cannot tell for sure that the Muslim Liberation Army (MLA) has hacked organization or someone else has done it on the name of MLA.Police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said, \"Creating nuisance seems to be the hacker's aim. The MLA is a US-based organization, which is connected to some terrorist outfits. But we cannot tell at this moment that MLA is the hacker. We are also investigating whether someone else is involved in the act,\" said Kumar.Hackers, who called themselves Muslim Liberation Army members, had hacked home pages of 46 websites of 27 institutes.Kumar said, \"There are media reports of 1,200 websites in country being hacked. All hacked websites were developed by Alok Goenka who runs his net and web firm. He had taken service from GB Unlimited of Chennai. We called GB Unlimited but did not get any response from them.\"We have sent mails to some international agencies also and are waiting for the reply.\"Meanwhile, students faced inconvenience since the university website was defunct. Amravati University public relation officer Vilas Nandurkar said, \"We are trying to repair the website ... Our officials will take due precaution so that the data in website is not damaged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336175", "title": "Bus owner\u2019s intervention plea in HC for traffic management", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday allowed an intervention application filed by the All Goa Private Bus Owners Association (AGPBOA) in the suo motu petition regarding traffic management, in view of the recent Calvim bus tragedy.Adivision bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre heard the application filed by AGPBOA general secretary Sudip Tamhankar. The application states that the association intends to assist the court with the bus owners' expertise in deciding the future course of traffic management in the state.The court had taken suo motu cognizance of the traffic management system in the state in view of media reports about the Calvim mishap. The court had issued notices to the director of transport, SP (Traffic), secretary (Transport), collectors of North and South Goa and the Kadamba Transport Corporation. They were asked as to what steps have been taken to correct traffic management in the state in light of the accident.While allowing the intervention application, the court has also directed the state government to file a formal reply to the petition on the next date of hearing. Six persons, including four school children, had lost their lives when the mini bus they were travelling in was driven into the river at Aldona. The court will hear the petition further after three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335995", "title": "NTR award for film veteran Sharada", "text": "HYDERABAD: Veteran actress Sharada has bagged the NTR National Award instituted by the state government for the year 2010. The government on Monday also announced the recipients of some other important awards for film personalities.Sharada, 66, is well-known as 'Urvasi' Sharada and has acted in more than 300 films in Telugu and Malayalam. Hailing from Tenali in Guntur district, Sharada also became popular in Malayalam films. She began her acting career in 1955 with Telugu film 'Kanyasulkam'. Her film 'Iddaru Mithrulu' with Akkineni Nageshwara Rao later was a major hit that propelled her to stardom. In 1968, she won the best actress award for her performance in 'Tulabaram', a Malayalam film.Another veteran actor, producer and director Mannava Balaiah has been chosen for the prestigious Raghupati Venkaiah award. The Nagi Reddy-Chakrapani award to producer AVM Balasubramanian of the production house AVM, and B N Reddy award to film personality B Narsing Rao who had produced by film `Maa Bhoomi'.Film producer Edidha Nageshwara Rao's name was announced for the special jury award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335402", "title": "State may amend rules to step up fire security", "text": "Kolkata: The fire services department is planning to amend some of the existing laws to step up fire security in the state. A committee, with experts from JU and other town planners, will submit a report in this regard in three months.Fire services and disaster management minister Javed Khan said that they were looking into the matter to tighten fire safety measures. \"A nine-member rules and act framing committee has been formed with architects and experienced town planners, including experts from Jadavpur University. The panel, which is headed by the department secretary, will make a detailed study on the present condition and changes that can be made in the existing law. It will submit its report within three months, following which a comprehensive report will be prepared and placed in the state cabinet,\" Khan added.According to him, there are several aspects like issuing licence, giving no objection certificates (NOC) and others that are needed to be looked at. \"The condition of the five-storied to ten-storied buildings in and around the city has to be monitored before chalking out plans to improve the fire safety measures there. The committee will conduct a survey and come out with its findings,\" the minister said.It may be noted that places like Tangra, Topsia and Tiljala are known to be fire prone. These areas have numerous illegal factories, paint shops and other commercial establishments, which are lined along with residential houses. Many buildings have come up without adhering to the fire safety norms and the overhead wires, dangling dangerously, have only made things worse. The areas are also very much congested, which creates tremendous inconvenience for fire tenders to reach the spot in time while crossing the narrow lanes. The unplanned vertical construction of buildings also poses a huge threat to the fire fighters to reach the top floors when a fire breaks out. Several fatal fire incidents have occurred in these places over the years.It has been alleged several times that the buildings have come up violating the building rules. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation and West Bengal Pollution Control Board have also carried out some inspections in the past, but nothing has changed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339313", "title": "Muziris project gets Rs 7 cr", "text": "The Muziris heritage conservation-cum-tourism project received a shot in the arm with the government allocating Rs 7 crore for it in the budget. Touted by the foreign media as one of the must-see sites in the world, the Muziris project that is being developed in and around Kodungalloor and north Paravoor is one of the few projects for which both central and state governments are giving equal importance.The fact that the present UDF government is giving support to the Muziris project which was initiated by the previous LDF government proves the potential of the site which is expected to draw a major chunk of the tourists arriving in the country.\"The budget allocation will speed up the progress of the project. At the moment we are working on infrastructure development, setting up of museums and preservation of heritage buildings in the locale. Besides we have also much to focus on the research studies that are to be made regarding the excavated artefacts,\" said Benny Kuriakose, consultant, Muziris heritage-conservation-cum-tourism project.He added that on completion the Muziris project would give a boost to the Kerala tourism front that had exploited most of its backwater-beach-ayurvedic attractions. However, historian M G S Narayanan said the project was of dubious nature and the budget allocation was an unfortunate gesture on the part of the state government.\"Why is that the recognised archaeological experts and bodies in India, including the ASI (Archaeological Survey of India) have no say in the project? Those working at the location have dug a few pits and found some beads, but this is not proof that the area was once Muziris. No strong proof has come out of the place, but yet they are trying to tag it 'historic' and attract tourists. If proved wrong after all the wide advertisements we will end up as laughing stock before the world,\" he said. The state government has also given importance to the conservation of several buildings across the state that include the Kochi state assembly hall inside Law College and Maharaja's College in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12334675", "title": "Voices don\u2019t match in Mhase graft case, says CBI", "text": "Mumbai: In a setback for the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the agency on Monday informed the Bombay high court that a forensic report of telephone conversations between the accused in a bribery case and complainant did not match the voice of advocate Madhaveshwari alias Manisha Mhase-Thube, daughter of a former high court judge.Advocate S S Shinde told court that a second report had been sought from the forensic laboratory. \"Investigations are on the verge of completion and a charge sheet will be filed in eight weeks,'' Shinde said.The CBI had last year arrested Madhaveshwari Mhase-Thube and three others for allegedly demanding a bribe of Rs 30 lakh to get a favourable order in the National Commission through the influence of Mhase Thube's father, a former HC judge and consumer forum president S B Mhase. All four accused are out on bail.The CBI's case hinged for a major part on a conversation between the complainant and co-accused Sunil Shirole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335269", "title": "Weatherman predicts dip in mercury in 3 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fears of the maximum temperature touching 40 degrees celsius in the near future were quelled by the Met department on Monday that predicted a fall of four-six degrees over northwest India within the next three days. Monday's maximum soared to 37 degrees Celsius, seven degrees above normal, while the minimum was 19.4 degrees celsius, three degrees above normal.The sudden rise in temperatures was attributed to a western disturbance that is affecting the western Himalayan region. \"It has been quite hot since the past couple of days as the wind pattern has been easterly. The minimum temperatures are more than 20 degrees celsius over the entire peninsular India and some parts of Gujarat and Rajasthan and this is the area from where the winds are coming in right now,\" said a Met official.B P Yadav, director, Indian Meteorological Department, added: \"The WD will continue to affect the hills for another day or so and then start moving away. In view of that, there might be a slight fall in temperatures on Tuesday itself but by March 22, there should be a fall of four-six degrees in maximum temperatures over northwest and adjoining central India while the minimum will come down by about two-four degrees. No other WD seems to be coming in so we are expecting temperatures to be near normal for the next few days.\"On Monday, Palam was the warmest place in Delhi, recording the highest maximum of 38.7 degrees celsius and also the highest minimum of 21.3 degrees. Across northwest India and the hills, the minimum temperature was two-five degrees above normal over many parts of west Himalayas, Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, west Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335884", "title": "Traffic diversion at Pachaiyappa\u2019s College", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai metro rail is planning to start construction work on an underground station in front of Pachaiyappa's College from Tuesday.The work will occupy 50% of the carriageway on EVR Salai. In order to facilitate the movement of traffic, a separate two-lane carriageway has been created on the side of the St George's School. The traffic from Ega towards Anna Nagar will be allowed on the existing carriageway on two lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "longding", "code": "12337398", "title": "Longding becomes 17th Arunachal district", "text": "LONGDING: The long-cherished dream of over 50,000 people of the Wancho community under Longding sub-division in Arunachal Pradesh was finally fulfilled on Monday when chief minister Nabam Tuki formally declared Longding as the 17th district of the state.\"Longding is the new baby in the cradle and the state government is committed to nourishing it properly so that it develops at par with other districts of the state,\" Tuki said, while addressing a mammoth gathering at the General Ground here this morning.Carved out of the trouble-torn Tirap district, with a population of 51,022, the nascent district covers an area of 1,192 sq km and touches Myanmar on its eastern border. With its headquarters at Longding, the district comprises four principal towns and 67 villages, including nine administrative circle headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12334994", "title": "MPs had complained against 'oligarchic' telecom players: Ex-Trai chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office had in 2008 referred to Department of Telecom a letter of an MP in which he had observed that \"oligarchic conditions\" were prevailing in the telecom industry where four existing players were \"fixing\" the rules and controlling it, former Trai chairman Nripendra Mishra told a special CBI court hearing the 2G spectrum allocation scam case on Monday.During his cross-examination by defence counsel Vijay Aggarwal, Mishra said, \"The MP had observed, inter alia, (in the letter) on the oligarchic conditions prevailing in the telecom industry. He had also observed that three-four operators were controlling the industry.\" He, however, claimed that he was not sure whether the four companies referred were Vodafone, Airtel , Idea or Aircel.\"In the second paragraph of this letter, it was also complained that existing players had managed to fix the rules, so that new entrants cannot enter. It was also complained that the threshold for new telecom entrants was raised so high that no new company can come and offer cheaper services,\" Mishra told special CBI judge O P Saini about a letter by Rajya Sabha MP Laljan Basha.He also said a Lok Sabha MP from Kerala, Abdulla Kutty, had in 2008 raised the issue of tariff hike by Airtel, Vodafone and Idea on which MRTPC was asked to conduct a preliminary investigation.Mishra said the February 17, 2008, letter was referred by PMO to DoT which had forwarded it to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) for its comments.He said Basha, Rajya Sabha MP from Andhra Pradesh in 2008, had requested the PM to consider how to reduce the threshold for new entrants.On being questioned about Trai's authority, Mishra said the regulator could not direct DoT to refer any matter to it. \"In case DoT is required to seek recommendations of Trai on some issues but it does not seek the same from Trai, the view point of DoT is final. Once the view point of DoT has been conveyed to Trai, it has to take that view point into consideration and is not supposed to make suo motu recommendation on that issue,\" he said.\"Trai is a statutory body. There are two sets of situations against certain recommendations of Trai, DoT is competent to take decision without second reference. However, in cases where mandatory reference is required, DoT in case of difference of opinion can send the matter back to Trai for review. The considered reviewed position of Trai is then decided by DoT which is final,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336626", "title": "Tutors gear up for new engineering entrance test", "text": "NAGPUR: As the country readies for a single engineering entrance exam from 2013, more than the students it is the coaching classes which have to prepare themselves for the change. Under the format called the Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET), the biggest change is the weightage Std XII board marks will carry during admissions. There is a proposal to rename the ISEET to the previous nomenclature Joint Entrance Exam (JEE), but it is waiting for official approval.Educational institutes are free to decide the amount of weightage they give to board exam marks while giving admissions. For coaching classes, now the challenge is to continue providing training for the entrance test while ensuring a good score in the board exams as well.Across the city hoardings have come up where institutes talk about their preparedness for the new entrance exam. Many are offering a money-back scheme if the student fails to crack the test while another one has promised to sign a legal agreement guaranteeing success.Rashmi Issacs, a parent, said, \"The ads are being displayed all over the city and appear enticing when they say that success is guaranteed. However, I would prefer to go for renowned institutes which have soundtrack record even if they don't give guarantees. Rather than all the advertising gimmicks I am interested to know what the coaching classes are going to do to ensure an all round performance by my child in both the board exam as well as the entrance test.\"Rajnikanth Bondre, who owns an IIT coaching centre, said, \"We had a brainstorming session with our faculty members and have made some changes to the approach. One is that we will tell students not to ignore their regular college studies, plus our faculties are being made well-versed with the marking scheme of the state board.\"Dilip Vaidya, educationist at a well known city-based coaching institute, said, \"While the overall plan remains pretty much the same, there is a renewed thrust in certain areas. One such area is the subjective assignments we give them related to their boards - now we will rigidly ensure that they solve it. Also we had a special session with our students wherein they were informed that our institute is already doing everything necessary to follow the new exam pattern.\"Nisha Kothari, who owns a popular coaching institute, said, \"I have instructed my faculty members to monitor the progress of students in their colleges as well. We have had a balanced approach from the start so the new format should not bother us at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337249", "title": "Sports day held at Podar International School", "text": "PUNE: The Podar International School-CIE, Chinchwad, recently celebrated its sports day. Former principal of Shri Fattechand Jain College R D Oswal lit the torch and motivated the students to excel in sports, keeping the sporting spirit in mind. The events were a good blend of academic concepts and sports. The senior students showed their team work in the form of a three-legged race. Junior students put their knowledge of animal kingdom to test and helped the aquatic animals reach the sea through aquatic theme-based games. Yoga in the form of Suryanamaskar and aerobics formed an integral part of the sports day.Karate championshipThe students of Hillgreen High School and Junior College participated in the inter Do Jo Karate Kunite Championship conducted by universal Shitokan Karate Do Association. In the under-10 category, Kusum Choudhary won a gold medal, Shreya Dange bagged a silver medal and Pandurang Kadam won a bronze medal. In the under-12 category, Rubina Sahu won a bronze medal, while in the under-14 category, Faizali Sayyed bagged a silver medal.Food festivalZeal Education Society's Dyanganga English Medium School organised a food festival which was attended by 2,000 students, members of the school management, teaching and non-teaching staff members. The teachers explained to the students the importance of having a proper diet without wasting food. Principal Nupur Ghosh said, \"Such activities help create an affinity among students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336762", "title": "Preparations for local body polls in full swing in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: After the successful conclusion of state assembly elections, preparations for the elections of local bodies and Nagar Nigam have begun. The city voters would get a chance to elect corporators for their respective wards who would be responsible for the development of their areas.The ongoing preparations for elections could be gauged from the fact that the work of editing of the voters list and its printing have already begun. This task is being undertaken at various polling booths in the city.It is worth mentioning here that since Holi, those interested in contesting corporator elections have become active. The festival of colours and Ganga Mela were two such occasions when the politicos used the opportunity to meet and greet people of their areas.Meanwhile, several sitting male corporators will not be able to contest Nagar Nigam elections this time. This will happen due to the fact that some 110 seats of Nagar Nigam have been declared to be reserved for female contestants only. Due to this fact, the sitting male corporators have decided to make their spouses contest elections from different wards. This has also increased activities at the party offices of different political parties. The sitting corporators have started meeting senior party leaders for getting ticket.Several sitting corporators of the ruling Samajwadi Party have also put their hoardings in their wards wishing people on Navratri that is set to begin soon.These are clear indications of ongoing preparations of corporators for local body elections that would be held in the month of April. Now with very few days to go for these elections, preparations are going on in full swing. Those who are above 18 years of age and still do not have their name in the voters list can get their name mentioned in the voters list. This process is going on these days at polling booths in different localities of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335063", "title": "Car thieves strike in Delhi's South Extension area", "text": "NEW DELHI: A series of burglaries took place in South Extension I on Sunday night. Within three hours after midnight, when the regular police patrolling was going on at Blocks C and D, burglars stole CNG kits from cars, removed wheels and stereos from sedans and even stole a car. The same group, according to police, also broke into a house and took away electronic items, including a laptop, and cash.The blocks fall on either sides of a lane and they had not witnessed such an incident in a long time. A theft case has been registered at the Kotla Mubarakpur police station. Residents have also approached the police commissioner.The burglars stole CNG kits and stereos from a Baleno, an Esteem and a WagonR, removed spare wheels from two cars and stole a Santro, police said. Residents made a PCR call around 7.30am and local cops went to the spot. The crime team was called in and evidences were collected.Sources said the accused had made a recce of the area and had a clear idea about the timings of patrol parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335771", "title": "Chennai Metro rail, Metropolitan Transport Corporation brainstorm on linking routes", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) is in close talks with Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) to find ways to attract commuters to metro stations and rationalize bus routes. \"There is no point in just building stations. We need to integrate the different modes of transport so that commuters can easily come to the stations and our planning starts there,\" said a senior CMRL official.Currently, CMRL is studying the traffic movement around the proposed metro stations. \"We are studying the area within radii of 500m and 1km from the station and are looking at a 5km 'catchment' area. We have requested the MTC to start feeder services to metro stations,\" said the official. The plans are in a preliminary stage and will materialise in a year.\"At present, we are focusing on the 10km stretch from Koyambedu to St Thomas Mount that will be commissioned next year,\" he said. The Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) has still failed to take in more than a lakh passengers due to poor connectivity, he said while explaining why the integration of various transport modes is necessary.Officials from the MTC say they are ready to change some bus routes. \"For example, there are many services that ply between Saidapet and Central. We could cut down services that run parallel to the metro for more than a certain distance. When we get the CMRL report, we will discuss with consultants and make practical changes,\" a senior MTC official said.The slash in services, even on high revenue routes will not bother the MTC, say officials. \"We can always introduce buses in other routes. There is no dearth of commuters in the city,\" said an official.The CMRL study is also looking at para-transport systems like share autos. \"We will integrate and streamline share-autos to make them available as feeder service to the metro stations,\" said the CMRL official. 'Park and ride' facility will also be implemented wherever possible. Officials say CMRL is the only project which connects all the important passenger hubs in the first phase itself. One metro train is expected to displace 16 buses or 300 four wheelers or 600 two wheelers off the road for every trip it makes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336250", "title": "Lucknow University students allege faulty evaluation, stage protest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students of Lucknow University staged a protest outside the vice-chancellor's office on Monday, alleging faulty evaluation process.A large group of students (mostly from social work department) supported by student leaders indulged in agitation outside university's administrative block. As per the students, nearly 56 out of the total of 110 students pursuing social work have been deliberately failed in a paper called 'Social Policy and Social Planning'. The students even alleged that most of the failed students have secured single-digit marks.\"This is not only our problem, but students in many other departments are also going through the same phase. This is mainly due to the erroneous evaluation by the university teachers. The university is playing with our future,\" said a third semester social work student. What was interesting that a girl student, who has been securing a position in the top 10 in the past two semesters is also in the list of students awarded single digit marks, the result for which was declared on March 17.On Monday, the agitated students approached the head of the department who directed them to take the matter to the V-C. In the process, university students indulged in lawlessness and broke the beacon light put on his vehicle. The situation was brought to normalcy after university proctor helped students meet the V-C. Nearly 10 students met the V-C and presented their problems categorically. \"We spent nearly one and half hours with the VC. He has assured us of solving our problems,'' said a student.Similar problems were faced by first semester LLB (Hons) students in LU's new campus. There also, nearly half the class has secured single digit marks in a specific paper. \"The situation is horrifying as more than 50% students have failed. Out of that, majority of them hold a year back. The university is intentionally failing us so that we fill up the back paper form which will help university earn them huge amount of money,\" said a student.On the issue, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"The students presented their problems to the V-C. Not only social work, but students of English, sociology, political science, Hindi and law have reported the same problem. The V-C has asked for a week's time to sort out the problem. He has assured students that he will talk to the heads of the departments and collect information in this regard. The students demanded re-evaluation, but this is out of the rule book.\"Meanwhile, the indiscipline by the students has been taken seriously by the concerned authorities. University proctor, Prof Pawan Agarwal has constituted a committee under the supervision of additional proctors to probe it. In another strict action taken by the university proctor, four first year LLB (Hons) students have been suspended on Monday.As per the information, four students, Shikar Trivedi, Shubham Gupta, Abhishek Yadav and Pankaj Singh clashed with their classmate, Prakhar Saxena after he did not give his mark sheet. University proctor, Prof Pawan Agarwal said:, \"The four students hit their classmate, as he refused to give his mark sheet. It seems that Prakhar was also a student who had failed in a particular subject and hence they wanted to confirm it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12334800", "title": "State govt dithers over action against babus in Adarsh case", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after the Bombay high court's stringent observations, followed by the Central Bureau of Investigation's strongly-worded letter, the state government is dithering on initiating disciplinary proceedings against veteran bureaucrats Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas, for their controversial roles in the multi-crore Adarsh housing scam.During the hearing of a public interest litigation filed by RTI activist Simpreet Singh, the high court had expressed surprise over the state's failure to act against erring bureaucrats, particularly those in service, and had taken the CBI to task. Following the HC's critical remarks, the CBI had written to chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, urging him to take action.Though there was no response from Gaikwad, according to reports, the state government sought more information from the CBI on the roles of Phatak and Vyas. \"Action can be taken against erring bureaucrats on the basis of specific information and under provisions of the all-India service rules. The CBI should share more information on the roles of the controversial bureaucrats,\" a senior official said.Section 3 of the all-India rules states that \"every member of the service shall at all times maintain absolute integrity and devotion to duty and shall do nothing which is unbecoming of a member of the service\".The official said, \"We will require concrete evidence and documents to invoke provisions of the rules against Phatak and Vyas. Once we receive information, we will not hesitate to take action against them.\"A senior bureaucrat felt that since a first information report has been registered against Phatak and Vyas, there was no need for the state government to wait for more documents and information. \"Pending inquiry, the government can suspend them or initiate a departmental probe against them. In fact, initially it was proposed to initiate a departmental probe against them, but it was abandoned following the appointment of a commission. The commission has been entrusted with probing the role of not only Phatak and Vyas, but all serving and retired bureaucrats associated with the Adarsh land scam,\" he said.The CBI had on January 29, 2011, registered a criminal case against then chief minister Ashok Chavan , Phatak, Vyas and 11 others for their roles in the scam.The CBI should share more information on the roles of the two controversial state bureaucrats, Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12337030", "title": "Burglars get away with 40 sovereigns of gold", "text": "COIMBATORE: Burglars broke open a house at Kumaran Nagar near Ganapathy in the city late Sunday night and decamped with 40 sovereigns of gold ornaments. The thieves had spent at least two hours inside the house, audaciously celebrating the occasion drinking beer from the fridge. Empty beer bottles were found inside the home.According to police, the house belonged to M Rangarajan (53), a native of Kotagiri in Nilgiris district. Owner of a tea plantation in Nilgiris, he had rented the house two years ago for his daughter R Bhuvaneswari, a software engineer working in a private company. Bhuvaneswari and her mother Jayalakshmi lived there, while Rangarajan visited on weekends.On Friday evening Rangarajan reached the Kumaran Nagar house. Early Sunday morning, he took his family to the famous Murugan temple in Palani for a pilgrimage. They traveled by car. After visiting the temple, they spent Sunday night at a relative's house in Udumalpet. On Monday morning, when the family came back home, they found the side door of the house was broken open and they realized they had been burgled.The burglars had broken open the steel cupboard and stolen 40 sovereigns of gold jewels. However, gold coins in the same cupboard worth 15 sovereigns remained untouched. Though the burglars broke open two more cupboards, they found no valuables. The burglars had also consumed beer from the fridge, but they were careful not to leave behind any fingerprints. They did a thorough search of the house, leaving it in a mess.Rangarajan informed Saravanampatty police station on Monday morning. City police commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy, Deputy Commissioner of police Hema Karunagaran and assistant commissioner of police R Gunasekaran and other officers rushed to the spot and conducted an inquiry. Forensic science experts lifted some finger prints from the house.According to police, the burglars surveyed the house for several days before breaking in. Newspapers that were left outside confirmed that no one was home, police said. Residents of Kumaran Nagar had appointed a night security guard following repeated robbery attempts, but he was on leave on Sunday. Three investigation teams have been formed by the city police to crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335861", "title": "Bengal artists at home in Chennai gallery", "text": "CHENNAI: A mendicant, leaning against a dilapidated wall, lost in music is one of Pradipta K Mohapatra's favourite paintings at the exhibition featuring the works of early 20th century Bengali artists. \"It's by Hemendranath Majumdar and is the oldest painting here. It dates back to around 1920,\" says Mohapatra, curator of the exhibition, 'The Itinerant Bengal', which is on at Vinnyasa art gallery till March 20.About 20 works from the 1920s to the 1950s by artists such as D P Roy Chowdhury, Hemendranath Majumdar, Sudhir Khastgir, Paritosh Sen, K G Subramanyan and Gopal Ghose are on show. \"Many travelled up north to Kashmir and down south to Madras, and became teachers. That's why the show is titled 'The Itinerant Bengal',\" says Mohapatra, who has been collecting art for 30 years. \"At the turn of the century, most Bengali artists, led by Abanindranath Tagore, were working on Indian themes and rejecting Western ones. This grew into the Bengal school of art. But some felt art was global and they formed the Jubilee art group,\" he says.Majumdar was one of the rebels who left Kolkata and moved to Kashmir, where he became the court painter. Another prominent artist, D P Roy Chowdhury, trained in the Bengal style but came to Madras around 1928 at the age of 29 as principal of the College of Art. \"He was the longest serving principal and trained generations of artists who are still active today,\" says Mohapatra.Mohapatra was intrigued by these travelling artists. \"Most of them became art professors. But the question is did they teach the Bengal style or their own style?\" asks Mohapatra. His exhibition is an effort to answer this question.\"Other than Paritosh Sen, it's unlikely any of these artists have been displayed in Chennai before,\" says Mohapatra, who has borrowed the rare tempera paintings from other Chennai-based collectors for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337308", "title": "60-yr-old man dies; 5th death in six days", "text": "PUNE: A 60-year old man from Maharshinagar died of swine flu at a city hospital on Monday, taking the number of H1N1 victims to five in the last six days.Shrirang Balasaheb Paigude had been in the isolation ICU of Poona Hospital and Research Centre (PHR) for the last three days. \"His throat swab report, received after his death, revealed him positive for swine flu infection,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). \"Paigude had other underlying illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and cardiaomyopathy,\" he added.\"Around March 15, Paigude showed typical symptoms like mild fever, cough with expewctoration and developed mild breathlessness from March 17, following which he was admitted to PHRC at around 11.55 am. His became critical and he was put on ventilator support. Later his condition deteriorated following which he died,\" said Shyam Satpute, acting assistant medical officer of health.The number of critically ill patients in the district is five. Two patients are being treated in city hospitals while three have been admitted to different hospitals in Pimpri-Chinchwad. All of them are on ventilator support.Six more people, including a 20-year-old MBBS student, tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Monday. Three of them were found positive during the ongoing influenza surveillance being carried out by the National Institute of Virology (NIV) at Janata Vasahat, a slum with a population of 30,000 near Parvati.\"The number of people infected with H1N1 influenza has gone up to 40 now (since March 5),\" Satpute said.On March 14, Kanta Sarode (48) succumbed to the infection, becoming the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011.The extended winter in the state, the intermittent disturbances during the winter to summer transition phase and declining immunity are among the reasons cited for the rise in swine flu cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339492", "title": "IIMK celebrates 14th convocation ceremony", "text": "Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode (IIMK) recently felicitated 310 students from its PGP and 133 students from its ePGP programme at its 14th convocation ceremony.The convocation was presided over by E Ahamed, minister of state for external affairs and human resource development, among others. Debashis Chatterjee, director, IIMK, spoke on the need for students to emulate the qualities of the great warrior Arjuna and aspire with single-minded focus to achieve their goals. He highlighted the extent of the diversity that IIMK has been able to achieve among its student community and the value it adds to each and every student.The breadth of IIMK's activities during the last year has spanned from 'Gift,' the workshop conducted for the Kerala cabinet to the symposium on lessons for business from Indian spirituality and this demonstrates IIMK's commitment to thought leadership. A proud addition to the campus this year has been the museum of Indian business history that aims to add an additional perspective of the rich heritage we are seeking to build on.The graduating students took an oath to uphold high standards of professional values and ethics at a candle light vigil.Resul Pookutty, guest of honour, attempted to drive home the importance of respect, labour, skill, art and inventiveness in achieving success in today's dynamic world.AC Muthiah, chairman BOG, IIMK added, \"Education is everywhere with superficial variance but quality of education imparted from the premier institutes like IIMs redefines and restructures education itself. The rigour in learning makes them better citizens and better leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336789", "title": "Three held with firearms in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Police on Monday arrested three persons in separate incidents and seized two firearms and several live cartridges besides an axe from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, the cops from Shivrajpur police station laid a trap at Rajepur Shaadipur Uttari Paschim and arrested Badri and Pintu, both residents of Rajepur Shaadipur.The police recovered a countrymade firearm of .315 bore and an axe besides several live cartridges from their possession.The two have serious cases of attempt to murder and extortion lodged against them at separate police stations.Meanwhile, one Shadab Baig was arrested from Cheenapar area under the jurisdiction of Beconganj police station on Monday. The police recovered a country-made firearm of 32 bore and several live cartridges from his possession. \"Shadab is also a criminal on police records. He has several cases registered against him at separate police stations,\" police said.All three were produced before the magistrate on Monday and later sent to jail.Meanwhile, the police arrested one Guru Prasad and four others on charges of gambling in public place. The police later sent them to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335836", "title": "643 crore plan to make Srisailam another Tirumala", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government wants to develop Srisailam into another Tirumala. In a grand plan to change the face of Sri Bramarambha Mallikharjuna Swami temple at Srisailam and bring it grandeur akin to Tirumala, the government has come up with an ambitious development project at a cost Rs 643 crore.The unveiling of the master plan for the temple which earns a meagre annual income of Rs 45 crore compared to Rs 1200 crore of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams, is baffling. Though Srisailam is among top 10 temples in the state in terms of revenue generation and pilgrim influx, it's surprising why the government is ready to pump over Rs 600 crore on the temple development.Apart from developing a fool-proof security apparatus, laying roads and improving amenities, Rs 20 crore has been set aside for storm water drainage and another Rs 5 crore for solid waste management. Besides this a suspension bridge will be constructed for which Rs 565 crore has been allotted. Officials claim that the first phase of the project would involve an investment of Rs 78 crore.But how confident is the government to mobilize such huge funds with little revenues from the temple? \"We will get funds from the temple board. We are banking on donations from individuals and corporate bigwigs,\" Chitra Ramachandran, principal secretary, endowments, told TOI. Officials point out that some of the major temples are getting refurbishment funds in the form of donations from various quarters.Sources said a technical committee has been constituted to execute this ambitious plan. The authorities are planning to complete the project in five years, as a major chunk of the plan involves pumping ground water to the shrine located on a densely forested hillock. A few government agencies like Nabard have been approached for funding, sources said. \"The temple has revenue surplus of around Rs 45 crore. At least 8,000-10,000 pilgrims visit the temple every day,\" Venkateswarlu, assistant endowments commissioner of Kurnool, said.In fact, there has been a demand to make Srisailam autonomous like TTD wherein a political appointee would be the chairperson. There is even a proposal to appoint a specified authority for Srsiailam on the lines of Tirumala's body. The temple, popularly known as 'Dakshina Kasi', is located on the Nallamala hills on the banks of Krishna river. The total devasthanam area is 4,427 acres and the core temple area is around 600 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340138", "title": "Swastika Mukherjee to do a cameo in 'Aborto'", "text": "She came, she saw, she sizzled. That's Swastika Mukherjee in Arindam Sil's \" Aborto\". No, she isn't part of the venture but yes, she \"readily agreed\" to do a cameo as a \"friendly gesture\".The shooting at The HHI, took off at 12 noon and went on till 5 am the next day. \"Swastika was at her serious best,\" says the director, adding, \"She was looking super hot in the red number. I couldn't resist telling her so to which she replied, 'I know'.\" It was an office party sequence, which had Pallavi, Resshmi, Pooja, Tota, Pijush and Saswata playing Mrs Chatterjee, Duli, Sonia, Shyamal, Jyoti and Rono.Talking about the song, that has been penned by Sugoto Guha, composed by Bickram Ghosh and sung by June Banerjee , Arindam says, \"The lyrics go like \"Porey ei mon akaron keno hai/ Porey ei mon bolbe ke tomaye\". Bickram and I had been discussing a crooning number while talking about the party sequence. When I requested Swastika for a cameo, she agreed. Then, we decided to go for a song with her as the crooner. Through this number the politics of the mind and body come out.\"Srijit, who Arindam counts as one of his \"inspirations\" also dropped by. \"His presence charged everyone up,\"Arindam jokes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334768", "title": "Gender inequality a major concern, says RC Garg", "text": "BHOPAL: Poor sex ratio is a matter of concern in the contemporary society and the need of the hour is to improve sex ratio, said Ramesh Chandra Garg, former Chief Justice of Guwahati high court.He was addressing a training programme on 'Gender sensitization' organised at Barkatullah University here on Monday.Justice Garg said that the need of the hour was to make serious efforts to give an end to gender inequality in the society.Citing his own experiences, Grag said that women empowerment could be achieved only by making women aware of their rights. \"Departments like women studies at Barkatullah University should be opened in all universities. They are not limited to teaching only but can also play a major role to empower women through different research works as well,\" he said.Suggesting ways to achieve women empowerment, Justice Garg said, \"There is an urgent need to achieve gender equality. This could be achieved by starting new courses in the educational system and conducting regular training programmes on the issue.\"Vice-chancellor of Barkatullah University, Prof Nisha Dubey, said that the gender equality was the responsibility of all in the society.A book titled 'Women Empowerment and Mainstream Indian Cinema' was also released. Author of the book, Prof Asha Shukla, head of the department, women studies, said that society needs to be more concerned on empowering women. Women studies department's news magazine Swayamsiddha was also released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339262", "title": "\u2018Meeting Milkha was a moment to cherish\u2019", "text": "Shankar Mahadevan sure knows how to bring the house down. That's the reason whenever this singer-composer and the front man of the group SEL ( Shankar Mahadevan, Ehsaan Noorani and Loy Mendonsa) takes the stage, he creates fireworks.The singer, who was in Bangalore recently as a part of SEL's maiden Indian fourcity tour, says, \"We have performed in different parts of the world, but this is the first time the group is touring the country.\" But why only a four-city tour, we ask and Shankar says, \"We started the tour here in Bangalore and we will follow it up with concerts in Kolkata, Mumbai and Delhi. There are some logistics issues and that's why we have restricted this tour to only four cities.\"Shankar, who has to his credit films like 'Dil Chahta Hai' and the recent 'Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara', has almost wrapped up his work for Kamal Haasan's next, 'Viswaroopam'. \"We are putting the finishing touches on the album. Kamal sir is a fabulous person to work with and we are recording a special background score for which he will lend his voice. We have also started work on Farhan Akhtar's 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag'. We bumped into Milkha Singh at the Delhi airport recently. He is extremely happy that we are composing music for a film based on him and the short meeting became a moment to cherish,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336854", "title": "Avenue Road may be shut for pipeline work", "text": "BANGALORE: The busy and arterial Avenue Road will be closed at least for one month for BWSSB's sanitary pipe-laying work.However, traffic police are insisting that the water board must first finish pipe-laying work on Binny Mill Road before targeting the Avenue Road stretch for laying 650-metre pipes from Chickpet Circle to City Market.\"We are yet to give permission to BWSSB as we wanted the Binny Mill Road work to be completed first. Avenue Road is busy area with no place even for pedestrians. Vehicles, mostly two-wheelers , enter from the City Market side to reach Mysore Bank Circle on Kempe Gowda (KG) Road,\" said additional police commissioner (traffic) MA Saleem.Also, the famous 'Karaga' festival, which falls on April 6, has to pass through the old ramparts of the city which include Chickpet Circle and parts of Avenue Road to culminate at Dharmarayan Koil near the entry of Silver Jubilee Park.Chickpet corporator AL Shivakumar, too, has requested BWSSB not to take up work till Karaga festival concludes.Four-Year-Old ProjectA senior BWSSB official said the project conceived four years ago wasn't taken up as traders objected to closing down of shops during the work. \"It takes at least 20 to 25 days for the work. Traffic and pedestrian movement on the road have to be stopped for that. The project is estimated to cost Rs 16 lakh,\" said a senior BWSSB official.Five months ago, BWSSB changed sanitary pipelines in and around BVK Iyengar Circle near Chickpet. The project was taken up based on residents' complaints that drinking water was getting mixed with sewage water. The old pipelines were laid during the British Raj era.Water Adalats todayBWSSB will hold Water Adalat on Tuesday at the AEE's office from 9.30am to 11am for consumers of Rajajinagar I to VI Blocks, Mahalakshmi Layout, Peenya Industrial area, Rajajinagar II Stage, Subramanya Nagar, Milk Colony, Nandini Layout and Kethamarana Halli.Another Water Adalat will be held on Tuesday at the AEE's office from 9.30am to 11am for residents of Koramangala and HSR Layout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337514", "title": "'GAAR's backdoor entry a grave step'", "text": "VADODARA: The budget looks like a juicy mango but tastes no better than a bland papaya - eminent tax expert Mukesh Patel said this here on Monday.The tax expert, who is a key member of TOI's Budget Ho Toh Aisa (BHTA) panel, was in the city to discuss the Union Budget 2012-13 in a programme organized by Central Gujarat Chamber of Tax Consultants and Baroda branch of Western India Regional Council (WIRC) of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).Patel said the tax exemption announced by Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee was just peanuts for the 'aam aadmi'.\"The incentives that they have tried to give are half hearted. For instance, Union finance minister's budget proposal of giving tax exemption up to Rs 10,000 on interest income from savings bank accounts is just an illusion rather than a concession.Till 2004-05, we used to have deduction of Rs 15,000 under Income Tax Act for bank interest, small savings which included all kinds of interests including fixed deposits. This time, quite cunningly they have kept the Rs 10,000 limit but only on savings accounts. For this, a common man needs to keep an average balance of Rs 2.50 lakh throughout the year in his or her account.Even a wealthy man would not keep his money idle in savings account just to get this 'benefit',\" Patel said.On a lighter note, Patel said the Union finance minister was perhaps venting his annoyance with West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee by announcing a common threshold for men and women on tax exemption.\"In absolute terms, the meager Rs 2,000 that a salaried employee would save under the new tax slabs would mean nothing as he will be spending indirectly by paying up all kinds of service tax,\" said Patel, adding that the few services exempted from tax included crematorium or mortuary services. \"Those taking birth in a hospital would have to pay service tax now.\"The tax expert said the backdoor entry of General Anti-Avoidance Rule (GAAR), one of the most obnoxious provisions of Direct Tax Code (DTC) into the Income Tax Act, and the budget proposal to amend the Income Tax Act, 1961 retrospectively to enable tax authorities to tax Vodafone-type transactions, were grave steps.\"Just a week ago the Parliamentary panel had stated that GAAR needs a total overhauling and is not just acceptable. Despite this, GAAR has made an entry through the annual budget,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12335864", "title": "Kakatiya canal suffers major breach", "text": "WARANGAL: Sheets of water went down the drain after a breach occurred in the Kakatiya Canal near the Kakatiya University bypass road at Hanamkonda early on Monday.More than 3,000 cusecs of water were lost due to the breach, which was reportedly caused by a crack in the bund.Sources said that there has been no maintenance work on the canal since 2007 due to a paucity of funds. \"The bund walls might have weakened over the years leading to the breach,\" a former irrigation official said.Thankfully, the water flowed away through the big drain.\"Had it changed its course, the water could have crashed into nearby colonies and marooned them,\" sources said.Engineering personnel faulted the irrigation authorities for releasing an additional 1,500 cusecs of water from Lower Manair Dam (LMD).\"The canal capacity is 1,500 cusecs. With an additional 1,500 cusecs, the canal was holding water beyond its capacity. It is the water pressure which may have caused the breach,\" pointed out a retired engineer at Peddammagadda.Water was released on Friday last for areas under phase II of Sri Ram Sagar Project (SRSP) in Warangal and Nalgonda district.Water for Kakatiya Canal was released from LMD, which in turn receives water from SRSP. Joint collector Vakati Karuna rushed to the spot after learning of the breach and said efforts were on to plug the leak.She said that engineers at Karimnagar had been asked to stop release of water from LMD. She also instructed authorities to close the vents at the distribution points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12337009", "title": "Man kills drunk son; youth dies after iron rod impales him", "text": "BANGALORE: Two men met with a gory end under the influence of alcohol in separate instances on Sunday. While a 36-year-old loader was bludgeoned to death by his 63-year-old father after he beat up his wife in Ramamurthynagar, a 40-year-old daily-wage worker succumbed to injuries after falling on an iron rod that impaled his thigh during an argument with his mother in Chamarajpet.Police said D Raju, who worked as a loader in Food Corporation of India's godown in Vijinapura, and stayed on the factory premises, used to consume alcohol and beat up his wife and father, Arokiya Das, who works as a security guard in a nearby factory.\"On Sunday night, Raju beat up his wife Mythili. Das tried to intervene but Raju thrashed him. Das hit Raju on the head with a stone. He succumbed to injuries later,\" police said. Arokia Das is absconding.In the second incident, R Murugan who lived on the pavement of Chamarajpet I Main with his mother , Basiyamma, picked up an argument with her under the influence of liquor on Sunday night.\"While arguing, he fell on an iron . rod that pierced his thigh. Police shifted him to Victoria Hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339025", "title": "Priya Anand visits Puttaparthi", "text": "Actress Priya Anand has taken off to Puttaparthi with her close friend.The actress tweeted, \"En route to Puttaparthi. My first time there.... Looking forward.\" When quizzed if she's going to the spiritual centre, the main attraction of which is Sri Sathya Sai Baba's Prasanthi Nilayam ashram, for a shoot, and the girl answers, \"I'm just going with a friend.I'm curious about what the place would be like...\" Meanwhile, Priya is excited about her Bollywood debut, English Vinglish. The film is Sridevi's comeback flick, and will also release in Tamil and Telugu. Both Priya and Sridevi will be dubbing in all the three languages themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336660", "title": "First-timers take centre stage on Day 4 of international film festival", "text": "NAGPUR: To an already packed schedule at the currently underway 3rd International Film Festival, screening of 20 short films have also been added. The are entries for the Short film contest which is a part of the festival this year.Four of these were screened on Monday. Festival director Sameer Naphde said he was aware of the gradually increasing cinema activity in the city and thus decided to showcase these films at the festival. \"We received 35 entries for this segment, of which 20 have been shortlisted by the two member jury who viewed the films on Saturday. The films left them pleasantly surprised. They told me that the only thing lacking in them was technical finesse,\" Naphde said.Milli Vikamshi, whose three and half minute film Good Morning was screened on Monday said that it was her first effort and five more films were in the pipeline. \"The film is about the nightmares of an artiste who deals with the trauma suffered by her and how she breaks from these illusions. There are no dialogues and I have cast three local actors,\" she said. Vikamshi's film has been well received by the audience as well as the jury.These screening means a lot to most of these first-time film-makers.Rupesh Pawar, who otherwise is a theatre actor, is eager to see his film on the big screen on Tuesday. Titled Kaaran, the 20-minute film deals with the reasons why money often makes one insomniac.\"The word corruption has been ringing around for quite a while now. My film is about that without any overt mention of it,\" he said.Shot on a 7D camera, Pawar said the actual cost of making it would have been around Rs 60,000 but it worked out much cheaper for him as friends chipped in with help in cash and kind.\"I have cast veteran actors of Nagpur Ganesh Naidu and Atul Mahale. Screening it here means a lot to me. I am also going to show it at other festivals in Chennai, Mumbai and Pune,\" he said.Another first time filmmaker Piyush Dhumkekar also has a theatre background but chose cinema as medium. \"My film Are You Satisfied deals with the subject of contentment in life. I felt there are some subjects that emerge better on the big screen instead of stage.\"Made with the help of a DSLR camera, Dhumkekar has also used local artist and a local musician in his film.The filmmakers also interacted with the audience after the screening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336136", "title": "Maoists burn down three earth movers in Aurangabad", "text": "PATNA:Armed Maoists torched three JCB machines of a private construction firm at Bahadurpur village under Rafiganj police station in Aurangabad district late on Sunday night.Sources said, around 50 heavily armed persons belonging to CPI (Maoist) raided the office of the private construction firm, Shakti Constructions, and burnt three JCB machines (earth movers engaged in road construction in the area. The Maoists also beat up the munshi (clerk) of the firm before setting the machines on fire. The said firm is owned by one Rajkumar Singh, the police said. The damage is estimated to be around Rs 1 crore, the police added.The incident seems to be fallout of the firm refusing to meet the Maoists' demand of levy, the police said, adding that the extremists also left behind leaflets directing the firm to employ local labourers and stop using foreign-made machines.Raids were on to nab the ultras, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "rachol", "code": "12336165", "title": "\u2018Leave our land alone\u2019", "text": "RACHOL: That the 2,500-odd villagers of Rachol take their natural bounty and history-filled heritage very seriously is best articulated by the woe of the five-member panchayat administration- any kind of development proposed is vehemently opposed.\"Rachol is ecologically-fragile. It has water bodies where fish breed and migratory birds visit. It has historical monuments- the arch, the culvert built by the Portuguese, the Our Lady of Snows church, the seminary, the fort,\" says Fr Victor Ferrao, a professor at the seminary that was built in 1610.The institute for future priests has opposed the construction of commercial row houses next to its premises. Another local points out that land in the village is indeed an issue as the 2001 Census showed Rachol's area as just 272 ha. So, many months ago, rallying under the banner of Rachol Rakhon Manch, villagers disrupted the foundation stone-laying ceremony of their new panchayat ghar. It led to a few arrests and a public interest litigation.Claims Rooseberth Rebello, convener of the manch, \"The biggest problem is that though the villagers want to be involved and wish to protect Rachol's identity, we are kept in the dark and have to oppose issues in the absence of any participatory processes at the panchayat level.\"Another activist, Franky Gomes, claims the panchayat did not hold a gram sabha for over a year and it was only after villagers raised a hue and cry that the meeting was held in early 2011. Panchas counter that \"agitating members\" come with one agenda-to disrupt gram sabhas.Despite the differences, the panchayat, with the support of villagers under the banner of Jagrut Raikarancho Avaz, have opposed a proposed bridge and its access road. The bridge over the River Zuari will connect Shiroda with Rachol. Sarpanch Joseph Vaz claims the bridge will lead to the demolition of many houses and will lead to an increase in mining transportation through the village, causing dust pollution.\"We are not against development which will look after providing basic amenities,\" says Gomes, \"We are against the negligent attitude of the panchayat towards conserving heritage.\"Rebello adds, \"Rachol consists of mainly low-lying areas and water bodies and cannot support unchecked commercial development which can be disastrous in the long run.\" Resident Genevieve Gracias says, \"Places like Ilha de Rachol are very sensitive and ecologically-fragile and only after resolutions are passed at gram sabhas should any major development be allowed.\"Vaz rubbishes allegations that locals are not involved in decision-making. \"I am a son of the soil and will only take up what is in the best interest of the people after consulting with the people.\" Stressing that there's a pressing demand to improve infrastructure in the village, Vaz says he has plans to set up a community hall and cattle pound and carry out beautification projects in certain parts of the village.Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco says, \"I am there to save Rachol's heritage structures. It is not right for a few people to make allegations against the Rachol panchayat without any substance. One of my top priorities has been to preserve our heritage, to preserve and sustain agriculture and our land and in that connection I have never promoted any commercial establishments. I was with the people and the panchayat is opposing the bridge from Shiroda to Rachol.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336167", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority to build flats for Sashastra Seema Bal in Gomtinagar extension", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Sashastra Seema Bal has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Lucknow Development Authority.As per the terms and conditions of the MoU between the two, SSB has deposited a sum of Rs 14 crore with LDA here on Monday. The Sashastra Seema Bal, has initiated a project to construct a housing project for families of jawans posted along the Indo-Nepal border.Senior SSB officials informed that the aim of the project was to bring families of the jawans closer to them.\"This would also help in giving a better standard of living to the family members of the jawans. The reason was that since these jawans live in remote areas, keeping their families means depriving them of basic civic amenities, schools, markets and accommodations. If we take care of this stressing aspect, the jawans would be able to perform better,\" said an official.The Centre has sanctioned over Rs 70 crore for the project that would have a total of 415 flats in Gomtinagar extension areas to be constructed in two years. In first phase, 34 type-I, 308 type-II, 55 type-III, 14 type-IV and 4 type-V houses would be constructed.The Sashastra Seema Bal, has initiated a project to construct a housing project for families of jawans posted along the Indo-Nepal border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12337246", "title": "Nothing new in AI's summer schedule", "text": "LUDHIANA: The good weather and Air India flight's improving record of only one cancellation so far in March has done little to cheer up air commuters as the flight will not land more than thrice a week according to the summer schedule. Looking at the improvements, commuters had hoped that the flighta??s frequency would be increased. The revised schedule would be implemented from March 26.According to new schedule, AI flight (9803) would take off from Delhi at 10.40am and land in Sahnewal at 11.55am. AI flight (9804) is supposed to take off from Sahnewal at 12.15pm and reach Delhi at 1.25pm on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Earlier, the flight was landing in Sahnewal at 12.10pm and in Delhi at 1.35pm.Confirming the changes in flight schedule manager with AI Amrik Singh said, \"The summer schedule that has been issued will be applicable from March 26. Everything is fine but flight would not be operated more than three days a week.\" He, however, gave no reason for why the flighta's frequency has not been increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335533", "title": "UP to get its first Muslim chief secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Javed Usmani could be the next chief secretary of Uttar Pradesh, giving the state its first Muslim chief secretary in a long time.Sources said the senior IAS officer, who was joint secretary in Manmohan Singh's PMO, is likely to be picked to head the huge babudom of UP. Usmani is on a sabbatical in the US after his stint in World Bank ended in late 2010. He has also worked in the PMO under Atal Bihari Vajpayee and I K Gujral.While newly-appointed chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has continued with Anoop Misra who was appointed chief secretary by predecessor Mayawati , he is likely to be shifted out soon.Usmani's joining the top post would mark a seminal moment in the state's history as the only Muslim to adorn the chair after independence was Mahmood Butt, who was chief secretary in 1975-76.While the senior officer qualifies for the post by sheer dint of his record, being the batch topper with a rich experience in administration, his candidature ties with SP's stress on Muslim constituency. The Samajwadis benefitted from the community's return to its fold after deserting it in two consecutive elections. SP too went out of the way to woo the community. Its promise of 18% reservation for Muslims is a case in point, even if pushed down the reservation road by Congress campaign.It would be a symbolic gesture from Mulayam Singh Yadav to assure the community about his commitment to their welfare. A wily politician, the Yadav chieftain may think such initiatives will buffer him from failure to deliver on the big quota promise. The 18% job quota is virtually impossible to achieve in view of constitutional roadblock as well as the adverse reaction it can trigger among Hindus.The appointment is seen as consequential since there is an anticipation that chief secretary's post would no longer be ceremonial as it was in the BSP regime. Mayawati's decision to have a cabinet secretary post relegated chief secretary to the margins of administration. Shashank Shekhar Singh was seen as the man behind all decisions while the chief secretary languished in the shadows.However, with no super bureaucrat like cabinet secretary in the SP government, the top office is likely to be the force behind decisions and innovations, a likelihood that has added to its glitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336226", "title": "Bike thefts continue", "text": "Nashik: A motorbike worth Rs 25,000 has been reported stolen from the Shingada Talav area . In a complaint lodged by Rohit Vijendra Shah, on March 18, the theft occurred from his residence parking lot Bhadrakali police have registered the complaint. Another bike belonging to Uday Ramakant Lokhade worth Rs 25,000 was stolen from Thakker Bazaar.In the third case, a bike worth Rs 30,000 was stolen on the night of March 17 It was found burnt on the grounds of New Era High School at Govindnagar.The bike's owner, Nilesh Avhad of Govind Nagar has lodged a complaint at the the Ambad police station.Another motorcycle worth Rs 40,000 was stolen on the night of March 16 from the residence of Shrikant Drase of Shivpurti society, Lam road, Deolali camp.In the fifth incident, a bike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen on March 16 from Samraat Ashok Nagar, Dasak, Jail Road. A complaint regarding this theft was lodged by Prashant Gangurde at with Nashik Road police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334846", "title": "Kulaste, Najma, others file Rajya Sabha nominations", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash-for-vote scam accused Faggan Singh Kulaste, former Rajya Sabha vice-chairperson Najma Hepatullah and two other BJP aspirants for Rajya Sabha and a lone Congress nominee on Monday filed their nomination papers for the biennial elections from Madhya Pradesh.BJP has rewarded Kulaste with the ticket for the Rajya Sabha. He was among the three BJP MPs who displayed wads of currency notes in the Lok Sabha during the 2008 no-confidence motion against the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre. Then, he had alleged that money was offered to him to vote against the party whip. Later, he was arrested in connection with the cash-for-vote scam. Besides Kulaste and Najma Heptullah, former Lok Sabha MP Thavar Chand Gehlot, who lost the 2009 general elections and RSS stalwart Kaptan Singh Solanki also filed their nomination papers before the returning officer at the state legislative assembly.Speaking to reporters, Kulaste said: ``Since 2008, I have been fighting a war against corruption. That fight will continue in the Rajya Sabha. It is time for the youth of this nation to come forward and join the struggle against corruption.''All four filed their nominations in the presence of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , state BJP president Prabhat Jha and former Rajya Sabha members Meghraj Jain and Vikram Verma. Thavar Chand Gehlot said that he too will continue to fight against corruption in the Rajya Sabha.Najma Heptullah said that she did not believe in dividing community on the grounds of caste and religion. ``The BJP and its leaders believe in development and so do I,'' she said. ``The BJP ruled states have shown positive growth and development while the Congress-led Centre has performed miserably.''The opposition Congress fielded Satyavrat Chaturvedi, whose term just ended in the Rajya Sabha. Chaturvedi filed his nomination papers and was accompanied by state PCC president Kantilal Bhuria, leader of Opposition Ajay Singh and his party MLAs. Soon after filing the nomination, Chaturvedi said, ``I hail from Madhya Pradesh. It is my duty to support and fight for the development of Madhya Pradesh and to expose the lapses of the BJP government. From illegal mining to the killing of an IPS officer, I will take up the issue in the upper house to reveal the anarchy in the state under BJP rule.''The ruling BJP has 152 seats out of the total 230 in the state assembly while the Congress has 66, BSP has seven legislators in the House and SP has one. There are three independent MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335627", "title": "Court summons city police commissioner", "text": "Kolkata: Calcutta high court on Monday directed Kolkata police commissioner R K Pachnanda to personally appear before it and clarify why he did not follow an order to investigate a case about police failing to produce the case diary during the hearing of an anticipatory bail petition.The DC (north) investigated the case rather than the commissioner.Pachnanda has been asked to appear before a division bench of Justice Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta and Justice Joymallya Bagchi on Wednesday. The anticipatory bail petition was filed by CTC driver Chitta Bose, who allegedly ran over a pedestrian on February 20. Bose apprehended arrest and filed for anticipatory bail. His petition came up for hearing on March 5, but had to be adjourned as the case diary was not produced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12336695", "title": "Can't stop eating? Blame 'greedy gene'", "text": "LONDON: Struggling to shed the flab? Blame your genes, say scientists after they claim to have discovered a \"greedy gene\" that makes one eat even when one is full as it breaks down communication between the body and the brain.A team at Georgetown University Medical Centre has shown in tests on mice that a mutation on Bdnf gene broke down communication in the body and led to non-stop eating and rapid weight gain, a finding which could pave the way for treatments for obesity, the 'Daily Mail' reported.For their study, the scientists studied variations in the Bdnf gene in mice. Humans also have this gene and it has been linked to obesity, but the team members say it was not clear until now exactly how it worked. After a meal, the activity of this gene transmits chemical signals down a chain of brain cells until they reach the hypothalamus , which receives the message that you are full and suppresses the appetite.However, in mice which had a mutation of this gene, these chemicals - leptin and insulin - were not being transmitted to their target, and they ate twice as much as those without the mutation.But the good news is that the scientists hope identifying the Bdnf gene could help with slimming treatments as obesity is becoming a global epidemic, the journal Nature Medicine reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336328", "title": "Lamp of learning glows at Naini jail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The lamp of learning is getting brighter at Naini central jail. In a novel initiative, the educated prisoners lodged in this jail are educating fellow unlettered inmates.The initiative is part of \"Ek Padhae Anek\" (one will teach many) scheme started at Naini jail. In the programme, 300 inmates are attending classes to prepare themselves either for vocational or higher education courses.The jail authorities had conducted an exercise to identify educated inmates who have interest in teaching others and also identified the prisoners who were willing to pursue education. The jail authorities have provided all the apparatus for running teaching classes.Fourteen prisoners lodged at Naini jail, who have professional degrees like MCA and MBA, agreed to volunteer for the Ek Padhae Anek scheme.Senior jail superintendent, Naini jail, Ambrish Gaur told TOI that the scheme is yielding good results. He added that over 300 inmates are pursuing different courses, including vocational, and there are many of them who have been attending the classes without a miss. He said many prisoners are willing to appear for diploma in food and nutrition exams as well. Apart from over 40 inmates appearing for UP board exams this year, there are many more who are utilizing their stay behind bars to pursue education. Right from bachelor degrees to diplomas and certificate courses, these inmates are studying various courses.Inmates who are appeared for graduate or postgraduate exams attend the classes in morning and evening sessions at the jail premises and are hopeful of performing well in the exams. Elaborating on other courses, Gaur said that about two dozen inmates would be appearing for graduate exams.American education reformer Horace Mann had famously said, \"A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.\" His words seem to have motivated the inmates of Naini jail.No breakthrough yet: The police have not got any clue in the attack on a grocery trader in Attarsuiya. Makhan Lal, 55, was shot at by some unidentified miscreants near Kalyani Devi temple under Attarsuiya police station on Sunday morning.Station officer Attarsuiya said the injured trader is undergoing treatment at a hospital where his condition was stated to be stable. He added that the family members of the victim have not been able to provide any clues regarding the incident. The family members have told police that Makhan Lal did not have enmity with anyone.Makhan Lal was on a morning walk when two bike-borne miscreants came to him and shot at him. Lal fell on the road and was rushed to a hospital by locals. A case under section 307 of IPC was lodged with Attarsuiya police station.Traders on Monday demanded police to work out the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335392", "title": "Rajnath raises NH-24 issue in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ghaziabad MP Rajnath Singh took up the problems faced by commuters on National Highway 24 in the Lok Sabha on Monday. He blamed the highways ministry for not starting work to widen the congested stretch in Ghaziabad which witnesses massive traffic jams everyday.Although the ministry had come out with two proposals - in one case even floating tenders - to deal with the snarls, no work has been done so far. The plan to widen the 20km stretch between Delhi border and Dasna was scrapped although the highways ministry had finalized the bidder. It had come up with a new proposal to do away with all the traffic lights on the stretch by constructing underpasses and service lanes for facilitating movement of local traffic. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336397", "title": "Seminar on disaster and environment mgmt held", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day International seminar on 'Disaster and Environment Management: A Global Perspective' organised by the Institute of Management Studies, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) began on Monday.Global warming , natural and man-made disasters, rehabilitation and disaster management practices for mitigating the vulnerability of the affected areas and people were discussed at length on the occasion. Dr Prithish Nag, vice chancellor, MGKV discussed the implications of different kinds of disasters and their management, while DR Anil Kumar Sinha, vice chairman, Bihar State Disaster Management Authority (BSDMA), Bihar insisted on disaster risk reduction and prevention programmes by explaining the effectiveness of these practices in mitigating the impact of disasters.\"Prior aim of disaster management is to achieve peace of mind and said that the disasters are always local in spite of being national. That is why we need to enhance public awareness about the disaster prevention techniques,\" added Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336802", "title": "Experts stress \u2018spiritual medication\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: The mega event of IMA College of General Practitioners (IMA-CGP), the 30th Refresher Course, got off with a flying start with record attendance of over 700 delegates who took part in the refresher course this year. The day two of IMA-CGP refresher course on Monday was dedicated to special lectures like doctor's and law, medical disorders in pregnancy and promotion of intellectual health.The speakers on the occasion stressed upon the spiritual medication and development of better resistance in body apart from medical treatment.The day two of IMA-CGP was divided into three lectures by renowned specialists. The first session was dedicated to new concepts of 'Doctors and Law', which was elaborated by Dr Rajesh C Shah, consultant surgeon &amp; medico-legal expert and president of the Indian College of Surgeons, Ahmedabad.While addressing the reporters, Dr Shah said that the Indian doctors are held in high esteem all over the world. It is perhaps one privileged class among all the professionals in the country which ranks first in the list of the so-called \"brain drain\" scenario, he added.\"History is evidence of the fact that since time immemorial, our sages and hermits had ventured into the mysteries of nature and discovered hidden treasures in herbs, plants, rocks and other elements and practiced various curative arts which are now being 'rediscovered' around the world,\" he added.The expert also added that most of the epidemics can largely be attributed to civil neglect, inadequate research and vector control in the country. \"Doctors use to delay the treatment and also believe in referring the cases. The medical treatment must be above law and order to heal the gap between the medicos and patients,\" said Dr Shah.He also informed that steps like medical scrutiny should be upgraded for clear and lawful treatment.Elaborating the 'intellectual health story of cognitive revive', Dr Chitranjan Andrade of the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuroscience and the speaker of session two said that everyone slows down as the age grows. The slowing is very evident with regard to our bodies, he added.\"For example, our strength decreases and we move more slowly. Even though it is not so obvious, we also slow in our minds. That is, our capacity for mental activity decreases, and our mental speed falls,\" added Dr Andrade.This decrease can be detected using neuropsychological tests from the age of 25-30 onwards. The mental slowing becomes more noticeable in everyday activities by the age of 60 or so. Also, most of the people over the age of 60 no longer engage in activities that are mentally strenuous.Dr Uma Singh, professor of gynecology, CSMU, Lucknow, while elaborating medical disorders during pregnancy, said that most of the pregnant women in the country are anemic. Also, the maternal mortality of Uttar Pradesh has reached to 311 deaths per lakh deliveries.She added that symptoms like vomiting, stomach ache and loss of appetite should be dealt with urgently. \"We must ensure that jaundice never reaches an advanced stage,\" the doctor said, adding that mortality rate in pregnant women due to hepatitis hovers around 10-15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12335996", "title": "Land acquisition for Madurai airport soon", "text": "MADURAI: The expansion of the Madurai airport has moved a step closer to reality. The state government has issued orders clearing acquisition of 20.40 acres of land for airport expansion work. This is the first instalment of land meant for the airport.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) had asked the government to provide 800 acres to extend the existing runway and construct other facilities to convert the airport into international standards. Following this, the transport department issued a government order approving acquisition of 20.40 acres from Ayanpapakudi village in Madurai for the project.Sources in the district administration said that \"sanction for land acquisition is being given in instalments. We have received orders to start acquiring land at Ayanpapakudi. There is no instruction about status of the remaining land.\"A senior official of the AAI said, \"We are yet to get the full chunk of land for expanding the airport. The state government has promised that land will be acquired and handed over on time. The airport has a new terminal and a 7,500 feet runway. We are planning to extend the runway to 12,500 feet for which more land will be needed.\"Though the airport is ready to handle international traffic, a lengthier runway will allow airlines to bring in wide-bodied passenger and cargo flights. There have been demands to make Madurai into an international airport. Passengers from the city currently depend on Trichy airport to fly abroad.Once commissioned, the new integrated terminal at Madurai can handle around 500 passengers per day. \"We are planning to install three aerobridges. All works have been completed to install the aerobridges which are expected to arrive along with those meant for Chennai airport. AAI has floated a common tender to procure aerobridges for all its airports,\" said another AAI official.He said that there was a huge potential for international services from Madurai. \"Services to Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Dubai, Sharjah, Maldives and Colombo can be operated from Madurai airport. The airport is being expanded as part of the initiative by AAI to develop smaller airports in the state,\" he added.There is more scope for cargo also as AAI is planning to convert the old terminal into a cargo complex at Madurai.The airport has been declared as customs airport from January 1, 2011 by the ministry of finance and Madurai Central Excise Commissionerate has been told to handle customs at the airport. Immigration counters have been put up which now await deployment of personnel by the Union home ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336200", "title": "Residents meet police chief over rape of 9-year-old", "text": "NASHIK: With no progress in the rape investigation of a nine-year-old girl, a group of locals, comprising mostly women called on police chief Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, on Monday.The victim was reportedly raped by an unidentified person who posed as a cable tv service man, in a residential society near Dhamankar corner on Trimbak Road, on Friday at 8pm.Despite interrogating local cable service men, gathering clues from the scene of the crime and launching ahunt using sketches of the perpetrator, the police are reportedly not getting any leads into the case. Meanwhile, a wave of fear has pervaded the local community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336147", "title": "Allahabad High Court rejects plea on re-counting of votes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday dismissed a writ petition filed by a candidate of the Congress party, seeking re-counting of votes of Koll assembly election in Aligarh district.Through his petition, the petitioner challenged the election of Zamir Ullah Khan, who won the assembly election from Samajwadi Party from 75 Koll assembly constituency in Aligarh district.This order was passed by a division bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Baghel on a writ petition filed by Vivek Bansal who was defeted by the SP candidate.The petitioner claimed to be the secretary of the All India Congress Committee and had been the member of legislative assembly and is presently the member of legislative council. The petitioner had said that he lost the assembly election by a margin of 599 votes only.He was shown to be leading in counting in 23 rounds, but ultimately lost the election. His counsel R Sripat contended that for re-counting of votes, the petitioner had submitted a written request to the district election officer, but the result was declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339102", "title": "'Agent Vinod' banned by censor board in Pakistan", "text": "Is 'Agent Vinod' banned in Pakistan? A post by Atrium cinema, a multiplex chain in Karachi, states that the censor board of Pakistan has banned the film so the film will not be releasing in Pakistan.Sources say that the reason could be Pakistan itself. There are several references made on Pakistan in the film. Besides, Saif Ali Khan has even mentioned during some media interactions that his character travels to Pakistan to solve a mystery. Meanwhile, the cinema's post on 'Agent Vinod' ban has received mixed reactions.Some Pakistanis are sad that the film may not be releasing in Pakistan however there are others who are happy and say that a film showing Pakistanis as terrorists should be banned.'Agent Vinod' is considered to be the second big awaited film of 2012 and Pakistan is an important business territory for any Bollywood film. If the film fails to get a release, the distributors will lose nearly Rs 3-5 cr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339479", "title": "Cars to get expensive", "text": "With the new tax rate, G P C Nayar, chairman of SCMS Group, would have to spend Rs 45.7 lakh as road tax for his Rs 3.5-crore Rolls-Royce Ghost, for which he paid Rs 24.4 lakh as road tax recently.After the Union and State Budget proposals coming in succession, cars will get more expensive in Kerala. Last week, the Union Budget increased excise duty by 2%, leading to compact car prices rising Rs 4,500-Rs 10,000.With the proposals in the State Budget, the increase will be between Rs 9,000 and Rs 26,000 for hatchback models. Car owners will be adversely affected by two proposals in the State Budget - the first one being change in road taxes and the second being hike in VAT (Value Added Tax). For a popular model like Maruti Alto, the VAT hike will drive up prices of the car by Rs 3,000, which is in addition to the 2% excise duty increase in the Union Budget a few days ago; hence, the total impact will be Rs 9,000 from April 1.Kerala is considered a predominantly hatchback market and a 1% increase in VAT will affect 50,000 car owners next year. The new road tax will affect roughly 25,000 car owners in fiscal 2013. Finance minister K M Mani said in his Budget speech that the changes in the road tax system would bring in an additional Rs 115 crore in revenues next fiscal year. A Hemachandran, commissioner of the Kerala Motor Vehicles Department, said the new road tax system effectively addresses anomalies in the earlier taxation scheme, contrary to the immediate reaction from buyers.\"If you look at details of private vehicles registered last year, it is clear that the new tax rates will affect only 30,000 new cars. Last year, we registered 1.6 lakh private vehicles of which a majority was below the Rs 5-lakh price range,\" he said.\"We will be able to raise Rs 50 crore from cars priced at above Rs 15 lakh. Last year, we registered 2,236 cars in this price segment. Similarly, from MUVs and SUVs in the price range of Rs 10 lakh-Rs 15 lakh, we could raise an additional Rs 20 crore, and last year, we registered 6,500 of them. Another Rs 35 crore could be raised from cars in the price range of Rs 5 lakh-Rs 10 lakh and we registered 50,000 of them last year in Kerala (but half this figure includes cars priced under Rs 5 lakh and with engine displacement of 1,500-cc - which won't be affected by the tax rise),\" Hemachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12336329", "title": "HC orders demolition of Badachhata mutt", "text": "Cuttack: The Orissa High Court on Monday directed the Puri administration to demolish the unauthorised portion of Badachhata Mutt constructed adjacent to the Jagannath temple.The division bench of Justice B P Das and Justice Sanju Panda observed that the mutt poses a threat to the Lion`s gate and Meghnad Pacheri (boundary wall). They said the first floor of the two-storied mutt is illegal and has ordered to raze it.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), the custodian of the shrine, will now complete the demolition work within two months as per the court order. \"The bench has ordered to raze the first floor of the two-storied Badachhata mutt because it is illegal. The court has also directed it to demolish a portion adjacent to the Meghnad pacheri,\" said Biswanath Rath, counsel of Jagannath temple administration.The court has directed ASI to go about the demolition in a scientific manner so that no damage is caused to the temple. The court observed that the demolition is required for the safety of the age-old temple, and asked the mutt authorities to co-operate with the district administration.Earlier, the court had ordered to demolish a portion of the Chhauni Mutt that is just next to the temple and poses threat to the temple`s boundary wall and gumuta. The two mutts located adjacent to the temple had moved the High Court challenging the Puri district administration's contention that their structures were a threat to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12336197", "title": "\u2018Cop\u2019, \u2018guard\u2019 con woman of gold", "text": "MARGAO: A 65-year-old woman, Shahida Begum, was relieved of the gold ornaments she was wearing by two persons, who impersonated a security man and a policeman at Margao on Monday. The culprits fled with the jewellery worth around `two lakh.Police sources said that Begum, a resident of Margao, was walking along the road at Malbhat when she was accosted by a person in security uniform who pointed to a man in khaki standing nearby, saying that the \"cop\" had called her. The \"cop\" told her not to go further along that road wearing jewellery as a murder had occurred there.He suggested that Begum remove the gold ornaments she was wearing and place them in her bag. Begum did as she was told. The culprits even offered her some paper to wrap the ornaments in, but she declined, preferring to use her own paper.When she placed the ornaments inside her bag, Begum realized something was amiss. She opened the wrapper only to find aluminium bangles in place of her gold ornaments. Begum tried to raise the alarm but by then, the duo had already fled on a motorcycle. Based on her complaint, Margao police have registered an offence against the unknown accused. Margao police are also of the view that an organized gang has been operating in the area. Police have urged people to remain alert and inform them of any such instances immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336257", "title": "All India Council of Technical Education says no to new institutes", "text": "LUCKNOW: All India Council of Technical Education has decided to put a blanket ban on opening up of new engineering and management colleges across the country from academic session 2013-14. The directive has come after the Council found that the supply is outstripping the demand for engineering and management seats in the country.Take the case of Uttar Pradesh. In the past five years, the number of engineering institutions has increased by 215. The number of engineering colleges till 2012 stands at 333, which was only 84 in 2005-06. More shocking is the total number of seats filled in these institutions. A total of 25,903 students took admission in various engineering colleges after qualifying the State Entrance Examination (SEE) 2011. However, the total seats offered by the university is 1,15,379.The condition of the management courses is no better. The total number of management colleges in UP as of now is 421. The figure five years back stood at 139. In 2005-06, UP was home to only 93 management institutions. As per the figures obtained from SEE 2011, merely 4,373 students took admissions in various management colleges as against 32,228 seats. This means roughly 13% students were admitted last year.In such a situation where the number of seats exceeds far than the number of students, putting a restriction in opening new colleges came as a breather for educationists. Pro vice-chancellor, Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU), Prof VK Singh said, \"The mushrooming of colleges had to stop. In our state, not more than 20% students are taking admissions. The numbers have declined in the past 3-4 years. AICTE's move will definitely help state like UP in providing better education.\"Prof Singh added that technical education in UP is going through a bad phase. \"We don't have trained staff and teachers. With no proper infrastructure, we are not able to do justice with the students,\" he said. True to his words, the new colleges are severely facing shortage of trained faculty and obviously no proper laboratories, and classrooms.But not all are happy with the decision. SK Shukla, registrar, Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad rejected the Council's move. Shukla who has had a close look at the state's technical education in the past years, said, \"A blanket ban will not serve the purpose. The restriction should be prudent. This way, areas like Bundelkhand will continue to suffer as there is a dearth of engineering and management colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336145", "title": "Rein in over-zealous supporters: Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The incident of firing in the air by supporters of newly sworn-in minister Mehboob Ali to celebrate his arrival in Amroha has apparently not gone down well with Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. Mulayam has called a meeting of all the ministers and party MLAs at the party headquarters in Lucknow on Tuesday apparently to issue guidelines on the conduct of the MLAs and their supporters in public. Earlier in the day, Mulayam cautioned the party leaders to ensure decent behaviour in public else stringent action would follow.Taking a cue from the SP president, the newly appointed director general of police (DGP) Ambrish Chandra Sharma too issued a seven-point advisory to the police chiefs of all the districts in the state to curb such incidents. The advisory states that the police must keep a tab on such welcome ceremonies in their respective jurisdictions and video graph the entire event after informing the organisers about restrictions on public display of firearms and ammunition. If required, the police may recommend the district magistrate to clamp section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) so that action could be initiated against the offenders.The action came after media persons took up the issue of minister Mehboob Ali's supporters firing in air at his welcome function in Amroha on Sunday. Several rounds were fired in the air from licensed revolvers and guns to mark the minister's arrival at his home district.Speaking to reporters on the issue Mulayam said, \"No action whatsoever which causes inconvenience to the common man, can be justified, be it the ruling party leaders or opposition party workers. I have won the elections so many times, have been a minister and then chief minister. But, I have not approved of the party workers using firecrackers to celebrate the victory and success, what to talk of firing in the air.\" Mulayam also put on the onus on the party leaders to ensure that their supporters do not indulge in such acts in the future.People in UP have expressed fear of SP leaders and party workers going berserk once the party comes to power, drawing their apprehensions from the situation that prevailed during the previous SP regime in Uttar Pradesh that came to an end in 2007. Aware of the public sentiments, the party has taken extra care to ensure a positive change in the perception of the common man. As a result, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav sacked as many 15 party men for creating during the swearing in ceremony, which took place on March 15.This apart, the party has sacked another half a dozen persons for their alleged misbehaviour in public or with public servants including the alleged manhandling of an officer at the employment exchange in Ghaziabad. SP workers had even clashed with the police in three different incidents after their candidates were declared defeated in the polls on March 6.In another incident, a 12-year-old boy (identified as Danish) had died after he was hit by a stray bullet during victory procession of SP candidate Iqbal Mahmood from Sambhal assembly seat on March 6.This apart, scores of agitated party workers attacked the media persons in Jhansi moments after the SP candidate was declared defeated at the counting centre. The SP state president Akhilesh Yadav was quick to respond and directed the administrative officials to ensure proper police action into the incident. As a result of this, an FIR was lodged against the SP candidate and his aides, the same night. However, the accused SP candidate is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335752", "title": "Saravana Bhawan owner moves court to fly out for treatment", "text": "CHENNAI: Sentenced to life imprisonment in a murder case, P Rajagopal (66), founder of the popular hotel chain Saravana Bhavan, has approached a city court seeking return of his passport so that he can travel abroad for treatment. He is currently on bail.In his petition, Rajagopal said he was suffering from an orthopaedic problem and wanted the fourth additional sessions court to return his passport. When the matter came up earlier, sessions judge S Rajagopalan had directed him to be present in court on Monday. But he failed turn up. The case has now been posted to March 27 for further hearing.The prosecution has raised objections to returning his passport. In the counter-affidavit filed on Monday, city public prosecutor M Prabhavathy said there was no mention of any orthopaedic problem in the admission or discharge summary submitted by the hotelier when he underwent a medical checkup recently. She pointed out that the court would be \"transgressing on the Supreme Court order suspending the sentence of the convict\" if his passport was returned.\"An appeal against the life sentence is pending with the Supreme Court. The apex court granted him bail. It would only be proper for the convict to approach the Supreme Court for permission to leave the country,\" Prabhavathy said.Rajagopal was convicted in the abduction and murder of Prince Santhakumar in 2001. According to the prosecution, Rajagopal, under the advice of an astrologer who predicted a lifetime of riches, madly wooed Jeevajothi, daughter of a Saravana Bhavan employee. The hotel chain owner wanted Jeevajothi, barely 20 then, to become his third wife. But when he failed in his advances, he plotted the murder of the man she eventually married, Santhakumar, a maths teacher. The hotelier directed his eight henchmen to abduct and murder Santhakumar in October 2001. Santhakumar's body was found in Kodaikanal.Jeevajothi's complaints and statements, besides other circumstantial evidence and the depositions of the henchmen, firmly linked Rajagopal to the murder, leading to the sessions court awarding a 10-year imprisonment in April 2004.In March 2009, a specially constituted division bench of the Madras high court enhanced the sentence to life imprisonment. Five henchmen were also sentenced to life. Three others were sentenced to imprisonment up to two years.On a petition of ill health, the Supreme Court in May 2009 granted him bail till the disposal of his appeal against the sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336013", "title": "CM gives assurance on cases against students", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reiterating his government's commitment to ease the suffering of students facing various cases during the spate of agitations, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday informed the Assembly that cases cannot be lifted at a single stroke as being demanded by various political parties, as each case had to be resolved separately.Responding to requests from members, the chief minister said, \"We are really concerned about the career of students. We are taking care to see that they did not lose out an opportunity to apply for government jobs. Each case is being dealt individually and a separate government order is being issued after following due legal process. Though it is taking some time, we are ensuring that they do not face problems in the future. We are facing some resistance from public prosecutors. The home minister will make a statement on the number of cases cleared on students and also present a status report on the current situation.\"Meanwhile, MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi criticized the government and opposition for leaving out cases filed against Muslim minorities, who have been accused of fuelling communal violence. Both TRS and TDP members too wanted the government to direct police officials to put an end to the practice of students being forced to visit local police stations for marking attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12336696", "title": "Shoddy MGNREGA show in Jharkhand", "text": "BOKARO: MGNREGA ombudsman Gurjeet Singh on Monday expressed concern over poor performance of the central scheme in the state. \"Of the 32 lakh job card holders, there are 30,000 lucky people who have got 100-day work under the MGNREGA in this financial year, which is not even 1% of the number,\" Singh said while talking to newsmen. Not providing work to villagers is not the only loss, but the state has also suffered loss in getting assets which will be built if jobs are provided to rest of the 31 lakh workers, he added.In 2007-08, the state has spent Rs 2,236 crore in MGNREGA work but till now in 2011-12, the government spent Rs 875 crore. This shows the poor face of state in implementing MGNREGA work, Singh said. He, however, pointed out four main reasons which were affecting proper implementation of the MGNREGA work in districts - improper selection of work, villagers not getting work on demand, delay in wage payments and lack of work site facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335732", "title": "Arun Jaitley discloses assets worth Rs 158 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha and senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley has disclosed movable and immovable properties worth Rs 158 crore.Also, two other BJP candidates - Shanker Veghad and Mansukh Mandavia - have also declared assets worth crores. The Congress re-nominated Pravin Rashtrapal as member for Rajya Sabha. Rashtrapal has assets worth over Rs 90 lakh.Election to fill soon-to-be vacant four Rajya Sabha seats were announced earlier this month, with terms of BJP Rajya Sabha members Arun Jaitley, Vijay Rupani, Kanjibhai Patel and Rastrapal set to end on April 2.It was in August last year that elections for three Rajya Sabha members were held. Ahmed Patel, political secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi , along with BJP leader and TV actor Smriti Irani and veteran party worker Dileep Pandya from Banaskantha district were given Rajya Sabha membership.Jaitley, who filed his nomination for the third consecutive term from Gujarat on Monday, has declared movable and immovable assets worth Rs 158.02 crore in his own and his wife Sangita Jaitley's possession.In his affidavit filed along with the election form, Jaitely declared movable property worth Rs 38.97 crore in his name, while Sangita disclosed movable property worth Rs 38.36 crore. The senior party leader in his affidavit also declared immovable property, including land and properties worth Rs 34.70 crore and his wife had properties worth Rs 46 crore.Another BJP candidate Shanker Veghad declared assets worth Rs 5.8 crore. Veghad stated that he has movable assets worth Rs.1.30 lakh in his name and Rs 3.08 lakh in his wife's name. He stated that he also has properties worth Rs 5.37 crore in his name and properties worth Rs 45 lakh in his wife's name.Mandavia declared movable assets worth Rs 20.56 lakh in his name and the same worth Rs 5.17 lakh in his wife's name. He also declared immovable assets worth Rs.1.51 crore in his name.Congress candidate Pravin Rashtrapal declared movable property worth Rs 43.17 lakh in his name and the same worth Rs 9.51 lakh in his wife's name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12337412", "title": "Lokeshwar is Manipur speaker", "text": "IMPHAL: Congress legislator Thokchom Lokeshwar Singh (45) has become the youngest speaker of the state assembly. He was elected unopposed on Monday - the first day of the tenth assembly - as no other MLA had filed a nomination for the top post. Protem speaker Laishram Nandakumar Singh formally announced the election of Lokeshwar, who won from Khundrakpam constituency in Imphal East for the second time in a row, before Governor Gurbachand Jagat delivered his inaugural address in the afternoon.In his speech Lokeshwar, who held the post of deputy speaker in the ninth state assembly, said, \"While discharging my duty as Speaker, I shall honour both the ruling and opposition without any partiality. I will respect the sentiments and aspirations of all the ethnic groups while important issues of the state are being discussed in the house. I shall also seek the advice of senior leaders and parliamentarians so that I can discharge my duty without fear and partiality. I am sure all the honorable members would work collectively for the welfare of the state and I shall try my best to work in line with this collective responsibility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12337202", "title": "State government, Army tussle over 483 acres of land in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The Rajasthan government and the district administration are struggling to get precious 483 acres of land worth crores of rupees, situated just 1-km away from the Jaisalmer town, from the possession of the Army.The Army is allegedly neither leaving the prime land, locally famous as the Girdhar Camp, nor paying the nearly Rs 280 crore demanded for it by the district administration.District collector MP Swami said that as per the state government's directions a letter has been sent to the Army to deposit the price money of this land. \"But the Army has not deposited the amount,\" Swami said.Defence spokesperson Colonel SD Goswami said land issues pertaining to the defence were discussed in the Civil Military Liaison Conference.Four years after the Indo-Pak war of 1965, the district administration gave this land to the Army for a transit camp to park Army vehicles on a temporary basis. Over the years, five-star and three-hotels came up opposite the transit camp and the land prices in its vicinity skyrocketed.The land ownership was now disputed. As per district administration, the land was allotted in 1968 with the condition that the defence department would have to deposit its price as fixed by the state government. The government had then sent a demand letter for Rs 23.37 lakh for the land. The Army, however, failed to deposit the amount.In fact, on January 14, 1977, the Defence department sent a letter to the state government saying that it did not require the land and its allotment to the Army should be cancelled. Accordingly, on the approval of the state government, the district administration cancelled the land allotment on September 9, 1989.After some years the defence department, however, again demanded the land. The state government, on the other hand, said that the transit camp be set up within the cantonment land. The state government even asked the Army to immediately leave the land's possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335712", "title": "Make policy to control stone crushers: High court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has directed the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) to formulate a policy for regulation of quarry business and crushing of stones with observation that the state government cannot control the activity.Acting on a PIL filed by farmers from Sabarkantha district of north Gujarat, a bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala ruled that stone crushers should not be allowed to operate within one kilometre radius from a residential colony. The judges quashed permission granted by district collector to stone crushing units in Prempur village near Himmatnagar on basis of complaint regarding air pollution by local residents.Some farmers from Prempur village moved a petition complaining that despite earlier HC orders, some stone crushers and quarries were permitted to be reopened by district authorities at 645 metre from the village. This results in pollution affecting agricultural fields as well as water reservoir causing great difficulty for people living around. The PIL also complained that the blasting operations also cause substantial damage to houses.When the high court questioned GPCB in this regard, the board came up with a reason that when inspected the stones were wet and there was no blasting operations. But the petitioners maintained that GPCB granted permission to stone crushers in violation of all court orders and article 21 of Constitution.After hearing the case, HC noticed that there are 1,258 industries involved in this business and \"mushrooming of such industries is on the rise which is not effectively in control of the State Executive... Emission of dust is surely to affect the lungs and other major organs of the people involved in the business and living in surrounding areas.\"The HC observed that besides human beings, the animals and the vegetation including crops are likely to be affected unless protected. It is, therefore, the duty of the state government to take measures and effective steps for regulating the conduct of the business as has been done in many other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336140", "title": "Gang murders 21-yr-old man", "text": "Nashik: A 21-year-old youth was murdered in the wee hours of Monday in the Amrut Dham area of the city. While the police have arrested two suspects, a hunt has been lodged to nab the other four involved in the murder.The victim Lalit Vispute (21) was allegedly attacked with sharp weapons by a gang of six near Shiv Sagar hotel in the Amrut Dham area of the city. A complaint has been lodged by Sagar Somavanshi, who was with Vispute when they were attacked by the gang.Vispute who is employed with a firm that makes music systems was returning home with Somavanshi, after work. On their way home at around 2 am, Vispute got a call from Amol Surywanshi, who asked him to come near Shiv Sagar Hotel. When both Lalit and Sagar reached the hotel a gang of five was waiting for them.Soon, an argument broke out between the two parties. Somavanshi in his complaint said that the gang members said that Lalit had beaten up a man by the name of Mayur Rathod. In the ensuing scuffle, someone from the gang took out a sharp weapon and started attacking Vispute. Seeing Vispute collapse due to severe blood loss due to the attack, the assailants fled the scene.Somawanshi who also suffered severe injuries, took Vispute to Civil Hospital where he was declared dead before admission.Senior police officials reached the spot to take stock of the situation. Two suspects Manish Patil and Bhushan Patil were arrested from their residence by Adgaon police, just as they were about to escape.Assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde said that the other accused in the murder would also be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339259", "title": "Pay more for plastic bags or go with green technologies", "text": "Setting the policy for a clean and green state, K M Mani has proposed a Rs 100-crore Garbage-free Kerala programme for solving the waste disposal issues. All local selfgovernment bodies and Kudumbasree groups will be roped in the programme.Mani said subsidies to the tune of Rs 100 crore will be given to government recognized green technologies for waste treatment. Cost subsidies up to 75% will be given for vermicompost and for biogas up to 50%.The rest of the cost will be shared between local bodies and the beneficiaries. The minister in an effort to cut use of plastic bags made it dearer by raising the tax from 12% to 20%.The government will also allocate Rs 45 crore for setting up three greenhouses in each panchayat. This will help in growing vegetables and fruits using hybrid technologies in controlled environs.Cooperative banks, societies, or farmers can set up these green houses on 10 cents of land at an investment of Rs 10 lakh upwards. This project will be implemented by the district agricultural department with support from experts.The project will be set up with 75% funding from Centre and state governments. The rest will be in the form of a bank loan or direct investment by the investor. In a fillip to sanitation, Mani announced a tax cut of 5% on e-toilets. Kerala is likely to have 450 functional e-toilets by the end of this fiscal. This will make Kerala the first state in India with Connected Toilet Infrastructure. on a par with health and hygiene standards of developed countries.\"It is okay to announce policies but no implementation is taking place. Clean and green technologies are welcome especially in the background of the present waste crisis. But we have to wait and watch on how these move from paper to the field,\" said S Seetharaman, environmental activist, Environmental Protection Forum, Aluva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334782", "title": "Video telephony comes to state", "text": "BHOPAL: Public sector telecom service provider BSNL launched video telephone services in the state through its 256 Kbps broadband connection, on Monday.Mahesh Shukla, senior general manager, BSNL, circle office Bhopal, said, \"The service currently exists only in two states - Gujarat and Rajasthan. Madhya Pradesh would be the third state in the country to have it.\"The service, he says, has already found interested takers in the state, including a public sector bank.He pointed out that almost 40 % of the internet traffic is currently on the video mode. This is expected to go up to 60-70%, with video telephony.Any consumer with an existing 256 Kbps broadband connection would be provided with a 2 Mbps PVC (private virtual circuit) which, the BSNL says, would ensure high quality video calls better than the services currently provided by VOIP (voice over internet protocol) softwares like Skype , in which call drops or pixilation problems are not unusual.The video telephone would not hamper surfing speed. Multiple sites can be surfed during the video calls. Downloading speed would also not be affected, it was informed.The video telephone can also be connected to a TV or a projector. It can be used for video calls, meetings and conferences even minus a computer or a laptop.The services would be provided by BSNL for a security deposit of Rs 3,000 and would also work with an existing landline connection.Registration and activation charges for the video telephone connection are Rs 250 while the monthly rental charges are Rs 150. The video calls would be charged at Rs 2.50 per minute. Currently the service is being provide only pan-India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338811", "title": "Refinery, GAIL stand to gain from budget", "text": "Some of the schemes announced in the state budget on Monday, will support the expansion plans of the BPCL Kochi Refinery and Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) in the state. The budget announced tax support to the massive Rs 18,000 crore expansion plan of the refinery. \"This is likely to be in the form of a 15-year tax-waiver on the new products that we would be launching as part of our expansion plan. We are yet to know the details, but we had made such a demand,\" a senior official of Kochi Refinery told TOI.The budget also earmarked Rs 50 crore for acquiring land for the Rs 6,000-crore joint venture petrochemical industrial zone that the refinery is proposing to set up in Kochi. The proposed zone will facilitate development of small and medium industries that will use products from the petrochemical complex as raw materials.\"The land could be drawn either from the unused land of the PSUs in Kochi or from other land. These details have not been finalized,\" the additional chief secretary (industries) V Somasundaran told TOI.The budget proposal to allocate Rs 120 crore for the joint venture between the state government and GAIL is expected to accelerate the delivery of compressed natural gas (CNG) for the transport sector, and piped natural gas (PNG) for domestic consumers and hotels. CNG will reduce the cost and pollution in the transport sector by about 25%. PNG is safer and less costly than LPG. This will help hotels and small commercial establishments to migrate from LPG to PNG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335731", "title": "Self-financed colleges under AICTE scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) will undertake a surprise inspection of several self-financed colleges of the state next week.On basis of their inspection, the process of granting further permissions to these colleges will be started. There are nearly 60 self-financed engineering colleges.As per the present system, colleges wanting to increase their seats have to apply online to AICTE. Those colleges not getting permission could appeal against this. However, their right for appeal has been cancelled.The permissions will now be granted only on the basis of their findings in the surprise and random checking of colleges. The AICTE team will inspect the infrastructure, number of faculties, equipments, library and classrooms.The surprise inspection was necessitated after it came to AICTE's notice that several colleges did not adhere to the rules regarding faculty and infrastructure once they get the requisite permissions.Last week, AICTE carried out similar surprise checking in 80 colleges of Andhra Pradesh , which has more than 300 self-financed colleges.AICTE has also decided to carry out such surprise inspections every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335087", "title": "\u2018VIP sectors\u2019 not immune to crime", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The belief that you are safer while living in posh areas of Chandigarh has been proved wrong, as the 'VIP sectors' too have become a hub for crime these days.House burglaries, chain-snatching, thefts from parked cars and even vehicle thefts, have become routine in some of the sectors located in these areas.The posh localities of Chandigarh include 'VIP' sectors 5, 8, 7 and 9 in the central division of Chandigarh police and sectors 33, 36 and 37 in the southern division. The recent theft of a cash amount of Rs 10,000 from the guest house of Punjab Governor House in Sector 7 saw thieves entering the room, while dodging three security guards.As per the police record, a total 239 incidents of thefts including those of vehicles and household goods were reported in the city in the past two months, of which 93 were reported in certain sectors falling in central and southern divisions. Interestingly, 18 thefts out of the 93, which were reported in sectors 3, 8 and 10 were of LPG cylinders.Though incidents of thefts from parked cars after smashing of windowpanes were largely being reported from Panjab University and parking lots of different markets, the first two months of current year witnessed such incidents in the swish localities of Chandigarh too.ASP (central) Deshraj Singh, under whose area the central division falls, refused to make any comment on the increasing incidents in his area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336631", "title": "Politics leads to Senate meet adjournment", "text": "NAGPUR: After fruitful and deliberate discussions on the first day of Nagpur University's Senate meeting on Saturday, the dirty politics returned to haunt the institution again. Members and administration adjourned the meeting to attend other 'political' events in Mumbai. As a result, neither NU's budget could be passed nor the 62 questions on agenda could be addressed for which the meet was actually convened, sources claimed.Now, the meeting would be reconvened on March 30 and 31. Earlier, it was adjourned till Wednesday, but vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal received a call from Mumbai to attend the meet on distribution of students' scholarships where other VCs were supposed to participate.During first day of meeting, members forced the administration to complete last year's agenda before clearing the budget. Senior member Baban Taywade who was authorized to present the budget by Management Council tried his best to request the members to complete the formalities as he had to rush to Mumbai on Sunday for attending the All India Commerce Meet. However, the administration failed to communicate Taywade's limitations properly to the members that led to its adjournment. \"My schedule was fixed since last one year and I had apprised of the same to NU administration,\" Taywade told TOI.Except a handful of members who actively participated in discussions, majority of others were not serious about proceedings and were seen gossiping. Many wanted to go home early rather than raising various issues plaguing the university.Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) Puran Meshram informed that NU spent Rs 2 lakh on first day of the meet that included travel and dearness allowances of the members. \"If meeting continues on second day, the expenditure is not that big as we don't have to pay TA/DA bills.\" He, however, admitted that as Senate meet was adjourned, NU had to 'unnecessarily' spend Rs2 lakh again for rearranging meet.Even NU officials were unhappy over the melodrama stating that due to 'adamant' attitude of members with political background, their work was hampered. \"We had to sacrifice our weekly off on Sunday due to them and now our work will be affected on next Friday when the meet would be reconvened,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336289", "title": "Jewellers observe bandh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The jewelers of the city downed their shutters on Monday to protest against the imposition of 1% excise duty on non-branded jewellery in the Union Budget. They also met the excise commissioner and handed over a memorandum highlighting their grievances.The jewelers also took out a vehicle procession in the city. The procession started from Chowk and passed through Johnstonganj, Civil Lines, Katra, Allahpur, Kotha Parcha and terminated at Chowk.The jewellers said imposition of 1% excise duty on non-branded jewellery is against the interest of the small jewellers and would also be a burden on consumers.They alleged that the Central government is not bothered about small jewellers and also the craftsmen associated with the industry. The imposition of 1% excise duty will lead to increase in the exploitation of the small jewelers, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12335650", "title": "BPOs in Gurgaon still flouting safety rules", "text": "GURGAON: BPOs in the city seem to have conveniently ignored the decisions of the high-level meeting between the Gurgaon police and senior officials of Nasscom, BPO employers and cab operators, after the infamous Dhaula Kuan gangrape in December 2010.The meeting was chaired by the then police commissioner, S S Deswal. Among the several measures to be implemented to ensure safety of BPO employees was a comprehensive database of all cab drivers to be prepared by transporters. Also, the IT-BPO companies, where these drivers provide their services, were to facilitate the preparation of the database. Their fingerprints on a biometric device, photograph and scanned copy of driving licence were to be a part of the database which were to be uploaded on the Nasscom website.The information was to be shared with the Gurgaon police and all the firms. However, none of the measures have been actually implemented. \"Everybody seems to have conveniently forgotten about executing these decisions. The BPO companies should be doing what they are ought to,\" said a BPO transporter. Despite repeated attempts, Nasscom officials were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12335448", "title": "Woman Maoist leader held", "text": "GUNTUR: Maoist leader Tupakula Ramanjaneyamma alias Santhi, who carried a reward of Rs 5 lakh on her head, was arrested here in the late hours of Sunday. Santhi was shifted to Vinukonda where she is being interrogated by the police in connection with several cases.Santhi, who was shifted to Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB) by the Maoist leadership, had been ailing for some time. Police claimed that she and her son Yohan were picked up near Kondramutla junction in Epur mandal during vehicle checking in the late hours. The Maoist leader was walking on the main road of Vidyanagar along with Yohan when the cops traced her.Sources said Santhi was planning to meet her husband Benjamin alias Sankaranna, also a Maoist, in the jail when police took her into custody. District SP Ravichandra confirmed the arrest of Santhi and her 'associate' Yohan on Monday.Meanwhile, Maoists blew up a gram panchayat office close to the state border at Visakhapatnam, at Mudalipada in Orissa's Koraput district, early on Monday. The rebels unleashed the attack demanding that the government immediately put a stop to combing operations in the area by Border Security Force personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339000", "title": "Simbu's secret dreams", "text": "Apart from films, actor Simbu is the kind of person who mulls about a lot of things. When we met him recently, he said, \"I love cinema, yes, but that doesn't stop me from thinking about other things.\" The actor is currently busy shooting for his Vettai Mannan in Chennai.So, what does he think about? \"I've been mulling for quite sometime now about what's next on the Internet, now that we have this social networking boon, and whether I can do something concrete on that front, like launch a website or a mobile app,\" says the Vettai Mannan star.That's not all... the star also has other thoughts floating in his mind. \"Why has no one has invented anything to do with transportation in recent times,\" he asks, \"Every new creation is an improvised version of the aircraft. We haven't moved to the next level in that sector. Also, I've kept thinking if we could explore the possibility of an alternative for money as a mode of transaction. These are some of the things that I'd like to do something about, provided I get the time and equip myself with correct knowledge about them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12329530", "title": "Aamir\u2019s smart act for TV Show", "text": "When it comes to promotions, no one can beat perfectionist Aamir Khan . The actor known for his unique promotional tactics, has come up with an interesting thought for his TV Show.Aamir has recently finished shooting for his first television show 'Satyameva Jayate'. We heard the actor is doing his best in convincing brand managers handling products he has endorsed to stay as far away from this show as possible. Looking at the nature of the show, the actor has suggested that they do not buy any ad space around the show.Apparently, the show is issue-based and a serious one. Given the mood of the show and his role on it, Aamir feels that the seriousness should not get diluted by advertisements featuring him in different roles and avatars. Needless to say this intelligent actor takes wise decisions in whatever he is involved in.Let's hope the brand managers of the brands he endorses understand his point of view and are convinced enough to spend their money elsewhere. We wonder how the channel will react to this though!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12337369", "title": "Homes for kids in 'conflict with law'", "text": "SHILLONG: Three 'observation homes', two in the state capital and one in Tura, West Garo Hills, have been constructed for sheltering state children who are \"in conflict with law\", Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary informed the legislative assembly on the first day of the ongoing budget session. \"The Integrated Child Protection Scheme is being implemented for providing a safe and secure environment to children in need of care and protection as well as those in conflict with the law,\" he said.An officials in the state social welfare department said that a home for girls has also been set up by the government in Shillong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336081", "title": "Dumper driver dies in mishap", "text": "PATNA: A dumper driver was killed on the spot when the dumper collided head-on with a tractor on NH-30 near Paijava locality under By Pass police station in the wee hours on Monday.The police said that the mishap took place at around 4 am. They said that the collision created a jam on the highway and several vehicles remained stranded at different points.By Pass police station SHO Manoj Kumar said that on getting information, the local police reached the spot with a crane and removed both the vehicles from the highway. He said that the deceased has been identified as Kali Chauhan, a native of Nawada district. He said that the police have seized the tractor though its driver managed to escape from the spot after the mishap. Efforts were on to trace the tractor driver, the SHO added.Three arrested: Three criminals were arrested by the Alamganj police on Sunday night when they were planning to commit a crime at Danka Imli locality.Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said that the arrested criminals were identified as Saddam Hussain, Viru Kumar and Anil Kumar . He said that the police recovered two countrymade pistols, besides one live cartridge from them.Vendor injured: A vendor, Shambhu Kumar, sustained injuries when a tractor hit his thela in Gabh Taal locality under Danapur police station on Monday.The police said that the vendor has been admitted to the PMCH. The local police seized the tractor though its driver managed to escape from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338969", "title": "Rs 150cr for Kochi Metro, focus on transportation", "text": "The state budget presented on Monday has made an allocation of Rs 150 crore for the proposed Kochi metro rail project. Made ahead of the crucial public investment board meeting scheduled for Thursday, this is expected to accelerate the process of getting sanction for the ambitious project.Metro officials pointed that this allocation would help in speeding up the land acquisition process. \"Our first priority is land acquisition. Without completing that, no civil work can be started and the project cannot move further. The fund will also be used for any activity which can be done along with land acquisition,\" said Tom Jose, managing director, Kochi Metro Rail Limited. He also said that it would be too early to say about tax exemptions for the project. \"A clear picture on the tax components will emerge only after the PIB meeting,\" he said.Rs 5 crore has also been allocated or Vytilla mobility hub society (VMHS). VMHS managing director, Dr M Beena said that there was no shortage of cash for going ahead with the project. Out of the Rs 376 crore required to complete the project, the consortium of banks will provide an amount of Rs 264 crore. \"The state government has so far provided an amount of Rs 50 crore. We will require more funds from the government, and there is option to make supplementary demand,\" she said.Finance minister K M Mani has also made an announcement regarding setting up of mobility hub in Kottyam and Thrissur. Though land has not been identified for the project, it is expected to come up at Kodimatha in the outskirts of the town where there is sufficient land.\"Mobilty hub is a long standing demand of the people here. It will reduce the pressure of traffic in the town\", said Sunny Kalloor, municipal chairman, Kottayam. A memorandum of association called Kodimatha Mobility Hub Society with chief minister Oommen Chandy as its first member has already been formed by the state government.In Thrissur a detailed proposal has been submitted for the hub, and two places - Puzhakkal and Mannuthy - have been suggested as the locations for the project. As most of the long-route buses, including interstate, intra-state services, are plying on Thrissur-Kozhikode route, chances are high that the hub might come at Puzhakkal area.An amount of Rs 50 crore has been made for the preparatory works of the first phase of the proposed high speed rail corridor connecting Thirvananthapuram and Kasargode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335694", "title": "Superbike theft racket busted", "text": "Kolkata: Seven members of a racket that targeted superbikes were rounded up by Kolkata Police's detective department on Monday. The cops believe the arrest will lead them to crack more than a dozen cases of motorbike theft in eastern Kolkata and they suspect involvement of the same gang in some snatching cases too.The gang members were identified as Aftikar Alam alias Sonu, Imran Ali alias Chhotu, Mohammad Sarfaraj, Raju Biswas, Abdullah Khan, Arun Singh and Monirul Islam. According to police, Sonu is from Howrah and was earlier arrested in a drug peddling case a few days ago. He was released on bail along with Arun Singh, also arrested in the same case. Singh is from UP's Balia and lives in the Picnic Garden area.Sonu and Imran were earlier rounded up in a snatching case at Kamarhati, North 24 Paraganas. Another member Abdullah Khan was convicted for murder and was released from jail recently.Police said that the gang used to operate from Howrah and east Kolkata areas in the wee hours and stole seven motorbikes from the city. Four of those were lifted from Narkeldanga area this year.After breaking the handle locks of the motorbikes (mostly expensive motorcycles), they used to ride those towards the Bangladesh border. Manirul from Baduria, in North 24 Paraganas, used to receive the bikes there. He used to take the bikes to another person, probably a Bangladeshi national, to smuggle those to the neighbouring country. Police are on the lookout for another person to trace the stolen motorbikes.Meanwhile, after interrogating the members of a Maharashtra-based kepmar gang, who used to dupe people posing as cops, the cops recovered some fake police identity cards.After breaking the handle locks of the motorbikes (mostly expensive motorcycles), they used to drive towards the Bangladesh border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335148", "title": "2 parking lots may be closed in Sec 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a move to make Sector 17 a no-vehicle zone, contract of two parking lots may be terminated by Chandigarh municipal corporation in the first stage as a part of the plan. The parking wing of civic body is working out on the modalities to make it successful and simultaneously mulling over an exercise to make alternative arrangements for commuters.As per the initial plan of MC, Sahib Singh parking lot entering in Sector 17 towards Sector 18 and Empire store parking lot entering in Sector 17 towards Sector 16 are the two lots, which are being considered to be closed to construct the area for public to walk.As per the records of Chandigarh municipal corporation, at presently around 450 vehicles can be parked in Sahib Singh parking lot and around 150 vehicles can be parked at Empire Store parking lot at one time and both of these parking lots are adjoining the prime commercial area of Sector 17, where almost all prominent showrooms exist.An official of MC said, \"We can terminate the contract of the parking contractor by giving him three months notice in advance, but we do not have any written instruction from either UT or court in this regard. Since it's a UT case we cannot do anything in this regard on our own. But, we have certainly identified two lots which can be closed, if required.\"When asked, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"In its recent meeting finance and contract committee of the MC has left the issue on the UT administration and if they ask civic body to close the parking lots only then we will do it.\"Around two weeks back, Punjab and Haryana high court had instructed UT to find out modalities to make Sector 17 no-vehicle zone and present plans regarding the same to the tell the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337560", "title": "Jewellers extend strike for two more days", "text": "VADODARA: Jewellers in the city extended their strike for two days to oppose the hike in customs duty on gold and excise on jewellery items. The jewellers also held a rally on Monday and submitted memorandums to the customs and central excise department here as well as the district collector to press for their demands.The jewellers in the city were on a three-day strike since Saturday in line with a strike call given by the All India Gems and Jewellery Federation (GJF). The extension of the strike for two more days on Tuesday and Wednesday is also in line with a directive in this regard from GJF.Secretary of Vadodara Jewellers Association Atul Shah said that GJF had taken up the matter with the central government and was working to resolve the issue. \"We have also called a meeting of jewellers from the city to apprise them of the new provision,\" he said.Jewellers from the city claim that the new taxes will make jewellery more costly. They also claim that the process of taxation will make things more complicated for the business due to the complexities involving various quarters like goldsmiths, manufacturers, wholesale businessmen and retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339719", "title": "Two awards for Deiva Thiirumagal", "text": "Director Vijay's Deiva Thiirumagal, starring Vikram, Anushka, Amala Paul and Sara in the lead, has been honoured with two awards at the recently-concluded Osaka Asian Film Festival.A visibly happy Vijay says, \"The film won the Grand Prix Award (for the Best Film of the Festival) and the ABC Award (for the Best Entertaining Award). The film, which was screened twice for the audience, was well received there as well. I couldn't stay back for the awards ceremony as I had to prepare for the next schedule of my film with Vikram (Thaandavam). However, Vikram was present to receive the award.\"Thaandavam, also starring Anushka and Amy Jackson, has music by G V Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12335710", "title": "Gujarati in HC: Govt flays Centre\u2019s indecision", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government has taken strong exception to the Government of India failing to take a decision on allowing Gujarati as a medium of proceedings in the Gujarat high court.On Monday, raising the matter in the state legislative assembly, law minister Dilip Sanghani said, \"Committed to the promotion of Gujarati language and Gujarat's pride, the state cabinet on March 23, 2011, approved a proposal to ensure that Gujarati should be the medium of administrative and judicial work in the high court. The proposal was sent to the Gujarat governor, who sent it for approval to the Centre on May 5, 2011.\"The minister, considered a strong ally of chief minister Narendra Modi for long, added, \"Despite the fact that 10 months have passed, the Centre has failed to take any decision in the matter. This is gross discrimination against the state's population.\"Sanghani said, \"The high courts of Rajasthan, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have already been allowed use of respective mother tongues of these states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336916", "title": "Parents' report card decides child's fate", "text": "BANGALORE: If Apple Inc's late co-founder Steve Jobs were to seek admission for his child in a Bangalore school, chances are he would have been turned away, simply because he wasn't a graduate. Many private schools are not only keen parents be graduates but are even denying admissions to kids whose parents don't have a degree. It's all the more shocking because the state is bound to implement the Right to Education Act from the next academic year and its primary objective is to ensure every child goes to school.\"Yes, we do take into consideration the educational qualification of parents before admitting the child. Parents should at least be degree holders and we deny admission to children whose parents don't have a degree,\" said the principal of a top school near HSR Layout.Schools argue that parents should be educated so that they can help the child with homework. \"Schools cannot be the only place for grooming a child. Education begins at home and parents are a child's first teachers. Parents should be wellequipped to guide the child and help her with assignments ,\" the principal said.Schools even ask parents for proof of educational qualifications . \"We make sure the documents are not forged ,\" said the principal of another reputed school.'Violating basic right'Educationists say it's a blatant violation of the right to education. '' This approach is completely wrong. Such schools are violating the fundamental right to education and the education department should take stringent action. Right to education is a fundamental right. Parents need no qualification to keep a tab on the child's education,'' VP Niranjanaradhya, fellow, Centre for Child and Law at National Law School of India University, and member of Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights. '' Although there is no rule prohibiting schools from having such criteria, they should not do it... Asking parents such questions during admission is illegal,'' KS Krishna Iyer, secretary general, Association of Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka.Times ViewAn education system can't get more regressive if parents' educational qualification were to decide a child's right to education. Schools endorsing the argument that parents should have a degree for their ward to find a seat in their classroom need to take a serious look at their admission policies. Such a parameter could be a serious blow to the effort at making right to education compulsory in the state. A child's best teachers are certainly her parents, but a formal degree needn't always determine that. Sensible parents, irrespective of education, can impart the best lessons of life to kids.ParentspeakMy daughter's school never asked about my educational qualification . Many schools do it and it's an irresponsible attitude. If parents are not educated, does that mean even the child should be deprived of education? Such children should be given a fair chance. Rather, they should be given preference.Pramila Giria | Koramangala 3rd BlockThe child's aptitude should be the first criteria for admission . Parent's educational qualification does come handy at times, but it shouldn't be the sole reason to deny admissions. Private tuitions are always there to help us out.Lochana V | Rajajinagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335501", "title": "Mamata misses chance to reach out to Hills", "text": "KOLKATA: By refusing to back a candidate from the Darjeeling Hills to the Rajya Sabha, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has chosen to be a politician rather than a statesman. She may get one more Trinamool Congress candidate elected to the Upper House, or score brownie points over Congress, but has lost the chance to win the goodwill of the people in the Hills, say observers.Such a gesture would have come in handy when the state government is unable to hasten up the process of finalization of additional areas for Gorkhaland Territorial Administration, they say.As things stand now, the victory of the fourth Trinamool candidate depends on a number of uncertainties, like the number of valid votes and complexities of second and third preference votes. If the lone Congress candidate wins on the strength of surplus votes of the Left Front, Mamata can steal a political march over Congress by branding it the 'B team' of CPM. But PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya ruled out seeking help from the LF. \"We will make it on our own strength,\" he said.Upset over Mamata's decision not to extend support to its candidate, Gorkha Janmukti Morcha has decided to boycott the Rajya Sabha polls. If the CM had reservations about supporting a GJM nominee, she could have proposed a non-political candidate from the Hills and given the surplus votes of Trinamool to the candidate, it was pointed out. Congress would have found it difficult to deny support to such a candidate.Instead, the way GJM was told 'no', smacked of politicking. On Friday, GJM leaders had a meeting with the CM in Kolkata. That they would raise the Rajya Sabha issue was foregone as they were arriving after adopting a resolution on the subject. Trinamool leader Partha Chatterjee, however, announced the names of four party nominees before that.Senior Congress and Trinamool MLAs refused to comment on whether the Hills has been given a raw deal. \"This is not my subject, so I will not comment on this,\" Trinamool chief whip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay said. \"As AICC has taken a decision to nominate a candidate, we have to abide by it,\" Congress minister Manas Bhunia said.CPM Rajya Sabha member from the Hills, Suraj Pathak, denied that CPM, too, could have floated the proposal for a consensus candidate from the Hills. \"It should have been the duty of Trinamool and Congress to have ensured a seat to Rajya Sabha from the Hills.\"Former assembly speaker Hashim Abdul Halim said during the rule of the Left Front, \"by convention,\" a candidate from the Hills was sent to Rajya Sabha.If the CM had reservations about supporting a GJM nominee, she could have proposed a non-political candidate from the Hills and TMC could have cast its surplus votes in his/her favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12337176", "title": "Special venues &amp; menus yet to come up in city", "text": "Kids everywhere love to eat out and Pink City is no different. Not just burgers and pizzas, or cold drinks and ice-creams - kids these days love a thematic ambience which suits their age and thinking. However, while most large cities have special restaurants designed on children's theme with elaborate planned-out menus, the trend is yet to pick up in Jaipur.While the hospitality industry has much to offer for kids in terms of activities, catering is not planned keeping children in mind, at least not on a regular basis. Several malls, which have mushroomed in the city, somehow have failed to cater to this particular need.\"There is no specific menu for kids but we have the usual pizza, burger, ice-cream stalls at the food courts, which the kids love. Specific menu is given only in case of a special requirement such as birthday parties,'' admitted a senior official of a well-known mall.Not just the malls, even restaurants have failed to provide an extensive kids menu, which are quite in demand and popular in larger cities. A member of managing committee of Hotel and Restaurant Association of Northern India, Ajay Agarwal says such restaurants have not come up in Jaipur because of low demand.\"Most malls and restaurants have something to offer to kids but thematic ambience and guided menus are not a trend here. There are restaurants in other cities which are designed keeping in mind that both parents are working and may leave their kids there for birthday parties. But, this trend to is yet to catch up in Jaipur,\" reasons Agarwal.Children's restaurants and food joints may not be popular in the city, but kids here continue to get a major say in selecting the venue and menu for family dinners.\"Everytime my 11-year-old daughter Janki hears about a new joint, she insists we try it out. As she loves non-veg food, convincing her to have a veg meal outside is almost impossible,'' says Shaswat Rajguru, a teacher with a private coaching institute.Ajay Mathur and his family have a similar story to share. His teenage children decide where the family will go for dinner. \"Not just for routine dinners, they also decide the place and the menu whenever we plan to take guests out. This is despite that they often eat out at malls with friends ,'' says Ajay, a building contractor and a resident of Jagatpura.However, the increasing trend of kids eating outside is not appreciable. Rahat Bano, a senior dietician, says it has led to a rise in health problems among children. \"All these food joints offer fast food, which is unhealthy. As keeping children away from restaurants is almost impossible, it would do a world of good if they have specific, healthy menu for kids,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12337564", "title": "ATM thefts: Cops believe insiders may have helped", "text": "VADODARA: Officials investigating the March 17 ATM theft case wherein a gang of robbers fled with Rs 9.13 lakh from an ATM of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in Waghodia, suspect that some insider may have been instrumental in theft.The cops have drawn plans to question several agencies that prepare and provide maintenance services to ATMs in the city. The city police is already under pressure as the robbers lifted away two ATMs from different areas of the city within a gap of 10 days and disappeared.\"What caught our attention was that the robbers who stole money from PNB ATM managed to open the digital lock. The digital lock has a unique password divided in two parts. One part of the password is kept with one bank official and the other part is kept with another official. To open the digital lock, the officials have to enter both parts of the password,\" said a police official.\"It is impossible to open this lock without entering the password. We suspect that some person who knows how an ATM machine works or who knew the password may have helped the robbers. We are now planning to question the firms that are engaged in maintaining ATMs,\" the official added.The cops are baffled as even breaking open the digital lock takes at least two to three hours and the gang didn't seem to have spent that much time in the ATM. The police are now busy patrolling city areas during nights and ensuring that ATM security guards stayed awake. Three incidents of robbers targeting ATMs in the city in last fortnight have left the police red-faced as they have not been able to crack even one case out of it.\"The gang that targeted PNB ATM is certainly different from the earlier two cases where the ATMs were stolen,\" a police official said and added that the banks too shouldn't keep ATMs in isolated places without posting security guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339574", "title": "Implementing Innovations", "text": "Mark Taylor, dean, Warwick Business School, in conversation with Gauri Rane, talks about the importance of interdisciplinary learning in management educationQ- Can you tell us about what changes you plan to introduce to strengthen Warwick in the eyes of students, academicians and the corporate world?Our ambition is to make WBS the leading university-based business school in Europe. The strategy we have developed in order to achieve this ambition involves designing and implementing a range of innovations which break new ground for business schools, as well as demanding excellence in all of the usual, more traditional business school areas. For example, the establishment at WBS of a new teaching and research group in behavioural science. This is an explicitly interdisciplinary area which brings together economics, finance, psychology, sociology, management science and neuroscience in an attempt to understand the hidden causes of human behaviour, and we believe this approach will lie at the centre of business school research and teaching for the next generation. Indeed, WBS has already made a number of high-level appointments to establish the first behavioural science group in a European Business School, although some US schools - notably Chicago Booth - have already gone down this route. Prior to becoming Dean at Warwick, I ran a large investment fund as a Managing Director at Barclays and it became clear to me then that we need to look across the academic silos if we are to understand the real world.Q- Give us your views on the global economic scenario and its effect on how students are considering MBA qualification? Have you noticed any change in the quality and the number of applications to the school's full-time MBA programme?Applications for the Warwick full-time MBA have been challenging over the past few years. To some extent, this is in line with previous experience over the business cycle as well as consistent with the current experience of other business schools. In particular, experience suggests that during times of high uncertainty, full-time MBA candidates postpone application until a later stage of the recruitment cycle (and possibly the business cycle) while their personal circumstances clarify.Interestingly, demand for other modes of the WBS MBA study (executive, corporate and distance learning) remains robust to the cycle, while applications for our specialist MSc programmes (such as the top-rated WBS MSc in Finance) and to the WBS MSc in Management can only be described as extremely buoyant.Q- Are there any new courses Warwick plans to introduce for the undergraduate programmes?There are no firm plans at present, but it is an area we will watch carefully. We're a market leader for undergraduate programmes in Europe, but at present UK institutions are restricted by the government on the number of students we can admit. So we could only launch a non-European Union course at present and we feel this would damage the diversity of the Warwick campus by not being able to admit any student from the UK/ EU.Q- Most premier institutes opening campuses across the world, do you plan to follow suit?It's an emerging area for Warwick and something we will continue to consider. Yes, I'm aware that many institutes have opened campuses, but it'll be interesting to see their relative success. For Warwick, it'd have to be the right fit with our commitment to academic excellence, be a research active operation and mirror our culture and values.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337448", "title": "New frog species discovered in North East", "text": "GUWAHATI: A new frog species was found by herpetology researchers - Jayaditya Purkayastha of Help Earth and Masafumi Matsui of Graduate School of Human and Environmental Studies under Kyoto University, Japan at Mawphlang area, about 25 km from Meghalaya's capital, Shillong.The new species has been named Fejervarya Sengupti in honour of Saibal Sengupta, was one of the pioneers of amphibian research in the region and head of the Aryavidyapeeth College zoology department.The findings of the two researchers said the new species differs from all congeners (an animal or plant of the same genus) found in the northeast and other parts of Indo-Burma landscape in terms of body size and call characteristics. \"It (Fejervarya Sengupti) is larger than Fejervarya Syhadrensis and Fejervarya Nepalensis but smaller than Fejervarya Teraiensis frog species,\" the journal said.\"This is a new species of frog discovered from Mawphlang area during our joint research falls under the Dicroglossidae family. The field work was carried in July last year. The forest council president of Mawphlang village, Tambor Lyngdoh actively supported our work. The new discovery has proved that northeast is still relatively less explored in terms of its biodiversity, especially in case of amphibians,\" Purkayastha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338792", "title": "Mani keeps Vizhinjam hopes floating", "text": "Prospects have brightened for the much-awaited Vizhinjam deepwater international container and transhipment port near the capital with the allocation of Rs 224 crore for the project in the budget. Finance minister K M Mani said the allocation of funds would give a palpable impetus to the project for which the Union government has on the other day agreed to bear the cost for constructing a rail line from Vizhinjam to Balaramapuram.The state government had earlier given Rs 195 crore towards basic infrastructure development for the project. The second installment envisaged in the current budget would be mainly used to carry forward the land acquisition process for the project, said A S Sureshbabu, managing director and chief executive officer of the project. Vizhijam, a natural port, located near the international sea route, is expected to attract at least 50% of the container ships passing through the Suez Canal. As per estimates , at least 20,000 ships pass through the canal every year.The government of Kerala has incorporated a fully owned company --Vizhinjam International Seaport Limited (VISL) -- with the major objective of providing external support infrastructure (such as linkages and power/ water supply) for the port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339794", "title": "Chennai Times Film Awards 2011", "text": "Love Kollywood? Love the magic of the movie industry? Then it's time for you to decide who is the best in tinseltown.'Chennai Times Film Awards 2011' gives you a chance to pick Kollywood's best actor, singer, director, composer... You will have the biggest and the best in the Tamil film industry vying for your votes to help them bag the top honors of these readers' choice awards. Here are the nominations.BEST FILMAaranya KaandamEngeyum EpodhumKoMankathaMayakkam EnnaBEST DIRECTORK V Anand (Ko)Saravanan (Engeyum Epodhum)Selvaraghavan (Mayakkam Enna)Venkat Prabhu (Mankatha)Vetrimaaran (Aadukalam)BEST ACTOR (Male)Ajith (Mankatha)Dhanush (Aadukalam)Suriya (7aum Arivu)Vijay (Velayudham)Vikram (Deiiva Thirumagal)BEST ACTOR (Female)Anjali (Engeyum Epodhum)Hansika (Velayudham)Richa Gangopadhyay (Mayakkam Enna)Shruti Haasan (7aum Arivu)Trisha (Mankatha)BEST MUSIC DIRECTORGibran (Vaagai Sooda Vaa)G V Prakash (Mayakkam Enna)Harris Jayaraj (Ko)Sharreth (180)Yuvan Shankar Raja (Mankatha)BEST LYRICSDhanush and Selvaraghavan (Voda Voda Dooram Korayalai - Mayakkam Enna)Madhan Karky (Nee Korinal - 180)Thamarai (Engeyum Kadhal - Engeyum Kadhal)Vairamuthu (Sara Sara Sarai Kathu - Vaagai Sooda Vaa)Viveka (Molachu Moonu - Velayudham)BEST SINGER (Male)Aalaap Raju (Enamo Edho - Ko)Haricharan (Aariro - Deiiva Thirumagal)Harish Raghavendra - (Nenjil Nenjil - Engeyum Kadhal)Karthik (Munnandi - 7aum Arivu)Vijay Prakash (Govinda Govinda - Engeyum Epodhum)BEST SINGER (Female)Chimayee (Sara Sara Sarai Kaathu - Vaagai Sooda Vaa)Mahathi (Thee Illai - Engeyum Kadhal)Neha Bhasin (Poranae Poranae - Vaagai Sooda Vaa)Saindavi (Vizhigalil Oru Vanavil - Deiiva Thirumagal)Shweta Mohan (Nee Korinal - 180)BEST ACTOR IN A NEGATIVE ROLE (Male)Ajmal (Ko)Jackie Shroff ( Aaranya Kaandam)Jayabalan (Aadukalam)Johnny Tri Nguyen (7aum Arivu)Sonu Sood (Osthe)BEST ACTOR IN A NEGATIVE ROLE (Female)Lakshmi Rai (Mankatha)Manisha Koirala (Maapillai)Mithra Kurien (Kaavalan)Sangitha Krish (Thambikottai)Yasmin Ponnapa (Aaranya Kaandam)PROMISING NEWCOMER (Male)Ashwin Kakumanu (Mankatha)Mahat Raghavendra (Mankatha)Nani (Veppam)Shabarish (Markandeyan)Veera (Nadunisi Naaygal)PROMISING NEWCOMER (Female)Deeksha Seth (Rajapattai)Hansika Motwani (Maappillai)Karthika (Ko)Nithya Menen (180)Richa Gangopadhyay (Mayakkam Enna)BEST ACTOR IN A COMIC ROLEPremgi Amaren (Mankatha)Santhanam (Vaanam)Santhanam (Siruthai)Vadivelu (Kaavalan)Vivekh (Maapillai)BEST YOUTH FILMEngeyum EpodhumEngeyum KadhalKoMankathaThoonga NagaramBEST SCREENPLAYK V Anand (Ko)Saravanan (Engeyum Epodhum)Selvaraghavan (Mayakkam Enna)Shantha Kumar (Mouna Guru)Thiagarajan Kumararaja (Aaranya Kaandam)Vetrimaaran (Aadukalam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335212", "title": "MCD elections: 6 applications filed on Day 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: On day one of filing nominations for the municipal polls, the State Election Commission received six applications.A BSP candidate filed his nomination for the Bhajanpura seat while two Independent candidates filed their nomination papers for the Khichripur and Mangolpuri seats on Monday. Two Independent candidates filed their nominations for Jharoda, while one filed for Sarai Pipal ThalaReturning officials (RO) said it was normal for only a few nominations to be filed on the first day as the list of candidates from various political parties was yet to be released.\"We receive the maximum number of applications only on the last two days. Even Independent candidates file their nomination papers during the last four days. Many applicants are briefed about how to file their nomination papers on day one,\" said an RO from North Corporation.Nominations will be filed between March 19 and 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337281", "title": "'No need to shift Mane to mental hospital'", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution on Monday urged the magistrate court to reject Santosh Mane's (40) plea that he be shifted to the regional mental hospital here. The prosecution's report said Mane can be treated for mental illness at the hospital at Yerawada jail, where he is currently lodged.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine dead and 31 injured.Assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite filed a report through assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne that treatment for mental illness can be provided at the jail. The report was filed before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More.Pacharne said the report states that the jail has appointed three MBBS doctors and psychiatrist at its hospital. Hence, inmates can be provided all sorts of treatment, including mental illness. So, there was no question of shifting Mane to mental hospital, he argued. He prayed to reject Mane's plea filed through his lawyer Mahesh Agarwal on February 10. The magistrate reserved his order till March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339490", "title": "No plans to direct Dev, says Kaushik Ganguly", "text": "Direction is his first love and acting second. But Kaushik Ganguly is pretty good at both. The director talks about casting his wife and not casting Dev in his projects...Not just behind the camera but you seem to be making a mark before it too. How difficult is the balancing act?It is not a problem at all. To direct and act in \"Laptop\" was pretty comfortable.You are also acting in Suman Mukhopadhaya's \"Kangal Malsat\". But why so tight-lipped about it?Ask Suman. I am just an actor in Suman's film and have no idea about its publicity strategy. My work is to go on the floor and act. As publicity, some directors sell their content, some sell Tagore, some their lead cast, while some others sell nudity... it becomes their film's greatest USP. How Suman will plan his publicity is entirely his call.Tell us something about your role in the film.I essay Marshal Bhodi, who lives in a different world altogether. It's a difficult role and I had no reference on how to portray the character. There were times when I insisted that Suman take eight-nine shots to get that perfect take. By God's grace my director is happy with my performance.Two directors on the sets. Any clash of ideas or is it smoothsailing as both of you are university friends?Tiffs can happen when two idiots work together, but when two intelligent and sensible persons are working, you can't expect such things. I never faced any problem while working with Rituparno Ghosh or Anjan Dutt. Suman is a great person to work with. As an actor I love to surrender to his style of filmmaking.So, did you want to become an actor or a director?When I was young, I wanted to become an actor. But at 20-21 I realized that I'm capable of bagging only powerless secondary roles. That apart, I used to write scripts. I somehow felt that directors were unable to convey what I wanted to express through my writings in their projects. I realized that a director has the supreme power unlike any other technician in an unit. Since then, my journey as a director began. Today, direction is my primary profession, then comes acting.But people say Kaushik is a brilliant actor...Hotey pare! May be I'm a competent actor but not a professional one. Honestly, I don't enjoy when people say, 'Tumi actor hishebe khub bhalo'. It could be some people like my secondary profession more than my primary job. But let me tell you, there are directors who praise my acting, yet never cast me in their films.Can a powerful actor become a good director or vice versa?Ekjon director er ekta onno sotta thake, ekta film mount korar khomota thake, he has to have the power of cooking which might not be there in a powerful actor. There are many cinematographers, actors and technicians who made bad films despite knowing the science of filmmaking.Coming to directors do you think there is rivalry among them?Keu toh mukhe bole na, amio boli na. I feel the day rivalry among the Tolly fraternity will stop, it will spell death for the industry. I think, rivalry is a positive thing if it centers around creative instinct and aesthetics. But if rivalry is success-oriented, then the industry will collapse.What hassles you most in this industry?Cheap politics, megalomaniac people, unprotected concepts, political influence in cinema and cleavage used as a film's USP.Recently at League of Stars 2012 you said that half of those present were there to get a glimpse of Dev, because of his popularity. Any plans to direct him?Dev is the biggest star of Tollywood but I have no plans to direct him as he caters to a different segment altogether. I will be cheating the audience if I make a film with him as I will not be able to utilize him the way other directors do. The audience expects Dev to be dancing, romancing his love on a snow-clad mountain, fighting the baddies. Sadly, I don't plan such masala films. I can never make a south remake.What is the fate of commercial films?I feel that mainstream commercial films should change for the better to get rid of its boredom. The audience is no longer dumb to watch a mindless commercial flick for the sake of foreign locales. There are countless travel-oriented programmes on the small screen for that. Brotocharir moto ek dhoroner choreography has also reached a saturation point. I wish in the near future parallel and commercial films are in an oval platform where they both merge.So, you prefer actors than stars?To me, a saleable film matters rather than saleable actors. I don't cast anyone just because he or she is a star as I strongly believe in actors.What happened to the American producer, Edwin, who showed interest in producing \"Nirbasito\"?Negotiations are still on. They are more than eager to produce the film. But nothing is on black and white yet as I am little lazy from my side. If they mail me eight times, I answer back twice. (Laughs)Have you informed this to Taslima?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "satsang", "code": "12331540", "title": "Managing your relationships", "text": "Satsang: SadhguruMuch of the anxiety i experience comes through my relationships. Isn't it reasonable to expect some understanding from other people?When you live in this world, there are various complex interactions happening. As your field-of-play increases, complexity of interaction also increases. If you are just sitting in a cubicle, working on your computer with only one other person, you need only a little understanding; but if you are managing a thousand people, you need good understanding of everybody - you won't be able to manage if you want all these people to understand you. You need to understand the limitations and capabilities of these thousand people and do what you can; only then will you have the power to move the situation the way you want it to go. If you are waiting for these thousand people to understand you and act, it is a pipe dream; it won't happen.The closer the relationship, the more effort you need to make to understand them. Somebody becomes closer and dearer to you only as you understand them better. If they understand you, they enjoy the closeness of the relationship. If you understand them better, then you enjoy the closeness. It is not that the other person is totally bereft of understanding. With your understanding you can create situations where the other person would be able to understand you better. If you are expecting the other to comply with you all the time while you don't understand the limitations, possibilities, needs and capabilities of that person, then conflict happens; it is a given. Unfortunately, the closest relationships have more conflict going on than between enemies.In your relationships, you have fought many more battles than this and are still fighting, isn't it so? This is because your line of understanding and theirs is different. If you cross this Line of Control, they get mad. If they cross it, you get mad. If you move your understanding beyond theirs, their understanding also becomes a part of yours. You'll be able to embrace their limitations and capabilities. In everyone, there are positive and negative aspects. If you embrace all this in your understanding, you can make the relationship the way you want it. If you leave it to their understanding, it will become accidental. If they are magnanimous, things will happen well for you; if not, the relationship will break up.Do you want to be the one who decides what happens to your life? Whether they are intimate relationships, professional, political, global or whatever, don't you want to be the person who decides what happens in your life? If you do, include everything and everybody into your understanding. Enhance your understanding to a point that you can look beyond people's madness also. There are wonderful people around you, but once in a while they like to go crazy for a few minutes. If you don't understand that, you will lose them. If you do, then you know how to handle them. Life is not always linear; you have to do many things to keep it going. If you forsake your understanding, your capability will be lost. Whether it is a question of personal relationships or professional management, you need understanding; otherwise, you will not have fruitful relationships.The way you are right now, the very quality of your life is decided by the type of relationships you hold. Make the effort to understand people around you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335038", "title": "SC to examine plea for relook at Lalu Prasad disproportionate assets case judgment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to examine Chhattisgarh government's unusual request -- to reconsider its two-year-old judgment giving relief to RJD chief Lalu Prasad and his wife Rabri Devi in a disproportionate assets (DA) case while holding that a state government was barred from filing appeal in a case investigated by the CBI.In the Lalu case, the SC had ruled in April 2010 that the state government could not appeal against acquittal of the accused even if CBI refused to challenge a trial court or high court decision favouring the accused. It had dismissed Bihar government's decision to appeal in the HC against the trial court order to acquit Lalu and his wife in the DA case.The Raman Singh government, while challenging the acquittal of ex-CM Ajit Jogi's son Amit in a 2003 murder case, said the 2010 judgment was contrary to the criminal justice system under which the primary authority relating to administration of justice vested in the state government.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and S S Nijjar issued notice to Amit Jogi after the state government, through senior advocate L Nageshwar Rao, pointed out that the 2010 judgment by a three-judge bench was contrary to another judgment of the apex court on an identical issue. The court posted the matter for hearing on April 10.The state said that though CBI enjoyed limited federal jurisdiction in investigation under the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, this did not oust the state government from its role of administering the criminal justice system, including prosecution. Hence, it continued to have a right to appeal an acquittal in a CBI investigated case, it said.\"The decision of the apex court in Lalu Prasad's case requires reconsideration for not only is it flawed in the manner in which it construed the state, but unwittingly upset the delicate balance between the Union and the state in relation to administration of justice,\" Chhattisgarh said in its appeal filed through advocate Atul Jha.In the prevailing circumstances where allegations are afoot that closeness to the central dispensation decided how seriously the CBI went after the accused politician, the denial of right to the state to appeal against acquittals could seriously dent the criminal justice dispensation system, the state said.\"As a result of the 2010 judgment, the power of the state to appeal an acquittal is taken away. A reading of the judgment shows that there are serious legal issues that warrant a reconsideration of the judgment,\" it added.Though 31 persons were accused in the murder of a political leader, the trial court in its May 2007 judgment convicted 29, and acquitted Amit Jogi and another person. The state government filed an appeal in the HC in July 2007. \"The CBI deliberately and intentionally delayed the filing of appeal by more than three-and-a-half years. While the state's appeal was dismissed following the SC's 2010 judgment, the CBI appeal was dismissed on the grounds of delay,\" it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336052", "title": "Education department heads pass the buck", "text": "Nashik: NMC education officer Nitin Upasani said, \"The parents were protesting the school's actions at the wrong place. I asked them to go to the deputy director. Now, the state information commission has issued a correct order. Four people were appointed at the inquiry committee to look into the allegations against the deputy director.\"He said he had submitted in writing to the deputy director that the CBSE and ICSE boards did not come under the NMC. He added that the zilla parishad (ZP) had the right to give no-objection certificates to these schools. SK Walvi, education officer, ZP, said he had no clue who gave the NOC to the school and said that he would look about the matter. He excused himself saying that he was in Nandurbar and had been posted to Nashik only three months back. His deputy, Prakash Andhale, said that the deputy director may be responsible for giving NOCs.Kumudini Bangera, headmistress of an ICSE school, confirmed that the deputy director is responsible for issuing NOCs to CBSE and ICSE schools. \"These schools have to apply for it at the mantralaya in Delhi and after three years, the deputy director has the authority to issue the NOC at the local level,\" she said. The deputy director was, however, not available for comment.The principal of another lCSE school said they have to keep following it up with the local authorities. \"Because of harassment by local authorities, the ICSE has decided not to open any more schools in the state,\" she said. A CBSE school headmistress alleged that education officers are biased against English-medium schools. \"They ask us to stop providing CBSE, ICSE curriculums,\" she said. \"The New Era case should be an eye-opener for parents, they should conduct proper inquiry,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336907", "title": "Mysterious visitors for Reddy at dawn, dusk", "text": "BANGALORE: The arrested former tourism minister, G Janardhana Reddy , remains a recluse as far as his jailmates in Parappana Agrahara Central Prison are concerned.But a few mysterious visitors turn up once dusk sets in and meet him in a secluded room, sources in the prison said. Reddy, arrested by the CBI in connection with illegal mining, has these mysterious men also turning up before the crack of dawn. They bring some files and papers and are closeted with the jailed leader for long hours. The meetings have been happening since Saturday . On Monday, too, three men turned up with a bundle of files and papers around 5am, jail sources said.Reddy has been housed in the third room of the first floor of the VIP block. \"But Reddy's cell is smaller than where former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had been lodged,\" the sources said.Clad in blue-stripe shirt, Reddy was seen walking into the visitors' room on Monday.\"He wakes up around 6 and takes a stroll in the alley opposite his cell. By 7am when other prisoners emerge from their cells, Reddy retires into his room,\" the sources said.Around 9am, a jail official takes English, Kannada and Telugu newspapers from the prison library to Reddy's cell. \"Around that time, breakfast too arrives from outside.\"Though Reddy lives alone in his cell, a few of his men hang around either in the waiting room or outside the jail premises. On Sunday, a 25-litre mineral water can was brought for Reddy,\" the sources said.Reddy has got his cell equipped with a 22-inch LCD TV. '' He summons jail officials at least twice a day and gets his cell cleaned,'' the sources said.Chanchalaguda Jail Was A Torture: ReddyJanardhan Reddy prefers Parappana Agrahara prison to Chanchalaguda jail. He even compares the AP prison to a '' torture chamber'' . '' My arrest was politically motivated. Barring the first few days, I was deliberately ill-treated till the last day I was in ChanchalAguda. I know that people are trying to finish me off politically. That's why I faced mental harassment in Chanchalaguda jail,'' Reddy told a jail official in Parappana Agrahara prison. '' In Chanchalaguda, I was forced to spend time alone. Jail officials would give newspapers only after much insistence. I was made to take bath in open beneath a tree,'' the jail official quoted him as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335112", "title": "Mumbai Central long-distance trains shifted", "text": "Mumbai: Western Railway has decided to temporarily shift a few long-distance trains till March 24 due to yard remodelling work at Mumbai Central.The Mumbai Central-Ahmedabad Gujarat Mail and Ahmedabad-Mumbai Central Passenger will terminate at Dadar, while Mumbai Central-Ahmedabad Passenger will start from Dadar.Mumbai Central-Firozpur Janata Express will terminate and starr from Bandra. Dahanu Road-Mumbai Central Shuttle will end at Andheri, while Mumbai Central-Valsad Fast Passenger will start and end at Dadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12337155", "title": "Veggie rates burn a hole in pocket", "text": "LUDHIANA: Homemakers in the city are wrecking their brains over ways to manage their household budget that is suffering the effects of shooting price of vegetables. In the last months price of vegetables have gone up by two to three times. Most homemakers complain that if things continue the way they are going, most vegetables will have to go off the dining table.Salochana Goenka of Sarabha Nagar said, \"A month ago I bought brinjal for Rs 30 a kilo but now it has gone up to Rs 50. Cucumber was Rs 20 and now costs Rs 40. Our family budget has increased from Rs 3,000 to 4,000. But we have no option because one can't do without vegetables.\"Another homemaker Harvinder Kaur, who stays in Pakhowal Road, said, \"There has been about 50% increase in my budget for vegetables and I am cutting short on the variety I buy. Brinjal, lady's finger and bottle gourds are out of my menu these days. If earlier I used to spend Rs 1,500 on vegetables in a month, I have to shell out as much as Rs 2,500 now.''Prem Nagar-resident Anupam Chibba said, \"With the rates shooting up we are forced to pick and choose what vegetables we eat. However, there are some things like cauliflower, cabbage, tomato and potato that one cannot avoid in food. We hope that rates will come down soon.''Vegetable sellers in the city justify the costs, claiming that vegetables are being brought from outside the state. \"We will get new crop of vegetables from Malerkotla area very soon after which the prices of vegetables are expected to fall,'' said Muhammad Jameel, a vegetable shop owner in Sarabha Nagar.Bablu Kumar, another vendor in Pakhowal, said, \"Even though rates of vegetables have doubled and even gone up thrice, they have not gone up as much as was expected. Middle and upper class families can still afford most vegetable though the poor are suffering.''Muhammad Saqhib, owner of a vegetable shop in Field Gunj, said, a??a??The cost of inputs, especially labour charges have increased for vegetable growers which is why their rates are also shooting up.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12337482", "title": "Move to revive dhamail dance", "text": "SILCHAR: Steps are being taken by a non-government organization to revive and popularize 'dhamail', a form of Bengali folk music and dance, in the Barak Valley area of the state. Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Sanskriti Sanmilan (BUBSSS), an apex literary and cultural body in this part of southern Assam , has initiated a detailed project towards this purpose.As part of the programme, BUBSSS hosted a two-day workshop on the folk music and dance form on Saturday and Sunday at Children's Park in Silchar. 'Dhamail' is practised in areas influenced by Sylheti culture, including Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi districts of Assam, parts of Tripura and the erstwhile district of Sylhet in Bangladesh . The dance is performed mainly by the womenfolk during marriages and other auspicious occasions.According to cultural activists, the popularity of the dance form is on the wane in the age of globalization.BUBSSS members said in the workshop at least 10 dhamail troops have been invited from across Barak Valley, and rural areas in particular, to function as resource persons. Aspirants who participate in the workshop will be trained in the song and dance form. Consequently, such workshops will be organized in Karimganj and Hailakandi as well, the organizers said.They said on the basis of reports and documentation of the workshops, the next phase of training would be announced.Sources said Radha Raman Dutta (1833-1915) is considered as the father of the 'dhamail' dance tradition. He was an influential Sylheti folk music composer and poet from the Sunamganj district in Sylhet, Bangladesh.According to a cultural activist, this dance form does not include any other instruments apart from hand claps; sometimes, a 'karatal' is used. While performing the dance, women , clad in Bengali-style saris, move in a circle clapping their hands to the beats of the music. The songs are first sung by the leader and then the others join in the chorus. The lyrics mainly relate to Shyam (Krishna) and Radha. Gradually, the beat/tempo increases and finally reaches a crescendo. In between there are breaks for the ladies to have paan, shupari (betelnut) and tea.BUBSSS functionaries said owing to modernization of society and increased influence of multimedia, the popularity of this dance form is on the decline. \"This is a matter of concern for the Bengali-speaking people of this region because apart from dhamail, Bengalis living in this part of the country have no other traditional folk dance and music form of their own,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12334603", "title": "Nepal may ban Gorkhas from joining foreign armies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The blood-curdling \" Ayo Gorkhali\" battle-cry, backed by the wickedly-curved khukris, may soon lose its long-standing welcome resonance in the Indian Army, with the Nepalese government again moving towards banning the recruitment of Gorkhas in foreign armies.The Indian defence establishment is watching with concern the Baburam Bhattarai government's fresh move to eventually halt the recruitment of Gorkhas in Indian, British and other armies in line with the recommendations of its parliament's report \"Nepal's Foreign policy in the Changed Context, 2012\".\"As per our information, it's a proposal being studied in Nepal as of now...no final decision has yet been taken. We are tracking it closely,\" said a senior defence ministry official on Monday.Over 25,000 Nepalese currently serve in the Indian Army's seven Gorkha Rifles (Ist, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 8th, 9th and 11th), each of which has five to six battalions (800 to 1,000 soldiers each), drawing basically from Rais and Limbus of eastern Nepal and Gurungs and Magars from the west.They make up almost 70% of the Gorkha Regiment, while \"Indian domicile Gorkhas\" from places like Dehradun , Darjeeling and Dharamshala constitute the rest. \"Rais and Limbus in 11 GR, for instance, come both from eastern Nepal as well as Darjeeling,\" said an officer.There are roughly another 20,000 Gorkhas in Indian paramilitary and police forces like Assam Rifles. \"Moreover, India has over 80,000 ex-servicemen, 17,000 retired Assam Rifles personnel and 11,000 widows to look after in Nepal. The serving and retired together draw around Rs 1,200 crore annually as salaries and pension from India,\" he said.Defence minister A K Antony told the Lok Sabha on Monday that India was going to extend the benefits of its ECHS (ex-servicemen contributory health scheme) to retired personnel in Nepal through three polyclinics at Kathmandu , Pokhara and Dharan, which will also have mobile clinics.The number of serving Nepalese Gorkhas is quite small to operationally matter for the 1.13-million Indian Army, which is much more worried about China's deft strategic inroads into Nepal at the moment.But the force remains very devoted to continuing its two-century-old \"glorious tradition\" of recruiting the intrepid and doughty Gorkha soldiers, with Maharaja Ranjit Singh being among the first to tap their never-say-die fighting spirit in the early 19th Century.British Indian Army's Gorkha regiments won a dozen Victoria Crosses and other top laurels in World War I and II, before they were divided between the British and Indian armies in 1947.Since then, the Indian Gorkha Rifles in India have also proved their mettle in all conflicts and counter-insurgency operations, ranging from the Hyderabad police action in 1948 to the 1999 Kargil conflict, winning the highest gallantry awards like the Param Vir Chakra, Ashok Chakra and Mahavir Chakra.\"Indian Army shares a unique and special bond with the Gorkhas and their credo `Kafir hunu banda marnu jati' (better to die than be a coward)...They are superb, unflinching soldiers. We obviously would like to continue with the tradition,\" said a senior officer.The Gorkha Brigade, which celebrated its diamond jubilee in February, after being constituted in 1952 by Major-General D K Palit to foster esprit-de-corps, has produced several top Indian Army commanders, including chiefs like Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw and General Gopal Bewoor.The present Army vice-chief Lt-General S K Singh is the current Gorkha Brigade president as an officer from the 8th Gorkha Rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12339916", "title": "Microsoft to launch Windows 8 in Oct: Sources", "text": "WASHINGTON: Microsoft Corp will finish work on Windows 8 this summer, setting the stage for personal computers and tablets with the operating system to go on sale around October, according to people with knowledge of the schedule.The initial rollout will include devices running Intel Corp and ARM Holdings Plc chips, making good on Microsoft's promise to support both standards, said the people, who declined to be named because the plans are confidential. In embracing ARM technology, Microsoft is using the same kind of processors as Apple Inc's iPad. Still, there will be fewer than five ARM devices in the debut, compared with more than 40 Intel machines.The timing would let Microsoft target Christmas shoppers with the new software, which works with touch-screen devices as well as laptops and desktop PCs. The Redmond, Washington-based company, which hasn't announced timing for the Windows 8 release, aims to take back sales lost to the iPad and reinvigorate the sluggish PC market. Apple released the third version of the iPad this month, creating an even bigger challenge for Microsoft.\"If they miss the September-October timeframe, they're going to be stuck without being able to ship anything in 2012,\" said Michael Gartenberg, an analyst at Stamford, Connecticut- based Gartner Inc. \"The last thing Microsoft wants to have is a situation where there are no compelling Windows tablets at a time when the new iPad looks like it's going to be a good seller for the holidays.\"April event Microsoft will host an event for its industry partners in early April, the people said. The company will spell out its release strategy for Windows 8, giving more details on timing and marketing, they said.There will be fewer ARM-based devices in the rollout because Microsoft has tightly controlled the number and set rigorous quality-control standards, said one of the people. The new version of Windows will be the first to use ARM processors, which are most commonly found in smartphones. Windows 7 , the current version, only works with Intel's technology.Three of the Windows 8 ARM devices will be tablets, the people said.Mark Martin , a spokesman for Microsoft, declined to comment, as did Intel's Jon Carvill. Representatives of Nvidia Corp, Texas Instruments Inc and Qualcomm Inc, the three chip companies that are supplying ARM-based processors to the makers of the new computers, referred questions on the availability of devices to Microsoft.More than 103 million tablet devices will be sold in 2012, with sales rising to 326.3 million in 2015, according to Gartner. For now, Apple remains dominant, accounting for two- thirds of the market in 2012, Gartner estimates. The company's share will drop to 46 per cent by 2015, while Microsoft's percentage will climb to 11 per cent.Difficult adjustment Getting Windows 8 ready for Intel processors is the easier part -- Windows has always run on Intel chips. The full version of Windows has never run on ARM products, meanwhile, so that process is taking longer. When Microsoft released a test version of Windows 8 for developers in September, the software only ran on Intel technology.Steven Sinofsky, president of the Windows business, has said repeatedly that Microsoft plans to have both ARM and Intel- based systems available when Windows 8 is released.\"Our collective goal is for them to ship at the same time,\" he said in an interview last month. \"I wouldn't be saying it's a goal if I didn't think we could do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12338666", "title": "Google probed over Android privacy", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, the world's largest web-search provider, was questioned by France's data protection authority to determine whether policies for mobile devices running its Android operating system and information collected using \"cookies\" violate European privacy rules.The National Commission for Computing and Civil Liberties, known by its French acronym as CNIL, asked Google to reply to the list of 69 questions on its privacy policy before April 5, according to a statement on the regulator's website.The questions \"reflect the need for legal clarifications on your new privacy policy and in particular on the sharing of user data across Google services,\" according to CNIL's letter to Google Chief Executive Officer Larry Page .Google's privacy policy is under review by France's data- protection agency acting on behalf of other European regulators. The Mountain View, California-based company defied two requests by CNIL to suspend changes to the policy while it determined whether those changes comply with European privacy standards.Google is \"confident that our new simple, clear and transparent privacy policy respects all European data protection laws and principles,\" the company said in an e-mailed statement acknowledging it had received letter dated March 16 and would respond \"in due course.\"CNIL, which worked with other European agencies to devise the list, asked Google about which services would cause a cookie called \"PREF\" to be stored on the user's equipment, and what information it would collect and why.Safari browserThe regulator didn't cite Apple Inc's Safari Internet browser in sections on cookies and browser settings, though it did ask when Google might \"consider it legitimate to circumvent browser enabled third-party cookie blocking\" and whether it recognized a user's browser settings as a way to say what sort of tracking and privacy was expected.In the US, the Federal Trade Commission is examining whether Google effectively deceived consumers by planting cookies on Safari, bypassing Apple software's privacy settings, said a person familiar with the matter last week.Google said last week it \"didn't anticipate this would happen\" with the cookies and said it has been removing the files since the issue was uncovered.Google's Android, used on smartphones and tablet devices made by companies like Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, is also a focus of CNIL's questions. The regulator asked if devices running the operating system leave personal information like contact lists, text messages and location data accessible to mobile applications.CNIL asked Google when it would combine data, either from different user accounts on the same family computer or from \"authenticated services\" like its Gmail e-mail platform to services like Google Maps , which don't require authentication, if the function is done on the same browser or computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340121", "title": "Italians' abduction: Negotiator doubts Odisha govt's sincerity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR, A day after the Maoists named three negotiators to talk to the Odisha government on the Italian hostage crisis, one of them showed reluctance to join the process today voicing doubts over sincerity of the administration towards meeting the 13 demands of the ultras.Civil rights activist and lawyer Biswapriya Kanungo, one of the negotiators, said, \"Past experience shows the state government has failed to keep its word. It will be pointless to be part of talks if the government backtracks later.\"Apart from Kanungo, the Maoists had last night nominated Narayan Sanyal, politburo member of the CPI (Maoist) currently lodged in Giridih jail, and civil rights activist Dandapani Mohanty as their representatives to hold talks with the government to end the six-day hostage crisis.Kanungo said he was reluctant to act as interlocutor because the mediators who negotiated during abduction of the then Malkangiri collector last year had accused the government of failing to implement the demands it had accepted.Moreover, no one had consulted me before nominating me as a nogiation, he said.Besides naming the negotiators, the Maoists announced a ceasefire and set a fresh deadline till this evening for acceptance of 13 demands including withdrawal of cases against the ultras and release of some rebels.The move came in response to the Odisha government's offer for talks to end the crisis.The names of the negotiators chosen by Maoists had been conveyed through the media and now the state government's response was awaited, Mohanty, convenor of Jana Adhikar Manch, said.On the state government's response, a senior official said the matter was being examined and a clear picture would emerge very soon.The development was seen as a positive sign towards resolution of the crisis.Puri-based tour operator Paolo Bosusco and Italian tourist Claudio Colangelo were abducted while trekking in Kandhamal on March 14.Selection of mediators by the kidnappers came shortly after chief minister Naveen Patnaik asked the red rebels to nominate their representatives without any further delay and announced halt to the coercive action by security personnel if the Maoists stop violence.The Maoists have extended their deadline, which had ended on Sunday evening, till this evening for acceptance of their demands including an immediate halt to the combing operation by security forces and release of their leaders and some tribals, said Mohanty.Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi spoke yesterday to his Indian counterpart S M Krishna who assured him that the Odisha government was taking all steps to secure the duo's early release.\"There will be no coercive action by security forces as long as the Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist) does not indulge in any violence and other unlawful activities,\" the chief minister had told the state Assembly last evening in the wake of the opposition alleging failure in tackling the situation.Patnaik also invoked humanitarian aspect to urge the ultras to free the foreigners in view of concerns expressed by their families in the cities of Rome and Turin in Italy.The Italians were taken hostage on March 14 but the Maoists had reported it late on March 17 through the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338836", "title": "'For once, I'd say Pritam hasn't copied'", "text": "While a lot is being said in the context of similarities between Iranian band Barobax Corp's \"Soosan Khanoom\" track and Pritam's \"Pungi\" number from \" Agent Vinod \", the Indian composer has found an unlikely supporter in someone who has all along being quick to catch Pritam's influences.Says Karthik S, who heads a site that chronicles plagiarism in the Indian film industry, \"The only similarity between Barobax's \"Soosan khanoom\" and \"Agent Vinod\"'s \"Pungi\" is the rhythm loop that plays in the background.Tune-wise (or genre-wise) both the songs are similar to other songs like \"Hawa hawa\" by Hassan Jehangir but owe their origins to the 70s Iranian song, \"Havar havar\" by Kourosh Yaghmai and Viju Shah's song from \"Aar ya paar\" called \"Tamma ele\". There is no basis for alleging that Pritam copied the Barobax song since the tunes are completely different and rhythm similarities could be tracked back or explained to commercial loops. For once, I believe Pritam is in the clear.\" While talking about plagiarism in context of Pritam, Karthik says, \"There have been quite a few such lifts by Pritam. \"Dhoom\"'s wildly popular title song is a clever mix of Jesse Cook's \"Mario takes a walk\" and Amr Diab's \"Enta ma oltesh leh\" from the 2003 album, \"Allem Alby\". Gangster's \"Ya ali\" is a direct lift off Arabic band Guitara's \"Ya ghaly\" (from their 2002 album, \"Qisati\"). The same film's \"Tu hi meri shab hai\" is nothing but a lyrical version of Oliver Shanti &amp; Friends' \"Sacral Nirvana\", which was an instrumental track but the tune was exactly copied by Pritam. The most damaging lift by Pritam, in my opinion, is \"Woh Lamhe\"'s \"Kya mujhe pyar hai\". This was lifted from Indonesian band Peter Pan's \"Tak bisakah\". Another song from the same film, \"Chal chale\" is also a direct copy from a 1965 track called \"A world of our own\" by the band The Seekers. \"Pehli nazar\" from \"Race\" too is a direct lift from the Korean song, \"Sarang hae yo\" by Kim Hyung-sub. It was part of the soundtrack of a 2005 Korean tele-series titled \"Kwae-geol chun-hyang\". But the instances of direct, tune-based plagiarism cases seem to have come down dramatically since 2010.\" In fact, Karthik insists that the most recent allegations against Pritam are nothing but misunderstood notions of plagiarism. \"It is all about an instrument here, a rhythm loop there, and so on. These are strictly grey areas, where the use of the word plagiarism is wrong and misleading. So, either Pritam has turned a new leaf, or he has become considerably smarter - applying musical inspirations in areas other than the tune. Besides, the first two lines of a Tamil song (by composer Vidyasagar ) from the film \"Madura\" (2003) are very similar to Barobax's song. I would also like to mention that Pritam has gone out of his way to mention not one but two songs as source for the first song in \"AV\". Both the sources are mention in the CD. If he can mention two sources, why will he hide the third?\" asks Karthik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336172", "title": "Passport Seva Kendra commences operation", "text": "PANAJI: Passport applicants can now rejoice. The much touted and applicant-friendly Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) of the passport department was formally inaugurated at the Passport Bhavan, Patto-Panaji, by Muktesh Pardeshi, joint secretary and chief passport officer at the ministry of external affairs (MEA) on Monday.This is the 55th PSK in the country, albeit the sole PSK approved for Goa, and has been developed by Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). The web-based Passport Seva Project (PSP) is transforming the entire passport application process in the country by making it convenient and transparent.Passport applications will now be processed in 30 minutes and applicants will know the status of their applications on the spot.Addressing media-persons, Pardeshi said, \"The government has joined hands with TCS, one of the best IT Company in the country to improve services to citizens. The new system will eliminate delays, and there will be no rush or queues.\" It will bring transparency and accountability in the application process and empower citizens, Pardeshi added. Golok Simli, principal consultant, PSP, MEA, said \"granting (approval) will be done in front of the citizen\". He revealed that all the 77 PSK planned will be in operation across the country by the end of April.Rajesh Dongra, head - all-India operations PSK, TCS, hailed the launch of \"the path breaking e-governance project\", and said it would bring about transformation in the level of services. Dongra felt the PSK would bring \"transparency and certainty in the minds of people as applicants will know the status of applications\". Krishan Kumar, passport officer for Goa, noted that the passport office receives 140-175 applications every day. He assured the public that \"you will be comfortable in all stages (of application process)\". Under the new system, all applications have to be done through an online passport portal - www.passportindia.gov.in. Application instructions are provided on the portal. Appointments (to the convenience of the applicant) are generated with each application. A bar-coded token system has been installed at the PSK and will guide applicants to any of the seven separate counters where they can submit their selfattested documents and pay the fees (which remain unchanged).The signature, photograph and fingerprints are recorded on the spot and merged with the application. Dual monitors have been installed and the applicant can point out any mistakes in the application which are rectified on the spot. The entire process is expected to be completed in less than 30 minutes after which applications are sent for police clearance. TCS has set-up a nation-wide toll-free helpline - 1800-258-1800 - to handle PSK related queries from the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pritam's \" pungi\" song from saif ali khan's starrer \" agent vinod \" is courting controversy. iranian pop band barobax corp has sent a legal notice to pritam, eros, t-series and illuminati films for allegedly copying from its 2010 number - \" soosan khanoom\". the band has three iranian nationals khashayar moradi haghoo, kevian haghgoo and hamid farouzmand. excerpts from an interview with khashayar", "code": "12339777", "title": "'We don\u2019t want to sing for Bollywood'", "text": "Pritam's \" Pungi\" song from Saif Ali Khan's starrer \" Agent Vinod \" is courting controversy. Iranian pop band Barobax Corp has sent a legal notice to Pritam, Eros, T-Series and Illuminati Films for allegedly copying from its 2010 number - \" Soosan khanoom\". The band has three Iranian nationals Khashayar Moradi Haghoo, Kevian Haghgoo and Hamid Farouzmand. Excerpts from an interview with Khashayar:How did you come to know about the \"Pungi baaja\" number from \"Agent Vinod\"?I came to know about it from satellite television. I have seen the song on YouTube . Our fans also told us about the song.Where exactly do you find a similarity between \"Pungi baaja\" and your song, \"Soosan Khanoom\"?The first 10 seconds of the music of \"PB\" are completely a copy of our number. The first vocal melody is the same. We have also made a comparison video to show the similarities. The background vocal is similar. What's even more shocking is that the visual expression and dancing steps of Saif Ali Khan and my expressions in our video is also a copy. There is one girl singing a little portion in \"PB\". The melody of that portion is also a rip-off.The first 10 seconds of your song has a rhythm loop which is very common in terms of middle eastern melodies. Tune-wise (or genre-wise) both the songs are said to owe their origin to the 70s Iranian song \"Havar havar\" by Kourosh Yaghmai. Are you influenced by \"Havar havar\"?Every second of our song, including the melody, has been composed by us. Our song is registered under the copyright laws of Canada . I know of the \"Havar havar\" song but I have not heard it. Unless I hear it, I can't comment on this.Have you filed a lawsuit on this already?We have sent a legal notice to all the four parties involved in the song. That includes Pritam, Eros, T-Series and Illuminati Films. None of them have got back to us. If we don't hear anything from them, we will file the lawsuit on Tuesday morning.What kind of compensation are you looking at?The movie has been produced on a budget of 60 crore. We haven't yet decided on the compensation amount but it will be in crores.There is a buzz that says that you are claiming this because you want publicity and a career in Bollywood.. .We don't want to sing for Bollywood. If we do that, we will be banned in Iran. So our agenda here is just to ensure that no one copies from us. Pritam had earlier been accused of plagiarism and we will not let him go scot-free.Censorship is a huge issue in Iran what with many directors, models and even bands being banned in your country. What's your take on that?Every country has its own laws. We have to respect that. If we go out of the country, shoot a video and perform outside, we will be banned in Iran. We have never done that and, hence, are not censored.Do you miss not having women in your videos?When we don't have girls in a video, it is more creative. That's what makes our videos more funky and unique.Do you watch Hindi movies?Yes. We have watched \"Sholay\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335971", "title": "Man stabbed to death in city gym", "text": "HYDERABAD: A history-sheeter of the Chandrayangutta police station was murdered allegedly by his rival gang members at a gym in Kanchanbagh on Monday morning.The victim was identified as Mohammed Ilyas, 29, of Phoolbagh in Chandrayangutta. At about 9 am, nine persons armed with swords and knives stormed into God's Power Gym in Santoshnagar, attacked Ilyas and immediately fled from the spot. Ilyas suffered critical injuries and died on the spot.According to police, 10 criminal cases, including two murder cases, were booked against Ilyas at various police stations in the city. Task Force sleuths had arrested him on February 9 in a murder conspiracy case. He was a close associate of Rein Bazaar history-sheeter Mohammed Fayyaz and a staunch rival of another history-sheeter from the same police station, Hamza bin Omer alias Zaffar Pahelwan.Police said Zaffer Pahelwal was the prime suspect in the murder case as he had been reportedly threatening Ilyas to back off from deposing as witness in an assault case (crime number 169/342) booked in 2009 at the Rein Bazaar police station. Pahelwan also bore a grudge against Ilyas for falsely implicating him in Fayyaz gang member Salem's murder which occurred in Bhavani Nagar in May 2011.\"Ilyas did not heed to Zaffar's warnings and recorded his evidence before court on March 14 in the assault case booked against the associates of Zaffar. We suspect that the murder was a result of this rivalry,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Manish Kumar Sinha said.Following the murder, police raided the houses of Zaffer and his associates, but all of them were found missing. Special teams have been formed to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335146", "title": "Leopard under IAF runway survives over a week despite odds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The leopard marooned in a cable-carrying pipe underneath the IAF runway has survived more than a week surmounting all odds even as the UT Forests and Wildlife Department intensified efforts to rescue the big cat by placing another automatically-operated cage with a live bait.Fire brigade hoses flushed water down the pipe, which is more than 75 feet long and is less than 3.5 feet in diameter. The water drew a putrid smell from the pipe giving rise to the possibility of the leopard having stored some kills like a stray dog in the pipe.Senior officials said there was a possibility of the leopard even being a female with a cub or being pregnant. If the leopard has food inside, it will further delay the plan to rescue it by starving it and forcing it to walk into the cages. In order to get the leopard into the cage, officials had earlier blocked one end of the pipe and placed a cage at the other end. \"However, we have opened the other end of the pipe and placed another automatic cage, which shuts on its own once the animal enters. We have now two cages at either end with live baits of a goat and a dog. The cries and smell of these live baits should attract the leopard,\" said a senior official.\"We have seen the leopard with flashlights and it is active. Its eyes glow like a conical yellow-redish orb in the light. We cannot administer a tranquilising dose because it would be very difficult for a man to enter the narrow pipe (which has a maze of cables) and pull out the unconscious leopard for administering the antidote to the tranquiliser,\" the officials explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335908", "title": "He sweats it out for your breezy train journey", "text": "CHENNAI: Everyday for 19 years, G Rajaraman has been saddled with a job no one else in Southern Railway seems to want.The 56-year-old electrician cleans fans of suburban trains and paints them at the Electric Multiple Unit (EMU) workshop in Tambaram. He even cleans fans of trains that are to be handled at the Perambur workshop (there are two EMU workshops in Southern Railway) as no one there wants the 'unclean' job.Rajaraman, whose three children are lecturers, dropped out of school after Class 9 and joined the railways as a \"khalasi\" (helper), a class four category post, in 1979. Over the years, he worked in various capacities, including as cleaner and electrician at the boiler making unit for steam engine in Villupuram. In 1993, when the steam supplier unit shut down, he was transferred to the EMU workshop at Tambaram where he has remained. Since then, he says, he hasn't got a promotion nor has been given the job he is trained to do - electrician.Everyday around 7.30am, he removes 70 sets of fans, the blades and their steel frames from one compartment and wheels them to the shed - around 200 metres away - in a trolley. The shed, with a tin-sheet roof and asbestos sheets for walls, provides pathetic cover during the monsoon and worse, is surrounded by thick vegetation. There is no illumination.At work, he soaks each part in oil for a few minutes and cleans it. After half-an-hour, it is coated in chromium coating and left to dry for over an hour. After a small break for lunch, the painstaking process begins again. By the time all the sets are cleaned and painted (he uses coir as brush) it is- time to and take them back to refit them in the coach. His work officially ends by 4.30pm, but the requirement that he complete at least one compartment every day so that he leaves for home only by 8 pm. Manpower shortage workshop ensures that like most of his colleagues, he too works for over-time from time to time.The job, which seems easy to describe, is \"tiring, both mentally and physically. But unfortunately, others too feel strongly about it and do not want to take it up. So, I am here,\" said Rajaraman, who has four years of service left.\"For years, we have been demanding that he (Rajaraman) be provided with safety equipment and a gunner for painting and a mechanised trolley with a support staff. But all our pleas have fallen on deaf ears,\" said a senior member of the Dakshin Railway Employees Union (DREU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336459", "title": "Houston varsity, Banaras Hindu University hold talks of joint courses", "text": "VARANASI: The second round of talks regarding the possibility of starting joint degree courses between University of Houston and Banaras Hindu University was held between Lalji Singh, vice chancellor of BHU, and a delegation from University of Houston on Monday.According to BHU spokesperson, different disciplines at Masters level will be identified for this joint degree courses. It may be mentioned here that joint degree programmes, joint research projects, faculty exchange programmes, sandwich courses, joint workshops were discussed and explored during the meeting.Vice chancellor of BHU was also given the invitation to visit Houston University by the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335367", "title": "SC notice to Gujarat on Nanavati panel not questioning Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the Gujarat government and the Justice G T Nanavati Commission inquiring into the 2002 post-Godhra riots on a PIL seeking a direction to the panel to summon and examine chief minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in the communal riots.A bench of Justices D K Jain and A R Dave sought reply of the state and the inquiry panel on the PIL filed by one Amrish Patel representing NGO Jan Sangharsh Manch. His counsel, senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, alleged that despite sufficient proof about \"complicity\" of the CM, the panel had not questioned him even once during its decade-long inquiry.Although the terms of reference for the Nanavati Commission was expanded in 2004 to include probing the alleged role of Modi, the NGO's plea for summoning of the CM was rejected by the panel in September 2009.The NGO had unsuccessfully moved the HC, where a single judge bench and a division bench rejected its plea. The state had opposed the petition questioning Patel's locus standi on the ground that under the Commission of Inquiry Act, no third party could be permitted to raise demand for questioning any person.Interestingly, a three-judge bench headed by Justice Jain had recently referred the report of the Special Investigation Team, which had investigated under apex court's monitoring the alleged role of Modi in the riots, to the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12337416", "title": "Sangma budget hikes levy on alcohol", "text": "SHILLONG: Chief minister Mukul Sangma presented a Rs 382 crore deficit budget for 2012-13 on Monday with a proposal for an increase in levy on alcohol and tobacco in order to generate additional revenue for the state. The fiscal deficit of Rs 382 crore is around 2.06% of the gross state domestic product (GSDP) and a 37 crore reduction as compared to that of 2010-11.The CM, who also holds the finance portfolio, tabled a plan budget of Rs 3,535 crore, the actual size of which will be finalized shortly in consultation with the Planning Commission.He proposed to introduce ad volarem levy and increase VAT on liquor in addition to a proposed enhancement in licence fees. \"VAT on tobacco and tobacco products will also be increased from Rs 12.5 to Rs 13.5. There is also a plan to include beedi in the tax net by way of amendment of the appropriate schedule,\" Sangma said.He proposed to raise the ceiling in the rate of professional tax with the nod of the Centre by amendment of Article 276(2) of the Constitution. \"These measures are expected to generate additional revenue to the tune of Rs 12 crore,\" he said. According to the CM, the total receipts in 2012-13 are estimated to be Rs 6,999 crore, excluding borrowings and other liabilities.\"Plan grants from the Centre are expected to be Rs 3,459 crore while the state's own revenue is estimated to be Rs 1,190 crore, an increase of 381 crore and Rs 210 crore respectively from the current year,\" Mukul said.The government has proposed an outlay of Rs 747 crore apart from a non-plan outlay of Rs 506 crore for the education department. It has also proposed Rs 744 crore for the public works department, Rs 723 crore for agriculture and allied sectors, Rs 301 crore for PHE, Rs 290 crore for power, Rs 282 crore for CnRD and Rs 228 crore for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336099", "title": "Army jawan found dead", "text": "PATNA: An Army jawan, Anil Kumar Sakiya, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at a raised platform close to the office of Danapur divisional railway manager under Khagaul police station on Monday.Police said that Sakiya, a native of Arwal district, was posted at Tezpur in Assam. He had come to his native place on February 17 and had to return to Guwahati on March 18. Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar said that police recovered a train ticket for Guwahati from his pocket. The body has been sent for post-mortem.Khagaul police station SHO Kamod Prasad said that Sakiya did not board the train for Guwahati on Sunday as scheduled. Quoting locals, he said that Sakiya was seen wandering in the locality and boozing at a liquor shop.The SHO said later he sat at a raised platform and slept there. Prima facie, it seems that he died due to heavy drinking. The post-mortem report was awaited, he said and added that there was no sign of injury on the body.Prasad said that police recovered Sakiya's identity card, his smart card of Army canteen and Rs 300 in cash from his pockets. His family members have been informed about his death, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336782", "title": "Cousin, 15, rapes 7-year-old girl", "text": "NAGPUR: Not having seen her seven-year-old daughter for an hour on Sunday evening, the worried mother searched everywhere in and around her home. Calling her name, she twice passed the under construction building where her daughter was being raped by her own 15-year old cousin.The hapless girl could not call out to her mother even as she watched her go back home as she was gagged by the culprit. Later, however, when the girl returned home and narrated her harrowing experience, the mother could only blame herself for not looking into the building. \"The boy had threatened her not to tell the incident to anyone and she was scared. However, she revealed what had happened after some time,\" said the mother.The girl was lured by her cousin with a popsicle and later raped. The girl followed the boy into a house in Juni Mangalwari. The accused, a Std IX student, stays just opposite the victim's house. The girl was studying at her home when he came in and gave her money to buy two popsicles. \"She was studying and her mother was busy in kitchen. He came and gave her Rs 5 asking her to buy two popsicles, one for himself and other for her, from a nearby shop,\" said the father. Never suspecting anything, the mother allowed the girl to take the money. Later, the boy took her to the under construction house and forced himself upon her. Police said no labourers had reported for work on the site on Sunday.The girl's father and neighbours alleged that two years ago, the boy, then 13-year-old, was caught while molesting his other cousin, who also stays nearby. \"He was beaten and left with a warning,\" said the father. \"Since then, the boy is scared of me and never comes to our house when I am around. On Sunday, I was not there and hence he took advantage,\" the father said. The father alerted the control room and Lakadganj police reached the spot. He claimed that cops and boy's father tried to put pressure on him to withdraw the complaint. It was only because of neighbour's support that the police took the girl for medical tests and on confirmation a case was a registered.The boy was produced before a juvenile court on Monday and sent to remand home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12336892", "title": "'American diplomatic staff harassed in Pak'", "text": "ISLAMABAD: US authorities have complained to Pakistan's foreign office about the alleged harassment of American diplomatic staff and expressed concern at \"inaction\" on an earlier complaint lodged two years ago.In a letter to the foreign office earlier this month, the US administration updated Pakistani authorities on the alleged harassment of staff of its embassy and consulates. The matter may to be taken up when the two sides meet for talks next month, Express Tribune reported.After receiving the latest complaint, Pakistan's foreign ministry sent a circular to all provincial governments , the federal interior ministry and law enforcement agencies and asked them to take immediate remedial steps.In January 2010, the US embassy had lodged a similar complaint, saying that its diplomatic staff were being harassed and detained while travelling around Pakistan.The daily quoted unnamed US officials as saying that they need to increase staff at the embassy to help disburse aid worth $7.5 billion to Pakistan. US diplomats complain of delays in approving and extending visas and of being detained at check points. However, many Pakistanis harbouring anti-US sentiments allege America is sending spies to Pakistan, the report said.In January 2010, American authorities had expressed concern about false allegations against American personnel working to forge a partnership between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12336624", "title": "Mother of 3 raped by neighbours in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: A mother of three was raped by two men from her neighbourhood who forcibly entered her house at Pandra here on Sunday night, registering three cases in the past fortnight in the capital.On March 5, two women were raped and another woman had fallen prey to lust on March 3.Seema Devi (name changed) was sleeping at her home when Nitish Kumar Rai and Amit Sharma entered the house, pulled her out and raped her. Seema's husband who works as a worker was sleeping in the same room at the time of the incident. Asked why her husband did not interfere when she was being taken, the 30-year-old told police, \"He is a drunkard. He did not even get up when I was shouting for help.\"Rai has been arrested and the other is absconding. Rai confessed to the crime. \"I was very drunk and I did not know what I was doing. The person with me, Amit, ran away after the incident and is still missing.\"Officer in charge of Pandra police station K K Jha said Rai had been sent to jail earlier too for small thefts. He said, \"The man caught has been sent to jail 2-3 times earlier too. We are still searching for the second accused.\"The victim had been taken to the Sadar hospital for medical test.Medical superintendent of the hospital A K Jha said, \"The tests have been done and medical report will be given by tomorrow (Tuesday) evening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12336443", "title": "Landmine victim cops did not use bomb disposal suit", "text": "Koraput: The two policemen killed while defusing a landmine in Koraput district did not use bomb disposal suits , a standard operation procedure (SOP) for securitymen engaged in anti-Maoist operations. The securitymen were defusing a landmine near Alampada within Machkund police limits on Sunday morning. \"The bomb disposal suit is designed to withstand the pressure released from a bomb and any projectile from the bomb,\" a source said.Dismissing allegations that the mishap took place due to the negligence of the bomb disposal squad, police said, \"It is not the first time that the team was defusing a bomb. \"They had defused landmines, pressure mines and tiffin bombs. Sunday`s incident was unfortunate,\" a police source saidThe police source said the bomb disposal suit is used for Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) and not while defusing Improvised Explosive Devices (IED) which is simple to make, easily hidden and very destructive. And the Sunday`s blast was an IED. \"The bomb disposal suit can withstand the pressure of explosion of around 10 to 15 kg of explosives and on Sunday the intensity of explosion was over 100 kg. The bomb resistance suit would have been of no use even if used,\" said a senior police officer of the district engaged in anti-Maoist operations.A police officer said it is not possible to follow all guidelines mentioned in the SOP while operating in the field. We have to take few decisions depending on the circumstances and available resources. Last month, four BSF officers, including a commandant, were killed in a landmine blast triggered by the Maoists in Malkangiri district. The officers were travelling in a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335249", "title": "Allies should not be weakened, humiliated: Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday cautioned Congress against trying to weaken allies, while making it clear that she would not dilute her opposition to the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC).\"You should not try to split your allies because they are the key to a coalition's smooth functioning,\" Banerjee told TOI.Although she refused that her remarks were aimed at the Congress, the comments assume significance against the backdrop of suspicions in Trinamool's ranks that former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's defiance in raising rail passenger fares marked an attempt to break the party.Leader of the Trinamool group in Lok Sabha Sudip Bandopadhyaya had earlier accused \"mischievous forces\" of trying to break the party.Banerjee later told a TV channel on Monday that she had been humiliated. \"Although I do not wish to withdraw support, nobody can be humiliated,\" she said, adding that \"she was disappointed with UPA-2\".On her first visit to New Delhi in many months, Banerjee remained unfazed by criticism of the manner in which she got Trivedi ousted from the railway ministry after the Trinamool MP defied her by raising passenger fares. \"If Sonia Gandhi can choose the PM, why cannot I choose the railway minister,\" she said, asserting the prerogative as Trinamool chief to decide who should represent the party in the Cabinet.Banerjee, who met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before the latter formally accepted Mukul Roy as Trivedi's replacement in Rail Bhawan, made it clear that the meeting had been sought by Singh. \"I have not sought an appointment with anyone,\" she said, a remark which reflected the confidence that stems from Trinamool's strength, as well as her willingness to leverage them whenever necessary.The assertiveness was evident from Banerjee's unrelenting opposition to NCTC, and her decision not to participate in the voting on the thanksgiving motion on President's address to the joint sitting of the budget session. The chief minister termed the powers vested in the counter-terror body as \"worse\" than the two now-repealed special anti-terror laws: Tada and Pota. \"I opposed both Tada and Pota, but it is worse. I could not have supported it. But since we are part of the government and have to show decorum, we decided not to vote against it and chose not to participate in the voting,\" she said.Banerjee also said the Centre could not expect to secure the consent of chief ministers merely by consulting them. Referring to the PM's speech in Lok Sabha on NCTC that government would hear from CMs on April 16, she said \"this is not enough\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336232", "title": "UP Board tries to emulate CBSE, falters at first step", "text": "LUCKNOW: Poor implementation of new syllabi, lack of infrastructure, untrained and unqualified teachers, and lackadaisical attitude of government officials have already marred the first part (internal assessment) of the class X UP Board examinations. Taking a cue from Central Board of Secondary Education, UP Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad on July 23, 2011 introduced the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) in class IX-X. Under the new pattern, the written examination was of 70 marks instead of 100, and 30 marks were kept for internal assessment. This included project work, practical examinations and bi-monthly tests.Implementing CCE was aimed at improving quality of education as well as results. But, the board failed to execute the changes. Majority of teachers, till date, are clueless about the newly introduced internal assessment method. The instructions from the board came hurriedly. The teachers were not provided the syllabus in time, and were also not given any training to get themselves acquainted with the new system. As per the board's decision, the internal assessment was to be conducted in three phases, each of 10 marks, starting from August. The second was to be done in October and third one in December. The exercise was to take place thrice (for 30 marks).Syllabus reached colleges a week before the first internal assessment, which was scheduled in August 2011. Subsequently, all internal tests were delayed, and marks were given randomly by the colleges on their own. When this was done, and marks were to be sent to the board in January, it was found that award sheets (where marks have been entered) were missing. An official requesting anonymity said, \"The award sheet has been sent to the colleges only a week before. The marks are still to reach the board.\"Principals of various schools were of the unanimous view that the students took the new pattern very lightly. While most of the students did not appear for the internal assessment, others left it half way. \"Seriousness was absent in majority of the students,\" said JP Mishra, principal of Aminabad Inter College. Principal of Queen's Inter College and state secretary, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, RP Mishra said, \"Asking students from poor background to make project work, which involves good amount of money is too much. Besides, the students were under the impression that if they secure full marks in internal tests, they will have to secure only three marks in theory. Hence, they did not concentrate on the annual examinations.\"Under such circumstances, when schools gave full marks in internal exams to attain better result, the new pattern failed to provide a level playing field. Now, the biggest challenge for them is to put a check on open cheating that takes place during annual examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335920", "title": "LB Nagar MLA breaks silence on Emaar scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was the fear that his wife may land up in trouble that made LB Nagar legislator D Sudhir Reddy remain silent inititally on the nature of transaction pertaining to the purchase of a villa in Emaar Project. He bought a 1155 sq yards villa plot in his wife Kamala Reddy's name.As in the case of all villa plots, the official price was shown as Rs 5,000 per sq yard. But when the CBI sleuths probing the Emaar scam questioned his wife earlier she could not answer their questions properly. This led to a natural question to him by the CBI whether he got it at the nominal Rs 5,000 per yard as an almost free gift by Koneru Rajendra Prasad . A shocked MLA Sudhir then revealed the facts to the CBI saying that he kept quiet initially because he was requested by Koneru not to reveal the truth to CBI. \"In fact, I got the plot atRs 43, 000 per sq yard. But alter after seeing the rocky terrain, I bargained and got it lowered to Rs 33,000 per sq yard. I paid Rs 5,000 through cheque and the remaining as cash,\" he told CBI sleuths. \"I paid Rs 2.5 crore to Stylish Holmes accountant Srinivas through my brother Ranadhir Reddy and it is not correct to say that I got it free,\" he told the sleuths. CBI has shown him as its 92nd witness in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335231", "title": "Surprise drill in Tihar Jail to check preparedness in times of emergency", "text": "NEW DELHI: Keeping in mind the Honduran jail fire that killed over 300 prisoners and resulted in the escape of more than 400 inmates, the home ministry recently conducted a safety audit in Tihar jail to test the preparedness of prison authorities in emergency situations such as fire and earthquake. Sources said that the surprise check was conducted at the country's largest prison on March 15.This, they said, was conducted keeping in mind the fire in the overcrowded Honduran prison in Central America last month that led to the death of 356 inmates and escape of 475 inmates.With its capacity of 6,000 inmates, Tihar jail remains overcrowded as it has over 12,000 inmates at any given point of time and their protection is important. That is why this surprise check was conducted on the evening of March 15, jail authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336026", "title": "Hyderabad's IT hub to be on fast lane soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Industrial Area Local Authority (IALA) in Madhapur, Gachibowli and surrounding places will have a smooth ride soon with the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Roads and Buildings (R&B;) deciding to develop nine major roads.Gachibowli (Old Bombay highway) to Meenakshi Tech park, Madhapur main road to Inorbit Mall near Durgamchervu, Madhapur (near Ratnadeep) to APIIC Raheja Park, Wipro junction to Gopanpally, Nallagandla to Gopanpally IT buildings and Nanakramguda expressway junction to Phoenix Info City stretches have been proposed for development.These roads were not widened and developed for the past 10 years since formation of IALA, a wing of APIIC, during the late 90s. Some roads were proposed for widening in view of increase in traffic volume with several IT companies and other institutions establishing their offices and campuses in Madhapur and Gachibowli areas. The erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) has even prepared a special development plan with an aim to develop roads where there is a concentration and cluster of IT companies and institutions under Cyberabad Development Authority. This was also approved by the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department in October, 2001. However, the roads were not taken up either by Huda or APIIC.GHMC has recently written a letter to APIIC for development of roads since most of these stretches were either passing through or have link to roads in IALAs. Most of these roads are connected to the Old Bombay highway, which has been expanded to 150 feet by the corporation. \"GHMC has identified nine roads either passing through or link IALAs and it requires about Rs 140 crore, including cost of land acquisition, for widening. They will be taken up immediately,\" GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said.Some roads would be taken up by APIIC, while GHMC would take up stretches where property has to be acquired and R&B; would develop roads under its jurisdiction. For example, the Old Bombay highway road to Wipro Junction via Khajaguda has been proposed for widening to 120ft. Part of the five-km road falls in R&B;'s jurisdiction and part in APIIC. As the R&B; had already paid Rs five crore for land acquisition, another Rs 8 crore would be paid to GHMC to acquire remaining properties and laying road by the APIIC. Wipro Junction-Gopanpally stretch would be widened to 150 ft by R&amp;B.; \"The Old Bombay Highway has already been widened and GHMC will provide service roads, footpaths, central median and storm water drains on the 150ft road at a cost of Rs 36 crore, which will be borne by APIIC,\" GHMC additional commissioner K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335952", "title": "Youth 'steals' arms from lover's house", "text": "HYDERABAD: Central Crime Station (CCS) sleuths on Monday arrested a degree student for allegedly stealing two firearms of foreign make from his girlfriend's house in Mehdipatnam. Police seized both the weapons from his possession.The student, Mohammad Shoukath Salmanuddin, is a BBM second year student of a college in SR Nagar. According to police, he had been frequenting his girlfriend's house in Mehdipatnam for nearly a year.During one such visit a week ago, Salmanuddin stole a revolver, a pistol and 32 live rounds from their house, CCS inspector P Venkatagiri told TOI. Police got a tip-off when Salmanuddin was trying to dispose of the weapons through his contacts in Abids. He was arrested from his house in Gunfoundry on Monday morning.The seized weapons are Webley &amp; Scott Ltd Mark IV .32 revolver, made in England, a 'Baby' Browning .22 mm pistol made in Belgium and 32 live rounds. According to police, the market value of the seized weapons could be about Rs five lakh.When questioned, Salmanuddin's girlfriend's mother said that the weapons were used by her late husband Akbar Khan. \"Akbar Khan was into real estate and automobile deals. He died in 2010 due to ill health and his family members could not produce any licence pertaining to the weapons,\" the inspector said.Police are verifying whether any gun licence was issued by the Hyderabad police to a person named Akbar Khan. Cases were booked against Salmanuddin under Section 25 (1) (a) of the Arms Act. He would be produced before court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335289", "title": "Nitish remark on Biharis rattles Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disapproving of her Bihar counterpart's remark that the city will come to a halt if Biharis stop working, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday wondered why such statements were being made as people from across the country live here.Dikshit said the national capital was a metropolitan city and it \"belongs to everyone\" as people from different parts of the country come and stay here. \"Delhi is a metropolitan city. Here people from Jammu and Kashmir to Kerala to Tamil Nadu to Bihar to Uttar Pradesh to Haryana live. The city belongs to everyone. I don't know why such statements are being made when people are not going (out of the city),\" she said.Dikshit was responding to a question on Kumar's statement made at a function here on Sunday.Asked whether the Bihar chief minister's statement was aimed at consolidating the vote bank of Janata Dal (United) ahead of the MCD elections, she refused to comment.On the Delhi government slapping two show-cause notices on an NGO run by Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta's wife, Dikshit said she was unaware of the development. Told that the industry department has issued the notices, she said the department concerned would follow up on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336716", "title": "BJP-Sena flock of 30 sequestered before ZP vote", "text": "NAGPUR: With election for the post of zilla parishad (ZP) president and vice-president scheduled on Wednesday, the saffron combine is uneasy despite having won a workable majority of 30 in the 59-member house. It is worried that the Congress-NCP may use money and muscle power to engineer a split in the saffron ranks to retain power in the Nagpur ZP.Not taking any chances, the saffron set has kept its flock together at a safe camp in Chhattisgarh. \"I have 30 members with me and we are sure of winning the top posts and get control of the ZP,\" Sena MLA from Ramtek told TOI on Monday.He said he would return with the flock to Nagpur only on Wednesday morning, just before the crucial election. \"If need be we will halt at a transit camp closer to Nagpur on Tuesday night and reach in time for the election,\" said JaiswalIn the ZP elections held on February 7, the BJP won 22 seats while its ally Shiv Sena got 8 seats. Thus the saffron combine has a tally of 30 to take control of ZP from the Congress-led coalition. But the pitch was queered after a woman candidate from the Sena camp did not sign the letter for the official group (alliance) forged by the BJP-Sena. There is strong speculation that the Congress-NCP is trying to engineer defection by at least four of the 8 elected members from the Sena camp.The Congress has won 19 seats while its ally NCP has seven seats, taking their tally to 26. The other three elected members are from Gondwana Jantantrik Party, BSP and one independent. Even if the three join the Congress-NCP group, it would be one short to get to power. So, only a split of half the Sena members could do the trick for the Congress-NCP grouping. A split of 30% members would also not attract disqualification action under the anti-defection law.\"The ruling Congress-NCP alliance in the state is misusing power and resorting to horse-trading,\" alleged BJP MLA Chandrashekhar Bawankule. However, he was confident that the saffron combine would emerge victorious.Jaiswal claimed the lone BSP member has decided to remain neutral since the BSP issued a whip to that effect. \"There is no chance of splitting the Sena members. The lone lady who had earlier not signed the group pact is ready to join us now,\" Jaiswal said.No one from the Congress-NCP camp was available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336597", "title": "NMC spends Rs 8L on sports as against Rs 40cr needed", "text": "NAGPUR: If you want reasons for India doing badly in sports, you don't have to go far. Just look at budget of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) that is supposed to provide for sports facilities to citizens.This year, it has made a provision of 3 crore for sports in its budget. It actually spent just 8 lakh. Even the 3 crore provision was peanuts given the state government's policy that mandates a civic body must provide 5% of its total expenditure to sports. In NMC case, it comes to 40 crore.NMC records say the total expenditure on sports activities between April 1, 2011, and March 17, 2012, is 7.96 lakh. Former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi had made provisions of 3 crore in the budget for 2011-12 fiscal.In last year, NMC spent the money on Ramtek skating rally, a state-level chess championship, purchase of cricket gear for NMC staffers and annual function of sports journalists association. Nothing programme is lined up in remaining days of the fiscal.A state government circular dated March 9, 1998, mandated that the municipal corporations should spend 5% of their total expenditure on sports. NMC's annual expenditure last year was around 800 crore which means 40 crore should have been spent by the NMC on sports.The Maharahtra state had proposed to increase the allocation for sports even more in its draft Sports Policy- 2011. The Government had proposed to make it mandatory for the civic bodies to reserve 5% of their total annual budget for sports which would have taken the amount to 60 crore.There's a lot to be done. The sports policy provides for constructing stadia and other facilities for training and holding sporting events, development of playgrounds, adoption of a sports or a team, encouragement to individual sportsmen by paying for coaches, training camps etc.Nagpur civic corporation seems least interested in doing any of it. Yeshwant Stadium located in Dhantoli once used to host international hockey matches. It is now lying neglected. Chitnis Park too is in shabby condition and used mostly for political rallies.NMC has a number of playgrounds and open spaces. NMC has supposedly developed eight playgrounds but all lack maintenance. The cricket stadium constructed a few years ago at Durga Nagar is somewhat in satisfactory condition.NMC has done virtually nothing for sports in last many years. In 2009-10, it spent 62.21 lakh on sports while in 2008-09 it was 29.72 lakh and in 2007-08 just 19.53 lakh. These were mostly on holding tournaments or giving awards.A NMC official said it never had a plan to develop sports in city other than randomly sponsoring tournaments and award ceremonies. \"Rules bar NMC from giving 25,000 in a year to outside organisations. It has frequently breached that condition to give money to events conducted by its favourite persons.Following opposition protest, there was an audit objection in 2010. Following that, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal prohibited distribution of funds over 25,000. So, even that expenditure stopped,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335931", "title": "Bihar's growth story has a poor side", "text": "NEW DELHI: That Bihar under Nitish Kumar grew at over 10% between 2004-05 and 2009-10 is now well-known. But data released on Monday shows that in the same period, the number of poor in the state actually grew.During this five-year period, Bihar added 50 lakh people to the number of its poor, by far the largest number of any Indian state in this period. A look at Planning Commission numbers for 2009-10 and 2004-05 shows that poverty has declined at a negligible rate in Bihar, so much so that the absolute number of people living in poverty has actually increased. In 2009-10, 54.4% of Bihar was under the poverty line as compared to 53.5% in 2004-5.This period coincides almost precisely with Nitish Kumar's first term as chief minister, raising a big question mark over the real impact of his administration and the high growth the state has seen on the lives of the common Bihari.\"Reduction of poverty is brought about by agricultural transformation, but Bihar's growth was construction-centric,\" says Shaibal Gupta, social scientist and founder-member secretary of the Patna-based think-tank, the Asian Development Research Institute. \"Construction-based growth does not address the problems of poverty in a constructive manner,\" he added. However, Gupta, who has worked closely with the Nitish administration, is positive. \"The government is in the process of chalking out a techno-managerial strategy to bring about a new green revolution,\" the social scientist said.Bihar is one of three states - Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh being the other two - in which poverty has declined, but so slowly that the absolute number of people living in poverty has actually increased in the five years. Bihar and Uttar Pradesh have between them 128 million poor people, over a third of all of India's poor, and roughly a tenth of the world's poor.In five other states, the proportion of poor as well as the absolute number has risen. These are Delhi, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Nagaland , with Nagaland's performance being by far the worst; the proportion of people living below the poverty line has more than doubled over five years in this tiny state, going from 8.8% in 2004-5 to 20.9% in 2009-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335067", "title": "Delay in capitation fee regulation", "text": "Mumbai: The Maharashtra government's plans to make admissions to pre-primary classes more transparent by screening the collection of capitation fee will be delayed by at least another year.While the government admits that there are complaints of several school managements indulging in the unregulated practice of charging a capitation fee in the form of large voluntary donations from parents, the Fee Regulation Bill (2011) is still pending for approval from the President.\"The bill to screen collection of capitation fee, after being approved by both houses of the state legislature, is pending with the President,\" said state school education minister Rajendra Darda, in his reply to a question raised in the legislative council.Education experts feel there is little chance the bill could be implemented during this academic period. \"There is no way it could be done this year since the academic period has already begun. This clearly shows that this government is not serious in getting this bill passed anytime soon,\" said the chief of the Forum for Fairness in Education, Jayant Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336144", "title": "Widow assaulted", "text": "PATNA: An FIR was lodged with the Bhagwanpur police station in Vaishali district in connection with thrashing and cutting of hair of a widow at the instance of local panchayat at Haribanspur village on Sunday.Vaishali SP Upendra Kumar Sinha said that an FIR had been lodged against three named persons and 300 unknown persons.He said that one, Sunaiyana Devi, allegedly had an affair with Sipahi Sahni, which even her son opposed vehemently. Raids were carried out on Sunday and Monday to arrest those involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334808", "title": "Jail inmates burn midnight oil", "text": "INDORE: Exuding confidence to rehabilitate herself in the society and lead a respectful life, Girijabai, a murder convict, is busy preparing for her board exams for Class XII.So are almost 100 inmates, lodged in central and district jails, who are burning midnight oil readying for different examinations.Most of the inmates are pursuing long distances courses from various universities. Eight of them will appear for annual examinations. Talking to TOI, Girjabai, wife of Tej Kumar said, \"Apart from keeping me busy, education also inculcates a sense of dignity in me.\" Girjabai, who was convicted under Sections 302 and 309 of the IPC and is serving a life sentence, has already cleared Class X exam a couple of years ago.Excited about being tagged a graduate, another convict in the district jail, Sandeep, son of Mukesh, too is ready to take the final graduation examination. He was transferred from Ujjain jail to district jail, Indore, on February 2 this year.\"He is happy about the fact that he would soon be known as a graduate,\" said a cop serving at the jail.Similarly, Shailendra, son of Mathura Prasad, who is being tried under Sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 of the IPC has been poring over books to make sure that he clears his Class X board examination. Two of his inmates in the district jail -- Rudraksh alias Happy and Jeetu alias Jitendra -- are appearing for the B Com first-year annual examinations. Rudraksh is being tried under Sections 364 A, 365 and 212 while Jitu under Sections 342, 377 and 506 of the IPC.The scene is no different in the Central Jail, Indore, where three inmates will be taking various examinations. Gowardhan Singh, son of Manohar Singh, and Ranveer Singh, son of Ashok Singh, are appearing for the ongoing higher secondary examination. Both are being tried under various Sections of the IPC and the Arms Act.Another inmate Shankar Sharma, son of Radheshyam Sharma, will appear for B Com second-year examination. He is being tried under Sections 302 of the IPC and 25 of the Arms Act.Jail superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said the efforts by the jail inmates generate a positive wave on the premises.\"I try to provide them all necessary facilities along with discussing question papers so that they could get involved in the studies and prepare seriously for examinations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12336055", "title": "Three missing Class XII students return home", "text": "PATNA: Three Plus 2 students, who had gone missing from the state capital since March 14, returned on Sunday and were handed over to their guardians by the Patna Police.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Alok Kumar on Sunday said that one Rakesh Srivastava, a resident of LIC Colony, Hanuman Nagar under Patrakar Nagar police station, had lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned that his son Sumit Kumar (16), a student of Plus 2 at Biharsharif, had gone missing with two of his friends Subhash Kumar (16) and Avichal Kumar, both Plus 2 students, since March 14. He said a special police team was constituted under the leadership of Sadar SDPO Rashid Zaman, who started tracking the cell phones of the three missing students.Their cell phones were tracked to Mumbai. The police team contacted the three students and put psychological pressure on them to return to Patna. They returned here on March 18 and were handed over to their guardians, the SSP said and added that during interrogation, the students revealed that Avichal Kumar was a dancer and had planned to flee to skip his Plus 2 examinations commencing from March 26 and to try his luck in films in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337140", "title": "Ban on playing loud music after 10 pm", "text": "JAIPUR: The district authorities have issued an order stating a complete ban on playing loud music between 10 pm and 6 am, considering it disturbs the students appearing for board and college exams. The order is applicable with immediate effect.The order says that defaulters will invite punitive action against them. Complaints can be lodged with police against the defaulter. This order came out after district administration received complaints from some students against a religious place for playing loud music which till late night.The high court has already observed that no loud music should be played within 150 meters around exam centres. \"I thank the district authorities for this decision. I was fed up with my neighbour who watches TV on full volume till midnight,\" said Sunil Singh, an RU student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12336418", "title": "Contaminated water sold in pouches", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Poor quality drinking water packed in polythene pouches and emanating foul smell is flooding the city market. These packets with one-month shelf-life don't mention packing dates. The 250 ml packs of water of diverse brands, claiming on its cover to be 'best before 30 days from the date of packing,' don't have packaging dates or batch numbers, speaking volumes about its quality. \"I came across several pouches, which were muddy and stinking from a vendor inside Capital Hospital,\" said Sushant Sahoo, a social worker.Water, packaged by a Chandaka-based company, claims it to be ISI marked. However, it too has unfilled data on its batch and packing dates.With mercury-level rising each passing day, demand for drinking water has increased. The volume of use of water pouches can be gauged from the heaps of used polythene bags lying at the lower PMG where people from different groups assemble these days to stage a rally and dharna, coinciding with the ongoing session of the Odisha Assembly. Contaminated water can cause Hepatitis A, E and gastroenteritis, doctors said.Government, however, seems to be ill-equipped to tackle the problem. The city has no food inspector, who is responsible to ensure quality of edible items, including water. City health officer Dr Chandrika Prasad Das, however, asserted that the health department is carrying out a periodic check to ensure quality. \"We will intensify our efforts in wake of the summer,\" he said.Sources said currently there are just 10 food inspectors in the state for the 30 districts against 26 sanctioned posts. The directorate of public health has assessed that the sanctioned strength should be increased to 60, sources said.\"Despite our manpower constraint we are trying our best to ensure minimum required quality by periodic check up. If they come across any suspicion of quality, people should bring it to our notice so that those can be checked,\" said director public health Dr P C Sahoo.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation in association with voluntary organizations has opened around 20 water kiosks at different places in the city. The number would increase to 80 in the coming days, a BMC officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335685", "title": "Osama, Saddam were on Time cover too: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress leaders on Monday hit back at the BJP's jubilation over having the chief minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi on the cover page of Time magazine saying that the publication has featured not just leaders, but also Osama Bin Laden and Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.Congress president and Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia, while reacting to the statement made in the house by urban and water resources minister Nitin Patel that chief minister Narendra Modi found it to the front page of Time magazine only because of his able administration and effective management, made this comment.The magazine, in its recent issue, had published an article on Modi, with the heading: \"Modi means business\", along with a strap: \"But can he lead India?\"During the discussion on providing Narmada water to the villages in Mehsana, Patel said that the government was supplying 550 lakh litres of treated Narmada water in the villages, while another 580 litres of treated water was supplied in the cities.Patel later said, \"Because of the incredible work done by Modi, the Time magazine has featured him in its latest issue.\" He said Modi has been applauded for his effective administration, which is also an appreciation for the state of Gujarat.Modhwadia then commented on Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein also being featured in the same magazine. Following this, the BJP MLAs in the House raised an uproar which led to disruption of the session, with members of both the parties shouting at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335412", "title": "Gujarat doctors killing Rajasthan\u2019s unborn girls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Some unscrupulous doctors from the state are not only assisting in the killing of daughters in the womb in Gujarat, but may also be responsible for the disappearing daughters of Rajasthan. So much so that Rajasthan now wants a joint initiative to prevent their pregnant women from undergoing sex determination in Gujarat which may lead to female foeticide.Gujarat saw a marginal rise in child sex ratio (CSR) from 883 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 to 886 girls in 2011. In Rajasthan, CSR dropped dramatically from 909 in 2001 to 883 in 2011, leading to the growing concern.Some 25,000 patients cross over from Rajasthan into Palanpur, Deesa, Dhanera, Tharad and Ambaji in Banaskantha for medical treatment because of lack of facilities there. Of these, about 7,000 are women and 2,500 are pregnant.\"While most pregnant women undergo sonography, there is massive under-reporting by doctors. We have documented cases where women got sex determination done in Gujarat and aborted the foetus,\" says Brijmohan Sharma of the Society for All Round Development, Reodar. He has also written to the National Commission for Women on the issue.\"Sothi Devi, wife of Punvaram Koli, got a sonography done in Deesa but when we checked with the district health office, there was no record or the mandatory Form F filled in her name. Similarly Basanti Devi from Sildar got sonography done in Palanpur but her record was again missing,\" he added.Principal secretary, health, Rajasthan B N Sharma has written a letter to the Gujarat health commissioner P K Taneja in this regard.\"A mechanism to closely monitor pregnant women crossing the border to ensure that the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act is not violated needs to be developed so that our coming generation does not face adverse effects of declining sex ratio,\" Sharma's letter adds.Banaskantha district collector J B Vora said vigilance has been intensified in Palanpur, Deesa and Dhanera which attract patients from Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335567", "title": "HC show-cause to cops in Gujarat University VC case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday issued a show-cause notice to the city police commissioner asking him to explain the inordinate delay in conducting investigation into charges of atrocity against Gujarat University vice-chancellor, Parimal Trivedi.Justice J C Upadhyay, who had directed the police to complete the investigation in this case, has asked cops to explain the delay on contentions raised by complainant Pankaj Shrimali that penalty should be imposed on investigators for giving a go-bye to legal mandate.Shrimali submitted that the FIR was lodged in May 2008 and as per the provisions of the Prevention of Atrocities (prevention) Act, the probe should be completed within 30 days. But in this case, it lasted for nearly four years, and cops did not budge without HC orders.On many occasions, the cops did not pay any heed to court orders and violated not only the atrocity prevention laws, but also disregarded the provisions of the Indian Evidence Act.Shrimali put forth his arguments after the investigating officer supplied a copy of his investigation report to him. After hearing Shrimali, who is a faculty with the GLS Arts College, the judge sought reply from police asking them to file the affidavit by April 3.After Trivedi was booked in this case, HC refused to quash the complaint in 2008 but granted him protection against police arrest before investigation. The cops sought to close the case, but a local court refused to accept the summary report.Finally, when Shrimali moved HC again complaining about delay in probe, the high court set a deadline for the investigating officer to submit his final report in magisterial court.Accordingly, Trivedi was arrested last month and a chargesheet was filed in this case earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12336577", "title": "Sugarcane farmers to protest tomorrow", "text": "DHARWAD: Sugarcane growers of Karnataka have decided to launch an indefinite stir at Freedom Park in Bangalore on March 21 to protest the delay in payment for their produce.Farmers are facing hardship as the sugar factories are not paying them scientific price.He demanded the state government's intervention and implementation of S A Patil Committee's recommendations regarding fixing of price for sugarcane. He said there are 58 sugar factories in the state and they are paying different prices to farmers. More than 40 factories owe farmers Rs 1,500 crore, he added.He said farmers are facing trouble in the wake of increased cost of production, labour charges and transport cost. Karnataka has 25 lakh sugarcane growers and the government earns Rs 6 crore every year by way of tax from this sector, Shantakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336148", "title": "Maths set to go off the board, into laboratory", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has sought to revolutionize maths learning in high schools from the academic year 2012-13. Maths teaching in schools is devoid of creativity, which makes students fair poorly in the subject, a new circular to schools points out, asking schools to set up math laboratories.The board circular states that the maths lab seeks to improve the subject teaching in schools by promoting application of maths using learning material developed by the board's subject experts. The maths lab will be a designated space in the school where students will be able to experiment with numbers and geometric shapes. The board has asked schools to use the labs to make learning enjoyable for students by encouraging them to find alternative solutions to problems and alternative methods of solving problems.Schools have been asked to take up projects in mathematics and its applications and allow students' creativity to flow. Teachers have been asked to form joint investigation teams with students in solving problems so that students are not offered maths theories but allow theories to emerge while solving a maths problem.The circular states, \"Students do not fare well in maths because it is taught as an abstract subject, mathematics education is far removed from application and maths is taught as an isolated subject. There is too much emphasis on symbols and their manipulations and relatively little on problem solving. Too much time is spent on monotonous drill type arithmetical calculations.\"Teachers have been asked to ensure that students are involved in what is being done in the lab and the teacher's role will be limited to providing guidance. Students will be asked to make graphs and charts to illustrate mathematical ideas and will be given mathematical problems woven in real life situations to be solved.The communication to schools points out that the present goal of maths education seems to be passing examinations and not understanding mathematics and its applications or developing the capacity to think mathematically.\"Instead of developing creativity, mathematics education encourages conformity to standard methods. It trains students to think that there is only one method of solving mathematics problems and that there is only one solution to the problem. Mathematics is presented as a purely deductive science when it is as much an experimental science as physics and biology,\" the circular states. It states that students become passive learners in the methods currently employed.Goa Board has asked schools to provide computers in the maths lab for students' use in solving problems and to encourage students to make engineering models using discarded toys and other waste material with the teacher's guidance.Other than providing geometric shapes of different sizes and measuring instruments of various types, schools will have to provide drawing sheets, graph paper, thread, plain mirror, drawing board, a LCD projector, a laptop and calculators.The labs will have to provide cupboards to store the models made by students as well as space to display the models and areas to make observations and carry out experiments. A rough set of experiments have also been listed by Goa Board to be carried out by Class IX and X students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335948", "title": "Cops arrest two Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation workers with pistol, ammo", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force investigators arrested three persons, including two GHMC employees, and seized a firearm along with three live rounds from their possession on Monday.Police nabbed Yousuf Khan, a vehicle inspector at GHMC parking yard in Malakpet, Haji Khan, a contract driver with GHMC Malakpet division, and their friend Mohammed Rasheed Ahmed from Pahadisharif.Acting on a specific alert, Task Force sleuths arrested the trio at Rytu Bazaar in Falaknuma while they were moving in a Scorpio. Police seized a country-made pistol, three live rounds, three empty cartridges, an air pistol, two daggers and the Scorpio vehicle from their possession.According to police, Yousuf Khan is general secretary of APMCH employee union and Haji Khan works under his supervision at the GHMC Malakpet division.Police said that Yousuf Khan had rivalry with other union members and he was also facing threat from some of his relatives due to property disputes. \"Anticipating threat from his rivals, Yousuf took the help of the other two and procured a firearm with ammunition from one Rahul Sharma of Gulbarga by paying Rs 25,000,\" Task Force inspector L Raja Venkat Reddy said.The trio along with the seized property was handed over to the Falaknuma police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336416", "title": "Web economy to hit $4tn as users pick surfing over sex", "text": "The Internet economy of the G-20 nations will reach $4.2 trillion by 2016 almost 1.7 times last year's estimated level, as more than two-thirds of Americans would forgo coffee and 21% give up sex for a year to stay online, Boston Consulting Group said.US consumers said they would need to receive about $2,500 to stay offline for that period, according to a BCG survey released on Monday. Consumers in most countries would require 3-6% of their average annual income to follow suit, the study found. All said they valued search, e-mail, online banking and investing functions. BCG interviewed about 1,000 users in each country.The study shows the importance of the Web to consumers and to businesses trying to reach them through sites, including social-networking company Facebook and online-search provider Google. There's an \"explosion\" of people buying online, said David Dean, a senior partner at the Boston-based management consulting firm.\"The Internet has become like electricity or water,\" said Dominic Field, a partner at BCG in Los Angeles , who along with Dean was one of the authors of the study.By 2016, the number of global Web users will reach 3 billion from an estimated 1.9 billion in 2010, BCG said. Across the G-20 nations, the internet economy accounted for an estimated $2.5 trillion in 2011, BCG said.Were it a country, the Internet economy would be in the top five, behind the US, China, Japan and India and ahead of Germany, the study found. In the US, the Web's contribution to 2010 gross domestic product exceeded the federal government's, according to BCG.Mobile access will become more important with smartphones and tablets accounting for four out of five broadband connections by 2016, the study showed.While the US will still make the largest contributi on to Internet-related spending, its leadership is slipping, Field said. The country will account for 25% of the total Internet economy in 2016, down from about a third on Monday, he said. The US's internet economy is growing slower than that of the UK, for example.\"One big driver is infrastructure, and the US has historically lagged in smartphone use and broadband speeds in rural areas,\" Field said. Some developing countries, such as India, are seeing their internet economies growing at double the rate of the US, he said.Younger and older users value the internet the most, the study found.\"For the older generation, the internet is still relatively new,\" Dean said. \"As the older consumers understand what is possible, they see high value in the Internet. For younger consumers, the Web has become like air, they take it for granted.\" bloomberg", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334759", "title": "On-line admission in colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: Admissions in colleges in the state are going to take the online route. Students will have to apply online for admissions in government and private colleges from next academic session.An official spokesman said the higher education department has issued directions to initiate necessary steps for providing on-line admission facility.The on-line admissions will be done through the official website of the higher education department.In order to improve the infrastructure, higher education department has selected few colleges in different districts of the state and sanctioned Rs 1.14 crore for the development of basic infrastructure facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335170", "title": "Double murder accused acquitted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a sensational double-murder case, which had hit headlines in 2010, a local court on Monday acquitted four accused due to lack of evidence.Four persons, identified as Rinku Verma alias Raju, Ricky Sharma, Devi Shankar Verma - all residents of Mauli Jagran village, and Shamshad alias Lambu of Hallomajra village, were accused of murdering two security guards, Gurdial Singh and Sucha Singh, in the wee hours on May 1, 2010.However, this acquittal has also raised suspicion over the police probe. As in May 2010, police had claimed of solving this case by making arrests in only 10 days. But later they failed to collect evidence to strengthen the prosecution. \"My clients have been acquitted as police failed to collect evidence and weapons used in the crime. They could not produce even a single eyewitness and ascertain the possible motive behind the killings. The forensic scientists' report was contrary to police' claim,\" Inderjit Bassi, defence lawyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334810", "title": "Applicants urged to collect caste certificates", "text": "INDORE: The collectorate at Indore is in a fix over pending caste certificates. Hundreds of applicants, who had applied for caste certificates, have not turned up to collect them. To be precise, as many as 918 caste certificates have been gaining dust at the collectorate awaiting the applicants for months together.Collector Raghvendra Singh has appealed to the applicants to collect the caste certificates from the collectorate at the earliest. The state government has given a time span of one month for preparing the certificate, but the collectorate has been issuing the certificates within 15 days after receiving the application.\"The SDOs under the jurisdiction of Indore collectorate have readied caste certificate of 918 applicants,\" said the collector adding that the applicants can collect the certificates from the respective places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334827", "title": "Students press for revaluation results", "text": "INDORE: Fate of hundreds of Bachelor of Dental Science (BDS) students hangs in balance as further delay in declaration of revaluation results may lead to financial burden on them ranging from Rs 55,000 to Rs 75,000.On Monday, the final-year BDS students met Dean Students' Welfare (DSW) to press for their demand to declare revaluation results at the earliest, which could save them from a financial loss.A large group of BDS final-year students had received ATKT after their main results were out last month. Those students, who were failing in certain subjects, had applied for revaluation. Later, going by the orders of the Supreme Court to finish with the BDS examination early and results by March 31 of every year, authorities of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya ( DAVV) conducted ATKT examination for the students in the first week of March so that they do not suffer an academic loss.Though Devi Ahilya University is committed to declare ATKT result by March 31, the students demanded to declare revaluation result before the ATKT results as several students had committed their college authorities to submit a year's fee if they fail in the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12336531", "title": "Government seeks Rs 280 cr for land", "text": "JAISALMER: Protesting against the government decision, the Army filed two separate litigations in the courts. The court decided in favour of the government. The Army then filed a revision petition, which still pending in the court.Later, the Jodhpur divisional commissioner was directed to find out a practical solution to the dispute. The commissioner recommended to allot the land to the Army under certain conditions on October 27, 1999.Later during the liaison meeting with the army, it was decided that if the Army wanted the land, the state government could consider allotting it on the current rates fixed by the district land committee (DLC).As such, the district administration recently sent a demand letter of Rs 280 crore for the land. The Army is, however, yet to deposit the money. But it has told the district administration that the defence ministry would take a call on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339197", "title": "Classroom lessons to get tech aid", "text": "Education sector got a decent share in the budget with K M Mani allocating Rs 200 crore for infrastructure and skill development of government primary and upper primary schools. The higher secondary schools will get Rs 66 crore, and vocational higher secondary schools Rs 10 crore.The budget gave a strong push to educational technology in schools through 'Smart class room ' initiatives. The idea is to have at least one classroom in every school that has an instructor station equipped with computer and audiovisual equipment. This will allow the instructor to teach using a wide variety of media.The budget also delves broadly on tools to raise the standard of higher education to international levels.Proposals included setting up an academic city for various courses offered by international universities, conducting international exchange programmes, setting up a knowledge city in Thodupuzha, science city in Kottayam and converting 10 selected colleges into centres of excellence. However, the budget has provided funds only for the scince city (Rs 50 lakh), and knowledge park (Rs 25 lakh).The budget has set aside Rs 50 lakh for 'Walk with a scholar' project for students of government and aided engineering colleges. It has also earmarked Rs 5 crore for the IIT (something that is yet to be finalized by the Centre), Rs 1.5 crore for a technical university and Rs 50 lakh for the Malayalam University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336615", "title": "Now, Infosys gets co-developer status", "text": "NAGPUR: IT major Infosys Limited has secured the approval to become a co-developer in the Mihan special economic zone (SEZ).Investors in a SEZ can be broadly divided into two categories - co-developers and units. The former can acquire land from the developer (Maharashtra Airport Development Company in this case), set up the infrastructure and let it out to other firms. The latter can either acquire land directly for themselves or use space provided by a co-developer.The other co-developers in Mihan are DLF, Shaporjee Pallonjee, and other such units which have planned an IT park. Such entities will have to look for units willing to start operations on their premises, instead of starting on their own. But, Infosys is the only company in Mihan that plans to acquire land for its own use and also have co-developer status, say sources.The approval was granted by the board of approvals (BoA) in the ministry of commerce during its meeting on March 13. Infosys plans to acquire 140 acres of land, with plans to initially invest over 100 crore and create a couple of thousand jobs. Once the formal letter is received, MADC plans to sign the final lease deed with Infosys.A similar proposal is learnt to have been moved by HCL too, which has also got 140 acres. At the same time, another IT bigwig Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), which has been allotted land, will be operating only as a SEZ unit.Being a co-developer has its own advantages. Unlike a unit, a co-developer does not have to meet the net foreign exchange earning obligations, which means it does not have to worry about generating enough exports. A unit that has taken up space in a co-developer's premises has to meet the condition, said a senior official in the ministry of commerce.Also, once the approval has been granted, there is no time bar from the BOA's side. The status of a co-developer lasts till the status of the developer itself.Replying to TOI's query on Infosys' plans to use the Mihan land, the company's spokesperson said there are no plans to sublet the land, without specifying whether it meant to other firms or even its subsidiaries. The spokesperson added that Infosys only had one subsidiary in the country, which was the BPO arm. There are seven other subsidiaries but they are incorporated abroad.MADC vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan, who confirmed Infosys' co-developer status, said even as the ministry does not lay down a time limit, this company's agreement with the IT major does. Infosys will have to come up with a unit in three years, and it may let out the space to its subsidiary but not a third party altogether, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338844", "title": "Actress Sarada chosen for NTR film award", "text": "Noted south Indian actress Sarada was today chosen for the Andhra Pradesh Government's prestigious NTR National Film Award for 2010.Sarada, who has won National Award three times, began her career in 1950s and went on to act in a number of films in Telugu, Malayalam and other south Indian languages.A committee of film personalities, headed by noted producer G Adiseshagiri Rao, selected Sarada for the NTR Award, officials said.The panel also selected other prominent movie personalities for different awards.Noted Telugu director B Narsing Rao, who made some critically-acclaimed films, was chosen for the B N Reddy National Film Award.Leading film producer A V M Saravanan won the Nagireddy-Chakrapani National Film Award. The Raghupati Venkaiah Award was announced for senior actor, producer and director M Balaiah.Yedida Nageswara Rao, who produced award-winning films like 'Sankarabharanam', would get the Special Jury award.The awards would be presented by Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Telugu New Year 'Ugadi' on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339048", "title": "Lubna Salim at a ghazal evening", "text": "The ghazal evening organized by renowned director and writer Salim Arif saw a small but selected gathering at a local club, last weekend.Singer Sudeep Bannerjee's mellifluous voice had the guests tapping their feet and saying \"waah waah\" as he sang some of late Jagjit Singh's ghazals as a tribute to the maestro. The programme which started late, much to the disappointment of the guests, even wrapped up early too. \"We would have loved to hear some more ghazals,\" Roma Bhalla was heard saying. JUST RELAXING: Enjoying the melody were retired bureaucrats Yogendra Narain and Anis Ansari.TV and film actor Lubna Salim met up with friends and was excitedly discussing her trip to Varanasi, the next day while hubby Salim spent the rest of the evening with Sudeep and other friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12340130", "title": "Verizon CEO's pay triples to $23.1m", "text": "NEW YORK: Verizon Communications Inc Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam's total compensation more than tripled to $23.1 million after the company's shares rose 11 per cent since his promotion from chief operating officer.Wireless growth and a jump in the share price since his appointment on Aug. 1, helped push McAdam's salary to $1.4 million from $913,462 in 2010, when he was COO. McAdam's stock options more than quadrupled to $18.8 million in 2011, Verizon said in a regulatory filing.Shares of New York-based Verizon, the nation's second- largest phone company, which co-owns the largest US wireless carrier Verizon Wireless with Vodafone Group Plc, gained 12 per cent in 2011.McAdam replaced Ivan Seidenberg the former chairman and chief executive officer who retired last year. Seidenberg's total compensation for 2011 was $26.5 million, which included a base salary of $2.1 million and stock awards of $19.5 million. In 2010, Seidenberg's total pay was $31.9 million, according to the filing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12340030", "title": "Debleena Dutt performs her first item song", "text": "Debleena Dutt is on cloud nine. The reason being her first item number for Mukul Roy Chowdhury's \" Taan\".Choreographed by Stanley D'Costa, the actor has shot with Rituparna Senguta for the song. Says Debleena, \"This has been the best experience so far. Stanley has choreographed amazing steps for the song. He has used water, fire, earth and air in it. I can vouch that Tollywood hasn't seen an item number like this before. The look too will be a surprise for the audience. The song will be shot over four days.\"As for the choreographer, he too is happy with the two actors. \"Both the actors executed well in the item song, which is very erotic. I have used Kamasutra and contemporary dance steps to make the song look sensuous. I choreographed it keeping the erotic factor in mind and both Rituparna and Debleena are looking steamy in it. Debleena is extremely hardworking. She rehearsed a lot to get her moves right. Rituparna rehearsed before the final take. The song takes place in a villain's courtyard and it is integral to the film as one of the dacoits abducts Debleena and the story takes a turn,\" informs Stanley.Rituparna too is excited about the number. She says, \"This is the first time that I am working with Stanley. He is very good. \"Taan\" has a very good message. The look too is nice. I play a water gypsy here.\"Indraadip Dasgupta, who has scored the music for this film prefers to call this song a \"dance number\" rather than an \"item\" song. \"The song is high on beats. Sunidhi Chauhan and Ujjaini will be singing the number which goes like \"Nona pani, nona pani, nona nana, kinare kinare bhase kancha sona\",\" says Indraadip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12336872", "title": "Tankers, borewells to their rescue", "text": "BANGALORE: Summer has just begun but residents of certain localities are already facing water scarcity. While in some areas, water supply is sporadic , there are places which have gone without water for one week now. New pipelines are being laid, agree Bangaloreans , but they fear that the water board may finish the work only after summer. Here's looking at how bad the situation is in some areas and the way residents are coping.Malleswaram,Home to middle-class people, this area has its own share of problems. Though most independent house owners have borewells at home, those living in apartments feel the pinch. \"For us, access to water is easy as we have borewells at home. There is even a sewage water recycle plant at my place, which ensures that I get a regular supply of water throughout,\" said Meenakshi Bharath, a resident of Malleswaram. \"People have made their own arrangements to be connected to the water source,\" said G Shantaram, a member of Malleswaram Swabhimaan Initiative, the local resident welfare association.Extent Of ImpactPeople in independent houses who have made their own arrangements are better off but those staying in apartments here have a tough time getting regular water supply.OptionsSeparate borewells are the only option left.MarathalliIn summer, residents of this part of Bangalore East face a tough time.Borewells dry up and the supply of drinking water too becomes irregular. \"The number of apartments has gone up and therefore, the existing water lines are unable to cater to the entire area. Though we see work is in progress to upgrade water lines, by the time they finish, we would have passed the harsh summer,\" said M Chanderpal, a resident.Extent Of ImpactQuite grim. Drinking water is in short supply and residents are at their wits' end.OptionsRely on water tankers. Depending on the family size, drinking water needs to be bought from the private tankers.SanjaynagarWater supply is quite inadequate, say residents.The area gets insufficient water every alternate day, thanks to very low pressure. '' Water pressure is low, pipes leak and some areas (Krishnappa Layout) haven't been supplied water even once in the last one week. They are forced to meet daily requirements in just about one-third of the water supply that they used to get earlier. The situation is quite grim,'' said R Dutt, convenor, Federation of Residents' Welfare Associations of Sanjaynagar Ward No 100.Extent Of ImpactApart from the less quantity of water which is an area of major concern, reduced water pressure ensures that they are facing difficulties in storing it.OptionsDepend on water tankers.SahakarnagarResidents face water woes throughout the year.Drinking water supply reaches once in 15 days now, and that too insufficient quantity. The low-lying areas are better off compared to those at higher levels. '' Borewells are also getting dry. We met BWSSB officials many times and submitted representations, but there has been no action. We are willing to pay extra money per gallon if they promise us regular water supply,'' said Devarajappa B, president, Sahakarnagar Residents' Welfare Association.Extent Of ImpactSituation is slowly getting out of control and something needs to be done urgently to ensure uninterrupted power supply in order to maintain a steady supply of water.OptionsRely on private water tankers.Canara Bank LayoutThis ten-year-old layout which is home to 200-250 families is reeling under severe water crisis. Water lines were laid recently but they are yet to be connected to the water source. Hence, residents depend on borewells. \"Some buy mineral water while some boil borewell water to meet their drinking water requirement,\" said Ravi Shankar , a resident.Extent Of ImpactNo drinking water supply for the last 15 days, say residents.OptionsBoil borewell water and use it for domestic purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335294", "title": "Trai: New norms will delay cell connections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom regulator on Monday told the Supreme Court that the March 14, 2011 guidelines issued by the Centre to mobile phone service providers relating to acquisition of a new telephone number needed simplification without diluting the national security concerns expressed by security agencies.The regulator said if the proposed guidelines were implemented, it would \"result in activation of connection taking place after about 6-7 days from the date of purchase of connection by the subscriber\".Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), through senior advocate Vikas Singh, informed a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar that though most of the guidelines were security driven, there was scope for reworking some of them so as not to impede growth of teledensity or cause inconvenience to prospective subscribers.But the Centre was in no mood to cede ground on this issue. Additional solicitor general Gaurab Banerjee said the government would take into consideration suggestions of all concerned parties, but when it came to national security, it alone would take the decision.The March 14, 2011 guidelines were formulated in view of a series of terror strikes and the use of mobile phones in these attacks. This was shown to the apex court, which was hearing a PIL filed by one Abhishek Goenka who had alleged that there was no proper verification of identity of new subscribers by mobile service providers. The court had orally asked the government not to notify the guidelines till it heard all parties.On Monday, the bench headed by Justice Kapadia said it was not an expert and would not impose its view on Trai's wisdom. While reserving order on the PIL for April 26, the bench said whenever the regulations were notified, the aggrieved party could challenge it before an appropriate forum.Banerjee said Trai has given its suggestions on the draft guidelines of the department of telecom. \"We will consider it and take a decision keeping in mind national security,\" he said.Trai in its affidavit before the apex court said the application form for acquiring a new mobile phone number was far too complicated and the mandatory verification prior to activation of the number posed impediments to expansion of teledensity, especially in rural areas.\"In India, at present, in absence of unique identification database for the entire country, it is difficult to verify credentials of all mobile subscribers. At the same time, the authority feels that the issue of national security is of paramount importance and to the extent possible, the defined process should be able to capture the identification of mobile subscribers and his address,\" it said.On the complicated customer acquisition form (CAF), Trai said it should be simplified without compromising the needs of security agencies and suggested a model form.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339687", "title": "Kunju Mani\u2019s ten", "text": "When a 43-year-old finance minister rose to present his debut budget in 1976, Kerala's socialist model economy was brimming with confidence. The state had already become a role model for the country and was in the midst of implementing pivotal land reforms with 1.34 lakh hectares of purambokku land being assigned to 3.36 lakh landless people. A smiling young Mani's budget speech was laced with these feel-good details and he went on to eulogize Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's 20-point programme. Mani had more than enough reason to smile that year. Though he only had a modest budget plan outlay of Rs 111.70 crore, it was a surplus budget.The budget had many firsts: the Kerala State Shipping Corporation acquired its first ship, Kairali, Cochin Shipyard built a 75,000-tonne bulk carrier; 10,000 small scale units were set up; minimum wages of Rs 8 per day for paddy worker (highest in the country) was implemented.Mani noted that key sectors like agriculture had showed an increase in production with crops like paddy, coconut, tea and cashew nut doing well. Rubber production had, however, declined and the price of rubber had come down.Ironically, today with the exception of rubber, no crop is doing well. Over the years, Mani presented nine more budgets. And in all of these, he has taken great pains to point out that unemployment figures were rising and something needed to be done urgently.The mopping of the much needed revenue for infrastructure and social development now comes at the cost of state's social and health sectors. Thirty five years ago, Kerala's excise revenue was a measly Rs 22.5 crore; today it is Rs 2,059 crore. True, the state is adding more revenue from this sector, but lakhs of chronic drinkers are shelling out huge sums on hospital bills.Mani seems to have tried to reverse the tide in this budget, but it needs to be seen how many of his projects actually get implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12336981", "title": "Unscheduled night outages leave city residents fuming", "text": "COIMBATORE: With power cuts extending into the night, residents are unable to have a good night's sleep. They wake up at least three to four times each night due to the outages. Coupled with the mosquito menace, the night outages are creating havoc, leaving people tired and irritated during the day due to lack of sleep.\"The power goes off at 1.30 am and 3 am. Children sweat profusely, and babies cry when the fan stops working. With the approaching summer, night temperatures are on the rise. The mosquitoes seem to be having a field day during the outages,\" says K S Praveen kumar, a college lecturer living in Kovaipudur.Residents of Ukkadam blocked the busy Palakkad main road late Sunday night until the power supply was restored. However, officials of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) are expressing helplessness over the inadequate availability in the grid during nights.\"For the last two weeks, we have not slept well. As soon as the power goes off we wake up and start sweating,\" said K Nazar, a resident of G M Nagar in Ukkadam. Occasionally, there is a cool breeze, and they get some relief. But the rest of the time, they sweat it out. \"The situation has become so bad, because we all fell sick due to lack of sleep and we had to visit a doctor,\" he added.It will not be surprising if people take to the roads as the situation gets worse, said Rambabu Singh, who works for a private company that processes medical transcriptions. It is exam time and children are bearing the brunt of the shortage, he added. \"My children have not slept well the last few days. As a result they are tired and cannot concentrate on their studies. I cannot afford to buy an UPS,\" he lamented.The crisis is worse in the villages where the outages extend to over 12 hours, said P Madhusudan, residing in Shenbagam Estate, a gated community for senior citizens in Madhampatti village. Even though all houses have a UPS system, it is of no use he said as there is no power to charge their battery. Most people in the villages sleep outside for fresh air, but he mosquitoes are a problem, he said. However, he is optimistic that the Kudankulam power project works will be speeded up and more power would be available soon.Considering that Tamil Nadu's energy needs are growing at annual rate of 15%, the focus should be on power generation, said Mahendra Ramdass, president, Tamil Nadu Energy Consumer Association. He said that the association has been requesting the state to draw a long and short term plan to augment power generation.Given that all power equipment manufacturers are over-loaded with orders, with every state vying for equipment from the same set of producers, generation should be separated and there should be a technical person in the level of Chairman heading the generation arm, he said.\"Adequate funds should be made available and power projects both ongoing and proposed should be closely monitored. This is essential in light of the fact that not a single MW was added in TN between 1996 and 2011. We hope that Government will take this suggestion seriously and take necessary action,\" Ramdass added.Meanwhile, a senior official in TANGEDCO on condition of anonymity said that they are in a helpless situation because there is not enough power in the grid. People can get relief only if there is additional generation, which they are hoping to achieve through windmills. However, this would take another one or two months, as the power can be generated only with the onset of the south west monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338926", "title": "Who is the most desirable?", "text": "Successful, stylish and super sexy - an army of drool-worthy celebs has managed to win the hearts of Bangaloreans with their good looks and smoking hot attitudes.And if you think a celebrity who was born in Bangalore, lives in the city or acts in Kannada movies has got what it takes to be the most desirable star around, then it's time for you to vote for them.Finally, here's your poll where you, the reader, will have a say. Presenting the 'Bangalore Times Most Desirable People 2011' - your chance to decide who the sexiest celebrities in town are.The polls have pitted some of the hottest people against each other to battle it out and win your hearts with their sheer desirability.From Real Star Upendra and Doodh Peda Diganth, to the sexy Priya Mani and the sporty Sharmila Nicollet, the celebs who have had us smitten now need your help.Vote for your favourite lust-worthy figures and get them to the top 20 of the Bangalore Times Most Desirable People 2011.To vote log on to itimes.com/pollsRemember, all your votes make a difference, so make each one count!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337148", "title": "B2 bypass: Revised proposals to be sent to Centre soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of SFS, Mansarovar have another ray of hope. They may get relief from the heavy vehicles passing through B2 bypass as Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will again send a revised detailed project report (DPR) to the Centre.Directions were given to send the revised DPR of elevated road on B2 bypass under Bus Rapid Transit Service (BRTS) project to the Central government for approval. According to officials, the revised DPR including two elevated roads on B2 bypass will be sent to the Centre this week.It is proposed to construct the elevated road from the end of Tonk Road. The road will be constructed till the end of New Sanganer Road. It will be approximately around 2,100 meters long. Similarly, from New Sanganer Road the road will be constructed till Amanishah Nullah and will be 1,200 meters long. \"The estimated cost of the proposed elevated road will be Rs 100 crore. We conducted a survey one-and-a-half year ago when the estimated cost was around Rs 65 crore.\"During a meeting at JDA headquarters, G S Sandhu the principal secretary directed the officials to exclude the elevated road between Panipech and Collectorate Circle in the revised proposal. Earlier, the elevated road proposed under BRTS was estimated at Rs 70 crore and it was around 2.8 km long from Panipech to Khasa Kothi as per DPR. However, the project was dropped. Official sources said JDA was sceptical as the elevated road proposed by the state government was shelved, the project might be stalled if same objections are raised again.JDA will send the revised proposal of 18.5 km BRTS route from Panipech to Sanganer as mixed corridor and priority lane. Explaining the concept of priority lane in BRTS, an official said it would be on similar lines as it was done in Delhi during Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337226", "title": "Youth arrested for raping three-year-old", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Monday arrested a 19-year-old labourer for allegedly raping his neighbour's three-year-old daughter. The incident took place at the victim's room in Shivaji Housing society on Senapati Bapat Road on Sunday night.The suspect, Ranjeet Vashishta Ram, currently residing on Senapati Bapat Road, is from Bihar. The victim's father has lodged a complaint with the Chatushrungi police station.Assistant police inspector S K Sakhare said that the complainant and the victim's father both worked as labourers at a construction site on Senapati Bapat Road. The incident took place around 8.30 pm on Sunday, when the victim's father was outside his house, Sakhare said.Ram was known to the girl. \"On Sunday night, the victim's mother asked the suspect to look after her, as she wanted to go out for some work. Ram took the victim inside the house and allegedly raped her. The incident came to light when the victim's father heard her scream,\" Sakhare said.When the complainant asked Ram the reason for his daughter's screams, he fled the spot. \"The complainant took his daughter to the Sassoon Hospital. Medical examination of the victim revealed that she was raped,\" Sakhare said. Ram was arrested on Monday afternoon. \"We will produce the suspect before the court on Tuesday,\" Sakhare said.The incident took place at the victim's room in Shivaji Housing society on Senapati Bapat Road on Sunday night", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12336613", "title": "Doctors suspended for BIT student death", "text": "RANCHI: The management of the Birla Institute of Technlogy (BIT), Mesra, on Monday suspended the chief medical officer and the medical officer of the institute's dispensary till the inquiry into the death of a third-year student is over, accepting all major demands of the students who were protesting for the past three days.The students were demanding action against the doctors and medical staff, alleging negligence in treating Arun Kumar, who died on Friday. A resident of Hyderabad, Arun was a patient of asthma and died after he was allegedly administered a wrong drug. The management also accepted the demand of the students to return the fees of Arun to his parents and constituted a committee to complete the formalities. One of Arun's batchmates said they were happy that the management had finally taken action against erring doctors, paramedical staff, registrar and staff of the transport department. One of the major reasons behind Arun's death was delay in transporting him to Apollo Hospital from the institute. \"We wanted the doctor and paramedical staff of the dispensary prosecuted according to the provisions of law because a student lost his life because of their negligence. The chief medical officer and other staff have been suspended,\" said a student.Anand Kumar, dean of students' welfare, confirmed that the management has suspended the chief medical officer and medical officer along with the in-charge of the transport department. \"The vice-chancellor, along with a team of students, will meet the parents of Arun and provide financial help to his family. They would particularly try to repay the amount spent on his education,\" said the dean, adding a committee of students will also be formed so that this type of incident is avoided in the future.\"An inquiry team headed by some senior judicial officer or a retired judge will also be constituted to probe the death of Arun. The team will have government doctors so that the probe is impartial,\" added the dean.Sunit Kumar, the officer-in-charge of BIT Mesra police outpost, said police had received the post mortem report from the Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS), but nothing is very clear. \"The viscera has been preserved by RIMS and now we will send it to the State Forensic Science Laboratory to ascertain the cause of death. We will be able to take forward the investigation only after that,\" said the officer.\"Till the time we get report of viscera, we will have to treat the case as unnatural death,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336152", "title": "Eyebrows raised as PWD builds wall sans CoP nod at Ribandar", "text": "PANAJI: A public works department (PWD) project to build a retaining wall at Ribandar ferry point has stirred up controversy, as the department has allegedly not obtained the requisite clearances from all agencies.PWD is constructing a 100-metre long retaining wall between the existing ramp on the Chorao-Ribandar ferry route and the old ramp below Ribandar church. The old ramp is used for anchoring ferry boats temporarily for repairs. The project, which is estimated to cost Rs 94 lakh, also includes repairing the damaged stretches of retaining walls further upstream.The commencement of the work on the river front also caused confusion regarding whether PWD had cleared a patch of mangroves near the site, a few days earlier. \"We have obtained clearance in the context of CRZ regulations from Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA),\" a PWD official said. When the project was submitted to the government for approval, officials had raised the issue of a clearance from GCZMA.Though Ribandar locals petitioned PWD to complete the work on a priority basis, the department had to wait till it obtained the CRZ clearance and completed other formalities. \"It was delayed for about two years for this reason,\" the official said. He conceded that the department had not obtained approval from the ports administration.\"PWD has not sought an NOC from our department (ports administration),\" captain of ports James Braganza said. As per the Indian Ports Act, no development can be carried out within the jurisdiction of ports and inland waterways without the permission of the ports administration department.\"We will submit the copy of CRZ clearance to the office of captain of ports,\" the PWD official said.The work had commenced on March 13 after an excavator dug the river bank for laying the foundations to construct the wall. The existing retaining wall facing the river below Ribandar church is in a state of degradation.\"Strengthening the embankment on the river will not only control erosion but also help widening of the road,\" a PWD official said. The Corporation of the City of Panaji has laid pavers for a footpath extending from the Ribandar end of Patto bridge to a distance of about 300 metres to the Chorao ferry ramp. \"After the retaining wall is built, there will be space for a footpath between the two ferry ramps,\" the official said.PWD will also later repair damaged stretches of the retaining wall along Mandovi river. The Panaji-Old Goa road runs close and parallel to the river in parts of the 9-km route.Confusion also prevailed about the alleged clearing of mangroves near the existing operational ramp. The forest department sent a letter to the ports administration. \"Initially, they thought that we had done it,\" Braganza said.Later PWD was being blamed for it as the project was being undertaken nearby. \"Construction of retaining wall doesn't require clearing of mangroves,\" the PWD official said. A Chorao resident said the mangroves were cleared as some persons were creating nuisance behind the cover of mangroves and it was creating a problem of hygiene near the ferry point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12336600", "title": "All\u2019s fair in Lohardaga\u2019s self-help group boom", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Women members of a self-help group in Anantpur village in Maoist-affected Kisko block of Lohardaga have not only become financially sound, but have changed the lives of their families with their grit and determination.Engaged in various activities from paddy cultivation to running ration shops, selling pickles, papad, jam, jelly, squash, tomato and chilly sauce, all the 11 members of Swastik Mahila Mandal are leading a life of economic emancipation. Each member earns Rs 3,000-4,000 per month from the SHG, which has Rs 50,000 as reserve money in the bank.\"We had taken a loan of Rs 3 lakh in 2009 for buying packaging machinery and equipment and we are very close to paying off that loan,\" said secretary of the SHG, Sumitra Devi.She elaborated, \"Non-distribution of BPL cards had kept us waiting for financial aid since 2000 when our SHG was formed. We used to make weekly savings by contributing Rs 10 and thus collected Rs 40,000. We used this money to get an acare land on rent and start paddy cultivation that still continues seasonally. We also ground spices to manage some money till we finally got our BPL cards in 2008. Soon we got the loan sanctioned with the active assistance of the LEO of the block,\" she said.They used the loan to buy machines, juicers and other packaging equipment. They buy mangoes and other seasonal fruits and vegetables to make pickles, potato chips and papad. They only make products which are in demand in their villages and in fairs organised by government agencies.\"Recently, at the Khadi Fair in Ranchi, we sold pickles and other items worth Rs 40,000 and made a good profit,\" said Tulsi Oraon, president of the SHG that has eight tribal members.She added that all the 11 members now send their children to schools and colleges.The secretary of the SHG said, \"My sister Prabha Devi who runs an SHG at Kurge in Ranchi taught us how to make papad and pickles. She had received training under a government project in Jamshedpur,\" said Sumitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12337236", "title": "Apathy of officials, citizens is recipe for accidents", "text": "NAGPUR: The recent accident near Kriplani T Point, close to Rahate Colony square, has once again put the focus on how lightly traffic norms are taken in the city. City squares with erratic signals, lack of zebra crossings, and even busy squares left unmanned during peak hours are recipes for disaster.But it is not only authorities, even citizens are also equally lax about the issue. Jumping signals, jay walking, crossing stop lines at signals are some things people do without a second thought. The Kriplani T-point connecting the road from Deekshabhoomi to the busy Wardha Road has always been an accident prone spot. In the absence of traffic cops, many vehicles coming from Rahate Colony square continue down Wardha Road even when the signal is red, increasing chances of mishaps.Earlier, traffic cops used to be stationed on Wardha Road with speed guns to check vehicles, but now they are gone. \"I have not seen a cop with speed guns here for a long time,\" said Sunil Bagde, a PUC operator on that road. Even footpaths here are usually occupied by hawkers, selling everything from sun glasses to tea, sugarcane juice hand carts and paan.Apathy among people is such that they do not even see encroachments as hindrance on public utility space. Asked if there is enough space to walk, Neha, an ITI student, pointed to the road instead of the footpath and said, \"Yes.\" When reminded about the footpath on which she was sitting and the encroachments upon it she said, \"No, the encroachments are not a big problem, it's OK. When there are too many of us,we walk on the roads too.\" She seemed ignorant of the dangers and deaths such behaviour has caused just two days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12338981", "title": "People do recognise me and I love it: Kavin Dave", "text": "Actor Kavin Dave is loving every bit of being a popular guy and an actorRole Play  Though he has a few films under his belt, actor Kavin Dave is more recognised for his ad of a popular soft drink. \"People recognise me. Often in restaurants, people come and say, Sprite chahiye? But even more funny is the fact that I drink cola! On the sets too, the crew used to come and say sidhi baat and I used to reply no bakwas. So yes, people do recognise me and I love it,\" says Kevin, who was in the city to promote his latest flick - \" Bumboo\", in which he plays the lead role.Ask Kavin how he manage to land up in a lead role and he says, \"I was with Jagdish Rajpurohit right from the scripting stage. We did everything together. Since the hero of our film is a divorcee, Jagdish used to say, 'Agar tu thoda bada hota toh tu hi yeh role kar leta. I looked quite young at that time. Then, somebody told him about \"Rishta.com\", a serial where I played the role of a 31 year old guy. He was impressed with my work but used to urge me to do more roles and say, 'Ki yeh karo, aise karo etc. He cast me only after he was totally satisfied. Nonetheless, it was a great learning experience,\" says Kavin.Old is always not Gold  Given that the filmy sets are hotbeds for pranksters, working in a comedy film with veterans must be somewhat hard. \"Shooting was fun all the way. We used to play pranks on each other. But let me tell you, working with Sanjay Mishra has its own hazards,\" he says with a laugh.Ask him how he managed the action sequences and he smiles, \"Though it's a comedy film, still we have got enough action scenes in it. There are at least two sequences where I was suspended from the 5th floor, upside down. Doing these scenes was especially difficult.\"Hands Full  So, does this eligible bachelor get hot vibes from all the girls around and he sighs, \"Actually, I am focusing on my career right now.\" Kavin also has his hands full with a films in his kitty. \"I'm doing \"Kya Super Kool Hain Hum\" of Balaji films, which is a sequel to the original, but has a different storyline. Then I'm working in \"Shirin Farhat Ki Toh Nikal Padi\", which is also a comedy and stars Boman Irani.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12336800", "title": "Synthetic track laying will be completed by April", "text": "MANGALORE: Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda on Monday said that two (supervisory and technical) committees had been set up to ensure that the ongoing work of laying synthetic track at Mangala stadium here is completed within the stipulated time frame.Taking stock of the progress achieved in this regard on Monday, DC said it was decided to complete the work by April and to inaugurate the facility in May.It was decided at the meeting to include Raju Velu of Bhadravathi as a member of the committee set up to supervise the work. DC said the district administration would release the funds to the contractor only after the Indian Amateur Athletics Federation approves the quality of work. At present, civil works in preparation for laying the track like laying an asphalt base is on.The state government has released Rs 3.09 crore for the project, the tendered cost of which is Rs 3.15 crore. The department of youth affairs and sports has sought an additional Rs 45 lakh for incorporating additional facilities requested by local sportspersons' fraternity. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly said talks were on with the directorate of youth affairs and sports to provide the additional facilities suggested by the sportspersons.Yogish Bhat also broached the idea of a second public swimming pool for the city. Noting that Yemmekere area of the city was developing rapidly, he said it would provide the idyllic setting for setting up a swimming pool there.\"The local environment there too is conducive for promoting this proposal,\" he added.DC directed the department to submit a proposal for setting up a sports hostel near ITI, Kadri Hill and indoor stadium in Shaktinagar.Ajit Kumar Hegde, commissioner, Mangalore Urban Development Authority ( MUDA) said the authority would examine the proposal of developing a ground for sports at Bangra Kuloor and submit a report. When the issue of an informal agreement with Corporation Bank on meeting stadium maintenance expenses was brought to the attention of the DC, Channappa Gowda said he would take it up with Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director of the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12336059", "title": "Ashram shala teachers' stir withdrawn", "text": "Nashik: Teachers from ashram schools withdrew their three-day old strike after the tribal development commissionerate agreed to increase the staff strength and grant one-step promotions to them.Alleging that the tribal development commissionerate (TDC) was discriminating between the employees of government-run and government-aided education institutes, office-bearers of the Maharashtra Rajya Shikshak Parishad, Ashramshala Vibhag, had been on a hunger strike since Friday. The same was withdrawn with the TDC accepting the demands and assuring action regarding the same.President of the parishad, Bharat Patel, said, \"Henceforth, the TDC has agreed to approve the appointment of teachers in government-aided schools before September 5 of every year, and implement the one-step promotion scheme for all employees, especially those who have completed 12 years of service.\"The TDC has agreed to fill the vacancies of women superintendents, security personnel and others at the ashramshalas and also create equal number of posts in government-aided schools at par with those in government-run schools.\"The TDC has said it will look into the implementation of ashram shala timings from 11am to 5pm to benefit day-scholars and teachers,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336372", "title": "Akhilesh expels five more partymen", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five more SP workers who created ruckus during the swearing-in ceremony on March 15 were expelled by SP state president Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday. With this, the party has now expelled 17 workers on charges of indiscipline and hooliganism.Yadav had expelled 10 workers on Friday, a day after the incident brought back the old memories of SP as a party of hooligans. The same day, two other workers were booted out after they allegedly thrashed an employment officer in Ghaziabad.Those expelled on Sunday were Wasim, Sharwat Chaudhary, Ameer Ahmad Siddiqui and Izhar Khan, all from party's Meerut district unit. The fifth worker was identified as Babulal, an SP office bearer in Ghorawal seat of Sonbhadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336319", "title": "Government Railway Police hunt for women thieves", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Government Railway Police has launched a search for women thieves who operate on the trains passing through the Allahabad region. They are particularly looking for three women thieves wanted in connection with over two dozen theft cases.These women disguise themselves as housewives, board the trains and then steal valuables during night hours when the passengers are fast asleep.GRP officials said most of these gang members belong to west UP districts like Meerut, Moradabad and Muzafarnagar and operate in an organised way. They keep a vigil on their targets and steal valuables when the latter falls asleep.These thieves win the confidence of the passengers with their good communication skills.GRP Allahabad is also taking the help of its counterparts in Meerut, Ghaziabad and other districts to burst the network of women thieves.Inspector GRP Devendra Mishra said efforts are being made to arrest women theives. He added that these women often operate in Sangam express and travel between Meerut and Allahabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336403", "title": "Group clashes over petty issues reported", "text": "VARANASI: There has been a noticeable increase in frequency of group clashes in the district. On Monday morning, two groups clashed in Barani village under Jansa police station over a minor dispute about using a hand pump.According to reports, a hand pump is installed outside the residence of Vijayi Pal. Due to excessive use of such hand pump by villagers; the land outside Vijayi's residence had become very filthy. Due to it he had removed the hand pump a few days back. On Sunday, Vijayi's neighbour Chandresh Pal re-installed the hand pump. On Monday morning, another neighbour Sambhal Pal started using the hand pump when Chandresh raised serious objections.Angered by it the Sambhal's family members attacked Chandresh. On seeing it the family of Chandresh also came out and indulged in fighting. Over 12 persons from both groups including Sambhal, Nirmala, Shanti, Arwind, Sunil, Mukesh, Rakesh, Chandresh, Pappu, Ramesh, Anita and Prabhavati suffered injuries in this incident. On receiving information of incident police reached the incident site and registered cases on the complaint of both groups. The injured persons were initially rushed to local hospital from where seven were referred to SPG Hospital.Meanwhile, Vishnu Prasad (57), a native of Ramchandipur village under Chaubeypur police station, who was admitted to a private hospital after felling unconscious when his neighbour Ravindra Yadav attacked him over a land dispute on Sunday, died during the course of treatment on Monday. Vishnu had some old land dispute with Ravindra. In the same dispute, Ravindra attacked him. On the complaint of Vihsnu's son Dhananjay the police registered a case of homicide against three persons including Ravindra. No arrest was reported in this connection so far.Before that in a late night incident a security guard of a petrol pump Subhash Yadav (32) was shot by three motorcycle-borne miscreants in a loot bid at the petrol pump in Balramganj area under Cholapur police station on Sunday.According to reports, three miscreants boarded on one motorcycle reached a petrol pump at Balramganj on Sunday night. After the pump employees filled petrol in their motorcycle they refused to pay the cost of fuel. On seeing that the petrol pump employees including Chhotu, Ajay and security guard caught the trio. Bid in the bid to become free from their clutches the miscreants opened indiscriminate fire in which Subhash was killed. Afterwards, the miscreants looted cash Rs 30,000 from pump employees and fled from the scene. Despite the order of SP Rural Harish Kumar for launching a checking drive no arrest was reported in this connection so far.Not only on the outskirts but violent scenes also became visible on Asi-Lanka Road under Lanka police station on Sunday night when an angry mob of students attacked a restaurant. According to reports, the inmates of a hostel of Banaras Hindu University visited a restaurant on Asi-Lanka Road for dinner. The students alleged that they ordered for pure vegetarian food but some non-vegetarian food was also served to them against which they raised serious objection. However, the restaurant manager alleged that the students were seeking discount on bill but when he refused their demand they created scene at the restaurant. The students also alleged that the restaurant manager had opened fire on them but they survived in this attack.After a few minutes of the high drama at restaurant scores of other hostel inmates raided the placed and damaged mirrors of the restaurant by indulging in brick batting. Police had to exercise hard to control the angry mob of students.The students agreed to return their hostel rooms only after the police registered a case against the restaurant manager. Angered by this action of police the traders of Lanka area met the police and also tried to close the market on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12335929", "title": "Highways dept pushes for world-class Chennai roads", "text": "CHENNAI: The highways department on Monday finalized its plan to make 65km of its roads in Chennai world-class at a meeting attended by representatives of various government agencies.A Mumbai-based consultant, S N Bhobe, appointed last month, spoke about the factors that need to be considered while planning roads. \"Every square foot of our roads need to be planned. This will improve road safety. The key to good planning is coordination among agencies,\" the highways secretary T K Ramachandran said.\"Since the metro rail is already shifting utility pipes and cables, it will make plan for these roads easier,\" said Raj Cherubal of Chennai City Connect, an NGO, along with the Institute of Transportation and Development Policy introduced the concept to the government.It will take six months for a detailed project report to be conceived. During the presentation, representative from different agencies cited limitations. D Sivanandan of traffic planning department said that roads are saturated and carry more vehicles than their capacity. But M Geetha of the CMDA said, \"We analyze the traffic capacity of the road before giving clearances to commercial building.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335222", "title": "Green tribunal to get office space, houses for members", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than 72 hours after the Supreme Court threatened to scrap the National Green Tribunal as it was starved of office space and residential accommodation for its chairman and members, the Union government on Monday said it would make amends within three weeks.On Friday, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya had pulled up the lackadaisical approach of the government in making NGT operational. The tribunal was constituted by an Act of Parliament in 2010 as a quasi-judicial body to adjudicate environment-related issues including grant of clearances for projects in forest areas.What anguished the court was the fact that the tribunal, facing severe space crunch and inadequate secretarial and clerical staff, remained headless for the past two-and-a-half months. On Friday, it had termed the tribunal a \"farce\" while threatening to scrap it.The court's anger appeared to have a galvanizing effect on the government as on Monday, senior officers of the environment ministry were present in court to avert any adverse order.Additional solicitor general P P Malhotra, appearing for the ministry, assured the court that corrective steps would be taken within three weeks to make good the deficiencies, including appointment of a former apex court judge as chairman.The court adjourned the hearing and hoped that no further orders would be required on this matter. On allotting office space to the tribunal at Faridkot House, the Centre said steps would be taken in consultation with the urban development ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12335431", "title": "Postal dept to pay 83K compensation", "text": "Malda: The District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (DCDRF) has ordered officials of the postal department in Malda to pay a compensation of Rs 83,000 for delay in delivery of a speed post. The delay reportedly 'debarred' the complainant, Shakti Pramanik, from appearing for an interview and 'sealed his chance of getting the service'.The forum also directed the superintendent of post offices of Malda head post office (under Malda division), postmaster of Ratua sub-post office and the postmaster and peon of Kamalpur branch post office to pay the compensation within a month.Shakti Pramanik of Lakshmipur village had applied for a job on January 8, 2010. He received the interview letter on April 12, 2011 from Kamalpur post office peon Judhistir Karmakar and found that it had taken place 14 days back. Shakti also alleged that Karmakar had received the letter on March 28, three days before the interview. He hence sought redress from the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335407", "title": "French national held with party drug", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young French national and another person have been arrested for possessing three grams of the party drug MDMA and 470 grams of charas, together valued at Rs 1.2 lakh. The Crime Branch claims it is the first seizure of methylenedioxy-n-methylamphetamine (MDMA) in Delhi.The main accused, Abhay Chand Gupta (37), reportedly arranged rave parties in the NCR and procured the drugs from Himachal Pradesh.Additional DCP (Crime Branch) Sanjay Bhatia said, \"He used to provide drugs to high profile customers and foreign nationals\".Frenchman Jeremy Grasset, who runs a travel agency, was arrested along with Gupta near Dilli Haat on Thursday on a tip-off that a man would deliver drugs to Grasset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339663", "title": "It is a mixed budget", "text": "The budget presented by the finance minister is a positive one though it ignores certain areas. The budget tries to address the issues in infrastructure, agriculture, industry and waste management sectors. What I personally believe is that the budget outlays would make significant changes in the industrial and agricultural sectors.'Emerging Kerala' and the proposed commercial centres at Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode will help the economy. Seaport - Airport Area Development Authority would be beneficial to the infrastructure sector, while creation of industrial manufacturing zones in the Kochi - Coimbatore industrial corridor would benefit the industrial sector. Another significant project is the electronic manufacturing hub at Amballoor.The proposed petrochemical industrial zone would assist the industrial sector as well as the educated youth in the state.However there are some dampeners - particularly the taxation of motor vehicles and the increase in VAT. I believe the new road taxation is unscientific and would serve as an incentive for people here to register vehicles in other states. The increase in VAT is going to affect us because ours is a consumer state.(The writer, K N Marzook, is the chairman of Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337353", "title": "Blueprint charts urban transport mess, pitches for a u-turn", "text": "PUNE: Urban transport in Indian cities is headed in the wrong direction and massive investments are needed for improvement of transport services, the working group constituted by the planning commission for the 12th five-year plan, has said.\"Good public transport systems add to quality of life, besides increasing the commercial and labour market efficiency, and access to amenities,\" the group observed.Pune has lessons to learn from these observations. The poor state of public transport, neglect of pedestrians, cyclists and public transport users, and increased motorization,pollution and high number of road accidents would worsen because of the ``business as usual'' growth in cities,which will increase use of personal vehicles, the report said. This is true for Pune too. The group has identified ten goals including augmenting public transport, improving accessibility and mobility, improving and maintaining road surface to the highest standards, and facilities for walking and cycling. Improving road safety and security, use of technology for multimodal transport, enforcement of traffic rules, traffic management and promote innovation, research and development in guided transport were also stressed.Pune needs to gear up now to address these concerns, programme director of Parisar, an environmental group working for sustainable transport, Ranjit Gadgil said. \"Issues about urban transport in various cities including Pune have been correctly identified, but improving the situation does not need massive investments,\" he said. Improving footpaths, public bus transport, junction improvements, implementing public bicycle scheme and other projects to helping bus commuters and pedestrians would not be cost-intensive, he said.\"They can be done by the municipal corporations. But, once there is talk about massive investments and funds are allocated, the focus shifts to mega projects like metro rail, and flyovers,\" he added. Urban transport expert Ashok Sreenivas said irrespective of the good intentions of Delhi-based policies, it is up to the states and cities to improve their situation.\"Urban transport is a state subject, and the central government cannot take decisions on behalf of Pune Municipal Corporation or any other city.Unless governance, capacity and policies improve at the state-level, the situation will not improve,\" he said. Multiplicity of authorities and departments involved in urban transport was complicating matters, it observed. The authorities and departments have conflicting agendas and lack of understanding of urban transport issues. \"Such a situation needs to be proactively reversed urgently,\" the report stated.The group recommended setting up of an urban transport department, not only in the ministry of urban development, but also at the municipal corporation levels and the urban development ministry of the state. Importantly, the group has recommended that a commission for urban transport safety be set up to cover safety certification for rail transit, road vehicles and road infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339003", "title": "KINFRA gets 100 crore to develop industrial hubs", "text": "With the key message of promoting the state as an investment-friendly destination, the state budget presented by finance minister K M Mani on Monday unveils the government plan to set up industrial hubs with a major share of Rs 100 crore going to KINFRA.The minister, in his budget speech, said industrial hubs will be set up in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode and Rs 100 crore would be allotted to KINFRA (Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation ) for land acquisition towards these projects.KINFRA will also act as a nodal agency for the 'Emerging Kerala global business summit' in September for which Rs 5 crore has been set aside. The corporation has also been authorized to set up new generation industrial parks in all districts.State government will give priority to public private participation (PPP) and as part of that a PPP cell will be set up at the Kerala State Planning Board, the minister said. Electronic procurement facility will be introduced in all public sector undertakings (PSUs) to ensure transparency and to prevent corruption. Industrial manufacturing cell will be formed and it will be created through special purpose vehicle (SPV).The Kochi-Coimbatore industrial corridor will be developed and the Ambalur Electronic Manufacturing hub will be set up at an initial investment of Rs 20 crore. Kerala Mineral Development Corporation will be developed with Rs 2 crore and KINFRA will support the setting up of Global Ayurveda Village at a cost of Rs 5 crore. Infrastructure Kerala Limited (INKEL) will support the setting up of Cancer Institute and Education Health Centre.KSIDC and GAIL will support the gas infrastructure programme at a cost of Rs 12 crore. Sea plane service will be launched with interested firms at an initial investment of Rs 12 crore. Through a joint venture of Keltron and VSSC, Thiruvananthapuram Aerospace Centre will be set up this year at an investment of Rs 10 crore, he said. Centrally-assisted food processing mission will be set up at a cost of Rs 4.5 crore. For the traditional sector, Rs 4 crore will be set aside for its revival and Rs 100 crore for coir sector development.Merging it with tourism, a coir village will be set up on a PPP basis at a cost of Rs 10 lakh. To save the crisis ridden cashew sector industry and to generate employment opportunities, the budget has set aside Rs 65 crore, he said. To revive the textile industry in the state, the budget has set aside Rs 60 crore and to modernize khadi board it allocates Rs 12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12334382", "title": "State boon for 24 developers", "text": "Mumbai: The state government on Monday said developers will have to pay the authorities only half of what was stipulated in its public parking policy, in a bonanza for those who have already received permission under it.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had earlier said that developers pay 40% of the ready-reckoner rate (RRR) for availing the incentive floor space index (FSI) under the parking scheme. But a notification by the urban development department on Monday reduced it by half, or 20%, of the RRR.This will benefit around two dozen developers who had procured sanctions, including letters of intent and commencement certificates before the controversial policy was amended by civic chief Subodh Kumar last May. Build- ers who submit proposals now will have to pay the full 40% premium to the BMC and state government.A developer described it as \"discriminatory''. Few builders who had got permission moved the Bombay high court, after the BMC insisted they pay the new rates. They contended that the state and not BMC could issue a circular asking them to pay a premium. The court concurred with the developers and Monday's notification was an outcome of its directive.The scheme was introduced by then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh in 2008 and pushed through at breakneck speed by his successor Ashok Chavan . It offered incentive construction rights to builders who erect parking towers on part of their land and hand it over free to the BMC.Last March, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan told the BMC to review the policy. Developers used the scheme to plan 50-60 storey-high luxury skyscrapers, mainly in cent- ral Mumbai.The state government says developers who have already got permission will have to pay only half the premium of what was stipulated in its public parking policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12334146", "title": "Is 'Pyaar ki Pungi' inspired by 'Soosan Khanoom'?", "text": "The music arranger insists that the only similarity between the two songs is the Persian groove.Over the weekend, rumors surfaced in Bollywood over a plagiarism accusation throw at music director Pritam over his latest creation 'Pyaar Ki Pungi' from the Saif Ali Khan starrer Agent Vinod . The beginning beats of Pyaar Ki Pungi have supposedly been taken from a song titled Soosan Khanoom by an Iranian band called Barobax.However despite the accusation thrown at Pritam, the music programmer and arranger of the witty Saif Ali Khan number has come out to clarify that the furore surrounding this whole process is quite ill founded. Sandeep Shirodkar says, \"The similarity between Pyaar ki Pungi and Soosan Khanoom is the Persian groove. But that basically means that both songs fit a certain genre. Musically and lyrically, they are poles apart. Consider the Indian songs from the 60's. Each one of them had a consistent dhol and tabla pattern. So does that mean that every new song that has a dhol or tabla playing in the background is now a copy of some number that was produced decades ago? More importantly, all the loops used in the songs have been officially purchased from established software developers.\" Sandeep's words undoubtedly throw much needed light on the whole situation.In a world like B-Town where every small bit of controversy gets blown out of proportion, let's hope that this time, all the unnecessary drama is avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335736", "title": "Joint efforts in Gujarat to take diabetes care to common man", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government on Monday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for launching an innovative project, 'Changing Diabetes Barometer' that will take diabetes care to the common man with Novo Nordisk Education Foundation.Under this project, the state government and Novo Nordisk Education Foundation will undertake a massive diabetes control program, which would include creating mass awareness regarding diabetes, conducting diabetes screening programs and enabling practical training camps for medical professionals. The focus would also be to improve treatment of diabetes as well as reduce complications related to diabetes. Also on the agenda are making Gujarat free from diabetes-related amputation and blindness.Officials said that in India, there are 62 million people with diabetes and the economic cost of the disease is estimated to be 2.1% of GDP. Every 10 seconds, one person dies from diabetes-related causes. The cost of diabetes includes lost productivity and the cost of treating the disease and its complications, such as heart disease, hypertension, and diabetic retinopathy.After signing the MOU, health minister Jay Narayan Vyas said: \"There is a need to create awareness and educate people about diabetes. It is important for all concerned parties get together in delivering diabetes awareness, screening, education and treatment to the common man. Health is a key priority for the government of Gujarat and I urge people to come forward and avail the various awareness programmes planned,\" Vyas said.Although there is no cure for diabetes, it can be managed successfully with appropriate and adequate treatment. Addressing the disease is impeded by lack of information, prevention and education measures. It is vital for all concerned parties to get together and work towards bringing diabetes awareness, screening, education and treatment to the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12337275", "title": "Errors mar higher secondary Physics, Education exams", "text": "KOLKATA: The state higher secondary council was caught off guard when a mistake was identified during the physics examination on Monday.A two-mark question in Group B was on series and parallel. \"Though in the Bengali version, the question was correct , in English the question went wrong. If necessary, the students could have attempted a different question. But those who have decided to attempt 2D will be rewarded full marks and won't be penalised ,\" said the president of West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education, Muktinath Chattopadhyay.Students of education also had a complaint. Question number 5E in the Education paper had two parts. In the first part, students had to solve a mathematical calculation. In the second part, students had to depict the calculation graphically . However, many schools did not receive graph paper from the council and so, the students could not attempt the second part.\"The second part of the question could have been done in the answer scripts, too. The schools, however, have not taught their students to do so, which should have been done. Anyway, we have decided to reward full marks to those who may have attempted the question ,\" added Chattopadhyay.During the day, the western regional zone observer Nirmalya Das, who is in charge of HS exams in the four districts of East and West Midnapore, Purulia and Bankura, lodged a complaint against the officer in charge and the secretary of a school in Bankura.The complaint was regarding the question papers having reached some schools way ahead of the scheduled examination time. At the particular school in Bankura, the papers reached 18 hours before the exam. A complaint was therefore lodged with the council against the school secretary and the officer in charge since there was a possibility of questions being leaked.\"A section of the school teachers' association may have been involved in the matter. Rumours are also being spread about question papers being leaked. I visited seven schools in Ghatal, where I also noticed that despite Section 144 being clamped in the neighbourhood of exam centres, outsiders are being allowed on the campus. We have beefed up security,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337329", "title": "Farmers protest against export, trading restrictions", "text": "PUNE: The Shetkari Sanghatana on Monday staged an agitation outside the office of state agriculture commissioner to protest against restrictions on export and trading of onion, cotton and sugar.Meanwhile, state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil has invited the Sanghatana leaders to Mumbai for discussion on March 28.A group of 100 farmers led by their leaders marched to the central building, where the office of the commissioner is located. Ravi Devang, state president of the Sanghatana, held a meeting with commissioner Umakant Dangat and managing director of Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board, Kishor Toshniwal. The other Sanghatna leaders, former MLA Wamanrao Chatap, Gunawant Patil-Hangekar, Anant Umarikar, Govind Joshi and Anil Dhanwat were also present.Devang said, \"The current restrictions on agriculture like minimum price mechanism for foodgrains, random bans on export of cotton, onion and sugar are preventing farmers from earning more. If farmers earn more, it will boost the economy. The government should either lift restrictions on foodgrain prices or ensure that farmers do not incur losses.\"The increased grape production also gave a boost to raisin production in Sangli and Solapur districts. Traders formed a cartel and offered very low prices to farmers. Devang said, \"The state government should have intervened and ensured that farmers get higher prices. If a trader can earn profit from his business, farmers should also get better returns.\"The Sanghatana also demanded that orders be issued by the government for onion purchase. \"Punjab has already started purchasing onion for Rs 10 per kilogram. Similar instructions should be issued to state authorities concerned. The onion supply is going up in the wholesale markets, which would bring down the prices. If the state starts purchasing onion, prices will stabilize and farmers will not be bullied by traders to sell their produce at cheaper rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335658", "title": "Truck driver, cleaner arrested for staging Rs 12L robbery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural police arrested a truck driver and a cleaner for staging robbery of goods worth Rs 4.40 lakh and the truck carrying the goods. The police recovered the stolen goods on Monday.According to Koth police officials, they received a complaint on March 14 about robbery of goods worth Rs 11.71 lakh. As per the complaint by Danaram Patel, a resident of Sirohi, Rajasthan, he was passing from near Gundi railway crossing on Bagodara-Dhandhuka highway at 2.30 am when a front tyre of the vehicle got punctured and he got off to check it. At that time, four men approached the truck in a mini van. Two of them held him whereas the other two got into the driver's cabin and drove off with the truck. The truck contained sugar worth Rs 4.40 lakh meant for Parle Biscuit manufacturing unit near Bhavnagar. \"From the beginning, we found it fishy. Patel and the owner Vajaram Rabari, a resident of Sirohi, Rajasthan, were together till Maharashtra-Gujarat border. Rabari then got down citing some ailments and Patel drove it on his own. The duo approached police six hours after the incident and their narration had a number of loopholes. When we questioned them separately, they broke down and confessed that they had staged the robbery,\" said D J Vaghela, deputy superintendent of police, Dholka division.Police then recovered truck from a petrol pump near Khodiar chokdi at Khoraj with sacks of sugar worth Rs 4 lakh. Investigators said that the duo had sold off some of the sugar on the way.The truck contained sugar worth Rs 4.40 lakh meant for Parle Biscuit manufacturing unit near Bhavnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12336676", "title": "10 Jharkhand hockey players for national camp", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Recognising the potential of young female hockey players of the state, Hockey India (HI) has selected 10 talented women for the national coaching camp to be organised by the Sports Authority of India, (SAI) in Bhopal from March 22 to March 26.In a letter sent to Jharkhand Hockey, Anupam Gulati, the executive director of Hockey India, named the ten young players on Monday, who have been selected for the national camp. Bigan Soy, Sonal Minz, Sushila Lakra, Rukmani Dodray, Nikki Pradhan, Etwari Mundu, Shabnam Lakra, Poonam Madhuri Tete, Anima Minz and Ahila Sosan Beck are the players who have been selected for the camp. \"The proposed camp shall help in building hockey talent of our young woman players,\" said Harbhajan Singh , member, Hockey Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339536", "title": "Nirbhaya to empower women, minor girls", "text": "The gover nment will launch a new initiative 'Nirbhaya' to prevent atrocities against women and minor girls. A fast track court will also be set up to punish the culprits. A sum of Rs 1.3 crore has been allocated for this scheme.Thantedam gender park, exclusively for women will come up in Kozhikode at a cost of Rs 6 crore. Vayomithram project which is being implemented in various districts will be extended to all corporation and municipalities this year.A cochlear implantation scheme aimed at retrieving the speech and hearing faculties of children below three years of age will be introduced. The project will be realized at a cost of RS 6 crore.The budget also mentions about setting up of child rights commission to ensure a society free of child exploitation. A sum of Rs 1 crore has been allocated for the purpose. Model anganwadis will be set up in every assembly constituency, and Rs 5 crore has been earmarked for the programme. A children's home will be set up in Idukki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12336672", "title": "Taking baby steps towards better docs", "text": "NAGPUR: We may keep gloating over sophisticated medical facilities in our country, but we are still lagging behind in some basics. Even as sophisticated tools and gadgetry help doctors reach a diagnosis quickly today, the skill of coming to a conclusion based on observation alone has been a waning trend among medicos. Some senior doctors, who learnt the art from their teachers, are saddened by this phenomenon and trying to teach this skill.As Colours Children Hospital celebrated two years of its existence, some doctors organized a session for city medicos to learn these skills from two masters.Dr YK Amdekar, former professor of paediatrics at Grant Medical College of Mumbai and former president of Indian Academy of Paediatrics, along with well known paediatrician Dr Rajesh Chokhani from Mumbai's Mahavir Medical Research Centre taught the doctors clinical diagnosis of difficult cases in paediatrics.\"We have all the necessary talent and infrastructure today, but no accountability. That means the scientific advances have not been able to percolate to the lowest level. What is astonishing is that these advanced interventions are only needed by few, while what most people need is basic, simple medical care,\" said Dr Amdekar.The doctors today need to be sensitized about the use of their brain, observation power and experience, and minimize use of complicated machines, he said. Speaking specifically in terms of neonatal care, he said a newborn does not need anything if he gets mother's milk and warmth, and a basic level of hygiene is maintained in its surroundings.Dr Chokhani added, \"Community health care would definitely be strengthened if simple interventions by doctors become the norm, rather than hospital care and various tests. The greatness of the most popular of our mythological warriors lay in the fact that despite being armed with the best of weapons, they knew when not to use them. The same should be the case with doctors to detect various medical conditions.\"Senior paediatrician Dr Uday Bodhankar said, \"The high newborn and child mortality rate in the country can be brought down by 60% if there is stress on these basic skills. Some 90% of health problems can be sorted out by simplest of interventions, with only 5% requiring sophisticated devices,\" he said.The doctors rued the fact that the country's health care policies are directed towards this minority at the cost of a large majority.\"The administrators in hospitals and public health sector are making wrong investments at the behest of bureaucrats and politicians. They end up buying equipment like ventilators and MRI machines in hospitals that do not even have warmers for babies,\" said Dr Bodhankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "damascus", "code": "12336910", "title": "Assad\u2019s wife in leaked email: \u2018I\u2019m the real dictator in family\u2019", "text": "DAMASCUS: Syrian president Bashar al-Assad's wife, Asma, told a friend that she was the \"real dictator\" in the family, a trove of emails received and sent by her and Assad have revealed. Asma's 'dictator' comment was made partly in jest during an exchange with a friend on December 14 about how much attention spouses typically pay to each other.\"As for listening - I am the REAL dictator, he has no choice... \" she wrote.In an email to a family friend on January 10, Asma praised a speech Assad gave for conveying a sense of being \"very strong, no more messing around\". On January 17, she circulated an email cracking a joke at the expense of the people of Homs, shortly before a regime onslaught that would claim hundreds of lives. According to Telegraph, Asma received from her husband an email with the subject line \"Student who obtained zero percent on an exam\".Meanwhile, rebels fought government forces in Damascus on Monday, in the most violent gun battles the Syrian capital has seen since the start of the year-long revolt against president Assad, opposition activists said.The clashes near the centre of Assad's power base appeared to be an attempt by rebels to show they still pose a serious challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337195", "title": "High-tension wire falls on bus in Chaksu, 2 die", "text": "JAIPUR: Two farmers were electrocuted and 30 others sustained burn injuries when a high-tension wire fell on their bus near Sheetla Mata temple in Chaksu village on Monday.The mishap occurred when farmers from Baran and Kota districts in about 100 buses were coming to Jaipur to submit a memorandum to chief minister Ashok Gehlot regarding pending schemes for the benefit of their community in Hadauti region at a 'Kisan Sammelan' organized near former PWD minister Pramod Jain Bhaya's Jyoti Nagar residence.According to police, farmers of one of the buses got down near Sheetla Mata temple to have breakfast. After breakfast, when they were boarding the bus, an 11kv electricity wire fell on the bus and two farmers were electrocuted. \"Two farmers were killed on the spot while 30 others were rushed to other hospitals, including Sawai Man Singh (SMS) and Mahatma Gandhi Hospital,\" said police.The deceased have been identified as Vimal Chand (33) and Ram Kalyan (40), police added.After the high-tension wire fell on the bus, it caught fire and people panicked. Some people also picked up buckets full of mud and tried to douse the fire. After the mishap, farmers called up the police and ambulance for assistance. Some villagers also provided conveyance to ply injured farmers to the hospital.Later, a team of police officers, fire tender and an ambulance rushed to the spot. The police officers also called up the authorities of the electricity board to disconnect the power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335340", "title": "2 held for robbery in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were arrested for robbing foreign nationals and two women at south Delhi.Police said they were part of a gang that targeted women travelling in autos.On February 5, the accused, Mukesh and Manoj, had robbed Anuradha, a senior executive residing at Safdarjung.Interrogation of members of the goonga gang led to the arrest of the accused, police said.Technical surveillance and local intelligence were used to nab them, said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).During interrogation the accused told the cops they never used cell phones to avoid detection and had robbed several women in the last three months in the national capital, Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12336347", "title": "Maoists name negotiators, unilateral cease-fire from both sides", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Unable to trace the whereabouts of two Italians abducted by Maoists, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday partly conceded to the extremists' demand to halt combing operations, saying the state would not engage in coercive action till the guerillas maintain peace.The Maoists responded by naming CPI (Maoist) politburo member Narayan Sanyal (currently in Giridih jail, Jharkhand), civil rights activist-cum-lawyer Biswapriya Kanungo and Dandapani Mohanty (who was one of three interlocutors during the February 2011 kidnapping episode of Malkangiri collector) as their representatives for talks with the government. They announced unilateral cease-fire from their side, appealing to other Maoist groups along Odisha's border not to indulge in violence. This came shortly after Naveen urged the abductors to nominate their representatives for negotiations.\"There would be no coercive action by the security forces as long as the Odisha State Organising Committee of the CPI (Maoist) does not indulge in any violence and other unlawful activities,\" Naveen said in the state Assembly hours after the Maoists issued their 13-point charter of demands in writing through the media, stating that they should not be held responsible for the safety of the abductees unless the government fulfils their demands. The Red radicals had initially set March 18 as the deadline for the government to meets their demands. On Monday evening, they extended it to Tuesday evening.Naveen said the state government has received the Maoists' 'pamphlet' in which they have demanded that combing operations by security forces be stopped before discussions begin. The state government, he added, was willing to hold discussions with the Maoists immediately. \"In spite of the offer of the government, Maoists continue to indulge in violence and killing of security forces and civilians till date,\" he said, pointing out Sunday's incident in Koraput wherein two security men were killed in a landmine blast.The CM appealed to the extremists not to indulge in violence 'in order to create a congenial atmosphere for discussions' and also urged them to immediately release the two Italians, Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo, taken hostage from the Kandhamal-Ganjam border since March 14. \"We have news from the families of two Italians from the cities of Rome and Turin who are in great distress and are naturally deeply concerned about the fate of their two relatives,\" he added, hoping the Maoists will act in a 'humane manner'.The government appeal followed public outcry against the kidnapping. Schoolchildren, lawyers and NGO workers took out rallies in Daringbadi block (where Paolo and Colangelo were last seen on March 12 before being abducted) in Kandhamal, protesting the kidnapping and seeking safe and quick release of the foreigners.In the morning, the CPI (Maoist), through a media release signed by Odisha State Organising Committee secretary Sunil (alias Sabyasachi Panda), accused the state and Union governments of attracting foreign tourists by showcasing tribals as 'wild monkeys' and 'chimpanzees' and also promoting industrialists to loot mineral resources from tribal areas. It said the government was suppressing the protesting tribal and public voice at gunpoint through Operation Green Hunt. \"The government's so-called restrictions on visit of foreigners to tribal areas are blatant lies. Tourists are being sent to click nude photographs of tribals,\" the release said, trying to justify the 'arrest' of two Italians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335085", "title": "Games flats: Court tells DDA, Emaar to settle row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday pulled up the Delhi Development Authority, the Urban Development ministry and private builder Emaar MGF for failing to resolve their dispute and leaving the owners of the Commonwealth Games Village flats in lurch.Justice Hima Kohli criticized the authorities for harping repeatedly on the issue of excess floor area ratio (FAR) at the cost of the flat buyers and directed Emaar MGF to pay nearly Rs 16.2 crore pending dues to the DDA to get completion certificates. Once the dues are paid, the landowning agency DDA should issue the power of attorney to the builder so that the process of registration and possession of the flats can be started, the court added.HC issued the directive after DDA counsel Ajay Verma told the court that it recently issued completion certificates to 26 towers and, for the remaining four towers (No. 13, 17, 31 and 36), it would issue the certificates once the dues were cleared.The court was hearing a petition filed by the CWG Flat Allottees Association that sought a directive to the DDA to issue completion certificates for more than 400 flats so that the private builder can hand over the possession.On the last date of hearing, the court had directed the DDA to expedite the process of issuing completion certificates to the flats housed in 30 towers at the earliest and keep four towers separate.Taking a serious view that the agency was discriminating in issuing the certificates to the flats and choosing towers arbitrarily, the court had directed the DDA to keep four towers - 5 and 15 (Emaar MGF share) and 26 and 29 (the DDA's own share) - out of the total 34 towers in case some flats were demolished due to violation of building bylaws. The court had said the flats had remained unoccupied since December 2010 after the Games were over and directed the DDA and Emaar MGF to jointly inspect each flat, including the basement, and issue completion certificates.According to the flat allottees association, the DDA is in possession of the project comprising 1,168 flats in 34 towers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336331", "title": "Artists show their creative side at 'Saarthi-The Guide'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A ballet christened 'Saarthi- The Guide' was organised at Preetam Nagar on Monday in which the artists showcased their acting prowess. The programme started with 'Ganesh Vandana' and Geeta Pujan under the direction of Meena Khanna. After that, artists presented 'Jhanak-Jhanak baaje' and the ballet was staged.Addressing the people at the venue, chief guest and secretary of Prayag Sangeet Samiti Arun Kumar said that the given by Lord Krishna teachings to Pandavas is still relevant today and people should try to follow them in their life. The artists who participated in the ballet included Kriti, Rubi, Komal, Aarti, Sujata, Shrishti, Shailesh, Shubhendu, Rajesh, Rakesh, Uttam, Shekhar and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12335306", "title": "Shivaji statue in Arabian Sea only: CM", "text": "Mumbai: Chhatrapati Shivaji's statue will come up in the Arabian sea only, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, putting an end to the controversy sparked off by his deputy Ajit Pawar.On the eve of the budget session, Pawar had told the media that an alternative site was finalized as CRZ norms would not allow a statue in the sea. Chavan told the state legislative council on Monday the state government would obtain all the necessary clearances from the Centre within a year and over the next five years it would strive to complete the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337116", "title": "At one's service", "text": "SURAT: Travellers coming to the city or industrial hub Hazira may not have to burn their pockets to live in expensive hotels; or even settle for average lodging places. Service apartments with all amenities of hotels and comfort of homes are fast coming up in the diamond city.Sanat Relia, a hotelier, who has constructed a service apartments on Surat-Dumas Road, said, \"Such apartments provide a good lodging place for a family or a corporate at half the cost of hotel. These types of apartments are doing very good business in cities like Mumbai suburbs, Delhi, Gurgaon and other big cities.\"The need for service apartments in Surat is specially felt during large religious congregations like Dawoodi Bohra meeting to celebrate their community leader Dr Syedna Burhannuddin's 100th birthday recently.These fully-furnished three BHK apartments have an in-house cook and attendants to take care of all requirements.Haroon Lokhandwala, who recently came for the Dawoodi Bohra meet from Mumbai, and stayed at one of these apartments said, \"We were a seven-member family visiting Surat and it was very expensive to live in a hotel. The service apartments came as a big relief for us.\"Moreover, industrial belt Hazira receives hundreds of officials from various firms outside Surat and even abroad and service apartments are fast catching up to cater to their needs. Companies are able to accommodate 4-5 visiting officials in these apartments now.Arun Shetty, president South Gujarat Hotel owners association said, \"Surat is growing very fast and the influx of visitors is also huge. The concept of service apartments is turning out to be a huge success.\"According to industry sources, at least four service apartments are coming up in the city, mostly on the Surat-Dumas Road. There are three more blocks of such apartments are coming up at Icchapore near Hazira and Dahej too.Shirish Shah, a builder who is planning one such apartment at Dahej, said, \"Due to massive industrial development at Dahej, large number of officers from different companies are here for a long stay, ranging from a month to three months and these apartments are ideal for them.\"A hotelier, who is developing one at Icchapore, said, \"We already have a demand due to industries and many have already approached us. Our apartments will be ready by mid-May.\"A builder-hotelier duo planning a service apartment on Surat-Dumas Road said, \"It is not only for visitors or those coming for official work. People are also looking at service apartments as a weekend getaway to unwind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12334824", "title": "Toil to trace tiger turns futile", "text": "INDORE: After keeping the forest officials on their toes for more than a month, tiger in Choral forest range is believed to have moved on to some other neighbouring territory.\"For the last 15 days, there has been no trace of the tiger. We believe that it might have migrated to adjoining Dewas or Barwani forest ranges. The DFOs of the adjoining areas have been alerted and told to keep a track on the tiger's movement,\" said chief conservator of forest (CCF) P C Dubey.\"Though the big cats keep on straying from one place to another, we are hopeful that the richness of Choral forest range might bring the tiger back. Choral range has thick forest with good prey base, which is the basic characteristic of a tiger's habitat,\" he added.He further said the landscape management strategy for the protection of big cats is in place and there is a huge possibility that the region may turn into a permanent tiger habitat.The department had confirmed the presence of tiger for the first time on February 4 last on the basis of pug marks, scratches on tree and other evidences. Since then, the department has been keeping a tab on pug marks of the tiger.Also, there were reports of cattle lifting and killing of other animals in the range. Few villagers too claimed to have seen the tiger. But during the last two weeks, none of these was reported.When contacted, former PCCF (Wildlife), P M Lad said, \"Choral range did not have tigers for the past 30 years. But the condition of forest has improved significantly over the years. The forest is dense with good water reserve and herbivorous population.However, a big cat takes time to adapt itself to a new area. If any tiger stays in a particular area for more than a-year-and-a-half, then only it can be termed a tiger territory.Former PCCF J J Dutta said the tigers are very particular about their territory and they take long to select and adapt to a new territory.Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun had reported about the possible presence of seven tigers in the region for first time in its survey report released in July 2011.The survey had specifically mentioned Dabal Chowki, Kalakund, Choral, Punjarapura, Rajpura and Surtipura as suitable places for tiger habitat in Choral forest range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12337431", "title": "Bogibeel bridge workers threaten to stop work over low wages", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The Bogibeel Bridge project is now staring at another disruption as contractual workers engaged in the multi-crore works have threatened to stop work unless their demand for wage hike is not met. On Sunday, hundreds of workers laid siege to the site office of Gammon India Ltd, the civil engineering company constructing the sub-structure of the 4.3-km bridge at Bogibeel, 20 km from Dibrugarh. The workers said the construction company has failed to address their legitimate demand for a wage hike.A construction worker said, \"We are made to work for 12 hours everyday for a wage of Rs 110 per day. The management has been exploiting the workers - some of us have been working here since November 2008 when work on the sub-structure of the bridge started - and our patience is now being tested. We want our daily wage hiked to Rs 250. If our demand is not met within 10 days, we will launch an indefinite strike.\"Around 400 workers are currently employed in the construction of the bridge sub-structure. Recently enraged workers had damaged the site office of Gammon India Ltd on the north bank of Brahmaputra. It has been almost 10 years since the then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee inaugurated the construction work of rail-cum-road Bogibeel bridge project on April 21, 2002. In July 2007, Bogibeel was declared a national project by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , but the pace of work has always been very slow, raising questions about the time-bound commissioning of the fourth bridge over the Brahmaputra. From the initial estimate of Rs 1,767 crore, the cost of the project has now been revised to Rs 3,230.02 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335131", "title": "Weather turns on the heat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is finally time for city residents to bid adieu to the chilly weather and get ready for summers, as from now onwards the temperature is set to rise with each passing day. According to the meteorological department there will be a consistent rise in minimum temperature over the coming week.Last week, people who had packed their winter clothes had to unpack them in the wake of the cloudy weather, cold winds and rainfall but this week the met department has assured the onset of summers.Met director Surinder Pal said, \"Now the temperature will only increase and it is going to get hotter with each passing day. Even the night temperature will rise. Summer season has finally set in. Monday's temperature was recorded at 31.8 degrees celsius and from Tuesday onwards it will rise further, making it hotter.\"The sun on Monday afternoon had people sweating and looking for shade. Gurinder Kaur, an MA first student of Panjab University said, \"The last few days have seen a visible change in weather. There was a chill in the air till Sunday but today even the breeze was warm. We were feeling hot in t-shirts and walking in the sun was difficult.\"Already city residents are craving for cold drinks and ice candies. Sajan Verma, who had walked in to Sector 17 for some shopping said, \"Today the weather is hot and it is making one feel thirsty. I have guzzled on a lot of water since morning.\"Kusha Saini, a student of class XI said, \"I am happy that it is now time for skirts and half-sleeve tops. I was tired of winters and layers of clothes that I had to wear to stay warm. I will now dump all my winter clothes and make space for summer apparel.\"The night temperature has also started to rise, making nights warm. Sumedha Shah, a homemaker living in Sector 32 said, \"It is difficult to sleep with a blanket at night, as it makes you feel hot. If the temperature keeps on increasing for the next two-three days, then I'll pack all the winter clothes and blankets.\"Neelam Gupta, a homemaker, who is a resident of Sector 38 said, \"I have already got the coolers and air conditioners cleaned as the weather is changing and it feels that summers are at the doorstep.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335496", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant gets Jaya go-ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa giving the nod for the Kudankulam nuclear power plants, Russia said that it was going to send its scientists to the site on Tuesday to start commissioning work for the first unit of the reactors. Russian officials in India said that Moscow stood vindicated by Jayalalithaa's decision to back the reactors that couldn't be commissioned last year because of sudden protests by locals.\"If local authorities guarantee security, a team of Russian scientists will be sent to the plant on Tuesday itself to start the commissioning work,\" Russian embassy senior counselor Sergey Karmalito told TOI. The two pressurized water reactors being built by the state-owned Atomstroy Export at Kudankulam are 98% complete.\"Despite not being allowed to access the site, more than 80 scientists have stayed put in India. We understand that a team of Indian officials visited the plant today and we are waiting for their report,\" he added.Karmalito said that there was never any doubt in the minds of Russian scientists about what decision the Tamil Nadu government was going to take. \"We welcome the decision taken by the chief minister. The reactors at Kudankulam are the safest in the world in terms of technology,\" he said.Russia maintains that the \"third-generation\" safety features in the Kudankulam reactors, including the design which would allow them to function safely under seismic activity, make them \"four times\" safer than those in Fukushima that suffered a nuclear accident last March after being hit by tsunami.While the protestors at Kudankulam cited Fukushima as the reason for blocking work on the reactors, Russian ambassador Alexander M Kadakin last year, ahead of PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Moscow, raised questions over the funding of the protests and also how these had erupted only six months after the Fukushima incident.In an interview to a science magazine, the PM had said in February that the Indian atomic energy programme had got into difficulties because the NGOs, mostly based in the US, didn't appreciate the country's need to ramp up its energy supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335169", "title": "City to get one more plaza", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The purely 'sarkari' corner of Sector 17 around TS Central State Library is set to be developed into a lively hangout with restaurants and cafes coming up on the ground floors of government buildings located there.The two fountains in close vicinity will be spruced up along with landscaping of the area to attract visitors to this side of the commercial hub of the city. The UT urban planning department is giving final touches to this plan and work on the ground is expected to begin shortly. \"The area can come alive as an extension of the vibrant plaza. The existing parking facility provided to government officials of Haryana and Punjab can be utilized during the parking hours by visitors,\" said a UT official.The estate office has already conducted a survey of the area to identify government buildings where the ground floor could be got vacated for opening of showrooms and restaurants on lease to introduce commercial activity in the area.The administration and municipal corporation are jointly working on a plan to revitalize the area around the bank square by putting up benches and installing lights to attract visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337311", "title": "Haffkine develops simple kit to treat snakebites", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-based Haffkine Bio-pharmaceutical Ltd, a state government undertaking, has developed an easy-to-use venom kit for reducing deaths caused due to snake bites, especially in rural areas.The kit is useful for treating bites of four most poisonous snakes - the common cobra, Russel's viper, Common Krait (Manyar) and saw scaled viper (Ghonas/Furse).Prakash Sabde, managing director of Haffkine Bio-pharmaceutical Ltd, said, \"It is difficult to get treatment for snakebite in villages. This kit is easy to use and can be administered by a nurse or an attendant at government rural hospitals. The venom kit gives sufficient time for the victim to be rushed to a bigger hospital for treatment, if necessary. This increases chances of a patient's survival.\"Manager and public relations officer Navnath Garje said, \"The kit contains vials of venom that need to be injected after the bite. It also includes posters and a booklet containing instructions on how to use the kit and treat the patient besides giving answers to most common misconceptions about snakebites and its cure. The venom in the kit has a shelf life of four and a half years.\"Garje said the company will hold discussions with the Pune branch of the Indian Medical Association for approaching doctors and creating awareness about the kit. They would also set up stalls in Konkan where snakebite cases are high.Garje said that people in villages either go to quacks or use crude methods for treatment which results in loss of valuable time and eventually death. \"It is necessary they get proper treatment on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12335493", "title": "Noida sector 20 residents to get PNG connections from April", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of sector 20 waiting for PNG for almost a year will be able to avail the connections next month. In a meeting of IGL officials on Sunday, it was decided that all registered customers will get the connections by April 5. Around 700 residents had registered in February last year when the process of laying gas pipelines had been completed in the sector.\"While the IGL pipelines were laid down last year in the sector to cater to hundreds of houses, connections were not given as some work was incomplete. After several reminders, we finally raised the issue with the DGM of IGL, Kamlesh Kumar and managed to get a go-ahead for the new connections,\" said Suresh Tiwari of sector 20 RWA.Customers have already paid the registration amount of Rs 6,000 each. IGL has now promised to complete all the pending work and by April 5 the kitchens of all registered customers will get equipped with the PNG connections. Officials have also appealed to the remaining residents to get registrations done by April 7. New customers will get connections from April 15 onwards.Currently, Noida has around 8,000 PNG connections. Already, 315km of the pipeline has been laid across the city and it will be expanded by an additional 300km by the end of this year to cater to around 13,000 customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335619", "title": "History-sheeter murdered near Ramol police station", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Close to the Ramol police station, a body riddled with stab wounds was recovered on Monday. Police later identified the victim as that of a history-sheeter Chandrashekhar Chauhan, 26. A complaint against unknown assailants has been registered at the Ramol police station in this connection.According to Ramol police, Chauhan has several criminal offences, including murder, attempt to murder and violating prohibition norms, pending against him.\"It seems that Chauhan was killed elsewhere else. There is a possibility of this being a crime of passion as no less than 18 stab wounds were inflicted on chest and stomach. It is quite possible that he was attacked by a gang,\" said Ramol police.The reason for the assumption that Chauhan was killed elsewhere is that the cops did not find enough blood at the site to support the possibility that he had been stabbed to death there.On September 15, 2011, Ranavav police of Porbandar had nabbed Chauhan. According to police officials, Chauhan was hunting for the address of Porbandar's gangster Bhima Dhula. However, Chauhan escaped from police custody after being taken to Ranavav police station for questioning.Shortly after this, state Congress leader Arjun Modhwadia had alleged that Bhima nursed an old grudge against him and had also been responsible for the murder of some of his relatives. The Congressman had also claimed that Bhima had given a contract to Chauhan to kill him. Modhwadia also claimed that Ranavav police had allowed Chauhan to escape.Later, Surendranagar police had nabbed Chauhan. In Surendranagar police's custody Chauhan had made a statement pleading innocence. Chauhan had told cops that he had met Bhima while lodged in Sabarmati Central Jail. According to Chauhan, Bhima had offered to help him get employment at his farms in Porbandar. Chauhan claimed that he had visited Porbandar for this reason. Later, Chauhan was handed over to Ahmedabad police for further investigations.A couple of months back Chauhan got out of jail on bail and had got back to his bootlegging. Police officials believe that Chauhan had been killed by a rival bootlegger. \"Once his rivals are identified we shall be in a position to ascertain where he was killed and why,\" said Ramol police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337347", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation sticks to elevated metro plan", "text": "PUNE: While the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) about the 'technical and financial parameters' of an underground metro in the Vanaz to Ramwadi corridor, the DMRC has reiterated that the underground metro is not a feasible idea for the city.Speaking to TOI on Monday, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"The PMC sent an official letter (January 17) to the DMRC asking about the feasibility of an underground metro after the outgoing General Body (GB) of the PMC approved a resolution for the same in December 2011. We had detailed discussions soon after with the DMRC officials in this regard and an official reply is awaited.\"However, DMRC officials are unwilling to change their stand. A senior DMRC official told TOI on Monday on the condition of anonymity that they have repeatedly communicated to the PMC and the state government that the underground metro is an 'unfeasible' option for Pune, considering three factors - availability of funds, technical feasibility and security. The DMRC official said that metro rails are capital-intensive and building even a small stretch costs hundreds of crores of rupees.In the letter sent on January 17, the PMC said, \"The proposal of an elevated metro corridor on the Vanaz to Ramwadi corridor is sanctioned in principle by the Government of Maharashtra... However, the GB of the PMC recently passed a resolution that all metro routes in Pune city should be underground... On this background, you are requested to send your opinion by considering all technical and financial parameters regarding this resolution.\"The DMRC official said the official reply on the underground metro will be sent to the PMC this week.He said that according to the DMRC, technical feasibility is of major concern in the underground metro project. Wherever possible, planners prefer the elevated metro to the underground one. This is because the engineering complexities and associated risks of cost and time overruns are much less for elevated stretches, as are the operation costs. If underground stations and tunnels have to be built under the cut-and-cover method, it may require acquisition of far more private and government land than an elevated stretch on road medians would need. Another aspect of concern is security. Metros are usually high on the hit list of terrorists and any attack in the underground portion leading to derailment or collision is likely to cause five times more damage than on an elevated section.DMRC's stand is pertinent as the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is of the opinion that the city requires an underground metro. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has said that an underground metro is sustainable. Interestingly, till barely a few months ago, the NCP was in favour of an elevated metro. Political observers said the turnaround has come about because the party feels the Congress has garnered too much credit for the metro rail project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12337466", "title": "GMCH maternity ward dirty and unhygienic, say patients", "text": "GUWAHATI: The maternity ward of the department of obstetrics and gynecology of the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) remains dirty most of the time, thereby making the patients susceptible to various infections. The ward is not cleaned at regular intervals. Patients also claim that there is shortage of beds due to which they have to sleep on the floor sometimes.Jaheda Begum, who accompanied her pregnant daughter said, \"The ward is quite dirty and is cleaned only once or twice. Besides that, my daughter had to sleep on the floor as they said that there were other serious patients who needed the bed.\"Currently, there are around 300 beds in the ward, including the additional 70 bed unit 'Janani Kutha'. It is said that the doctors conduct over 30 deliveries on a daily basis and the yearly average is around 13,000. The department's out-patient department (OPD) receives around 160 patients on an average daily.However, a senior doctor claims that the ward is cleaned about two to three times every day and the hospital adheres to all anti-infection measures. The ward remains dirty because people do not maintain cleanliness, he said. \"The hospital maintains a certain protocol and only one or two attendants are allowed to accompany the patients but people do not abide by the rules and hence the rooms are always crowded.\"He added, \"It would be wrong to say that the patients sleep on the floor on a regular basis as there are adequate number of beds available now. Besides, we never let serious patients sleep on the floor, though sometimes patients who had a normal delivery are shifted to the floor if there are other serious patients.\"Another senior doctor said, \"Maintaining hygiene inside the ward is not the responsibility of the doctors and hospital staff alone. The patients do not maintain hygiene at all. The floor is always littered and the toilets and washrooms also remain dirty; people throw used sanitary napkins in the open and many use dirty cloths to wrap the new born babies and then throw the cloth in the open.\"He added, \"Blaming the authority is easy, but since most of the patient come from remote areas, they are mostly illiterate don't know anything about maintaining hygiene, but ultimately, they are suffering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339703", "title": "IIM Rohtak conducts first convocation ceremony", "text": "The first convocation of the Indian Institute of Management Rohtak was held on March 17. B Muthuraman, President CII and Vice-Chairman Tata Steel , was the chief guest of the ceremony. The other dignitaries included Ravi Kant, Vice-Chairman Tata Motors and Chairman, IIM Rohtak board of governors, and members of the board of governors of the institute.The ceremony started with Kant's inaugural address. He elaborated on the importance of nurturing transformational leaders capable of navigating the ambiguity and complexity of the emerging markets and the new interconnected world.The chairman's speech was followed by the welcome address and report presentation by P Rameshan, director, IIM Rohtak. The institute is the eighth IIM to be established in the country. IIM Rohtak is the fifth IIM to get membership of AACSB, the international accreditation agency. IIM Rohtak is also listed with GMAC, which conducts GMAT, to facilitate international applications.After the report presentation, the 47 students of the PGDM Batch 2010-12 were conferred diplomas by Kant. Two gold medals were also awarded. The one for the best scholastic performance went to Shivank Sharma and the one for all-round performance went to Ankush Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336434", "title": "3-day Ganga Water Rally concludes", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day event of the Ganga Water Rally, organised jointly by Uttar Pradesh Tourism department and Mahotsav Samiti, Varanasi, held its closing ceremony on Rajghat on Monday afternoon.According to D P Ram Sharma, secretary of a participating team from Haryana, more than 500 persons from different states took part in the water rally, out of which Madhya Pradesh won the championship.The rally started form Allahabad and reached Varanasi via Mirzapur and Chunar. On the occasion various cultural programmes were also held at those places. Prize money of Rs 20,000, Rs 15,000 and Rs 10,000 were distributed to the first, second and third position holders respectively and participants were felicitated by Prof N Samten, vice chancellor of Central University of Tibetan Studies, Sarnath. \"On the occasion, a proposal for organising International Ganga Water Ralley was announced,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "12337200", "title": "Gold ornaments stolen from temple near Bhuj", "text": "BHUJ: Gold ornaments worth over Rs two lakhs were stolen from a Swaminarayan Mandir for women at Surajpar village near Bhuj on Monday.Police said villagers suspect two women aged between 25 years and 30 years to have stolen the ornaments. The women had reportedly conducted a recce of the temple a fortnight ago and their movements were also suspicious. These women had come to the temple on Monday and managed to decamp after lifting all ornaments on Lord Ghanshyam Maharaj's sacred idols. Vinubhai Patel, Surajpar village sarpanch, said that a lady wearing a black Punjabi dress had come to the temple and tried for arranging an interview with a Sankhy Yogini of the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12335711", "title": "Rape-sheet shame for Bengal", "text": "Kolkata: With the rate of crime against women on the rise, Bengal can no longer be perceived as a safe haven. While eight cases of rape were reported in the month of February alone, one such case was reported in March.If you think it's a fallout of political change in Bengal, think twice. The National Crime Record Bureau ( NCRB) report revealed that between 2006 and 2010, the rape cases registered a growth of 34%. In 2010 alone, 21,357 rape cases were reported.According to the report, the state has the second lowest rate of conviction in the country. In fact, conviction rates of crime against women have seen a fall of 1.8 % since the year 2006.Commenting on the rising number of rape and sexual harassment cases, Dolon Ganguly of Maitree, a city- based women's rights network, said that the role of the police and administration has been extremely nauseating. \"The chief minister herself, even before the inquiries were over, commented that the Park Street and Katwa rape cases were false. The sports minister made an objectionable remark on the character of the woman attacked in Park Street,\" she said at a press meet on Monday. \"Our first demand is that both Mamata Banerjee and Madan Mitra must apologise for calling the rape cases 'cooked-up stories',\" Dolon added.A senior state police officer said, \"It is very difficult to quantify the increase in crime against women through dry statistics. The reporting of crime against women has definitely increased compared to earlier years. Women now come forward to lodge a complaint. Earlier they refused to do so. Today police officers have also been sensitized to handle such crime with promptness and sincerity.\"However, members of women's rights organizations felt that ministers, police personnel, administrators who were in charge of maintaining law and order, instead of fixing responsibility on the criminals, end up blaming the victim. \"The fear of attacks on our bodies results in our being deprived of the right to free and unfettered mobility. Stop moral policing. Your morality is a shackle on our feet, a noose around our neck,\" said a women's rights activist.They also referred to an incident where a rape victim in Baranagar died of excessive bleeding because of the callousness of police and the administration. While protesting a collective sexual attack, a policeman lost his life in Bishorpara near Calcutta Airport, they said.Even more alarming is the fact that despite police claims of tough enforcement and action against the accused, the number of crimes against women has been on the rise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12334752", "title": "Obama focused on defeating al-Qaida in Afghanistan: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama is focused on his goal of disrupting, dismantling and defeating al-Qaida in Afghanistan and is confident of achieving that, a top presidential aide said on Monday.\"The fact is that the everything that we do there in Afghanistan is focused on our goal of disrupting, dismantling and defeating al-Qaida, of stabilising Afghanistan sufficiently so that we can train up and transfer authority to Afghan security forces and withdraw our troops as we do that,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters.\"The bravery and courage of our men and women in uniform has been astounding throughout, and they continue to focus on that mission, in very difficult circumstances. So the president's focused on that,\" he said responding to questions on the recent developments in Afghanistan.Obama, he said, had called his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai after 16 Afghan civilians were killed by a US soldier in Kandahar.The soldier has been arrested and has been brought back to the US where he faces criminal charges.\"We made very clear both the president's feelings and our feelings about the terrible incident that occurred in Afghanistan. There is an investigation, an active investigation ongoing,\" he said.Carney said the US president is focused on two things. \"One, as he made clear last week, the incident that the killing of these innocent Afghan civilians was a tragic and terrible event, and it did not represent what our military stands for, what the American people stand for,\" he said.\"He made that clear. There is an investigation that's taking place and, you know, we're not going to wade into that from here. Then there is the overall mission that our men and women in uniform are implementing in Afghanistan, which he is of course very focused on,\" he said responding to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12336101", "title": "AP High Court notice to Acharya on bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wondering how the special court granted bail to senior IAS officer B P Acharya, accused number one in the Emaar scam case being probed by the CBI, without he asking for it, Justice KC Bhanu of the AP High Court on Monday issued notice to the bureaucrat and posted the hearing on the CBI petition to Tuesday. CBI has challenged the decision of the special court in setting the officer free on bail on technical grounds.The CBI court had earlier refused to take cognizance of the charge sheet filed by the investigation agency with regard to two IAS officers, BP Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam, as the Centre's sanction for their prosecution under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 was not obtained by the CBI. The probe agency has maintained that despite its best efforts, neither the state nor the Centre have shown any inclination to move forward in this regard. Citing this as a reason, the trial court judge refused to extend Acharya's remand and set him free on bail on March 16. Taken aback by the development, the CBI challenged it in the high court by way of a lunch motion.Justice Bhanu heard the CBI version through its counsel P Kesava Rao who told the court that the trial court erred in looking at the case only under the Prevention of Corruption Act. There are other IPC sections like 120B read with 420, 409 and 477-A slapped against Acharya and the case can be continued against him under these sections. But the trial court judge was only looking at the PC Act and set the officer free on bail without the latter even asking for it, the counsel said.Justice Bhanu then wondered how could the trial court release a person on bail without even a bail application. He issued notice to Acharya and posted the case to Tuesday for further hearing. Acharya has been charged with entering into a criminal conspiracy with Dubai-based Emaar Properties to benefit the private promoter at the cost of state's revenue in the joint venture project in the development of villas, convention centre, hotel, etc at Manikonda area on the outskirts of Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12336193", "title": "Tussle for mayor\u2019s post may see twist", "text": "PANAJI: After the compromise formula failed to materialize between chief minister Manohar Parrikar and St Cruz MLA Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate for the top post of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP), the BJP supported Panaji First panel and Monserrate-supported Panaji City Corporation Development Front have fielded their candidates for the post of mayor and deputy mayor.The returning officer for the CCP election has received three applications the post of mayor and five applications for the post of deputy mayor. From the Panaji First panel, Vaidehi Naik will contest for the post of mayor and Shubham Chodankar for the post of deputy mayor. Deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar has filed his nomination for the post of mayor and Kabir Pinto Makhija and Bento Lorena are contesting for the post of deputy mayor from the Monserrate panel.Former CCP mayor Tony Rodrigues, whose candidature for the post of mayor was changed by Monserrate at the last minute, has filed his nomination as an independent candidate. He has filed his nomination for the post of mayor and deputy mayor. Last night, Monserrate decided to support the BJP candidate for the mayor's post while hoping that Parrikar would support his candidate for the post of deputy mayor.\"On Monday, 14 councillors along with Monserrate met Parrikar to discuss the CCP election strategy, but Parrikar refused to agree with our proposal. He said that Rodrigues had approached him and this is how the discussion fizzled out,\" said a source in the Monserrate camp.After this development, Monserrate asked Chodankar to file his nomination for the post of mayor and Makhija and Lorena for the post of deputy mayor, said sources. In the 30-member civic council, the Monserrate panel had a clear majority with 16 councilors, but after Rodrigues revolted and former mayor Carolina Po not attending Monserrate's meetings, its strength has been reduced to 14 councillors.When contacted, Rodrigues said \"I am supporting Vaidehi Naik's candidature for the mayor's post. I also have the backing of five other councillors, formerly with the Monserrate panel.\" While BJP-backed Panaji First panel has 12 councillors, two independent councillors Surendra Furtado and Ruth Furtado are likely to play an important role on Tuesday. \"I am keeping my cards close to my chest,\" said Furtado, when asked which panel the couple would support.Sources in the Monserrate camp said that the St Cruz MLA has decided to be present on the election day so that there is no cross-voting. \"Monserrate will be present in the CCP on election day,\" said a source. The panel owning allegiance to the BJP was furious with mayor Yatin Parekh for allegedly snatching an ID card from the neck of councillor Vaidehi Naik during assembly polling on March 3.The group wants Parekh replaced, and have conveyed this to Panaji MLA and chief minister Manohar Parrikar. After the incident, both parties lodged police complaints against each other in Panaji town police station. \"The matter is under investigation. Police have asked the returning officer to submit video footage of the incident,\" said a police official. The election to the post of the mayor and deputy mayor will be held at 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12334779", "title": "Abandoned idols pile up in Betul temples", "text": "BHOPAL: Temples in tribal-dominated Betul district are facing a bizarre situation with a large number of people 'abandoning' idols and pictures of Gods and Goddesses, besides 'Shivlings' and other puja material, in the premises of local temples.This has been going on for the last couple of months reportedly after a spiritual guru, who is popular on both TV and Facebook, advised that doing improper pujas on such sacred objects might cause ``vastu dosh`'.\"For the last two months, people have been coming here to abandon Shivlings, idols, pictures of Lord Shiva and puja materials. Devotees claim that keeping them at home could cause 'vastu dosh'\", said Pandit Vyas Muni Pandey, priest of the famous Mata Mandir in Betul town.\"Initially, two women brought 'Shivlings' made of brass and they wanted me to keep them inside the temple. Soon, the numbers grew. People began turning up with idols and other material, Pandey said adding that now idols are literally piling up in the temple premises. He said a similar situation was prevailing in many other local temples as well.The priests claim that the trend started after a popular spiritual guru, who has become a household name with his television show and is also active on social networking site Facebook, exhorted his disciples not to keep 'Shivlings', idols or pictures of Lord Shiva as it would be difficult to perform the pujas as per the 'Shastras' , and this could invite 'vastu dosh'.However, renowned religious scholar Dr U K Dixit said this was absurd. \"There is no prohibition in any religious texts on performing pujas at homes. If anyone has suggested that it should not be done, that may be his or her individual opinion. It's not at all proper to leave Shivlings, idols or any other puja materials in any temple premises\", he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12336938", "title": "Held hostage to BSY's cause", "text": "A fitness enthusiast, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa as usual took a morning walk in the resort along with a couple of MLAs and his son BY Vijayendra. During the walk, he discussed steps to be taken in the present political crisis.Excise minister M P Renukacharya chose to pump iron in the gym to take on his political opponents . As the resort trip was a top secret till the last minute, MLAs were bundled into the bus on Sunday without being given a chance to even pack a change of clothes. Their personal assistants brought them a new set of track suits , dhotis and T-shirts on Monday. Tight security was in place and mediapersons were kept at bay.Industries minister Murugesh R Nirani was seen wearing expensive shades. When asked why he'd suddenly started wearing them, Nirani politely removed his glasses and showed his sore eye. He was also busy checking the latest developments across the country on his snazzy smartphone.Uncertain of the number of days they'd be staying in the resort, most ministers and MLAs went back home at night. However, this was after taking the permission of big boss Yeddyurappa and assuring him they would return early Tuesday morning .In the afternoon, those on a strict diet made sure they got home-made food to the resort. As their bosses were holed up inside the resort through the day, personal assistants and car drivers settled down for a game of cards in the parking lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12337134", "title": "Man killed fianc\u00e9e, hung self: Cops", "text": "SURAT: Vyara police have solved the mystery behind 18-year-old girl's murder on March 13 and the subsequent suicide by her fiancee near Bajipura the next day.Investigation has revealed that Riddhi Prajapati was murdered by her \"extremely suspicious\" future husband Atul Variya, who hung himself in his computer office after killing her.\"Variya was highly suspicious about Riddhi. We found this after talking to the girl's relatives and his friends. He always checked Riddhi's cell phone records and messages and never liked anyone else calling her up or SMSing her,\" said Vyara circle police inspector DG Kanthariya.\"From his call details, we ascertained that he was at the spot of the murder on March 13,\" he said, adding that Variya committed suicide for the fear of being arrested.Police said Variya took Riddhi to Bajipura where they have no relatives, murdered her and returned. He along with other family members registered the missing complaint with Umra police station in Surat and gave a statement to investigating officer that he had dropped Riddhi KP Commerce college in Athawalines at 12 noon. tnnNext day, when the family members started searching for Riddhi and reached college many students said that she had not come to the college on previous day too. However, Variya got nervous when his uncle Bhadresh told him that once they check the footage of CCTV placed at the entrance of the college, they will come to know if Riddhi went to college on the previous day or not.Variya rushed to his office in Nanpura and hung himself from the ceiling fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12335890", "title": "Denizens skip meal, sleep to get Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation swimming pool entry", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denizens are happy to forgo a good night's sleep and skip a meal just to reserve a place in the GHMC swimming pools this summer. Authorities at the various GHMC swimming pools in the city reveal that the craze for enrolment forms at these pools is such that people arrive as early as 3 am and wait in line for over two to three hours to ensure that they get one of the limited forms.The scene at the GHMC swimming pool in Ameerpet on Monday when the enrolment process started clearly reflected the great demand for pools this year. The men standing at the queue said they had arrived at 3 am for a form and the line reached all the way to the gate outside the complex. In the afternoon, it was women's turn. While the issuing of forms was scheduled for 4 pm, ladies queued up from 11 am itself. The scorching heat and the suffocating humidity did not seem to deter the nearly 200 women who stood in a convoluted line which curved twice before reaching outside the room in the complex.Yezdani Taj, one of women in the queue said, \"I came here with my daughter and we have been waiting for over two hours. Sometimes, people get into fights over the place in the queue. But I think it's worth the wait as the pool is indoors, well-maintained and the fee is affordable.\" Another lady who was first in the line said, \"I came here a little before 11 am. I did not even have lunch.\"Prem Raj, director of sports , GHMC, informed, \"Every year more and more people come forward for enrolment. There are five pools in the city at Secunderabad, Ameerpet, Vijaya Nagar, Amberpet and Chandulal Baradari which are already nearly full and we will start swimming sessions at two more pools at Moghalpura and Sanathnagar next month.\"He further said that the pools in Secunderabad and Ameerpet have the most number of people coming forward and the total forms issued for these pools are usually exhausted within one hour.G Umesh, the chief coach and incharge of the pool in Secunderabad, said, \"This time, people started queuing up for forms from 4 am itself. We take limited people only at first-come-first-serve basis. Every year we send back around 200 to 300 people. This time the rush is already immense and we are expecting more people to come forward next month.\"Talking about the increase in demand for enrolment at GHMC pools, Francis Rosario, administrative officer at Ameerpet pool said, \"Last year the pools opened on April 15. This year they have opened in March itself due to the steep rise in number of people coming forward to enrol themselves. When compared to last year, around 500 more people turned up this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335174", "title": "Summer\u2019s here, Chandigarh\u2019s still trying to buy power", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This summer too could spell perennial power woes for city residents as the UT electricity department is still frantically trying to buy power from various generation units. Besides a fragile demand-supply equation could result in frequent breakdowns. The present demand of power in Chandigarh is hovering around 276-303 MW against an allocation of 135-220 MW from the central generating power stations (CGSs).With the mercury rising in the coming month, the peak demand is set to touch the 325 MW-mark, however the electricity department is yet to make arrangements for the projected shortfall.Not just this, in October and December, 2011, due to outage of various central generation plants, the entitlement of power to UT Chandigarh was decreased by 6% from 8am to 7pm. This had resulted in rotational power cuts being imposed in almost all parts of the city.A UT electricity official said tenders had been floated and efforts were on to forge long-term power purchase agreements to ensure that there is no demand-supply gap and uninterrupted supply is ensured. \"However, overdraw during peak summer and winter season often leads to grid failure, which has a massive impact on Chandigarh, which has no power generation of its own,\" he said.The electricity department has made arrangement to receive 30 MW power through banking from Jammu and Kashmir from May 1 to August 31.The majority of the power requirement for UT is met through its share from CGSs including National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC) and Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCI), as allocated by the Central government. In addition, the department also purchases power from Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) and the open market.Presently the city is receiving 47% of its power from Mohali, about 5% from Dhulkote, BBMB and the remaining 48% through Nalalgarh. UT has an allocation of approximately 135-220 MW of power from CGSs during different hours against the present demand of 276-303 MW.During peak summer, the engineering department is willing to purchase power at upto Rs 10 per unit. The total expenditure incurred on buying electricity added up to to Rs 285 crore in 2005-06 and it touched to Rs 410 crore in July, 2009. UT`s regular sources of power include NTPC , NHPC , NPCI, BBMB, Naptha Jhakri and Tehri Hydro projects. The city is also getting 30 MW from Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12337084", "title": "'Right of Way' introduced in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has introduced the 'right of way' so that farmers get legal access on a strip of private land for reaching their homes and farms or laying water pipelines. Provisions under this act enable any farmer to approach the government for the right to use of a land of private landholder in larger public interest after paying compensation.\"Given the scattered land holdings in the state and disarrayed settlements, people find it difficult to access their land and homes and have to pass through farms. To make it easy, the government has introduced this amendment in its Tenancy Act of 1955,\" said Ram Khilari Meena, principal secretary, Revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12335441", "title": "Trivalent oral polio vaccine faces ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: An anti-polio vaccine, being used in India since 1978, could be shelved soon.The India Expert Advisory Group (IEAG) on polio has recommended that the nation should stop the use of trivalent oral polio vaccine (TOPV), and only rely on the oral bivalent variant.Experts say chances of vaccine derived polio virus infection (VDPV) are higher with the use of TOPV (that targets all three strains of polio virus - P1, P2 and P3) against the bivalent vaccine (that targets only P1 and P3).However, the World Health Organization (WHO) will take a final call in April after the meeting of its Strategic Advisory Group of Experts (SAGE) on Immunization.The SAGE recommendation - to be endorsed by the World Health Assembly in Geneva in May - will lead to global action.India recorded this year's first VDPV case from West Bengal in March. A five-month-old child from Murshidabad district got infected with the virus after being administered the oral polio vaccine.\"The plan to shelve the TOPV is part of our end-game strategy. India recently was taken off the list of polio endemic countries by the WHO. The recommendation to shelve TOPV is in order to ensure that we don't even report a single VDPV case. The chances of VDPV infections are higher with the use of TOPV,\" said a health ministry official.Also, the vaccine targets the P2 strain of polio that was eradicated from India in 1999.\"It will be a global recommendation by the WHO in April on whether to stop the use of TOPV. We will take a call after the SAGE recommendation,\" a ministry official said.Experts say the introduction of the new bivalent vaccine made a difference for India's fight against polio. Soon after its introduction in 2009, India saw a 94% dip in polio cases at 42 in 2010. The number of affected districts also saw a sharp decline - from 90 in 2008, 56 (2009) and 17 (2010).Uttar Pradesh, considered to be polio hotbed, reported 10 polio cases in 2010 as compared to 602 cases in 2009. Bihar recorded a total of nine polio cases in 2010 against 117 in 2009.Scientific studies showed that BOPV induced a significantly higher immune response - 30% more than other trivalent or monovalent vaccines used earlier.Oral polio vaccines (OPV) contain a weakened version of poliovirus, activating an immune response in the body. A vaccinated person transmits the weakened virus to others, who also develop antibodies to polio, ultimately stopping transmission of poliovirus in a community.In rare instances, the virus in the vaccine can mutate into a form that can lead to paralysis, and the condition is known as VDPV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12337351", "title": "Cities would need Rs 3.88 lakh crore for projects", "text": "PUNE: The working committee on urban transport has drawn up rough estimates of the expenditure required in the next five years for various projects. Many cities, including Pune, Chennai,Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Surat are planning metro rail projects and other improvements in urban transport.The estimated expenditure would be Rs 175 crore per km. About 50 % of the disbursement of finance for the projects would be done in the 12th five-year plan. The bus rapid transit projects would cost around Rs 20 crore per km, the report said. It added that BRT operations had started in Pune, Ahmedabad, Delhi and Jaipur, and more cities are constructing or planning facilities to operate the mass transit.For these and various other projects on urban transport, the estimated expenditure in cities during the five-year plan will be about Rs 3,88,308 crore. The expenditure will be for improving street network, BRT, metro rail, light rail, buses and bus infrastructure such as depots, terminals, intelligent traffic system, parking, and public bicycle scheme.Public-private partnerships, state and central funds could be the various funding platforms, the working group has said. A dedicated urban transport fund (UTF) at the national level was necessary and funds for it would come from a \"green surcharge\"' of Rs 2 on petrol used exclusively for personal vehicles.A green surcharge on diesel has not been recommended because of multiple uses of diesel. A green cess on all existing personal vehicles at the rate of 3% of the annual insured value for cars and two-wheelers has also been recommended. The recommendations, based on 'polluter pays' principle, has said there should be an urban transport tax on purchase of new cars and two-wheelers at 7.5 % of the total cost of petrol vehicles and 20 % for diesel vehicles. The taxes, the report said, will help in generating a pool of resources for taking up urban transport projects and also serve as a major disincentive for use of personal vehicles.The report also mooted an urban transport fund at the state and city levels with funds coming from land value tax, enhanced property tax or grant of development rights, advertisement, employment tax, congestion, sales tax, parking and traffic challans. State governments should exempt all taxes on public transport projects, that is city bus transport and for metro rail. The exemption should be extended for 10 to 15 years for quality public transport, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12336350", "title": "3-day Ganga Water Rally concludes", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day event of the Ganga Water Rally, organised jointly by Uttar Pradesh Tourism department and Mahotsav Samiti, Varanasi, held its closing ceremony on Rajghat on Monday afternoon.According to D P Ram Sharma, secretary of a participating team from Haryana, more than 500 persons from different states took part in the water rally, out of which Madhya Pradesh won the championship.The rally started form Allahabad and reached Varanasi via Mirzapur and Chunar. On the occasion various cultural programmes were also held at those places. Prize money of Rs 20,000, Rs 15,000 and Rs 10,000 were distributed to the first, second and third position holders respectively and participants were felicitated by Prof N Samten, vice chancellor of Central University of Tibetan Studies, Sarnath. \"On the occasion, a proposal for organising International Ganga Water Ralley was announced,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12336270", "title": "Civic problems galore in Khuldabad area", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The residents of Khuldabad and adjoining areas on Monday protested against the district authorities and municipal corporation and demanded immediate repair of roads. The locals also staged a road blockade in support of their demands.Locals alleged that bad roads and waterlogging pose problems for them. Recently a woman was injured after getting trapped in an open manhole.Residents under the banner of Allahabad Gaurav Vikas Manch, Khuldabad Himmatganj Vyapar Mandal and Youth Congress demanded the removal of municipal commissioner.Manch spokesman Hasib Ahmed said, \"Despite repeated requests, AMC has failed to address public grievances and as a result, most of the drains are overflowing in the area.\" He added that whenever the area people visit the AMC authorities, they express their haplessness to sort out the problem.Trader leader Surendra Yadav alleged that locals have been handing over memorandums to AMC for last three years but no steps have been taken.The locals threatened to launch agitation if their demands were not met within 24 hours. They have aso threatened to gherao district magistrate.Locals claimed that areas like Khuldabad, Himmatganj, Lukerganj, Kaladanda, Kareli, Atala, Bahadurganj and Hatia are facing similar situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12336839", "title": "AP Agarwal is new Kanpur DM", "text": "KANPUR: Three senior administrative officers of Kanpur have been transferred. Under the new management, A P Agarwal, district magistrate of Faizabad, would be the new DM of Kanpur Nagar while Dr Hari Om, the present DM Kanpur Nagar, has been transferred to rural development department as additional commissioner. Similarly Gyan Om Naryan Singh, vice chairman of Kanpur Development Authority (KDA), has been transferred to public entrepreneur sector department as joint secretary while Ram Mohan Yadav, additional commissioner revenue board, would take his place.In police department, DIG, Kanpur range, Rajesh Rai has also been transferred and Amitabh Yash, DIG Moradabad range, would be the new DIG Kanpur range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12337027", "title": "Massive security for lawyers' protest", "text": "BANGALORE: For the second time in just over 10 days, restive lawyers are on a collision course with the authorities. The Advocates ' Association of Bangalore on Monday iterated that it will go ahead with its programme to lay siege to Vidhana Soudha on Tuesday in defiance of a blanket police ban on their protest.The cops, however, promptly announced massive deployment of security personnel around the City Civil Court complex, from where the lawyers are expected to start their march, as well as the high court and Vidhana Soudha premises to ensure there is no breach of law and order.Over 5,000 p o l i c e m e n will be deployed in the area, while AAB claimed anywhere between 5,000 and 10,000 lawyers will turn up for the protest.The lawyers are demanding action against policemen for alleged excess on their colleagues in the civil courts on March 2.Additional commissioner of police T Suneel Kumar said police have sent a letter to the AAB to withdraw its protest as the assembly session will be in progress. But there has been no response from the lawyers, he claimed. Police bandobust will include Rapid Action Force platoons from Coimbatore.\"We will have police presence everywhere. We had told AAB that no agitating groups like farmers or students have violated prohibitory orders. If the lawyers hit the road, we will be forced to arrest them,\" said Suneel Kumar.No backtracking now: AAB\"We can't go back now,\" AAB president KN Subba Reddy said. He claimed that in view of the prohibitory orders in force, lawyers will go in batches of four each to ensure that the orders are not violated.Reddy said advocates were coming from various parts of the state to participate in the protest. They will also submit a memorandum to the governor also.\"We have also requested home minister R Ashoka and law minister S Suresh Kumar to address the lawyers and tell them what the government proposes to do vis-a-vis our demands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12336174", "title": "Two girls commit suicide in Aliganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two girls committed suicide in separate incidents at Triveni Nagar area of Aliganj police station on Monday. While one girl was pursuing her MBA another one was pursuing B Com second year.In the first incident, which took place on the afternoon of Monday, a 29-year-old girl identified as Neha Raj (29), daughter of late KM Srivastava, a resident of Shivlok Colony at Triveni Nagar III hanged herself to death on Monday afternoon. After the death of her father and mother, Neha had been living with her brother, who is a clerk at Law Department of Lucknow University.Neha was pursuing MBA from a private institute. However, she was suffering from depression and hence was undergoing treatment. On Monday, probably fed up with her illness, Neha hanged herself to death. The police recovered a suicide note, which stated that she was committing suicide as she was fed up with her problem of depression.In the second incident, an 18-year-old girl ended her life also by hanging in Triveni Nagar III on Monday evening. The victim was identified as Tanushri Dixit, a B Com IInd year student and daughter of Vimal Dixit.In the evening, Tanushri locked herself inside a room and hanged herself from the ceiling. The police said that Tanushri was pursuing her B Com second year. The police said that cause of Tanushri taking the extreme spot could not be ascertained, as no suicide note was found.Officials said that investigation in the both the cases in both the cases are going on.In the first incident, which took place on the afternoon of Monday, a 29-year-old girl identified as Neha Raj (29), daughter of late KM Srivastava, a resident of Shivlok Colony at Triveni Nagar III hanged herself to death on Monday afternoon. After the death of her father and mother, Neha had been living with her brother, who is a clerk at Law Department of Lucknow University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12339489", "title": "Tourism gets a 60 pc hike in allocation", "text": "Tourism sector got a hike of more than 60% in budgetary allocation this year, compared to the Rs 105 crore received in the plan fund last year. \"Tourism department had asked for Rs 170 crore and looks like they got it,\" said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar.EM Najeeb, president, Confederation of Kerala Tourism Industry welcomed the infrastructure allocation of Rs 53 crore toward tourism projects made by the government. Kerala tourism department wanted finance minister K M Mani to focus on development initiatives for the northern region, as 85% of the tourists coming to Kerala prefer to visit central and southern areas, and he did not disappoint. \"Munderikkadavu which is part of the Kattampally wetland area in Kannur district estimated to have over 18,000 birds will be developed into a bird sanctuary\", said Mani in his budget speech.He proposed setting up 50 tourist kendras in public-private partnership model in all districts and a Kerala Tourism Promotion Board with an initial allocation of Rs 15 crore. As for the heritage projects, the minister allocated Rs 50 lakhs for Edakkal caves famous for its stoneage carvings and Rs 7 crore for the Muziris project while the Thalassery heritage project in Kannur was granted Rs 2 crore.Tourist destinations in Bekal and Wayanad will share Rs 5 crore with Kochi, Kumarakom and Kovalam, in a bid to be developed at par with international destinations. Waste-free tourism initiatives in the state will have to make do with Rs 3 crore, while Nila Tourism Project has been granted Rs 10 lakh and Rs 2 crore has been earmarked for responsible tourism initiatives.Understanding that ayurveda is a major selling point for tourism in the state, Mani announced setting up of an Ayurvedic University in Malappuram at the cost of Rs 1 crore. Tourism secretary T K Manoj Kumar said he was pleasantly surprised that Mani decided to allocate Rs 25 lakhs toward developing pilgrimage tourism and trekking corridor at Muringamala, Kurisumala and Thangalpara, Rs 20 lakhs for Haripad's mega tourism project involving pilgrimage centres and Rs 2 crore for establishing a Gandhi Smrithivanam Ecotourism project at Purakkad, Alappuzha.\"Northern areas of Kerala hold great potential for adventure sports. We can attract more tourists by developing a pilgrimage and trekking corridor in these areas,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12335683", "title": "Ahmedabad records 85 cases of hemophilia in a year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad district has reported 85 cases of hemophilia and 30 cases of sickle cell in the past one year. Replying to two different questions, the state government said all these patients were under treatment.In reply to Mandal MLA Pragjibhai Patel's query, the government said that in the last one year ending on December 31, 2011, about 85 patients were treated for hemophilia. The state government in the written reply said that these kids were referred to pediatrician, physician and hematologist for treatment.The government has said that as per the requirement cryoprecipitate, also known as Cryoprecipitate Antihaemophilic Factor, along with fresh frozen plazma were given to those kids who were suffering from this disease.The government said that also treatment was given to patients to counter pain and aches in the bones and joints. These kids were provided with ice packs, compressive bandages and plaster slabs.In another question of Bavla MLA Jantui Lakum and Daskroi MLA Babubhai Patel, the state government in the written reply has admitted that in the last one year till December 31, 2011, the government is giving treatment to 30 patients suffering from sickle cell anemia.The government said that the government has screened all the patients and have also counseled them giving details of the disease and the treatment. The government has said the tablets are given free to such patients and if required and the patients was hospitalized for further treatment.Sickle cell anemia is caused by an abnormal type of hemoglobin called hemoglobin S. Each patients has painful episodes, which can last from hours to days. These episodes can affect the bones of the back, the long bones, and the chest. Some patients have one episode every few years. Others have many episodes per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12335149", "title": "\u2018Models\u2019 to sashay down ramp at Jhankar this time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Breaking stereotypes this year, the much awaited event of Jhankar 2012, Mr and Ms Panjab University, will be hosted with a difference this time.Professional trainers have been roped in by the Panjab University campus student council members this year to train the shortlisted candidates to walk the ramp.Not only this, these 26 shortlisted boys and girls, 13 in each category will also be trained on how to answer questions of judges at the grand finale on Wednesday and how to showcase their costumes, specially designed for the occasion. They would also be helped in brushing up their general knowledge.\"We have shortlisted the candidates based on their personality and are now training them how to present themselves on the ramp since they are newbies. Candidates who have been shortlisted from various departments and colleges are confident and have a minimum height of 5 feet, 5 inches,\" Vimi Vansil, a trainer from a fashion institute based in Sector 35 said.These youngsters who have incidentally never walked the ramp before, hail from diverse disciplines and include budding doctors, dentists, lawyers, economists and engineers.\"All 13 students in each of the boys and girls categories are those who have never been on the ramp before. This event, along with a host of other cultural activities that we are organizing is a great platform for students to showcase their talent,\" said Simranjit Kaur Gill, convener of Jhankar 2012 Resonance. Surinder Sharma, former professor and cultural head at PU, said, \"The entire exercise is to harness the energy of youngsters and prepare them for the zonal youth festivals to represent their colleges and PU.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12335856", "title": "Soon, car scanners in Hyderabad", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Director general of police V Dinesh Reddy has said that vehicle scanning machines would soon be installed at important spots in Hyderabad.Speaking to reporters on Monday, the DGP said that, after Mumbai and Bangalore, Hyderabad would be the third city in the country to have vehicle scanning machines.The machines would be installed at Raj Bhavan, state legislative assembly, state secretariat and the CM's camp office at Begumpet.Explaining the advantage of having vehicle scanners, Dinesh Reddy said that the machines allowed entire vehicles to be checked within minutes.The DGP also revealed that a separate cell was being set up to check crimes against women in the state.Dinesh Reddy said that a lady constable and home guard would be posted at every police station to deal with cases involving women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-20"}
