{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462877", "title": "Nanavati-Mehta Commission gets 18th extension", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has extended the term of the Nanavati-Mehta Commission probing the post-Godhra riots case till December 31, sources said. This is the 18th extension in 10 years. The present term was ending on March 31 and the commission had clearly stated that it would not seek another extension. But since the probe panel has some unfinished work, another extension has been granted by an everwilling government.Sources said the commission has been eagerly waiting for the documents, especially the statement of chief minister Narendra Modi that was recorded in March 2010, that it has sought from the Supreme Courtmandated special investigation team (SIT).Following the commission's demand, SIT moved SC for direction on whether it should part with the material gathered during investigation on Zakia Jafri's complaint in the Gulbarg Society massacre case. The apex court had asked SIT not to supply documents pending investigation. But now that the SIT probe is over and it has filed its final report on Jafri's complaint, the SC is to decide on the issue.Information gathered by the SIT is of much importance to the inquiry commission. If their findings on the same issue differ, the probe panel may be put in an embarrassing situation. The aspect of terror conspiracy in the Godhra train burning case, which was vehemently propagated by the state government, was not accepted by the Nanavati Commission in its first part of the report submitted in 2008. Just at the same time, the Gujarat high court dropped Pota charges in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465796", "title": "Prakash Jha impressed by Katrina's dedication", "text": "Filmmaker Prakash Jha is full of praise for Katrina Kaif , saying the 'Raajneeti' actress is one of the hardest working souls in the film industry.In Jha's political thriller 'Raajneeti' (2010) Katrina played co-actor Arjun Rampal's wife, who later enters politics. Besides Rampal, the blockbuster also starred Ranbir Kapoor , Ajay Devgn, Nana Patekar and Manoj Bajpai.\"She (Katrina) is one of the hardest working souls in the industry. She is someone who would try and make every scene...shot perfect. She will not leave anything half way. She memorises and understands everything properly and then bring it on screen naturally,\" Jha told reporters here after the launch of a book on the film last evening.\"She even dubbed for the film herself for 39 days till she got every word perfect. She is a good actress. One thing that impresses a director is to have an actor who is completely dedicated to work and Katrina is one such actress.\"The book, 'Raajneeti - The Film and Beyond', is edited by Pooja Verma. It describes how the film was conceptualised and made.Reportedly, the 60-year-old filmmaker would again team up with Katrina for his forthcoming film tentatively titled 'Satyagraha', said to be loosely inspired by Anna Hazare-led anti-corruption movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465818", "title": "More than 80 suspected cases of MDR TB surface in district", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With over 80 suspected MDR (multi-drug resistant) tuberculosis patients identified in the district, the District Tuberculosis Control Unit (DTCU) will send the sputum samples of these patients to Intermediate Referral Lab (IRL) in Lucknow to ascertain the drugs towards which they have developed resistance.Since MDR patients pose threat to healthy people, DTCU is trying to identify MDR patients across the district to offer them treatment under DOTS-Plus scheme.District tuberculosis officer Dr OP Shahi told TOI: \"When MDR patients don't respond to first line of tuberculosis treatment, then we send their sputum samples to IRL to ascertain the drugs towards which they have developed resistance\".Elaborating on DOTS-Plus, Dr Shahi said patients would be given drugs/injections for six months and they are put on medication for another 18 months. If required, the treatment would continue for 30 months.Allahabad is among 24 districts in the state which have launched DOT-Plus under Revised National TB Programme (RNTCP).Under DOTS-Plus guidelines, the treatment will be done in designated RNTCP DOTS-Plus sites. These sites will be in highly specialized centres (eg. medical college hospitals, chest and respiratory disease institutes etc.) which will have ready access to an RNTCP accredited culture and DST laboratory, with qualified staff available to manage patients using standardised second-line drug regimens given under daily DOT and standardised follow-up protocols, have systems in place for an initial short period of in-patient care to stabilise the patient on the second-line drug regimen followed by ambulatory DOT and with a logistics system and standardised information system in place.It is estimated that each DOTS Plus site will cater to about 10 million population. However, this norm is neither limiting nor restrictive and will be reviewed and revised periodically.DOTS-Plus sites will be initiated in a phased manner similar to that for the establishment of the culture and DST laboratory network.Dr Shahi added that efforts are underway to check the increasing TB cases and officials are visiting villages/blocks and rural pockets to identify MDR patients, if any.DOTS-Plus refers to DOTS programmes that add components for MDR-TB diagnosis, management and treatment. These guidelines promote full integration of DOTS and DOTS-Plus activities under the RNTCP, so that patients with MDR-TB are identified and treated under the recommendations set out in this document.Finally, the guideline introduces new standards for registering, monitoring and reporting outcomes of multidrug-resistant TB cases. This uniform information management system will allow systematic, consistent data collection and analysis which will facilitate appropriate supervision and monitoring of DOTS-Plus activities and will play an important role in shaping future policies and recommendations.DOTS-Plus refers to DOTS programmes that add components for MDR-TB diagnosis, management and treatment. These guidelines promote full integration of DOTS and DOTS-Plus activities under the RNTCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12467814", "title": "US consulate denies H-1B visa fee hike", "text": "CHENNAI: The US Consulate said it had no plans to raise application fees for visas. \"News reports that the fees for submitting H-1B petitions have increased are untrue. The fees are the same as they were last year.There are no plans to change those fees,\" said chief of consular services in Chennai Nicholas Manring. He was referring to reports that visa application rates were likely to increase by $250 (12,500).He said that by law, the US consulate in every country is required to charge enough to recover the expenses incurred in processing. The department charges $140 (around 7,000) for tourist visas.Consul officials also said that Chennai was not rejecting more H-1B visa applications. Though the number of applications has dropped marginally compared to last year, it did not signify a change in trend.\"This year, we received 57,218 applications, about 4% less than the number we got last year, but the difference is too small to assume that fewer Indians are travelling,\" said Manring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12462269", "title": "Good friends with girl for 5 years: Chadha", "text": "VASCO: Akhilesh Chadha, a former Youth Congress general secretary accused of trespassing into the house of a 20-year-old college student in Vasco, issued a press statement on Thursday stating the girl and he \"were good friends since last five years and our families were aware about it\".Adding that the incident reported in the press \"is only true to the extent that there was a fight between us at her home\", Chadha stated that he had never proposed marriage nor had trespassed into her home premises.\"I was allowed inside her home on the day the incident took place, but we had an argument and in the heat of the moment we fought,\" Chadha's statement reads.It adds, \"I strongly feel that she is being misguided by a set of people and this has given birth to such an unpleasant situation for both of us. There were fights between us earlier also, but we always sorted our differences and patched up.\"\"I strongly wish to make the media aware that nobody can be forced to talk to someone for five years,\" Chadha has stated.\"As in every relationship there are good, best and bad times, and our friendship is no exception. It is a personal matter for me and I am trying to sort it out at a personal level,\" he added.Chadha also stated that the Youth Congress had initiated disciplinary action against him in 2009 and had revoked the same in the same year.Chadha was arrested in mid-March and subsequently released on bail after the girl's elder sister filed a complaint of trespass and manhandling at their New Vaddem home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467614", "title": "Vidhu Vinod Chopra Films Festival kicks off", "text": "Bollywood producer-director Vidhu Vinod Chopra's film festival, organised in association with PVR Cinemas got off to a roaring start here with several political and B-town biggies marking their attendance for the first of its kind retrospective of his movies.The cinematic event is being held from March 29-April 4 as a tribute to mark Chopra's completion of 30 years in the film industry, at various PVR Cinemas across the nation. Chopra started his journey in filmdom with short films like 'Murder At Monkey Hill' and 'Encounter with Faces'.His first feature film, shot in black-and-white was 'Sazaa-E-Maut' (1981). He is best known for films like 'Parinda', '1942: A Love Story', 'Mission Kashmir', 'Munna Bhai' series, 'Parineeta' and 'Three Idiots'.Several stalwarts including senior BJP leader L K Advani, Union Minister Farooq Abdullah, Mukesh Ambani with wife Nita, Rajkumar Hirani , Anil Kapoor , Sanjay Dutt with wife Manyatta, Jackie Shroff , Manisha Koirala , Sudhir Mishra, Amol Gupte, Anurag Kashyap, Siram Raghavan, Danny Denzongpa , Sharman Joshi, singer Kavita Krishnamurthy, music director Anu Malik were among those present at the PVR Juhu cinema to celebrate '30 years of Striving in Cinema' - A Festival of Vinod Chopra Films'.Both Advani and Abdullah said they were great fans of Chopra's films \"Among Indian filmmakers, Vinod is one of the greatest one. He is one such filmmaker whose films I have seen. He is one such director whom I respect a lot. Recently, I liked '3 Idiots' the most,\" Advani told reporters here last night. Even Union Minister Farooq Abdullah was full of praise for the filmmaker.\"Vinod Bhai is a wonderful director and producer and none of his films have failed.. instead all of his films had a lesson to learn and at the same time there was entertainment also,\" Abdullah said.\"'Munnabhai' did wonders for him and was liked by everyone, everywhere. Also, he made 'Mission Kashmir' when the time was difficult there. And my Chief Secretary's house was demolished. But it was fantastic film,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12463194", "title": "40MW solar plant to generate power from Saturday", "text": "JAISALMER: Saturday will prove to be a milestone in the field of renewable energy production as Reliance Energy will start power generation of 40MW from its solar energy power project in Rajasthan. This is first solar power project in the private sector.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , Union minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah, state energy minister Dr Jitendra Singh and Reliance Energy owner Anil Ambani , including other personalities will be present during the inaugural function of the solar power project at Dhudsar village, 140 km away from the district headquarters here.After wind energy, this will be a silent revolution in solar energy in the western Rajasthan. The state government's policy to promote renewable energy has lured the industry captains and a large number of people have shown interest in this sector. In western Rajasthan, over 1500MW energy is being produced through wind energy including 1200MW in Jaisalmer. Similarly, a large number of solar plants is being established. The state government has received applications for setting up solar project for approximately 2500MW, out of which the work of setting up 700MW is in progress.Gehlot and Abdullah will reach Phalodi air strip by an aircraft and will reach Dhudsar by helicopter and they will leave for Jaipur after the programme. The district administration has started preparations to receive the ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12463417", "title": "Rajoana had protested killings during 1991 polls", "text": "JALANDHAR: Balwant Singh Rajoana was against several acts of militant organizations, including killing of over two dozen candidates in the 1991 assembly elections, this comes out from letters written by him.The election was countermanded by then chief election commissioner T N Seshan just 24 hours before the polling. The Congress had boycotted the election process.In a letter to his sister Kamaldeep Kaur on September 6, 2009, Rajoana implied that some of the militant outfits and their leaders were working at the behest of Central government agencies and their actions ultimately went against Sikhs.He wrote that when the Akali Dal dared to contest the 1991 election after expressing faith in the Constitution, the panthic committee, a conglomerate of various militant organizations, ordered its boycott. \"Instead of contesting the elections, Akali leaders were got eliminated so that the Congress win could be ensured and Sikhs could be rendered leaderless by eliminating Sikh and Akali leaders\", he wrote.Rajoana had also criticized killings of innocent in Punjab during militancy days and held \"agencies\" behind some militant outfits responsible for it. \"The agitation (launched by SAD and Sikhs) was for very genuine demands of Sikhs but then it became victim of lowly mechanizations of Delhi. Due to attack on religion --Operation Bluestar and anti-Sikh riots in Delhi -- the Sikh organizations were compelled to demand independence as their psyche was badly injured,\" he wrote.\"Initially, the sangharash (struggle) was not communal and Hindus and members of other communities did not have any fear of these youths but then agencies infiltrated, formed panthic committees and misled the militants and struggle,\" Rajoana said adding, \"several actions were executed which would have created opposition to the struggle and incurred a bad name for it.\"Rajoana criticized Shingar blastIn his letter on April 22, 2008, Rajoana had written then he had no doubt that the movement for Khalistan was being \"controlled by the Congress and agencies.\" \"Their job is to keep the name of this path alive but none should be allowed to progress on it. That is why Shingar cinema blast took place. I think that happenings like Shingar cinema have nothing to do with the Sikh struggle,\" he added.Rajoana for sarv dharam\"I think that if sangharash has to be taken forward, we have to win the confidence of people of other religions and communities. All of them should feel secure in our ideology and should honour it. Our ideology should be of sarv dharam (accommodative to all religions), justice and human progress and should not be confined to gurdwaras,\" Rajoana said in his letter written around two-and-a-half years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465441", "title": "Most-wanted ATM robber held in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: In a major breakthrough, the Special Operation Group (SOG) of the district police succeeded in nabbing a hardcore criminal near Kakarmatta overbridge in Manduadih area on Thursday. The police recovered Rs 50,000, a pistol and a stolen motorcycle from him.According to reports, acting on a tip-off, the SOG team led by Ashok Dubey caught the criminal, Bharat Singh alias Buchchi, the main accused in ATM loot case, when he and his accomplice Babbu Singh alias Veer Bahadur Singh were going to the house of another aide Sonu Singh. Singh is presently lodged in jail. Bharat was caught but Babbu managed to escape from the scene. They were going to Sonu's house in Narrottampur area under Lanka police station.Bharat, a native of Aurihar under Saidpur police station in Ghazipur district, carried a cash award of Rs 15,000 on him. He was involved in 18 cases of loot and robbery and other grave crimes.Man killedA 43-year-old man Firiz Ahmad was killed by some miscreants in Mubarakpur area in Azamgarh district. The body of Firoz, a weaver, was found in a field in Newada village on Thursday. The police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463239", "title": "Jeweler association strike continues", "text": "JAIPUR: The ongoing strike of the Jaipur Sarafa Association got support from the various other traders associations of the state. Showing solidarity and sopporting the Bandh call, the traders brought their shutters down on Thursday, although it was only for a day.Jewellers across the country including Rajasthan have been protesting against the proposed hike in customs duty on gold from 2 to 4% and 1% increase in excise duty on non-branded jewellery as announced by the Union finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee since March, 17.In Jaipur, jewellers under various banners requested the traders including grocery stores and other trading communities to close down their shops in support of their demands. Although the Bandh went off peacefully, at Badi Chaupar some of the supporters of the agitation were at loggerheads with other traders who did not come forward to join their cause.Even police had to use mild force to control the commotion erupted after a supporter of the strike broke the windoscreen of a vehicle parked outside a jewellery showroom at the Johari Bazaar.\"Some people were creating problems. But things were normalized after giving warnings to the jewellers,\" said a police officer of Manak Chowk police station.Subash Gupta of Rajasthan Sarafa Association said that their office bearers are in touch with Central leaders of the Congress party seeking their intervention. \"In Rajasthan, there are about 50,000 jewellery outlets and nearly 5 lakh people are into this business. Since March 17 we have been protesting against it and we will not end the strike until our demands are met,\" added Gupta.Some of the protesters also accused the Union government of playing with the lives of the poor craftsmen who are into the jewellery trade to earn their bread and butter. \"I think in the larger interest of this trade, the government should solve the issue and give an ear to our demands,\" said an office bearer of Sarafa association.On March 24th, a delegation of the Sarfa and jewellers association had met chief minister Ashok Gehlot seeking his intervention into the matter. The chief minister had assured them that he would convey the message to the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12462800", "title": "Cong MLAs hold parallel mock assembly", "text": "Suspended Congress MLAs did not miss the assembly for even a day. After being suspended on Wednesday, they organized a parallel mock assembly in the committee room on Thursday. Several issues right from missing children to the increasing oil prices were raised in the mock assembly.All the MLAs were on Wednesday suspended till the end of the budget session. On the one side, Congress workers wearing mask of chief minister Narendra Modi, Speaker Ganpat Vasava, senior ministers Vaju Vala, Anandi Patel and two porngate accused MLAs Shankar Chaudhary and Jetha Bharwad acted as treasury bench, while on the other suspended Leader of Opposition (LoP) Shaktisinh Gohil, senior MLAs Arjun Modhwadia and Sidharath Patel among others acted as the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12463624", "title": "Stay on Rajoana's hanging: People living near Patiala jail heave a sigh of relief", "text": "PATIALA: Not only the Punjab government but people of the area living near the Patiala Central Jail have heaved a sigh of relief following the stay on Balwant Singh Rajoana's hanging.For over a week the Patiala jail road and the nearby areas of the city remained in a curfew-like situation due to heavy presence of security forces outside the central jail, where Rajoana, is lodged.\"We suffered losses in the last over a week as no one came here to shop,\" said Gurmeet Singh, a fruit vender near the Patiala central jail.The fixing of the date for the hanging had put the area under tension, as due to police strictness the area residents faced problems even while passing near the jail.Many fruit vendors had closed their business for the last many days and returned on Thursday morning after hearing about the stay on Rajoana's hanging.The Patiala jail road that remained blocked due to security reasons for many days, witnessed smooth flow of traffic on Thursday after many days.\"We don't criticize police for their strictness, but things should be done in a manner that it does not create problems for the common man,\" said Subhash, a resident of the area.Sources in the jail said the authorities had informed Rajoana on Wednesday night about the stay on his hanging, but Rajoana had not reacted to it.Some senior police officers said they did not stop anyone from passing by near the jail, but it was the fear of police checking that had kept residents away from this road, which usually remains busy as the district administrative complex, police lines, besides many other government offices are located on this road.Some locals standing near the main gate of the jail, who came to meet Kamaldeep Kaur, foster sister of Rajoana, said things have started returning back to normalcy since Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461763", "title": "Cops look for \u2018abducted\u2019 woman in Jharkhand", "text": "MUMBAI: Acting on the directions of the Bombay high court, a Byculla police team visited Jharkhand last week to search for Soundarya Raj Lakshmi alias Aisha (21), who her husband claimed had been \" abducted\" by her parents. The police was to produce Lakshmi before a bench comprising Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode in the high court on Wednesday. Since, they were unable to do so, they have been given an extension till Friday.Mazin and his family say that if Lakshmi fails to show up in court on Friday also, they will move the court to direct the police to lodge an abduction case against Lakshmi's father, Dharmendra Pratab Dev.The victim, Lakshmi, had married Mazin Barmare (24) last year without her parents' approval. According to an officer from the Byculla police station, the visit to Jharkhand was futile as they could neither locate Lakshmi nor her family.\"The girl belongs to the erstwhile royal family of Garwa in Jharkhand. Their residence is heavily fortified and it was difficult for us to gain entry. An attendant told us that the family had gone to Chattisgarh and he didn't know when they would return,\" said a police officer from the team requesting anonymity.\"Lakshmi's family is very influential and knows several senior police officers and state officials,\" said Zahid Barmare, Mazin's father. \"The police have been dragging their feet over registering an FIR because of pressure from their superiors. However, if we don't hear from Lakshmi we will certainly have to file a criminal case,\" he added.Mazin's mother said she had received a call from Lakshmi and claimed that her family was giving her sleeping pills and injections against her will.TOI was unable to reach Dev or his wife despite repeated attempts to contact them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12462063", "title": "Girl commits suicide as parents attend jawan's funeral", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old girl ended her life on Thursday while her parents had gone to attend the funeral of her uncle, a CRPF jawan who died in the Naxal blast at Gadchiroli on Tuesday. Chaitali Pardhi alias Mrunali was found hanging from the ceiling fan by neighbours at her Sujata Nagar residence in Pachpaoli on Thursday afternoon.The incident came to light around 12 when a neighbour knocked on the door repeatedly and got no response. The neighbours broke open the door and alerted the nearby Pachpaoli police station on seeing the hanging body.Chaitali had completed her private nursing training and had recently joined a private hospital at Ramdaspeth. Her father Laxmanrao, a teacher, and mother had left home on Wednesday to attend the last rituals of Hetram Katre, a CRPF jawan, at Gondia. Her younger brother, Shubham (15), had gone to his friend's house when she took the extreme step.The cops informed her parents, who said they were clueless about the reason for the suicide. In the suicide note written for her parents, Chaitali mentioned that there is a strong reason for her suicide. The two-line note ended with the sentence asking her parents to stay happily ever after.A case of accidental death has been registered.Police said Katre was Chaitali's uncle and had died on the spot in the blast. After the autopsy, his body was shifted to his native place at Gondia on Wednesday morning.In another incident, a middle-aged man, Anil Alone, was found hanged to death at his rented room at Nardawal nagar in Sonegaon on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12463781", "title": "Comptroller and Auditor General exposes YSR nepotism", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG)'s report contains a damning observation on undue favours shown by the Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri Urban Development Authority ( VGTM-UDA) to a firm owned by CC Reddy, a close relative of late CM YSR. Incidentally, CC Reddy was agricultural advisor to the YSR government enjoying cabinet rank.The CAG pointed out that private firm Arihant Indo-African Infra Developer and Builders was handed over nearly 22 acres of land near Vijayawada despite it having failed to implement the project which was originally proposed by the urban development authority.While the 22-acre plot was given away in exchange of Rs 41.80 crore, the actual market value of the property was much above the amount paid by CC Reddy's firm.Curiously, land rates were calculated based on 2007 prices while the transfer was effected in 2010, by which time land prices had gone up several times. According to the going rates for 2010, each acre of land in the area cost around Rs 4-6 crore. Giving away 22 acres of land for Rs 42 crore thus resulted in a loss of not less than Rs 80 crore to the exchequer.According to the CAG report, which was tabled in the Assembly on Thursday, UDA invited bids for development of a township called Singapore Township on 53 acres of land near Mangalagiri. Arihant developers won the contract after quoting Rs 97.52 crore. Land was handed over to the contractor in 2007 and it was then CM YSR who laid the foundation stone for the project. As per the tender agreement, the project is to be completed in three years. However, after paying Rs 42 crore in two instalments towards minimum guarantee sums (MGS), the company withdrew from the project citing the global economic downturn.\"The company did not even launch the work till expiry of the term. In such a scenario, UDA should have terminated the contract by forfeiting the amounts deposited by the company,\" the CAG observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462982", "title": "Uttam Nagar: Crime, grime and some grit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poised at the tip of west Delhi, Uttam Nagar is a wonderland of chaos. Here bad boys use Iodex as sandwich spread in search of that reckless high. When that doesn't work or isn't enough, they pour ink removers on rags and sniff deep. By the roadside, you can buy deep fried pork fat right off the pan. Hot like hell, it is unforgettable like a first kiss. Price: Rs 25 per 250 grams; the cholesterol is free. And if you are looking for cheaper non-vegetarian food, you can buy goats' eyes for Rs 20 per kilo or chicken's paws for Rs 40 per kilo? There's a body part for every pocket.It's barely three in the afternoon. But a few men are already drunk and dozing by the roadside. A few furlongs away, a T20 tournament is on. A groundstaff is sweeping the pitch and some kids are playing near the black sightscreen. The winner of Chaudhary Mahendra Singh memorial tournament will take home Rs 1.31 lakh. One asks the men milling around about spot-fixing and their stares say that the question is worthy of a free hit. You walk out of the stadium.Police sources say about 90 cases of heinous crimes, including 46 instances of burglary and loot, were recorded in 2011 in this densely populated west Delhi area sandwiched between Janakpuri and Dwarka. Cases of auto-lifting and elopement abound. But, locals say, that is just the proverbial tip of the iceberg. They will tell you about 64, the special wrestler's move that criminals use on unsuspecting wanderers at night. The grip renders the victim immobile for a few minutes and that's all they need to strip you of money and dignity. Sansi, the desi daru, is illegally brewed in several homes, and they play satta too. Then there are cases of faces being slashed by blades. To make it all very international, the Nigerians are here as well. Locals and cops say they sell drugs. But they pay high rents too; which is why nobody minds them as tenants.Four metro stations -- East Uttam Nagar, West Uttam Nagar, Nawada and Kaprola -- are part of this seemingly limitless urban sprawl. There's no decent hospital and just one government dispensary. There's no mall or McDonald either. But like a grand philosophic idea, Uttam Nagar is multi-layered. There is a hierarchy of sub-colonies within Uttam Nagar with their own versions of elite and underprivileged. Some parts such as Om Vihar, Hastsal and Jeevan Block are far more affluent than others. These are houses with AC and a hatchback parked somewhere in a bylane. Some of these homes also double up as factories manufacturing sandals. But then there are smaller homes where families of eight live in a 10 feet by 10 feet room. Depending on where you live, average monthly household income could range anywhere between Rs 2,500 and Rs 25, 000 or more.The colony begins to unravel itself strata by strata as you walk out of the east Uttam Nagar Metro station past the signature bus depot, and move about its innards. About 400 yards inside the colony and Delhi, as we would like to know it, disappears. Then it becomes Hathras, Muzzaffarnagar or any whatever small town of north India where homes double up as abattoirs, tailors and beauty parlours, where old women and older men soak themselves in the sun in smelly bylanes, where helmet-less kids drive motorbikes fast and furious. Uttam Nagar is a mix of Hindus and Muslims, of Biharis, UP-ites, Haryanvis and Nigerians.In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the area was slowly carved into small plots from the landowning Jats of Hastsal village. The village was a stable for royal elephants during the Mughal period and a minaret made of red sandstone, chopped from the neck, now stands in ruins. This is one of the more prosperous parts of the area. Kali Basti, which has a surprisingly high Tamil population, is Uttam Nagar's hellhole. This is simply life's gutter. A sharp stink hangs thick in the air and moves from the olfactory organs to down deep in the guts as you enter its bylanes.Locals say that the basti is riddled with small-time crooks. Residents insist they work hard for a living. That includes ferrying rickshaws with Sai Baba photographs for alms or moving around with 'sacred' cows whose hooves jut out of their backs. On the backside of Kali Basti is the relatively-more affluent Vikaspuri. But Uttam Nagar refuses to be pinned down by privation. The locality's government Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya has consistently produced encouraging results though eve teasing outside the school's gates remains an issue. The decent results perhaps indicate aspirations for a better future. The rush at the mobile phone repairs training centre and the spoken English classes near the Metro station indicate the fierce desire for a better life. They seem to believe that with true grit, it is possible to built dreamparks even in marshlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461855", "title": "New railway fares: Pay difference to TTE", "text": "MUMBAI: As the new fares for first and second class AC coaches come into effect from April 1, 2012, passengers of these classes have been advised to carry sufficient cash to pay the difference in old and new fare during the journey.The revised fares will also applicable for tickets issued in advance for journeys to commence on or after April 1.The difference in fares will be recovered either by the TTE in the train or at the booking office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461971", "title": "\u2018Terrorist cell\u2019 shunned mobiles to dodge cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Further investigations after the arrest of four suspected terror operatives-two each from Aurangabad and Buldhana-have revealed that the tech-savvy module avoided the use of mobile phones and used computers ingeniously to dodge police surveillance.Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria said that Jafar Hussain Qureshi, who was arrested in Buldhana on Tuesday, was a computer expert and created email IDs for all his associates. These email addresses were never used to send emails though. Instead, the operatives shared the IDs and passwords among themselves, and whenever an operative had to send a message, he would compose a mail and save it in the drafts folder. Later, his colleagues would log in to the same account, write their comments and save it as draft mails again.\"They functioned meticulously. That is why they could avoid the police for such a long time,\" said Maria, adding that no mobile phone or SIM card was recovered from the suspects.The ATS on Monday gunned down suspected IM member Khaleel Qureshi in an encounter in Aurangabad and arrested two of his aides, Mohammad Abrar and Mohammad Shaker Hussain. A day later, Hussain's father Aqueel Khilji was arrested from Buldhana along with Jafar.ATS officers said Khilji was in touch with senior IM functionary Abdus Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqeer. \"We have zeroed in on his location. He is in India,\" said an officer. Khilji is allegedly the head of the banned SIMI's Madhya Pradesh unit and was in Maharashtra to expand the outfit's network. \"They were staying in Maharashtra under false identities. Their aim was to carry out bank robberies to raise funds for the expenses of their associates,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463890", "title": "Traders accused of cheating languish in China", "text": "MUMBAI: The Agarwals at Elphinstone Road spent a comfortable life in their plush apartment till Shyam Agarwal, the sole bread-winner of the family, has been trying to fight off the allegation of duping levelled against him in Shanghai. With even the Indian government allegedly showing poor response to their requests of help, Shyam's wife and children are at their wits' end, trying to rescue him and selling off all their belongings to send him money.Shyam and his colleague from Hyderabad , Deepak Raheja, worked for Euro Global, a company owned by a Yemeni national. A case of cheating was lodged gainst Raheja and Agarwal, who were accused of owing 10 million RMB ($1.58 million) to Chinese traders after the owner fled, leaving unpaid dues. The two were also reportedly abducted by the Chinese clients for \"defaulting on payments\". Shyam and Deepak have been set free on bail by the Chinese police , but they cannot leave the country until the government there takes over the case, which is under trial in Yiwu.\"How long will we survive this way? I sold all my ornaments and withdrew our deposits to send over Rs 30 lakh to those who abducted my husband in China. Now, I don't have money. To sell my flat, which we jointly own, my husband has to be here. He has already been staying on the streets of Shanghai and, maybe, we will also have to do so in Mumbai if the government remains apathetic,\" said a teary-eyed Jyoti, even as she recounted how her husband was abducted and subsequently, the government \"showed little interest to help\". \"Our two children, who are medical students, are finding it hard to concentrate on their studies, she said.Shyam told TOI from Shanghai: \"The clients are claiming over 1 million Yuan from the company. But we have provided all proof and details, which show that the cheating charge against us is false. We have also given them our owner's details. Now, our government should intervene to take us back. We have decided to fast unto death until the countries resolve the dispute.\" \"If not brought back in six days, we may die,\" added Shyam. Raheja said while being kept as hostages, they \"at least had enough food\" , but now, \"the India was not extending any financial support to us to survive in China and fight the case\".Blaming the government for its apathy , Jyoti said, \"It is highly deplorable that the Indian government, which is aware of the plight and innocence of its two nationals, is not putting strong efforts to convince the Chinese government. I call external affairs ministry officials 20 times a day but they refuse to take my calls,\" Jyoti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466102", "title": "Stage set for many facets of Kurukshetra War", "text": "GUWAHATI: A modern-day stage adaptation of the immortal epic 'The Mahabharata', which presents the Kurukshetra war as a result of individual conflicts and questions the one-sided image and perception of the 'negative' characters down the ages, is set to be staged in the city on March 31.The drama, 'Mahabhratar Bhool' or 'Mistakes of The Mahabharata' will be directed by Pabitra Pran Sarmah, who has also done the adaptation from the original play, which was written by Tarun Saikia in the eighties. The drama has been produced by Nagaon-based theatre production house Rangmahal and Nagaon Anatyam Natya Sangathan.The play, which revolves around the prominent characters of the immortal epic like the Pandavas, Kauravas, Shakuni, Bheeshma and others, is an attempt to present the great Kurukshetra war as a result of conflict of personal interests. But the onus of the theme is about questioning the negativity surrounding Shakuni, one of the most villainous characters in the epic.The adaptation also seeks to question the prejudices towards the other villainous characters. Besides questioning the one-sided perception of these characters, the drama is also a contemporary take on society being a reflection of what is happening around the world and its consequences.\"Till now, what we understand of the epic was composed thousands of years ago. Then there was the famous television adaptation of 'The Mahabharata' which provides a one-sided perspective that can be questioned. I am not questioning the authenticity of what Ved Vyasa wrote or what he wanted to say, but am just presenting a platform on which questions can be asked. Tarun Saikia did a great job of bringing out a perspective which challenges our intellectual abilities,\" said Sarmah, the director of the adaptation, adding \"I have slightly added a few twists. The drama was staged in Nagaon where the response was great.\" The drama, slated to be one-and-a-half-hour long, will have the characters performing in regular attire but with wearing wigs and crowns.The drama is set in a heavenly court in Shiva's domain where a lawyer from earth is called to play a part along with other main protagonists from the epic. Pabitra Kalita, Jyoti Prasad Bora, Nilotpal Bora, accompanied by others, will be acting in the play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463512", "title": "Government schoolkids move to private schools", "text": "BANGALORE: As many as 3.37 lakh children left government schools in two years, and fewer girls are being enrolled in schools compared to boys, reinforcing the stereotype that societal attitudes continue to favour boys.IndiaGoverns Research Institute, an NGO, conducted an extensive study of education data in MLA constituencies to map progress in education since the 2008 assembly elections. The study covered a range of aspects - whether private unaided schools are admitting children from weaker sections under the Right To Education (RTE) Act, how many children have left government schools, the girl-boy ratio in recognized schools and other factors. The inference drawn is that very few schools are prepared for the implementation of the RTE Act, which means poorer students won't join the mainstream yet.According to Veena Ramanna, executive director of IndiaGoverns Research Institute, the study records that a good number of students are leaving government schools in many constituencies. Fewer girls are also being enrolled in schools compared to boys, which reinforces the gender bias. Over 14,000 schools have no toilets while more than 18,000 schools require repairs.Dilip Ranjekar, CEO of Azim Premji Foundation, said the country is still struggling to provide basic facilities in schools. \"We should have an outcome-based approach. Every policy should have a specific objective and direction, and its outcomes measured to understand the impact of the policy. There should be mobility of different classes and RTE has to be implemented strictly for the country to progress.\"Major findings of the study which surveyed education data from 2008 to 2011:* Only 9 MLA constituencies have met RTE norms of enrolling at least 25% from weaker sections in Class 1 in 2010-11* 3,37,299 children left govt schools over two yearsThere were 35.37 lakh children in govt schools (Class 1 to 5) in 2008-09. In 2010-11, 32 lakh children remained in govt schools from that batch, a reduction of 3.37 lakh children. Though the number of children in pvt schools in the same batch went up during this period, the increase does not account for all children leaving govt schools* 2,63,633 fewer girls than boys are enrolled in recognized schools (Class 1-8) in 2010-11* 14,092 schools don't have toilets; 24% schools have no facilities for girls* There are 10,187 pvt unaided schools in Karnataka, of which 23% are in Bangalore district.There are 3,151 English medium schools, of which 88% are private* Pupil-Teacher Ratio (PTR) is 24 in govt schools across the state, compared to PTR of 30 in private schools* A constituency has an average 370 disabled children in schools (Class 1-8); less than 20% go to pvt schools* 18,077 classrooms in govt schools require major repairs* 87% pvt and 54% govt schools have playgroundsOther findingsMost children leaving govt schools: Chittapur constituencyLeast no. of differently-abled children in school: JayanagarHighest girl to boy ratio in schools: Pulakeshinagar (SC)Lowest girl to boy ratio in schools: Tumkur ruralLowest toilet facilities for girls in govt schools: Gurmitkal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12463606", "title": "Film set at Zero Point dismantled, shooting may continue", "text": "COIMBATORE: A set erected for a major Telugu movie at Zero Point in Aliyar Dam was removed on Thursday as it posed a threat to wild animals that frequent the place to quench their thirst. It was earlier feared that colours used on the set would kill the animals and fish.The set was for a song sequence for 'Racha' starring Ram Charan Reja and Tammana. The shooting, scheduled to be held on March 29 and 30, may go ahead as planned without the set. \"Permission for shooting the movie has been given from Chennai and we are unaware as to whether the filmmakers will go ahead with the shooting. However, the set which is considered harmful to wild animals has now been removed. I gave the order and it was dismantled early this morning,\" said S Murugesan, sub divisional officer, Public Works Department.Activists said sawdust and colours used for the construction may have polluted the water. A researcher working on site said that it was not safe for animals to drink the water. Plastic cups used by the crew will also pollute the environment, he said.Zero Point, which is 24km from Pollachi, is a haunt for wild animals including the tiger, leopard, dhole, gaur, sambar and spotter deer. The 80 foot long set which was in the shape of a raft was scaring away the wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466044", "title": "Parents, satisfaction high on youth list", "text": "GUWAHATI: What is Generation Next up to in a changing society with evolving values? Are the youth really concerned about the state of affairs in the society they live in? What are the things they desire to live a better life? These are some of the questions the Cotton College Mathematical Society (CCMS) sought answers to from the youth of the state in a recent survey.\"There is so much of talk about drug abuse and strained relations between parents and their wards. So, we wanted to find out what exactly is happening with our youth. And this survey holds out the picture of our society,\" CCMS president and head of Cotton College mathematics department, Sitanath Lahkar, explained.The current generation seems to share positive, healthy relationships with their parents with only 18% of the respondents saying they have strained relationship with their parents. About 80% said they love spending their time with parents while 67% said their folks enquire about how they spend their pocket money. However, 32% of the youths felt that both the parents working affects the overall development of children.In the age of smartphones and the internet, technology has become an integral part of our lives, more so that of the youth. Every second respondent among the 1,000 surveyed said that they cannot live without using their cellphones even for a day. On the other hand, 81% responded that they can live without using internet for a day.The survey also sought an insight into the young people's opinion on social issues, education and other priorities in life. Although 59% said they are not happy with the present education system, 54% said they wanted to settle down in India and contribute to country's progress. Around 75% responded they prioritize satisfaction over money in life.One of the findings of the CCMS survey, which had a sample size of 1,000 youths in the age group 16-23 years, was that 87% of the respondents felt that sex education should be made compulsory in school and college curricula. An overwhelming 93% of the youths, meanwhile, are concerned that a large section of their generation has taken to smoking, drinking and drug abuse, which affects their health.Arpana Sarmah of CCMS, said that youths from the state who are now based in other cities were also covered in the survey. \"We have used an extensive questionnaire for response from the youths both staying within the state and outside. We had 15 volunteers working on getting responses from the youths. This survey gives us the glimpse of how our youths respond to the various issues concerning their lives,\" Arpana, who also compiled the findings, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465903", "title": "Chameli\u2019s challenge for Ganesh Acharya", "text": "I have been choreographing for almost 21 years. I have done some seriously tough dance numbers like Chamma Chamma in China Gate, Beedi Jalai Le in Omkara, Goriya Chura Na Mera Jiya in Coolie No 1 and many more.But my toughest till date has been the Chikni Chameli number in Karan Johar's Agneepath.For one, this was my first time with Dharma Productions. Also, though I had choreographed Katrina Kaif before, this had to be a Maharashtrian Lavani number - a form that is far away from Katrina's onscreen image. She had been used to western dance forms - hip hop and even belly dancing. People couldn't imagine Katrina doing lavani steps. Karan Johar was however sure that I could do it. It was a challenge.It took us nine days to shoot the song. On the first day of rehearsal, I did the steps myself and asked Katrina to watch me. When I finished, I saw that she had disappeared. I was looking for her when I realised that someone was sitting by my feet. It was Katrina. I was surprised. I asked her what she was doing sitting on the ground. She just said, \"Ganeshji only you can do it. This is so tough.\"But I assured her. We then rehearsed for eight days. Sometimes for eight to nine hours at a stretch. And then when she performed, Hrithik Roshan , Sanjay Dutt , Karan Johar and even I were spellbound. She did the entire dance in one flow. She was perfect.But the perfection did not come easy. I remember, on the 6th day of shoot, Katrina got blisters on her feet. Since she was dancing on a rough surface barefoot, she got cuts too. Her feet were bandaged. But she never let the pain show on her face. She followed my facial expressions and did exactly what I had told her.But then again, if it weren't so tough, it wouldn't have been such a big hit. When the film released, people told me that it got a huge opening because of the Chikni Chameli number. It was the biggest compliment I ever got as a choreographer.I want to thank Katrina for her dedication and cooperation. Everyone wants to be a director's actor. But if they cooperate with the technicians equally, every dance in every film will be perfect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462284", "title": "Convict seeks to aid CBI probe", "text": "PANAJI: Yeir Lavon, an Israeli undergoing a prison term at Aguada jail for drug possession, has written to the CBI offering himself as a witness in the Goa police-drug mafia nexus case that the sleuths are currently investigating.Lavon claims he was convicted in a false case slapped on him in 2008 by then anti-narcotics cell PI Ashish Shirodkar and constables Saish Pokle and Sandeep Parab.The trio were arrested in 2010 and are being investigated by the CBI for their links with alleged drug dealer Yaniv Benaim alias Atala, also an Israeli.Lavon, in his letter, states that the police officers \"involved in my case are also involved in falsely implicating foreigners by planting drugs on them, extorting money from them saying that they will be implicated falsely in drugs' cases if their demands are not met\".Incidentally, soon after the arrest of the three ANC personnel, the consulate general of the Russian federation in Mumbai had also raised concerns about the veracity of drug cases booked against two Russian nationals.Lavon, claiming innocence, states he was falsely arrested, implicated and convicted in a drug case by the corrupt police officers.\"I am willing to undergo a narco analysis test to prove that I am innocent and convicted for a crime I have never committed. I would also request you to conduct a narco analysis test on the police officers, as only truth will prevail and show that I was arrested falsely as I did not succumb to the demands of the corrupt police officers,\" he states.Lavon was picked up by Shirodkar and team from his residence at Assagao at around 7pm on January 7, 2008. He states that he came to know of his arrest under the NDPS Act for possession of 1.765 kg of charas only the next day.He points out that the magistrate too took note of this in his remand order: \"Accused submits that he was arrested on January 7, 2008 between 7pm and 8pm. However perusal of records shows that accused was arrested on January 8, 2008 at 3.45pm.\"Stressing that the allegations against the arrested police personnel are not an afterthought, Lavon states that he could not pursue the same during his trial as no one would believe that the police were arresting foreigners in false cases by planting drugs on them.Lavon was convicted by the NDPS court and his appeal before the high court was also dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462065", "title": "India steps up lobbying for ICJ nominee", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is stepping up lobbying for a post in the International Court of Justice for its candidate, Supreme Court Judge Dalveer Bhandari.Foreign minister S M Krishna has invited all the relevant ambassadors to a meeting on April 4 to make New Delhi's case for Justice Bhandari and to ask them to support India. The election to the ICJ is scheduled to be held in end-April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12468550", "title": "Income Tax offices to remain open tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has instructed all income tax offices to function on March 31, the last day of the financial year.Accordingly, Income Tax offices will function from 9.30 am to 6 pm tomorrow to handle year-end rush.Arrangements have been made to enable tax payers to file their I-T returns conveniently, an official statement said here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12463462", "title": "Pak former minister seeks commutation of death sentences to Sarabjit, Kirpal Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney has written to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari for commutation of death sentences of Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh into life imprisonment. Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh have been on the death row in Pakistan since 1990 and 1992 respectively. Talking to TOI on Thursday, Burney, who is also former expert advisor in United Nations on human rights, said, \"One-day detention in a death cell is like having spent a year in usual jails of Pakistan.\"He said Sarabjit and Kirpal had spent more than the life term and they should be released on humanitarian grounds. \"The gesture will also forge better ties with India,\" he said.Pakistan prime minister Yousuf Raza Geelani had announced during his address to the National Assembly on the June 21, 2008, that his government would soon forward a proposal to convert all death sentences to life imprisonment.\"But I am sorry to say that announcement was nothing but a false promise with the nation and the international community,\" he said.He said that in jails across Pakistan, there were condemned prisoners who had spent more than two to three life sentences in death cells, there were those who had become crippled or mentally unstable due to cruel and inhumane treatment.He said that he had written to Pakistan president and prime minister to halt all hangings of death sentence awardees including Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh and immediately take steps to ensure justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462918", "title": "Petrol pump operators threaten strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Petrol pump operators on Thursday threatened to go on strike if petrol prices were raised without an increase in their commission. \"If the government increases the prices without considering dealers' margin, the Federation of All India Petroleum Traders has decided that all the 40,000 petrol pumps dealers of the country will start a nationwide indefinite strike from April 23,\" the federation said in a statement.The dealers' body said the oil ministry had not implemented recommendation of its own committee that was constituted to go into commission paid to the dealers. The committee had recommended a dealer commission of 39 paisa per litre on petrol and 17 paisa a litre on diesel. But the ministry gave only 27 paisa for petrol and 15 paisa for diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465515", "title": "\u2018Advances in biotechnology beneficial for mankind\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The development and advances in biotechnology promises solution to the emerging challenges in the society and also has potential for public welfare, stated PC Trivedi, vice-chancellor of Gorakhpur University while delivering the first Professor Hariharnath Tripathi memorial lecture in Banaras Hindu University on Thursday.Stating that biotechnology has solution for emerging challenges in the 21st century, including food crisis, shortage of safe drinking water, depletion of oil reserve and damage of nature, Trivedi, who is also the president of Indian Science Congress, maintained that infrastructural development, increased food production, human resource development, research and development, technology transfer and public-private partnership are capable to give momentum to development in this century. He highlighted the potential of biotechnology in agricultural production, enhanced industrial production, medical sciences and other fields.Former director, IT-BHU, KP Singh was the chief guest and former V-C, Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj Medical University, Lucknow, Saroj Churamani Gopal was the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12462633", "title": "Blind booking of flights continues", "text": "MUMBAI: Are opaque fare offers still on? A day after the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) told airlines not to participate in such schemes, travel portals continued to offer special fares. Airlines claimed they never participated in such offers and travel portals refused to talk about it.DGCA had on Wednesday ordered airlines to discontinue the practice after complaints from some airlines and passengers. Its circular told carriers to withdraw from schemes which do not reveal the name of the carrier and exact time of departure at the time of booking. Passenger gets to know the details only once the payment is made. The offer, however, specifies a time-frame for the passenger and fare. Since the fares offered on opaque schemes are cheaper, many economy passengers are attracted to them.But over the past two weeks, the scheme has run into controversy after a major private carrier and passengers alleged that it was to favour Kingfisher. Acting on passenger complaints, travel portals had put up a disclaimer that the fares do not include Kingfisher. But DGCA intervened and sought completely transparent proceedings for air-ticket bookings.Opaque fare schemes were still available on two major online portals on Thursday. The portals mentioned Air India, Spice Jet, GoAir and Kingfisher as partners in the scheme. An attempt at booking the scheme was still leading the booker to the payment window. The offers were available for most major cities like Delhi, Lucknow and Kolkata. But Air India and Spice Jet spokespersons said their fares were out in the open and they did not indulge in opaque or anonymous bookings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463526", "title": "Asylum warden plays sick trick", "text": "CHENNAI: The Secretariat Colony police have launched a hunt for a warden of Government Institute of Mental Health (IMH) Hospital in Kilpauk who has in a bizarre incident been charged with instigating two patients to hug a nurse in the hospital on Sunday.The police on Thursday booked Anandraj for harassment on a complaint by 40-year-old staff nurse Vijayalakshmi, who lives on Medavakkam Tank Road in Kilpauk. The hospital suspended Anandraj, after which he went missing from his house on Thanappan Street in Triplicane, an investigating officer said.\"Vijayalakshmi was returning from the rest room when the incident took place at 5.50 pm on Sunday. She said Anandraj, 40, a second-class warden, was walking towards her with two male patients,\" Secretariat Colony inspector Thiyagarajan said. She heard Anandraj whisper to the two patients, Mohan and Kumar, telling them to hug her. \"Before Vijayalakshmi could react, the two patients pounced on her,\" the inspector said. \"She cried out in alarm but the patients continued to hold her while looking at the warden for further instructions. Hospital staff came to her rescue and helped free her from the patients.\"The nurse lodged a complaint with the IMH director, who issued an order placing the warden under suspension. The director sent the complaint with a covering letter to the Secretariat Colony police station. The Secretariat Colony police registered a case against Anandraj under Section 4 of the Tamil Nadu Women Harassment (Prevention) Act and IPC sections 354 (assault or criminal force against a woman to outrage her modesty) and 509 (words, gestures or acts intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and launched a search for him.Police also included the two patients as accused in the case. Investigations revealed that the warden had been charged with a similar incident in the recent past but was let off with a stern warning, inspector Thiyagarajan said. Anandraj is married to a teacher from J J Nagar but they had been living separately for the past five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464114", "title": "5-year RI for IGNOU staff in graft case", "text": "PATNA: The special CBI court presided by V K Srivastava on March 28 sentenced an attendant at the office of regional director, Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), Ram Nath Ojha to five years of rigourous imprisonment (RI) and a fine of Rs 1,000 after he was caught red-handed by the CBI sleuths while taking a bribe of Rs 5,000 in 2008. The court added that if the accused does not pay the fine, he would have to serve further one month's simple imprisonment (SI).The CBI sleuths had laid a trap on a complaint of one Ajit Kumar Arora alleging that the accused had demanded Rs 10,000 from him for including his name in the second list for admission to B.Ed course in IGNOU. In his complaint petition, Arora added that after his name did not appear in the first cut-off list for admission, he tried to know about the second list. At this, Ojha told him that his name could be there in the second list provided he gives a bribe of Rs 10,000 to him. The accused asked him to first pay Rs 5,000, the complainant added. After this, Arora approached the CBI. The CBI then registered a case bearing number RC 28/2008 against Ojha in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12462295", "title": "Earth Hour on Saturday", "text": "The Earth Hour 2012 will be observed on March 31 from 8.30pm to 9.30pm, when people all over the world will turn off the lights to create awareness about climate change. Enthusiasts in Goa, too, have organized some programmes at Margao and Saligao. At Saligao some youth have organized a programme at Lourdes Convent open air courts, from 8.30pm to 9.30 pm. WWF Goa has urged citizens to switch off their lights for one hour on Saturday.Prasad Pankar's exhibition of photos: Prasad Pankar's CMYK Academy of Photography will organize a three-day exhibition of photographs at Kala Academy's art gallery, Panaji , from March 30 to April 1. Musician Remo Fernandes will inaugurate 'Memorabilia' at 11am on Friday in the presence of Vijay Naik, director, School of Visual Arts, Curchorem.Film show at Calangute: The Alliance Francais, Panaji, and Art Chamber, Calangute, will screen the film 'The Tree' on April 1 at 7.30pm at Art Chamber - Galeria de Belas Artes Castelo Vermelho, Gauravaddo-Calangute. The film is directed by Julie Bertucelli.Screening of 'Sant Tukaram': The Entertainment Society of Goa, as a special initiative, will screen a film for the members of Goa Cinephile at Maquinez Palace, Panaji. On March 30, at 6.30, the film 'Sant Tukaram' will be screened at Auditorium II. The film is directed by Vishnupant Govind Damle and Sheikh Fattelal.Book-reading workshop: A book-reading workshop on the book 'River of smoke' by Amitav Ghosh will be conducted by Jugneeta Sudan on March 31, between 6pm and 8pm at The International Centre, Dona Paula. 'River of smoke' is story of drugs, drug trafficking, public executions, opium induced hallucinations, etc. The workshop entails analysis, readings, movie excerpts and a power-point presentation. For details call on 2452805-10.Concert by Santa Cecilia choir at Talaulim: The Santa Cecilia Choir of the famed Rachol Seminary, under the baton of Fr Romeo Monteiro, will perform at St Anne's Church, Santana-Talaulim, on April 2 at 6.30pm. The highlight of this year's recital is the Catholic 'Requiem Introit' of the French composer Gabriel Faure . Requiem denotes the Mass celebrated for the repose of the soul or souls of one or more deceased persons. The concert will be attended by archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao.Latin dance classes at Margao, Panaji: Goa dance sport association, along with Dr Martin and team, will conduct a two-month summer course in Latin dances, basic level, which includes jive, rumba, cha cha cha, samba and pre basic of salsa from April 9, on Mondays and Thursdays, at B M Hall in Margao and at Hotel Campal, Panaji, from April 11. For details and registration call on 9823014397.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "12466925", "title": "Geeta's zeal helps her have a perfect design", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: At 40, Geeta Nagrath believes life has just opened its many options for her. \"Its never late to venture into something new if you have the dedication and zeal to excel,\" says Geeta, who shed the 'homemaker' tag and opened her own fashion institute some months ago.A resident of Gurdev Nagar, Geeta says her family's association with fashion is as far apart as east is from west. \"My family is into three different kinds of businesses and neither is related to fashion. We run a hydroelectricity project, deal in paints and also have milk plants,\" she says.To the obvious question of how she developed a desire to have a fashion institute, Geeta says after having her two daughters she did not want to just sit home. \"So, I did a course in jewellery designing and was talking to a friend who suggested the idea of opening an institute. So I tied up with International Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT) for my own venture that launched on August 16, 2011. Perhaps the best part was that when I spoke to my husband Ajay about investing in the institute, he agreed instantly,\" says Geeta.Now handling both the home and her institute, Geeta admits that it isn't easy but she has learned to balance it. In less than a year she has introduced more than eight regular courses that include apparel designing, retail management, jewellery designing, textile designing and vocational courses. The institute has 30 students and six staff members and Geeta hopes that from the coming academic session the strength of students will be doubled. \"There are many more challenges that will come to me but I am ready to face anything,\" says Geeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12463708", "title": "Re-test for all after syllabi goof", "text": "Several TYBCom students from the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL), who got a wrong question paper for their business economics exam on Tuesday, met University of Mumbai officials on Thursday to seek a re-exam.The university had initially announced a reexam for only 98 students taking the exam at a centre in Mulund. However, when many of the 612 students could not attempt their paper successfully , the university issued a circular announcing a re-exam on April 10 for all students affected by the goof-up.Students who could not complete their paper or were unable to attempt it can approach their respective institutes. The university notification states that the time and venue of the examination will remain the same. The 19 exam centres and IDOL are asked to inform the candidates concerned.Meanwhile, TYBCom students, who had relied on allegedly leaked questions for the marketing and human resource management paper on Wednesday, did not benefit from any such leaks on Thursday. Messages circulated an evening before the exam did not feature many questions in the export marketing paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12466862", "title": "Bokaro Steel fails to produce Garga dam documents", "text": "Bokaro: Bokaro Steel (BSL) management has failed to produce ownership documents of Garga dam before the district administration, raising questions about who constructed the dam.The issue of Garga dam ownership has become a contentious issue between the administration and the BSL management. After issuing several letters to the BSL, in this regard, the administration has received a reply from the BSL, after seven months, which said that the related documents are not available.BSL general manager (town and administration) R V Suman in a letter sent to Bokaro deputy commissioner (DC) Sunil Kumar has mentioned that the project report with regard to construction of the dam had been submitted many years ago and it is not available with the company.Following unsatisfactory reply from BSL, Kumar is all set to take action against the firm. On July 2011, the water resource department made a move to take over the Garga dam knowing that the company did not have documents to claim ownership of the reservoir. The then DC Amitabh Kaushal set up an inquiry to ascertain whether the BSL has permission to claim ownership of the dam and also if it is it paying regular tariff to the water resource department.The government has a plan to acquire the Garga dam and take legal actions against the BSL, if the company is not able to produce valid documents. The Garga Dam is a reservoir situated on National Highway-23 near Bokaro railway station. The dam was constructed in 1966 by the BSL. Presently, BSL has virtually sub-let the dam to Bokaro railway. Bokaro Railway purchases about eight lakh gallons of water every day from BSL through its Garga Dam for its own use.\"In 1963, the DVC was the sole authority in-charge of dams and reservoirs in the area. Subsequently, when the state authority came in power the control of DVC got diluted. It is clear that the dam has been constructed in catchment area of DVC with appropriate approval of planning commission as well as central water and power commission,\" said Suman.Kumar however said, \"BSL management has replied to our letter but could not produce the documents to claim ownership of the Garga dam. We are planning to take further action in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465935", "title": "Johansson doesn't like sex symbol tag", "text": "Actress Scarlett Johansson doesn't like being called a sex symbol and wonders why has she been given the tag.\"I don't know, I don't think of myself that way (sex icon). It's alright for now. I'm convinced that obviously in a couple of years' time it will be somebody else. I won't be as interesting that way,\" she said.Johansson was previously married to Ryan Reynolds . She doesn't think her sex symbol status has been cultivated by her films because she doesn't consider many of the characters she has portrayed to overtly sexual, reports femalefirst.co.uk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463546", "title": "\u2018Science a way of thinking\u2019", "text": "Pune: Noted author Chetan Bhagat said on Thursday that science was not just about getting marks, it was a discovery and a way of thinking.He was speaking at the Times NIE Principal's seminar 2012 organised by The Times of India, in association with Mad Science.Bhagat delineated various issues in Indian education. He emphasised points that children in India would do well to remember.\"Science is not just about getting marks, it is a discovery and a way of thinking. We have to think scientifically. Unless Indians do that, they cannot progress. Our education system is designed to kill curiosity. Thus, we should question conventional learning that is not going to be used later in life.\"He said that educational policies and reforms are essential in a country like India.\"Effective lobbying will lead to a change in policies and bring about educational reforms. Curriculum revision is needed to bring about effective changes in the education system. Private players should be brought into the education sector and should be allowed to make profits,\" said Bhagat.He said that students today needed five skills - having necessary reasoning ability, confidence, knowing English and using the language expressively, possessing knowledge of business and money and knowing how to market oneself.The seminar, which was attended by over a hundred school principals from across the city, was co-sponsored by Sandeep Joshi, owner, Mad Science, India and Sri Lanka . Joshi, who facilitated the panel discussion (that was part of the seminar) among principals of five city-based schools, started the concept of edu-tourism in India and is also responsible for launching Mad Science in the country.Mad Science is a prominent science enrichment provider that delivers exciting and hands-on science experiences for children between three to 16 years.\"It aims at sparking imaginative learning among children by providing them with fun and interactive educational programmes that instill a clear understanding of what science is and how it affects their world,\" said Joshi.This year, the panel discussion was on 'Sparking imaginative learning by making science fun'.Kamini Saxena, principal, Dr Kalmadi Shamrao School, Kothrud, who was one of the panelists, said, \"The difference between hands-on experience and conventional teaching is like real life and reel life. When science is made fun, children become active participants rather than being passive learners. The instructional material designed makes the child touch, handle and manipulate scientific phenomena and thus learn it.\"She further said that science learnt through fun and interactive educational programmes was a multi-sensory approach that touched all association centers in the brain leading to accelerated learning.Panelist Jayshree Venkatraman, principal, DAV school, said, \"When studying science is made fun, it can open up a world full of magic. Teachers have to be made to realise how important it is to excite children with the learning of science. For that to happen, fun and interactive educational programmes could be rooted through teachers so that they reach a sizeable population of children instead of being restricted to a privileged few,\" she said.Payam Shoghi, principal, Riverdale International School, said that sparking imaginative learning cannot happen through unimaginative teachers.\"The whole idea is to create a culture in schools where teachers willingly engage in creativity and innovation. A teacher should identify concepts and devise interesting activities concerning them. That will make science fun,\" he said.Mrinmayee Bhave, principal, Gurukul School, said that children get excited when they learn things on their own, rather than being taught all the time.\"We should let children experiment. For instance, we took our students to clean buses, which proved to be a fun experience for all of them. In the process, they learnt much about scientific concepts such as effects of water on dirt, chemical agents used to clean it, and surface tension, among others,\" said Bhave.Nalini Sengputa, principal, Vidya Valley School, said that hands-on experience was much easier now than during the days she was in school.\"Most schools have good laboratories, chemicals are more readily available and teachers are not afraid to demonstrate experiments or let children practice such experiments. In addition, having science in lower classes gives children the opportunity to build a scientific temperament. Fun ways to learn science will encourage children and help them develop more interest in the subject.\"Allyson Roberts, vice-president, Mad Science, Canada , commenced the show with interesting scientific experiments. Roberts was also part of the panel discussion, where she emphasised the necessity to make science fun.\"The more the senses are involved, the greater is the amount of knowledge retained. During the earlier years of my life, science intimidated me. But as I became part of Mad Science, I realised it is every where around us and in everything we do. It became a fun activity for me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12463208", "title": "Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launcher system successfully tested", "text": "Jaisalmer: The Pinaka Multi Barrel Rocket Launcher System has undergone successful trials at Pokhran ranges. Officers from the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and army were present during the trials.\"The Pinaka trials were successfully tested at Pokhran field firing range. Pinaka, the state-of-art area weapon for destroying/neutralising enemy troop concentration areas, communication centres, air terminal complexes, gun/rocket locations and for laying mines by firing rockets with several warheads from the launch vehicle has been developed by DRDO. High operational mobility, flexibility and accuracy are the major characteristics which give the weapon an edge in modern artillery warfare for the armed forces,\" an official source said.Meant to neutralise a large geographical area with a rapid salvo of rockets with a strike range of 40 km, Pinaka could fire a salvo of 12 rockets in 44 seconds. The system was also put into field testing for assessing its capability during the Kargil conflict, according to the source.\"The recent user trials at the Pokhran field firing range in western Rajasthan by army and scientists from DRDO was for advance stage of development of the weapon system,\" the source said.Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said the system's quick reaction time and high rate of fire gives an edge to the army during low-intensity war-like situations. The system's capability to incorporate several types of warheads makes it deadly for the enemy.DRDO sources said development and trials will continue and the rocket is expected to enter service by this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462976", "title": "Phoney cops in Mumbai target seniors again", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Mumbai-based gang that poses as policemen and targets senior citizens has struck again in the capital. In a span of 30 minutes, the gang targeted a senior citizen and the wife of an army officer in Malviya Nagar who were both robbed of their valuables.Police say the gang belongs to Mumbai and visits the city every second month to commit crimes in quick succession in upscale Delhi localities. The gang then returns to Mumbai by the next flight before police get a clue about their whereabouts.In the first incident, the accused targeted a 63-year-old senior citizen, identified as Saroj Sobti, who stepped out to get groceries. In her complaint to police, the woman said that when she reached ITI Circle a man who claimed to be a cop approached her and told her that a senior cop wanted to talk to her. Meanwhile, the \"senior officer\" approached Sobti and asked her why she was being so careless and wearing gold jewellery in such a 'crime-prone area'.The men, who appeared to be in their thirties, made Sobti take off her gold bangles and place them in her bag. Sobti told the police that while the men were helping her put away the jewellery, they to secure the bangles with a strip of cloth tied in knots. After they had left, Sobti looked inside her bag but instead of her jewellery found only a peice of cloth.When she reached Malviya Nagar police station to lodge a complaint, Sobti found that another woman, a wife of a serving lieutenant in the Army, had also been duped in the same manner.Police sources said just before this incident, two men on a bike had stopped Shobha Nayyar near Punjab National Bank in the Gitanjali area and told her that a crime had taken place in the area and that criminals were in the area. Asking her to be careful , the men advised Nayyar to take off her jewellery and keep it in her bag. Minutes later, she found her jewellery missing. The police have registered a case of cheating, fraud and theft and are probing the matter. Police sources said they suspect this is to be the work of the Mumbai gang due to their unique modus operandi of 'tying knots' while cheating their victims. Besides this the criminals who usually operate in the Malviya Nagar area all have solid alibis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463545", "title": "Camps ready to cook up a storm", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's detractors within the BJP have adopted a tit-for-tat strategy to nullify his renewed threat to stage a comeback: They will host a luncheon meeting for MLAs at minister Govind M Karjol's residence on Friday, soon after Yeddyurappa's breakfast meeting.This is ostensibly a counterattack, launched at the instance of chief minister D V Sadananda and state BJP president K S Eshwarappa, to nip in the bud Yeddyurappa's comeback plans.Even as Thursday's assembly session was on, both camps were busy distributing invitation cards to MLAs at the assembly lounge, seeking their presence at their get-togethers.While lesser-known MLAs loyal to Yeddyurappa were inviting MLAs for breakfast at the former CM's residence, Karjol alone took the trouble of inviting legislators for lunch at his official bungalow.\"Please do attend the lunch hosted by a poor man without fail, as I cannot afford to host such events time and again,'' joked Karjol, extending an invitation card to Yeddyurappa loyalist and minister Basavaraj Bommai. \"Who is this poor man? You or CM Gowda?'' Bommai shot back as the two shared a laugh.But quite apparently, there were clear signs of a political storm brewing between the two camps as they are set for a showdown on Friday. The attendance at the two events may well decide Yeddyurappa and Gowda's future -- at least numerically.Yeddyurappa appeared confident as he freely mingled with legislators and reporters at the assembly lounge on Thursday. \"I am confident the party will take an appropriate decision sooner or later,'' he said. His loyalists were more optimistic than ever, as they have reportedly got feelers from the BJP leadership that the latter is in favour of a leadership change in Karnataka as early as next month.However, they conceded that it's still not clear whether the high command wants to replace Gowda with Yeddyurappa or any other leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464119", "title": "Social security scheme for unorganized workers launched", "text": "PATNA: State government launched the Unorganized Sector Workers and Artisans Social Security Scheme at a function organized on Thursday to mark Bihar centenary. CM Nitish Kumar said people, aged between 18 and 65 years and working in unorganized sectors, will be covered under this scheme.He said the dependents of a worker who dies in an accident will be given Rs 1 lakh and Rs 75,000 in case of injury leading to disability. Rs 30,000 will be given in case of natural death. He also announced that the children of those working in 88 types of unorganized sectors will be given a monthly stipend of Rs 1,200 to study in industrial training institutes (ITI) or polytechnics.Earlier, CM said, the state had a policy to provide ex-gratia in case of accidental death of a non-resident Bihari workers in unorganized sectors. But, now, even injured workers would get help. Bihar is the only state which is taking care of its non-resident workers, he said. CM recalled that in 2007 in Punjab, a policy of work permit for non-resident labourers had been introduced which had been opposed by workers from Bihar and UP. Acting on the reports, he spoke to the then Punjab CM Captain Amrendra Singh and sent a team of legislators and officials there. The government withdrew the policy under pressure, he added.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said there were a lot of agencies taking care of the workers in organized sectors but nobody is bothered for the large army of workers in unorganized sectors. Labour resources minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal said the scheme would benefit about 50,000 labourers engaged in construction works, he added.The dignitaries as well as the participants lit candles in the hall for a few moments and chanted the song, 'Le mashal chal pare hai log mere gaon ke' (villagers have started moving with torchlight in their hands). Principal secretary of labour department Vyasji and labour leader R N Thakur also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12462969", "title": "Robbers inject trucker with sedative, loot sugar worth Rs10 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: At least six armed robbers overpowered a trucker by injecting him with a sedative and ran away with 640 sacks of sugar worth nearly Rs 10lakh.The incident took place on early Thursday morning at Pragpura village near Shahpura.The truck with Uttar Pradesh registration number, on its way to Jodhpur via Jaipur, was intercepted by the robbers, who were in a Bolero. They attacked the trucker and the cleaner. The latter fled the spot out of fear.After this, the miscreants injected a sedative on the trucker's shoulder, police said. \"After the driver fell unconscious, the men took the truck to a distance and unloaded the sacks, and put it in another vehicle,\" said a senior police officer of Jaipur rural.On regaining consciousness, the driver called the police control room. \"He told us that initially a vehicle intercepted his truck. When he stopped, he was badly beaten, and then a sedative was injected on his upper arms. He was rushed to Sawai Man Singh hospital,\" said Vineet Bansal, Kothputli while talking to TOI on Thursday.Preliminary investigation suggested that the gangs operating in the Mewat region, especially those comprising Meos, could be behind this act. \"The Meo robbers are infamous for looting the trucks or canters. We have got some concrete clues, and are trying to solve the case,\" an officer said.The Meo gangs have been involved in most of robberies on the Jaipur-Delhi highway, where they target trucks carrying motor vehicles, food grains and other commodities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465533", "title": "Most devotees celebrate Shashthi on two days", "text": "VARANASI: Devotees thronged the Kalika Gullie to seek blessings of Devi Kalratri (worshipped on seventh day of Navaratra) on Thursday. However, the usual crowd at the temple seemed less as most people celebrated Shashthi (sixth day of Navaratra) on Thursday.Long queues of devotees were witnessed since the early morning. Devotional articles like nariyal (coconuts), chunaris, havan samagri, and eatables like fruits and sweets were also purchased in huge quantities on the occasion as the auspicious Ashtami and Navami area approaching. Most of the households, temples and social organisation are also celebrating 'Mata ki Chowki', bhajan and kirtans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12466434", "title": "Delhi Metro service disruptions hit NCR commuters for 2nd day in a row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro train services were hit for a second day in a row on Firday after a major outage in services on Thursday. The Blue Line of DMRC from Dwarka to Vaishali witnessed a breakdown in services from around 11am in the morning. Officials were tight-lipped when being queried about the cause of the outage in services.On Thursday, thousands of commuters in the Delhi-NCR region had an anguishing time when Delhi Metro services were disrupted following a signalling failure during morning rush hours. Metro commuters in the city were a harassed lot as they were already reeling under the traffic restrictions for the ongoing BRICS Summit.Trains on the busy Blue Line connecting Noida and Ghaziabad with Dwarka were delayed since 8.45am the morning after they were run at a restricted speed between Pragati Maidan and Mandi House stations. The problem was resolved only after 2pm causing severe inconvenience to office-goers and others who had to search for other modes of transport to reach their destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462172", "title": "Gangapur station work to hit water supply in city today", "text": "NASHIK: There will be no water supply to the city on Friday as the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is installing meter cubicle at the Gangapur dam station.Due to installation of the meter cubicle, power supply will be switched off between 10am and 6pm.This will affect supply of water to the city in the afternoon and evening, municipal corporation officials said.Though water supply will resume on Saturday, it the pressure will be less. This may have an impact on water supply on Saturday, too, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12462046", "title": "3-month pregnant woman help cops nab husband who duped her", "text": "NAGPUR: When three-month pregnant Zarina Begum started searching for her missing husband, she was shocked to learn that he had cheated not only her but four other women too. Like her, the man had married and left the four other women after stealing all their valuables.However, Zarina did not drop the matter, like the other four women. She not only filed a fraud complaint against him, she helped the cops nab him and put him behind bars. Zarina's husband Abdullah Siddiqui was nabbed at Nagpur central railway station on Thursday afternoon.Recalling her love story, Zarina said she first met Siddiqui during prayers at Mominpura. Over time they fell in love. \"Siddiqui had said he hails from Parbhani and came to the city in search of a job. When he got a job, he proposed to marry her. He had said his first wife had passed away and he did not have any children from her,\" said Zarina.However, police found out that Siddiqui's first wife is a teacher at Parbhani village and has two children from him. Siddiqui left the first wife in 2006 and had married another woman in the same village a few months later.Zarina, a divorcee, had thought that she had begun a new life with Siddiqui, but within three months he disappeared. The couple got married on November 29, and stayed at a rented room in Mominpura. Zarina said they couple never had any argument over three months and stayed happily. Then, on February 27, Siddiqui took Zarina to hospital and dropped her at her elder sister's house, saying he was going to buy medicines.\"He never came back. When we went to the rented room, the cupboard lock was broken and Rs 50,000 cash and three tola gold valuables, totally worth Rs 1.4 lakh, were missing,\" said a relative.Zarina then lodged a missing complaint regarding Siddiqui at Tehsil police station. She even went to Parbhani to look for him, and learnt about his two wives, who told her that he had two more wives in nearby villages.On March 2, Zarina lodged a complaint of fraud against Siddiqui at Tehsil police station. Not satisfied with the sluggish investigation, she took the initiative to contact Siddiqui after somehow managing to get his number.\"When I spoke to him, he was in Hyderabad and asked me to come there. But I insisted he should come to Nagpur and take me,\" said Zarina.On Thursday afternoon, when Siddiqui reached the city, Zarina alerted Tehsil police. Police said that after getting down from his train, Siddiqui didn't wait for a minute and urged Zarina to board another train with him to go back. However, the cops had set a trap and caught him while they were boarding the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12465868", "title": "Narmada water supply suspended", "text": "Rajkot: As the mercury soared high during the onset of summer, city's water woes deepened with Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) effecting water cuts from Wednesday night. People in ward numbers 1, 11, 12, 13 and 21 of RMC faced water crises on Thursday as the civic body suspended the supply of Narmada water.\"Recently, the RMC had suspended Narmada water supply for three days. Now, the supply has again been suspended. The RMC should have thought of an alternative arrangement like fetching water from other water resources in the absence of Narmada water. But it remains clueless in the face of the crisis,\" an RMC source said.The source added that the anger against RMC is rising among people as the civic body never bothered to make official announcement before introducing the water cuts. \"Dharna and agitation at RMC will soon become the order of the day in coming weeks of the summer, if the ad-ministration fails to address the crisis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12466326", "title": "Vadodara's ponds awed master town planner a century ago", "text": "Vadodara: While the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) may have made announcements regarding the upkeep and development of ponds in the city only recently, Patrick Geddes - often called the father of modern town planning - who prepared a detailed plan for the city realized their potential and importance almost a century back.He had even called these water bodies amongst the finest tank park systems in the world. Geddes was invited to the city by the visionary Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III after a dreadful plague and a famine made a major urban transformation must at the beginning of the last century.Geddes came to the city on two occasions in 1915 and formed his report titled 'A Report on the Development and Expansion on the city of Baroda'. Geddes was a world renowned figure then and had travelled extensively in India.Geddes brought his theory of 'Diagnostic Surveys' to identify its problems and suggested his formula of 'Conservative Surgery' for works on the city. His ideas were incorporated in the programs of the Baroda City Improvement Trust that was operational from 1910 to 1925.Referring to the series of ponds or tanks in the city, Geddes had said in the beginning of his report, \"At the very onset of this report we urge the careful preservation of this fine chain.\"Geddes who referred to the chain as tank parks added that the chain could produce one of the most extensive tank parks in India and that these were not only the oldest, but amongst the finest park systems of the whole world.Gujarat co-coordinator for the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) and architect Sanjeev Joshi who has studied the report extensively said that Geddes was looking at the entire system of ponds and not each of them individually. \"He had suggested that an excellent avenue, boulevard and tank park system could be provided at little expense. He has mentioned the names of several ponds as those having ample water, but we do not see them any more,\" he said.Geddes mentions that if the plan of making a 'Ring Park System' of tanks was implemented it would ensure the city's beauty. He has added that it would help to maintain its health for all time coming as well. \"He was clearly in awe with the ponds of the city and round them as one of the unique features of the city,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463748", "title": "City to host world agri congress in Nov \u201913", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state will host the world agriculture congress (WAC) in the city in November 2013. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy gave a positive reply to a proposal from the world agricultural forum (WAF), when the board's chairman and former prime minister of New Zealand, James B Bolger, wrote to him some time back about the board's decision to hold the WAC in AP as the state has a strong agricultural tradition. This is for the first time that WAC is going to be held in India.According to Aldas Janaiah of Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University ( Angrau), who is also a member of the board of world agricultural forum, the theme for WAC - 2013 is \"Re-shaping agriculture for the benefit of small and marginal farmers\". The session, which will attract around 600 delegates, including politicians, administrators, academicians, CEOs, farmers, and functionaries of development organisations, among others, will discuss with all key stakeholders on how to re-shape and re-position small-farm agriculture in order to make farming economically viable and improve farmers' income.WAC-2013 is also expected to provide a policy direction to the developing countries on how to re-shape agricultural policy in order to make farming viable and attractive as a profession, based on sharing of inter-country experiences.An organising committee under the chairmanship of the chief minister will be set up soon. James B Bolger will be the co-chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12467283", "title": "IIT-Delhi country's highest-ranked institution", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Institute of Technology- Delhi is the country's highest ranking institution in world with a global rank of 218, the Rajya Sabha was informed today.Minister of State for HRD D Purandeswari said during Question Hour that as per the Quacquarelli Symonds global system of ranking of higher education institutions for 2011, IIT-Delhi is the overall highest ranking institution in India at serial number 218.\"As per the Times Higher Education World University Rankings for 2011, IIT-Bombay is the highest ranked institution at serial 317, while the Academic Ranking of World Universities has ranked Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore at serial 321,\" she said.As per the 2011 QS Engineering &amp; Technology Rankings, IIT-Bombay is at serial 43, IIT-Delhi at 50, IIT-Kanpur at 59 and IIT-Madras at 60 in Computer Science and Information Technology.In the same ranking system in Civil and Structural Engineering, IIT-Bombay is ranked at serial 30, IIT-Kanpur at serial 38 and IIT-Delhi at serial 43.As per QS Global Business School Report, 2012, Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad has been ranked second in the Asia Pacific region, next to INSEAD (Institut Europeen d Administration des Affairs), Singapore while IIM-Bangalore, Indian School of Business, IIM-Calcutta and SP Jain Institute of Management and Research, Mumbai figure in the top 20 institutes.According to Financial Times London Global Buiness School rankings, IIM-Ahmedabad is at serial 11 and Indian School of Business at serial 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463774", "title": "IAS officers declare assets", "text": "HYDERABAD: As per the statements of immovable property returns (IPR) filed for the year 2011, S Narsing Rao, presently the Coal India Ltd chairman, and Sunil Sharma, special secretary in the agriculture department , are the 'landlords' among the babus in the state.While 1986 batch officer Narsing Rao's statement says he owns 55.6 acres of land apart from land inherited from his family, Sunil Sharma, a 1990 batch officer, has declared ownership over 28 acres of land which was purchased between 2004 and 2010 in various towns of Andhra Pradesh.Rao purchased his 55.6 acres in 2002. As for Sharma, after purchasing 18.2 acres of land in Nalgonda district's Mahabubpet in 2004, he purchased 3 acres in Prakasam district's Gudipadu village in 2007. In the same year, Sharma bought another 2.9 acres in Pakeru near Visakhapatnam. In 2010, he purchased 3 acres of land in Thangudubilli near Vizag. Thereafter, the former agriculture commissioner has also acquired 5 acres in Prakasam district. Incidentally, Sharma has been collector in these districts. In terms of ownership of land, 1983-batch officer Sekhar Prasad Singh, whose possessions include a mango orchard, comes next. Singh, who enjoyed enormous clout when YSR was the chief minister, seems to have developed a special interest in Rangareddy district's Kottur mandal, which is a stone's throw away from Shamshabad international airport.Singh owns 12 acres of dry land in Penjerla village in Kottur mandal in Mahbubnagar district. In the same village, he has also purchased 3.66 acres of dry land. He is raising a mango plantation and vegetable crops on the land. Apart from this, the former GHMC commissioner's spouse has a house plot of 597 square yards in her name at M/S Stylish Homes Rural estates. Ajay Mishra is next on the list of the landed babus with property in the Medak and Rangareddy districts. In 2003, he purchased 5 acres of agricultural land in Rangareddy's Shankarpally mandal. He owns 8.27 acres in C Konapuram near Kondapur and 43 Guntas in Nagaulapalli in Medak district and Lamoor in Rangareddy. Mishra's wife owns a flat in Singapore township while he owns a 1,000 sq yrd plot in Kotwalguda in Rangareddy. Interestingly, senior IAS officer CVSK Sarma does not own any property other than the house he built in Hyderabad's Prashasan Nagar.Aravind Kumar, a 1991-batch IAS officer, bought 6 acres of agricultural land in 2006 and owns apartments in Manasarovar Heights in Kokapet and in Haryana's Gurgaon. Among others, 1983-batch officer Vinod Agarwal owns 13.08 acres of agricultural land in Nandigama village near Patancheru in Medak district. According to the statement filed by him, his wife Archana owns 1.20 acres of land in Peddapalli in Balanagar mandal and 7.29 acres in Chandi village in Medak. His son owns 17.30 acres in Peddapalli village in Nizamabad district.The controversial 1983-batch officer BP Acharya owns only the house plot at Mahendra Hills in Secunderabad's East Maredpally. Others such as Sanjay Jaju, Jayesh Ranjan and Navin Mittal, who are among the relatively younger babus, have filed 'nil' returns. Although January was the deadline for submission of immovable property returns, at least 40 IAS officers have defaulted on the same.The list includes names such as Chandana Khan (1979 batch), SN Mohanty, Lakshmi Partha Sarathi, AK Parida (all 1980), T Radha (1983), S K Joshi (1984), BR Meena (1986) JS Venkateswara Prasad (1987), Somesh Kumar (1989) among others. The DoPT has so far received IPR statements from 241 babus. As per the department, there are over 4,000 IAS officers working in various central and state government departments. Every year, by January 31, all IAS officers are required to submit their IPRs in accordance with the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, 1968.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462224", "title": "FDA crackdown on roadside vendors", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) has decided to launch a drive to check the quality of food and drinks served by roadside vendors in the city next week.While Nashikites are gulping down everything that is available in the markets to quench their thirst due to the blistering heat, they run a high risk of getting infected with unchecked food substances available in the markets.Over the past few weeks, the mercury has risen significantly in and around Nashik, with the temperature hovering around 40 degrees Celsius and likely to jump by a few more degrees in the coming months. This has made people reach out to food stuff and drinks that could quench their thirst. To serve this need of the residents of the city, hundreds of stalls have lined up on city roads to sell nimbu pani (lemonade), lassi, buttermilk, different types of fruit juices, ice creams and ice candies.All such stalls dotting the streets of the city are doing brisk business through the day and till late in the evenings. While people are happily spending money on such substances and even thanking their lucky stars for the sellers' presence, there's little thought given about the hygiene of such food products on part of the buyers. The FDA, Nashik, which is directly responsible for monitoring the quality of such food substances, irrespective of whether they are sold in posh hotels or in the open on the city streets, also seemed unconcerned about this so far.Considering the rising prices of every commodity and the intent of making more profits, there are chances that sellers of cold drinks could use unhygienic material, like substandard ice, artificial colours in ice creams and ice candies, and sweeteners, etc., in their products.According to reports, it is expected that the ice for ice creams and ice candies be purchased only from the certified ice factories, since the ice there is prepared from drinking water provided by the Nashik Municipal Corporation.However, given that the FDA has still to check what is being sold on the streets, no one is aware whether the ice is being procured from certified ice factories or some other places.Shashikant Kekare, assistant commissioner (food), FDA, however, said that the FDA would soon be taking up a drive in the city to check food substances sold in the open in city markets. \"Earlier, we had decided to take up the drive from March 15. However, due to some other work, we decided to postpone it. In all likelihood, the drive will start right away from the next week. As of now, according to the government directive, we are registering all the petty vendors selling consumable items on the city roads. While we have given permission for selling consumable items to around 3,000 vendors in the city and the district limit, according to our estimates, 40% of the food vendors are still to be certified.\"\"Once this work is complete, we will have all the details of vendors selling food articles and thus it will be easy for us to take action against them if they flout any norm,\" added Kekare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462851", "title": "Pakistan media feels 'smug' over letter leak", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Army chief General V K Singh's leaked letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about ammunition shortage among other things has made headlines in the Pakistani media. Most newspapers have quoted Gen Singh's letter highlighting \"two inimical neighbors (Pakistan and China)\" and the \"lack of preparedness of the Indian Army\".Express Tribune had a headline, 'India's million-strong army exposed as hollow', outlining details from the letter like Indian tanks lacking ammunition, the IAF's defences being \"97% obsolete\" and India's elite forces short of essential weapons.It then says how, anachronistically, the India is the world's biggest military hardware importer.The News had the report prominently placed on the front page, headlined 'Leaked letter reveals India's military weakness'. \"The leaked letter lists shortcoming in embarrassing details in a serious blow to the government and the Asian giant's military prestige,\" it said.The News, Pakistan's largest English daily, noted that the letter's publication \"also ups the stakes in a public battle'' between Gen Singh and the government.It noted Gen Singh's claim of having been offered bribe and described India's defence procurement processes as \"notoriously corrupt\".The Dawn had the report on its back page, 'Indian army in bad shape, Gen Singh tells PM'. It said the letter's contents leaked on Wednesday \"were more likely to make Pakistan feel smug than lead to any imminent catastrophe\". It quoted former chief Gen Shankar Roychowdhury ruing on TV that \"Pakistan must be laughing all the way\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463415", "title": "33 test positive for H1N1 in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Thirty one people tested positive for the H1N1 influenza virus in the city on Thursday, besides two in Pimpri-Chinchwad.The state government has decided to constitute a high-level committee to monitor swine flu treatment and its spread in cities including Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Mumbai.The announcement was made at a meeting of the state health department held under Jayanth Kumar Banthia, additional chief secretary (health and family welfare). Officials of state-run and private hospitals from Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad and Mumbai were present.Banthia asked officials to upgrade infrastructure at hospitals required for treatment of H1N1 influenza. He asked them to set up isolation and ICU wards for patients and make provisions for ventilators. Banthia also asked the Sassoon hospital to immediately procure additional ventilators from the fund of Rs 1 crore announced by the deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar recently.Local administrations and laboratories conducting throat swab tests have been asked to submit daily reports to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12464244", "title": "Madurai Kamaraj University senate demands probe into faculty appointments", "text": "MADURAI: The senate meeting of the Madurai Kamaraj University on Thursday witnessed heated arguments over alleged malpractices in faculty appointments during the tenure of former vice-chancellor R Karpaga Kumaravel.The senate also saw several members demanding a committee to probe the irregularities in the appointments. During the adjournment motion, senate member Ismail said they had already insisted on a CBI inquiry into the malpractices in faculty appointments. \"It was alleged that as much as Rs 14 lakh was collected for each appointment and we have insisted on a CBI inquiry during the academic council meeting held recently. But, we have not seen anything materialising so far. Hence, we urge the senate to form a committee to probe the malpractices,\" he proposed.The members also alleged that individuals without any prior teaching experience were appointed in senior teaching positions. Other members like Periathambi and S Krishnasamy also stressed the need for a probe. However, syndicate members K P T Ganesan and Manoharan told the senate that the appointments were already made. Ordering a probe will affect the faculty already appointed, but the university will make sure that future appointments are free of any malpractice, they said. However, it caused a lot of argument in the senate with members insisting on forming a committee.S Krishnasamy insisted that forming of a committee to probe the malpractices was very essential. \"The university is not a place of loot for VCs but a place of academic excellence. Whoever is responsible for the malpractices should be punished, setting an example for all VCs appointed in future,\" he stressed. As many members started insisting on the probe, syndicate member P Gunasekaran said a senate-level committee would be formed to probe the faculty appointments. However, he said the members of the committee would be decided after a new VC was appointed.Senate members were also very vocal about the conventions broken during the convocation held on Wednesday. Member Periathambi was critical, saying the senate members were sidelined during the ceremony. \"The senate, which is a superior body, should have been given its due during the ceremony. Not even food was arranged for the members after the convocation,\" he pointed out. \"Such violations should be avoided in the future,\" he said. Syndicate member K P T Ganesan promised that it this would not be repeated again. The senate also discussed issues such as affiliated college staff getting opportunities as guides for foreign scholars. The members said as there were many capable persons in affiliated colleges, guides for foreign scholars can be appointed from colleges too. The syndicate agreed to the proposal. The senate also pointed out that the pension benefits to retired staff of the Educational Multi- Media Research Centre ( EMMRC) was yet to be provided and the syndicate members said it was pending due to audit objections. Hence, the senate suggested forming a joint sitting with the audit team to reduce the audit objections in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12463451", "title": "DMK leader K N Nehru\u2019s brother killed in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: K N Ramajayam, brother of senior DMK leader and former minister K N Nehru, was found gagged to death on Thursday. His body was found on the banks of the Cauvery at Thiruvalarcholai, near here.Ramajayam, 50, was named in a slew of land-grab cases and was out on bail.Police said it was a premeditated murder. Ramajayam had been kidnapped from the vicinity of Annanagar Uzhavar Sandhai in the heart of Trichy, close to his house on 10th Cross in Thillainagar.Ramajayam's routine was to go for a walk around 5.30am and return home by 7.30am. When he did not return until 8.15am, his wife contacted the police commissioner's office. After his friends and elder brother Nehru, who was in Chennai, failed to reach him, news of his disappearance spread across the city along with rumours that the police might have detained him in a fresh case.A couple of hours later, Ramajayam's body was found at Thiruvalarcholai on the outskirts of Thiruvanaikovil. Villagers had found a body with the mouth gagged and hands and legs bound with cellophane tape and wire covered with a blanket.Police commissioner Shaileshkumar Yadav rushed to the spot around 11am. Ramajayam's son, Vinit, an engineering student, identified the body and it was taken to the Annal Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital in Trichy for inquest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12462069", "title": "Audi plans used car business, expansion in small towns", "text": "NAGPUR: German automobile major Audi is expecting sizeable business among the wannabe luxury car owners, who may settle for an old car if they cannot afford a new model. Taking a cue from small car makers, luxury car maker Audi too is planning a foray into the used car business in the next financial year. The company is also expanding its presence in small towns like Nagpur.Michael Perschke, Audi's India chief, who was in the city to inaugurate the company's agency here told TOI that used cars could be made available at around half the on-road price of new cars.\"So far, used car business in this segment is dominated by traders, but buyers may find a better bargain if original manufacturer refurbishes cars and sells with a warranty. Some luxury cars enter the second-hand market within 12 months of purchase,\" said Perschke. He added that a supply of almost 1,500 used Audi cars is expected in the used car market, which is around 18% of its present market of over 7,500 cars in the country.The Audi range starts at Rs 32 lakh on road for the A4 model, going up to a couple of crores for the Spyder version. The second-hand car market is targeted at the upper middle class buyers, who may not find it affordable to buy a new Audi otherwise, said Perschke. He said others in the luxury segment too are testing the waters.Perschke also said there are plans to come up with cheaper cars too, to bring down the threshold of buying an Audi to Rs 20-25 lakh in a couple of years.Perschke said the market share from smaller cities has increased from 20% initially to 35%. In Nagpur, the company hopes to sell around 12-15 cars a month, with the showroom having the entire range, including a Spyder. The same agency has bagged the Raipur outlet too, where it plans to sell similar numbers, with buyers from the city as well as its periphery.Kumar Kale of the local agency said the Raipur showroom is expected to start within a couple of months. Audi also plans to open showrooms in cities like Bhopal, Coimbatore and Delhi West by April.With the Audi showroom inaugurated, the city now has all three major luxury car brands, with BMW and Mercedes having already launched showrooms earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461683", "title": "Campaign to train health workers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Times Foundation in association with Hindustan Construction Company Limited (HCC) trained nearly 500 civic health workers in communication skills.The project aims to sensitize workers to mother and child health and prevention of parent-to-child HIV transmission. The campaign was to complement the government's effort to increase the demand among urban slums for accessing affordable healthcare services provided by the BMC health department. \"There are physical, social as well as communication barriers between civic health workers and the slum population. We are working towards treating them with dignity,\" said Dr Arun Bmane, BMC's joint executive health officer.Currently, the pilot project is being conducted in two wards, but Times Foundation is planning to extend it to the remaining 22 wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rajoana", "code": "12463601", "title": "A virtual Diwali in Rajoana's village", "text": "RAJOANA: Balwant Singh Rajoana is a hero and a crusader for justice in his native village. The non-descript, sleepy hamlet of Rajoana, 30 km from Ludhiana, came to life on Wednesday evening when it became known that his hanging had been stayed.The villagers burst crackers, distributed sweets and congratulated each other on Wednesday evening. The celebrations continued on Thursday, with langars being organized in the village.These villagers also showed their happiness over the decision in the traditional way by lighting earthen lamps outside their houses at night.Residents of nearby areas and some from outside the state visited Rajoana to congratulate the family of Balwant on Thursday. Some came there out of sheer curiosity.\"He has made all of us proud, people from across the country and abroad are coming to see his native village. I met him on Monday morning along with other villagers. He looked very strong,\" said Rajbir Singh, a former sarpanch.The villagers has started praying for Rajoana the day Chandigarh court ordered his hanging.''Fifty-five women and the same number of men from the village have been sitting and praying for the well-being of Rajoana,\" said 52-year-old Charanjeet Kaur.Almost all houses in the village - which has a population of 4,000 - as well as trees bore saffron flags as a mark of support for Rajoana.At his house, big banners with his messages had been put up. Balwants's elder brother Kulwant Singh, who was meeting visitors outside his house, said, ''We are thankful that the entire community stood by us and we support what ever Balwant wants. The stay on his hanging is quite a relief.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12462038", "title": "No-fail policy may change to lift standards", "text": "MUMBAI: When the Right to Education (RTE) Act became reality, there was a sense of jubilation all around. Students and parents welcomed, in particular, the 'no-fail' clause: no child could be held back in any class or expelled from school till the completion of elementary education (till class VIII). But teachers are complaining that some students take advantage of this clause and do not study at all. The state government has heard the complaints and is looking at ways to make changes to the rule.According to sources, the government has issued a circular to education officials, seeking ideas on the matter. \"The new system may be that a student who does not fair well in a class will take a written test in April, failing which, he or she will take the test again in June. But it is the teacher who might have to make sure that the student passes. Thus, responsibility for the student's performance will shift to teachers,\" said an official.\"Even though CCE ( continuous comprehensive evaluation) ensures that students are evaluated throughout the year rather than through just written exams, students have started taking the written exams very lightly,\" said a teacher from a school in Andheri. \"We try to ensure that this doesn't happen in our school, but keep coming across students who are least bothered about studies.\"Though schools had welcomed most RTE clauses, many were opposed to the no-fail policy. With CCE in place, students are evaluated under two heads: formative (class work/presentations) and summative (written exams). The combined score is taken into consideration at the end of the academic year. \"Students and teachers are easily getting adapted to CCE. Students also know that even if they don't score well in the summative part, they will score very well in the formative tests and pass with good marks,\" said Najma Kazi, principal, Anjuman-I-Islam Saif Tyabji Girls' High School, Byculla. She said she started remedial classes for students who were not fairing well in the summative tests. \"Teachers in my school have been asked to hold these classes to ensure that students understand the topics well.\"While most government officials refused to comment on the issue, a senior official told TOI that instead of simply promoting children to the next grade, extra attention needed to be paid to teacher training. \"Blindly promoting students does not help to make the quality of education better. Teachers need to be accountable to students and ensure their progress,\" said the official. \"Teacher training programmes need to be more interesting and must incorporate skill-improvement plans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12464175", "title": "Despite power cuts, city residents seem kicked about Earth Hour", "text": "CHENNAI: Six cities - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, and Bangalore - are participating in the race to become the Earth Hour Champion.If every teardrop is a waterfall, as per what Chris Martin from Coldplay believes, then every little step should go on to make one big difference. With environmental awareness peaking among urban denizens, the need to take a step back, with respect to one's power requirements has now caught the attention of the mainstream consciousness. And tomorrow (March 31) is being touted as a day of reckoning when the world will come together to observe Earth Hour. The global movement involving a voluntary blackout to be carried out (at 8.30 pm IST) by everyone from educational and commercial establishments to residential colonies and beyond is garnering buzz from all quarters.Celebs from across the country, including Sachin Tendulkar , Rani Daggubati and Chennai's own Dhanush have expressed their solidarity in this campaign. And the aam aadmi is more than sure that this could help change the world one hour at a time.Says Dhanush, \"It is inspiring to see how a simple action of switching off lights unites billions of people from around the world to fight against a common cause. There is only one planet, and if we continue to exploit its finite resources, there will be no one to bail us out.\" About 'switching off' at a time when power cuts anyway rule the roost, the actor says, \"This situation has arisen because of us. Had we been conscious about our lifestyle and its effects on the environment before, the scenario might be different. But, it's never too late to start realizing and working towards change.\"Ravi Singh , Secretary General and CEO, WWF-India, states in a release that Earth Hour would \"encourage entire cities to collectively shift towards sustainable development-by undertaking better land, water and energy management which will reduce the growing environmental impact of our urban lifestyles.\"Ask Krishna Achari, a post production technician, based out of T Nagar, who has gone the extra mile to ensure participation from his housing board members this year. He says, \"I got a few volunteers who went to every house in our apartment, distributing pamphlets and telling the residents the need to be part of the movement. A few of them even countered us saying, why bother switching off lights when we're already devoid of electricity due to load shedding. But we convinced them that this was a citizen-driven initiative, which should translate to more energy saving practices throughout the year.\" Krishna beams that almost 90 houses in his locality will turn off their lights for Earth Hour.Members of the hospitality sector in the city are also pitching in do their bit for the environment. When contacted, the lobby manager at a plush hotel in the city says, \"We are actively involved in implementing measures to reduce our carbon footprint across the year. For Earth Hour, we will be turning off all non-essential lights in our hotel. We are planning to have a minimalist candle light set up at our entrance, just to make the mood a little romantic. You don't need to forego the good things in life, just because you've cut down on power, do you?\"Switch off the lights between 8:30 and 9:30 PM tomorrow (March 31)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466437", "title": "Eco-friendly toilets in Malwa Express soon", "text": "INDORE: The Indore-Jammu Tawi Malwa Express will have eco-friendly bio-toilets in another 10 days time. The toilets will be like the ones on aircraft and will prevent wastes from being dumped on the railway tracks.The project for bio-toilets that use vacuum pressure for flushing had been mooted by the former railway minister.\"Efforts are on to replace the existing toilets by the bio-toilets in another week or 10 days' time,\" said PRO (WR) Pradeep Sharma. The system allows collection of waste in a tank instead of being discharged on the tracks. AC and non-AC coaches will be retrofitted with bio-toilets which could convert human waste into methane gas Western Railway Carriage Depot officer I L Sahu told the media on a visit to the depot.Meanwhile, Sahu informed that the Ratlam division of the western railway has been spending Rs 30 to 35 lakh monthly on maintaining 120-odd coaches. The Ratlam depot also has a mechanised laundry to clean up over 1.5 tone of linen and blankets of air conditioned coaches daily, he said. An extension plan for the 710-metre shade at the depot is also on cards, Sahu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462287", "title": "Bangladeshi nationals in police custody", "text": "NASHIK: Eleven Bangladeshis, including seven women, who were arrested by the crime branch of the rural police, have been sent to police custody till Friday. While four Bangladeshis were nabbed on Sunday on charges of intrusion and staying in the country without a valid passport, seven more including a minor were arrested on Wednesday from the Kundewadi area.The police have pressed charges of Foreigners Act and Immoral Traffic Prevention Act on the accused. A couple of weeks ago, the women from Bangladesh were arrested from a brothel at Kundewadi in Musalgaon.During interrogation, the police chanced upon the four intruders identified as Mohammed Idail Khoka Miridha, 40, Shain Abdul Hashim Hawalad, 25, Jawarul Gulam Shaikh, 29, and Sujan Hasan Shaikh, 25.On March 10, the police had arrested four women-Alka Gangawane (47), Meera Gangawane (35), Maya Gangawane (30) and Phulyabai Gangawane (40)-for running a brothel at Kundewadi in Musalgaon.The police after producing them in the court had sought their custody but the magistrate remanded them in judicial custody. On March 24, they were again produced in the sessions court and they were remanded in police custody. On Thursday, the police produced a total of 41 women in the city court. However, only five of them were said to be accused, while the others were said to be victims forced into the business of flesh trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467099", "title": "Chiru suggests Tamannaah song", "text": "Bipasha Basu created ripples when she grooved to the song \"Bipasha\" in \" Jodi Breakers \". Similarly, Ileana too had a number from \"Snehitudu\" named after her.And now, the latest entry into the club is actor Tamannaah with the song, \"Dil Ki Tamannaah\" in the forthcoming film, \"Racha\".According to sources close to Ram Charan Tej's family, the idea to have a song named after the heroine was none other than Chiranjeevi's. Considering the popularity of such numbers, the Megastar suggested to have a number named after leading lady Tamannaah, who has a huge fan following in the state, thanks to her killer looks and acting talent.Sources claim that the makers of the film are trying their very best to milk the opportunities to get maximum eyeballs for their film, through their leading lady who will be paired with Charan for the first time.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12466150", "title": "Abducted man set free after 5 days", "text": "SILCHAR: Suspected Bru (Reang) militants freed Manaranjan Das (65), a retired employee of Shillong-based Apex Bank, on Wednesday night.Das, who was abducted from his home at Ghambhira Colony near Nivia in Karimganj district, was released at 10 pm. Sources said some unidentified people gave the news of his release to his family on the phone. Accordingly, they rushed to the remote Baliacherra locality and found that Das was walking through the jungles in darkness. The family members and villagers escorted him home.When police reached home after getting the news of his release, he was taken to Dullavcherra primary health centre for a check up. Das was visibly weak and was unable to talk. He is being treated by a local doctor at home. Police abstained from questioning him owing to his poor health.A source said Das will be admitted to Silchar Medical Collage and Hospital. \"He is unable to talk and have food. He is being administrated saline only,\" said his son Suman Das.Although a police officer claimed that his release was the result of intensive operation by security forces in the jungles along Patharia hills and Assam-Mizoram border, a source said militants released him after getting ransom.A group of 20 armed militants whisked him away at gunpoint at 8 pm from his home at Ghambhira Colony, 45 km from Karimganj town, last Friday.This part of Karimganj district is a favourite hunting ground of Bru militants who are engaged in extortions, kidnappings and killings for past one decade. Recently, at least seven Bru militants were killed in separate encounters with the Army in the Nivia locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463425", "title": "National Defence Academy to save 1,600 units of electricity", "text": "PUNE: The National Defence Academy (NDA) will observe the Earth Hour by shutting down all non-essential electric lights on its 8,000-plus acre campus from 8.30 pm to 9.30 pm on March 31 to save more than 1,600 units of electricity.Earth Hour is an annual global event organised by the World Wide Fund for Nature and is held on the last Saturday of March. Under the initiative, people are urged to turn off their non-essential lights and other electrical appliances for an hour at a designated time. The move is aimed at spreading awareness on the need for action to arrest climate change.In a statement issued here, NDA Commandant Lt Gen Jatinder Singh said they were trying to make cadets and other personnel conscious of the need to conserve energy.There are around one lakh electric lights - including small lamps and street lights - in and around the NDA campus. All the lights, except the ones required for security and medical facilities, will be switched off. A number of initiatives have already been put in place at the academy to maintain the green cover, reduce pollution and reduce carbon footprints.The more than 2,000 cadets use bicycles every day at all times to commute on the campus. The NDA is a no smoking, no horn and no plastic zone and there is also a ban on burning fossil fuel. A biogas plant has been installed for use in the cook houses of soldiers' mess, with an aim to dispose off waste in a scientific and reusable manner. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463460", "title": "House ransacked in Perungalathur; gold, cash missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified persons broke into the house of a widow in suburban Perungalathur on Wednesday and took away everything in it, police said. Even a moped and two cycles parked in the front were taken away, they said.In her complaint, Sasikala, 53, said a group of persons came to the house on Gandhi Street in two vans, broke in and took away every single piece item. She was away visiting one of her daughters in Royapettah, she said and added that she suspected the hand of her brother-in-law Nagarajan.Police said the house belonged to Nagarajan and that he had been asking Sasikala to vacate it as he had sold it to someone else. \"Everything had been taken away from the house,\" a police officer said.Sasikala had been living at the house since her husband Rajendra Babu, a former employee of the Chennai Harbour, passed away a couple of years ago, police said.Sasikala, whose two daughters are married and stay in different parts of the city, said she returned in the evening after visiting one of them and was shocked to see the door broken.She rushed in and found the house empty. \"About 30 sovereigns of gold and10,000 in cash along with my husband's pension papers and other documents were in the house when I left,\" Sasikala said.Police, after making inquiries, said that a group of persons came in two vans and told the neighbours that Sasikala was shifting to her daughter's house and that they had been asked to vacate the house on her behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465585", "title": "Handicraft exhibition fails to attract buyers", "text": "VARANASI: The artisans who have come down to the city from distant places with the hope of getting some direct marketing of their handicraft and handloom articles are bemoaning the lack of interest. The Handicrafts and Handloom Exhibition organised by the Uttar Pradesh Vyapar Prohatsahan Pradhikaran, Kanpur in association with Zila Udyog Kendra, Varanasi, at Urban Haat, Sanskritik Sankul (Cultural Complex) from March 26 to April 1 is failing to attract even an average number of customers.\"The place has become a picnic spot for young people who would come and enjoy the privacy of the place in the evening. The best buyers are in fact not even aware of such an exhibition taking place in their city,\" said Ameer Ahmed, an artisan from Saharanpur. Mukesh Kumar Yadav, leather artist from Kanpur, said: \"What was the purpose of setting up the exhibition during this month when most of the college students were busy in exams. Also, the salaried class is reluctant to visit the exhibition as it is month-end.\"It is noteworthy that the exhibition is being organised on the premises of the Urban Haat, which is adjacent to the temporary office of the Employment Exchange, Varanasi, at Sanskritik Sankul (Cultural Complex). Thousands of people are visiting the place to deposit and collect forms to register themselves as unemployed people. \"In spite of a huge crowd just adjacent to the exhibition ground, rarely a couple of women visit the exhibition in a day,\" rued Neelam, the daughter of a weaver.According to Durgesh Srivastava, a member of the organising team, all the arrangements for the advertisement have already been done; the crowd is expected to arrive on the closing day. Sunil Bhargava, deputy director, Directorate of Industries, Kanpur on the other hand said there was no particular reason of exhibitions. \"We recently organised a similar exhibition in Jhansi. The season of exams pertaining to the low crowd at the exhibition may be a reason, but proper advertisement is going to attract the crowd,\" he claimed.It is worth mentioning here that apart from the permanent stalls of Urban Haat, as many as 52 stalls have been installed in the exhibition. Handicraft articles like leather items, wood works, Madhubani paintings, stone and clay toys and artifacts, and handloom products like Banarasi saris, zari, zardozi, brocades, shawls, woolens, scarves, along with home made processed food like jam, jelly's, honey and pickles are on display at the week-long exhibition which will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462978", "title": "JNU student faces racial slur, man held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old JNU student faced racial discrimination by an east Delhi resident at the premises. The girl, a native of Ladakh, had left her hostel late at night to withdraw cash from an ATM when the accused started passing lewd comments at her. The accused, identified as Rajesh, was driving his Swift car at the time of incident.According to police, the girl objected to Rajesh's behaviour, at which he started passing racial remarks at her. Rajesh, a resident of Vikaspuri in west Delhi, was later arrested.The incident took place on JNU campus on Tuesday at around 11pm, sources said. Rajesh pulled over his car near the girl, sources said, and asked her what was she doing at the campus so late. The girl tried to ignore him but he started passing lewd comments. The girl threatened to raise an alarm and call the cops. To this, Rajesh began abusing her with racist slurs and soon escaped.The girl immediately dialed 100 and provided the car number to the police.Rajesh was soon arrested following a written complaint by the girl. \"We have registered a case of outraging a girl's modesty under section 509 of IPC and the accused has been arrested. We are further investigating the matter,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462179", "title": "Rs 240 crore allocated to Nashik district plan", "text": "NASHIK: The state government in its budget for 2012-13 has allocated Rs 240 crore to Nashik district plan. The move comes after deputy chief minister and finance minister Ajit Pawar, at a meeting held on January 6 here, had approved the plan.The Rs 240-crore plan includes a provision of Rs 40 crore for road development, Rs 24 crore for minor irrigation, Rs 18 crore for tourism development and Rs 6 crore for anganwadi development.The annual development plan for Nashik district has seen a 20% rise for 2012-13 from the Rs 200 crore allotted in the financial year 2011-12.Nashik is the second district after Pune to get the maximum fund for the district development plan. While Pune has been allocated Rs 309 crore, Thane district has received Rs 225 crore for the district development plan.Earlier in the January meeting, the finance minister had only approved Rs 205 crore for Nashik district. But district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal intervened and urged him to give more funds saying apart from the city, villages were also increasing and the fund approved was inadequate for development of the entire district.Convinced, Pawar had agreed to allocate Rs 240 crore for the district's development, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463845", "title": "CID inquiry into forged proposals in legislature", "text": "MUMBAI: A CID inquiry has been ordered to probe how proposals with forged signatures of legislators are being submitted to the state legislature.Legislative Council chairman Shivaji Deshmukh said during the last legislative session, he had received around 25 proposals for discussions which bore forged signatures. \"Since these were discovered in time, we did not take them up for discussion ,\" he said.On Thursday, however, a complaint by Shiv Sena legislator Neelam Gorhe led Deshmukh to order the probe.The issue came to light when the legislative secretariat sought to confirm from Gorhe if two proposals-one pertaining to Mumbai and the other to Thane-had been submitted by her office. She was also asked to verify the signature on the papers.Since the beginning of the current session, to stop the malpractice, legislators have been asked to submit the issues they want to raise in the House on their letterheads or on the form issued by the secretariat.Gorhe said the two notices for a 30-minute discussion on a slum issue and another against an Independent elected member were written in the official format. \"This indicates that whoever forged the letter is well aware of the process and functioning of the legislature. It is not just my signature that was forged, even the signatures of other members as co-proposers , namely Parshuram Uparkar and Kiran Pawaskar, were forged,\" she said.Pawaskar alleged it was the handiwork of some government employees and the issue needed to be probed.Deshmukh advised legislators not to sign any documents for submission to the House without reading. Often, legislators sign up for questions and calling attention motions raised by colleagues .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463756", "title": "Stink-free sectors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a new initiative to improve the garbage collection system of the city, Chandigarh municipal corporation is going to start door to door collection of garbage in Sector 22 and directly dump it in garbage processing plant or dumping ground. The exercise will first start on experimental basis in Sector 22 from April 16, and rest of the city will follow later.According to the fresh plan, the authorities plan to hire a contractor for collecting waste from each house. The residents will have to pay nominal charges to the contractor which will be decided by the civic body later. Area councillor and former city mayor Pardeep Chhabra said, \"We are initiating a new system of garbage collection from April 16. In this new initiative, waste and other insanitary material would be directly sent out of the city at a proper place instead of dumping somewhere in the residential area or Sehaj Safai Kendras (SSK). Besides, in few sectors, SSKs are yet to be constructed and contractors or residents of these areas are throwing garbage in open, leading to the foul smell in the area.\"An official of the civic body revealed that through this system, waste will reach the garbage processing plant and thus rag pickers will not be able to segregate the garbage and collect usable material. The plant authorities have been complaining that due to segregation by the rag pickers they don't get proper garbage to make pallets for their use.The present system of garbage collection was largely not acceptable to the residents of various areas. The residents of city complain that Sehaj Safai Kendras (SSK), constructed in residential areas, spread stink and create insanitary conditions. In some parts of the city, people were seen resisting the construction of SSKs with the view that it would create insanitary conditions.Appreciating the new initiative, Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15, said, \"In the prevailing system after garbage is dumped in SSK, MC vehicles don't come on regular basis to collect waste out of city. The accumulated waste stinks in residential areas. The new system might give us relief, but the rates of collection should be nominal.\"While in Panchkula, residents have been hiring their personal garbage collectors who collect garbage from each residence and throw it near the dumping ground. There are around two to three garbage collectors in one locality. \"We have hired our personal garbage collector who comes in the morning and collects waste from all houses in our locality. But the situation becomes unmanageable when the garbage collector is on leave as the garbage keeps lying around and we are forced to throw it in common bins,\" said Amar Raina, a resident of Sector 5, Mansa Devi Complex, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465835", "title": "Police begin crackdown on teenage drivers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Following the death of five young drivers in past 48 hours, the police on Thursday launched a drive to check underage driving at three spots in the city - Police Line crossing, Rana Pratap crossing and Civil Lines.Traffic Inspector Indrapal Singh admitted that underage driving is becoming a serious problem. He added that more than 13,000 challans were issued last year. Of these, 380 were issued to underage drivers, but it has failed to rein in ineligible drivers.On Wednesday, three students between 10 and 14 years were killed in a road accident on Allahabad-Phulpur highway when their bike collided with a speeding truck in Jhunsi. Two students were killed in another road accident in Mauaima.Officials say besides ignoring traffic rules, underage drivers also drive recklessly on roads, endangering their as well as lives of other road users. This year, police have issued 53 challans.The traffic police has also decided to rope in educational institutions to spread awareness among teenage drivers.Scores of young students can be seen driving four-wheelers or two-wheelers without seat belts and helmets. Many of these drivers are below the age of 17.Singh said, \"The traffic department has launched a drive against underage driving and the cops would also be summoning parents. Police officials are of the view that parents are also responsible to keep a check on underage driving.According to the Motor Vehicle Act, an underage driver is punishable under Section 180. The offence is punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three months, or with fine which may extend to Rs 1,000 or with both.As for the underage driver, action will be taken under section 181 of the Act, which entails punishment with imprisonment for a term extending up to three months, or with fine up to Rs 500 or with both.On Wednesday, three students between 10 and 14 years were killed in a road accident on Allahabad-Phulpur highway when their bike collided with a speeding truck in Jhunsi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12464233", "title": "HC orders Rs 9.7 lakh grant to victim\u2019s family", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the city corporation to pay compensation to a woman who lost her husband due to negligence of the civic body in maintaining the electricity system.The petitioner, Thanapandiammal stated that her husband Dhinakaran was working as a cook in Chennai Sweets and Coffee Bar situated on Melamasi Street, Madurai. On April 23, 2009 he went to attend nature's call near an electric post and was electrocuted. Later, she submitted a representation before the commissioner of Madurai corporation and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board ( TNEB), praying for compensation.Disposing the petition, Justice K K Sasidharan directed the corporation commissioner to pay a sum of Rs 9.7 lakh to the woman with interest at the rate of 6% from August 9, 2010. The commissioner was further directed to pay a sum of Rs 8,000 towards costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465845", "title": "UP Board orders re-exam at 32 centres", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the total number of examinees caught using unfair means in the ongoing UP Board examination reaching a shocking figure of 2,953, including 2,039 boys and 914 girls, harried UP Board authorities have now ordered re-examination at 32 centres on charges of mass copying.The development has cast doubt over the sanctity of the examinations, considered to be the world's biggest public school exams in terms of students.What is shocking is the fact that re-examination has been ordered at centres where mass copying has been reported in high school exams only, which means that the newly introduced exercise of internal assessment, in line with the system of Continued and Comprehensive Education (CCE) adopted by CBSE, has virtually no impact and copying has become a part and parcel of Board exams.Moreover, the novel strategy of distributing coded answer books in some sensitive districts also seems to have paid very little dividend given the large-scale copying being reported from these districts.Among the divisions, Aligarh leads the table with a total of 494 examinees, followed by Agra with 332 and Gorakhpur with 266. The Allahabad division, housing the headquarters of UP Board, is also not lagging far behind with a whopping figure of 230 examinees caught using unfair means.Till now, the Board has lodged FIR against 53 examinees on various charges and against 13 centre superintendants and 23 invigilators while efforts are on to tighten the noose around other officials indulging in similar practices, informed a senior UP Board official.Among the centres where re-examination has been ordered, six are in Etah, three each in Allahabad, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Azamgarh and Maharjgunj and two each in Ballia, Aligarh and Mathura.On the other hand, re-examination has been ordered at one examination centre each in Shahjahanpur, Mainpuri, Firozabad, Kanshiram Nagar, Jaunpur, Jalaun and Pilibhit.All the above centres had come under the scanner of Board authorities on charges of mass copying in high school examinations, forcing the Board the cancel the papers and conduct re-examination.Meanwhile, on the eleventh day of examination, high school examinees appeared in papers of Hindi and Elementary Hindi in the morning shift.On the other hand, their intermediate counterparts appeared in Vocal Music, Instrumental Music and Classical Dance in the morning shift and Zoology second paper and Book Keeping and Accounting second paper in the afternoon shift.However, despite repeated efforts the new director, Secondary Education, Basudeo Yadav, was not available for comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463268", "title": "Now, Ericsson hit by job racket", "text": "GURGAON: A fake recruitment scam concerning Ericsson India Ltd has been unearthed after a complaint by the company that many were being sent \"job offer letters\" drafted on the letterhead of the MNC along with its logo.The police have registered an FIR on the statement of the company's director (HR) against unknown persons. However, no arrests have been made so far. According to the police, Sandeep Pal, director (HR) of EIL, filed a complaint some days ago about the recruitment fraud in their company's name and the case was being investigated by the economic offences wing (EOW) of Gurgaon police.In the complaint, Pal said that some people calling themselves recruitment agents of EIL were advertising and issuing bogus appointment letters and fraudulently collecting fees from gullible candidates. He said that in one case reported to them, a candidate was made an offer from the hacked email ID of a senior officer of EIL. When the candidate replied, the mail went to the officer's mail box, thereby calling the bluff of the fraudsters.When the duped candidate was questioned, she revealed that two people identifying themselves as Naveen and Anand had called from their mobiles. In another incident reported from Lucknow, candidates were receiving calls from a consultant named Anitesh.The EIL HR director clarified in his compalaint that the company does not charge any fee in any form for the recruitment process. After the investigation by the EOW, the complaint was found to be true. \"We have no information on how much money was taken by the agent from the candidates,\" said Inspector Jungsher, SHO, DLF II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468449", "title": "Bash for DJ Savyo", "text": "Friends and well-wishers of DJ Savyo had a bash at the launch of a soundtrack composed by him for a Bollywood movie.A live performance by Savyo was followed by a question-answer session.On the guest list were music enthusiasts and other personalities from the entertainment industry.We also spotted anchor Ranjini Haridas chilling out at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462216", "title": "Two arrested for stealing car parts from employer", "text": "NASHIK: Two Mahindra &amp; Mahindra employees have been arrested for stealing parts of a vehicle. The Satpur police have arrested Abhijeet Jadhav (19) and Ashish Baste (29) for stealing electrical parts worth Rs 27,000 from the vehicle. In the complaint filed by Yuvraj Bhat at the Satpur police station, Jadhav and Baste had stolen the goods from the Mahindra plant and thrown them over the compound wall around 11.30pm on Tuesday. They were caught red-handed with the goods while they were on their way home after completing their shift.Goods worth 2.8L stolen: Goods worth over Rs 2.75 lakh were reported stolen in three different house break-ins. Goods and jewellery amounting to Rs 1.78 lakh were stolen from a house at Talathi Colony, Tarwala Nagar. A complaint has been filed by Nilesh Borse.In another incident, cash and jewellery worth Rs 36,000 were stolen on March 28 from a flat in the Dindori Road area of the city. Dr Ravindra Mulak of Gururaj Apartment, Dindori Road had lodged the complaint. In one more incident, goods worth Rs 40,500 were stolen from a flat at of Madhuri Theme of Mayeshwar Row House,Prashant Nagar, Nashik. The burglary happened on the night of March 27.Meanwhile, in a theft at Bodhale Nagar, Nashik, burglars entered an open flat on March 27 and stole cash and a mobile phone, amounting to Rs 18,950. Dinesh Yevle said that he was sleeping in the flat when the theft occurred.Motorbike theft: A motorcycle worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen by Avinash Sahebrao Dhole, a Deolaligaon resident. According to the complaint filed with Upanagar police station, the bike was parked in the parking lot of Vijay Apartments at Anand Nagar, Upanagar on Tuesday night.The theft was discovered on Wednesday morning. The Upanagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12465972", "title": "Drama magic survives in Vadodara, but vibrancy a far cry", "text": "Vadodara: Dubbed the cultural capital of Gujarat, Vadodara recently celebrated World Theatre Day with great fanfare. Some plays in Hindi and Gujarati were staged by a couple of theatre groups. However, the scenario was in stark contrast to the days when plays used to be organized in the city round the year by a dozen-odd vibrant theatre groups. What has amused theatre veterans is that while the number of plays being staged in the city has gone up in the last few years, there are not many drama groups left.The disparity is being attributed to the influx of plays from outside. The fact that audiences flock these plays shows that the demand for theatre still exists. However, playwrights and directors from the city feel that the shows brought from Mumbai focus solely on entertainment and hence attract audience.\"Till 1990s, the theatre scenario was vibrant in the city as there were 10 active local theatre groups. The plays used to raise several contemporary and serious topics. We used to get good audience. But over last one decade, the viability of such playgroups has shrunk due to financial issues and dwindling interest in serious plays,\" said P S Chaari, general secretary of Triveni, a playgroup. Triveni recently staged a show 'Dak Ghar' that was directed by Chaari.Prabhakar Dabhade, head of department of dramatics, M S University said, \"The taste of people has changed over last couple of decades. People now prefer comedy and entertaining plays. Hence, the groups bringing in comedy Gujarati shows from Mumbai are in demand. Also, the rent of auditoriums and cost of production have gone up significantly. The small time local groups find it difficult to survive.\" He added that his department has revived the Satur Theatre wherein the department students stage play in auditorium every Saturday.Currently, three theatre groups - Triveni, Baroda Amateurs Dramatic Club and Mangalmurti Group - organize regular plays apart from MSU's dramatics department. But, contemporary theatre lovers would be surprised to know that between 1950s and 1980s over 16 theatre groups, started by local artistes, staged dozens of plays every year.Encouraged by Sayajirao Gaekwad III, the erstwhile Baroda state had several famed theatre groups including Gandharva Natak Mandali. Talented local artistes had formed theatre groups like Nutan Sanskar Kendra, Trimurti, Natya Vihar, Bhartiya Kala Kendra and Universal Art Forum in the 1950s. The vibrant theatre culture continued for decades to come as groups like Rangavali (1974), Kashunk, Vishkambhak, Aakar Theatre (1980), Intimate, Jayashree Kala Niketan and Navchetan staged a number of hit plays.Even English plays saw a packed audience. Shakespeare Society formed in 1952 by MSU's English department staged many English shows apart from Playhouse formed in 1980s. Both the groups have stopped functioning. \"People now want to see famous faces so local artistes seldom attract good audience. Also, auditorium rents have become expensive which reduces viability of English plays made by locals. There is no active English theatre group in the city now,\" said author Rani Dharker, who has directed several English plays in the past.The new groups - about seven of them - that bring in theatre shows from Mumbai, though, have a different take. \"The Mumbai-based playgroups are professionals and they produce quality plays. In contrast, most artistes from Vadodara do theatre as a hobby. Also, the audiences now want to see comedy plays starring well-known faces. Ours is a commercially viable group,\" said Dhaivat Joshipura of Stagecraft that has been bringing in Gujarati plays to the city for the last 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461756", "title": "Antony talks tough, says will cancel 'murky\u2019 deals", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will not hesitate for a moment to cancel any defence deal, even if it's in the final stages of finalization after technical and commercial evaluations, if any malpractice or corruption is found in it.With murky wheeling and dealing in arms deals again resurfacing after Army chief General V K Singh's allegations as well as some unsubstantiated charges of irregularities in the $20-billion MMRCA project doing the rounds, defence minister A K Antony on Thursday made it clear that action would be taken even if the contract had already been inked.India, said Antony, had enough safeguards like the \"integrity pact\" to protect its \"interests and money\" in already-inked contracts worth over Rs 100 crore. \"We will take strong action if any malpractice, corruption or lobbying is established...there will be no mercy, there is zero-tolerance for corruption,\" he said while speaking at the inauguration of the 'DefExpo-2012' here.As for the MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project, under which final commercial negotiations are now being held to acquire 126 French Rafale fighters after elimination of other contenders, Antony said an inquiry was being conducted into an MP's complaint of alleged wrongdoings in it since the government has to be \"careful\" at every stage to ensure \"no foul play\".Two of the 15 members in the defence ministry's Contract Negotiation Committee (CNC) have questioned the methods adopted to conclude that Rafale was cheaper than Eurofighter Typhoon in lifecycle costs.\"But the matter was resolved, with the observations of the two being recorded...all committees face dissent from one or more members...it does not mean the process will come to a stop,\" said a senior official.Antony said the CNC would take at least six months to conclude. Then, there will several layers of scrutiny at different levels, ranging from finance to the Cabinet Committee of Security, to vet the deal.\"We do not throw any complaint into the dustbin. There is a parallel inquiry also going on to inquire into the MP's complaint. If we are satisfied that there is no foul play, then only will we go forward...We will proceed only if everything is clear,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464151", "title": "CM for ban on stone quarrying", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has favoured a ban on stone-quarrying activities in the state.Replying to a special debate on illegal mining, the CM informed the state assembly on Thursday the licences already issued for mining purposes would not be renewed. He also announced constitution of an inter-department committee, to be headed by development commissioner, to look into the legislations concerned and suggest amendments to put a blanket ban on mining and stone-quarrying activities in Bihar. The committee will comprise principal secretaries of mines, environment and forest, water resources, minor irrigation, road constructionand tourism departments as well as representatives of other organizations.The CM said a helpline would be set up in either mines or police department where people could lodge complaints about illegal stone quarrying. A task force would also be constituted to entertain complaints in this regard, he said, adding 21 of the 38 sanctioned posts of mining inspector were vacant. The vacancies will be filled up on contract basis for the time being, he said.Referring to the Barabar hills, he told the house he was informed about the cracks in the caves due to mining. \"I have ordered the officials concerned to immediately stop mining. If I had my way, I would have ordered blanket ban but there are some legal hurdles,\" he said and added limited and historically important hills would not be allowed to be destroyed for construction work and construction materials would be brought from outside Bihar.He said the government had brought illegal quarrying under the ambit of economic offences and police filed chargesheet in eight of the 13 cases registered so far. \"We will demolish the illegal quarrying business in the same way as we destroyed the kidnapping industry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465788", "title": "Truck hits bike, 1 killed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 40-year-old man was killed and his daughter injured when their bike was hit by a speeding truck in Naini on Thursday.The deceased was identified as Mohd Idris, a resident of Benipur.He was going to drop his daughter at a centre where she had to appear in UP Board exams.His daughter was admitted to a hospital where her condition was stated to be out of danger. Idris' body was sent for postmortem.In another road accident, a 60-year-old pedestrian was killed when he was hit by a speeding vehicle near Bahadurganj under Mutthiganj police station on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "weight ganj", "code": "12467102", "title": "A doctora s love with philately", "text": "WEIGHT GANJ: When one looks at Sanjeev Mehta's collection of stamps, the hard work put through his passionate 35 years is evident by the mere variety of stamps he has stocked. Inspired by his father Inder Nath Mehta's collection of the currency released by British India government, Sanjeev, who is 47-year-old now, got hitched to philately at the age of 12.Sanjeev, a Weight Ganj resident, recalls it was in 1980 that he gained membership of Ludhiana philately club and opened an account at the post office. \"I was quite young then, but I never missed any philately exhibitions organized in Ludhiana as I got an opportunity to learn from senior stamp collectors of the city,\" he says.Sanjeev's collection includes stamps released by Indian government from 1947 to till date along with stamps of Germany, Nepal, USA, Canada, Japan, UK and other countries and a variety of currency notes too. He has classified his collection further, dividing them in categories such as prey birds, flowers, animals and World War II and national leaders among others.A doctor by profession, Sanjeev says he never misses to add an exceptional stamp to his collection whenever he spots it. His many pen friends from different countries and the internet help him keep his collection growing. \"I have visited many philately exhibitions in Amritsar, Jalandhar, Patiala and New Delhi,\" he adds.Sanjeev has also been collecting currency notes since the 80's decade and has single currency notes of more than 125 countries today. \"This collection too is close to my heart and I love showing it to my friends,\" he adds.Sanjeev says his wife Urvashi and son Bhuvan lend a helping hand in broadening his collection as they do not miss to get a stamp or currency note whenever they spot it. \"His collection is an impressive one. Whenever I am free, I go through his collection and feel proud about it,\" says Urvashi, with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462786", "title": "More Chinese investments in India soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: China has committed to facilitating Indian exports into Chinese markets to address the yawning trade imbalance between the two countries. Chinese president Hu Jintao said this to Manmohan Singh in his hour-long meeting with the PM at the end of the BRICS summit on Thursday. This will be Hu's last summit as Chinese president. In return, the PM invited Chinese investment in manufacturing and infrastructure projects in India. Chinese companies are kept out of several strategic sectors, but there is a significant change in the Indian government's approach to Chinese investment.With the two leaders kicking off a year of friendship celebrations, the overwhelming sense from the meeting was that the two nations are determined to get along, despite many difficulties and differences of outlook. Singh and Hu announced \"expanded\" foreign office consultations, and launched three new dialogues with China - on West Asia, Central Asia and Africa. India and China pursue markedly different policies in Africa , though with the same stated aims.Signaling that economics is the driver of the bilateral ties, the chairman of China's National Development and Reform Commission, Zhang Ping held a meeting simultaneously with Montek Singh Ahluwalia, deputy chairman of Planning Commission, to take forward the Strategic Economic Dialogue that has emerged as the most important interaction between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463295", "title": "Abducted Metro engineer rescued in Melkote", "text": "BANGALORE: KR Shivanand, deputy chief engineer of the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd, was abducted by his cab driver and his three friends on Wednesday night for a ransom of Rs 50 lakh but was rescued within hours by cops in Melkote in Pandavapura taluk of Mandya district.The main accused, driver Jayanth Kumar, was arrested but his three accomplices slipped away under the cover of darkness.Shivanand, who has been the planning, purchasing and projects division for two years, is a resident of Shanthinagar. This is the second kidnapping of a Shanthinagar resident in as many days. Jeweller Nitish Behra had been kidnapped on Tuesday night and was found murdered the next day.Jayanth was Shivanand's regular driver. Apparently he thought that Shivanand would be earning a lot of money and plotted with his friends Mubarak, Mulla and Kalyan Kumar to abduct him from the city around 8pm. They bundled Shivanand into a car and sped towards Melkote. They threatened Shivanand and told him they'd kill him if he didn't mobilise Rs 50 lakh as ransom.\"Jayanth is Shivanand's regular driver of the cab (Tata Indica-KA 50-2011). The culprits snatched his 40-gm gold chain and three ATM cards,\" police sources said. Shivanand's family lodged a missing person complaint with Wilson Garden police.Around 3am, the abductors were driving near Jakkanahalli when two constables stopped the car. \"Their suspicious behavior made the policemen look inside the car. In the back seat, they found Shivanand gagged and bound. Sensing the game was up, three kidnappers fled and Jayanth was arrested,\" police sources said.Joint commissioner of police (Crime-east) B Dayanand told TOI, \"All we know is that the victim has been rescued by Melkote police.\"Killer cabbiesOn February 8, 2012, a Visakhapatnam-based businessman Manoj Kumar Grandhi, 45, was allegedly killed by three cabbies on his way to the airport. Grandhi's cabbie, Ravi Kumar, who had been engaged to take him around the city during his stay here, had noticed the businessman was carrying Rs 3-crore worth diamonds and jewels. Ravi Kumar and his two colleagues later killed Grandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463537", "title": "Chennai port terminal shuts ops to clear cargo backlog", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai port has suspended vessel operations at the main terminal till Monday after being badly hit by back-to-back strikes and increasing pile-up of containers. According to official sources, nearly 8,000 containers are now inside the port.\"If we continue the operations, the container storage will exceed the limits. It will take at least four days for the normalcy to return. So we decided the hold back the vessels till April 2 until we clear the pending cargo,\" a port official said.The Chennai Container Terminal Limited (CCTL), one of the two container terminals at the port, has decided to stop all operations on Thursday after the clash between a transport staffer and Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) personnel.CCTL is the major container terminal at the Chennai port, while the second terminal is maintaining routine operations.Chaos has ruled the port since Saturday last when transport clerks followed by container truck drivers struck work for different reasons. The strike was following the arrest of a truck driver for wrong delivery of a consignment and the manual checking of each container by customs delayed the process further.Though the agencies and the department concerned have tried to settle the strike, it went on till Thursday resulting in a large pile-up of containers. The flash strike of transport clerks was withdrawn on Thursday afternoon after a discussion among CISF, transporters and terminal authorities.Due to the suspension, at least six vessels will have to wait in the outer anchorage till Monday. Port officials said a few vessels bound for Chennai have already cancelled their trips. Chennai port handles three to five vessels a day in its two container terminals. Vamsi Reddy, a freight operator based in Chennai, said the main terminal has been closed for clearing up the pending cargo. Port officials said they will have to bring down the container storage to 3,500 from 8,000 for normal operations and clearances.\"The allowed cargo carting period of three days and clearances of cargo documents (normally 800-1,000 bills are cleared in a day) will play a major role in improving the situation. Once we start operations, we will permit berthing two vessels at a time,\" said the official.\"If bad roads and poor connectivity trouble us outside the port, shortage of customs staff delays the clearance of documents inside,\" said a customs house agent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12463220", "title": "Govt coffers brim as real estate generates Rs 1,700 crore revenue", "text": "NOIDA: The real estate sector has turned out to be a lucrative proposition for Gautam Budh Nagar. The department of stamps and registration of the district has collected over Rs 1,700 crore as revenue from properties registered in the financial year 2011-12 in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway.The largest chunk of the revenue accrued from property registration in Noida, followed Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway. \"In terms of numbers though, maximum properties were registered from Greater Noida, followed by Noida,\" said AIG (Stamps), SN Rai. \"However, Noida scored in earnings as property sizes were larger as compared to Greater Noida. We had set a target of Rs 1,707 crore for the financial year 2011-12. We expect a few more registrations by March 31,\" added Rai.In the last financial year, the department had collected revenue worth Rs 1,527 crore from the district.The state government is expected to earn more in the next financial year as property registration is expected to be even higher as a large number of real estate projects are in the pipeline in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway. A large number of residential properties would be registered once work on housing projects in Noida Extension resumes.A part of the revenue this year has accrued from a scheme launched in November, 2011, by the erstwhile BSP government. The scheme was open to around 35,000 property owners who had been allotted properties in different categories by the three authorities of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway, but their registration has not been done.The scheme came as a breather for many allottees who had bought properties several years back as they were given an opportunity to pay stamp duties in proportion to their allotment rates rather than at prevalent circle rates which have grown several-fold over the past years. \"Revenue between Rs 100-150 crore has been accrued through this scheme,\" said Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462838", "title": "Panel to look into mistakes in class XII maths question paper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has decided to form an expert committee to look into the issue of mistakes in the class XII mathematics question paper.A bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala decided to form the committee on Friday after a teacher Dhirubhai Patel filed a PIL through advocate Digant Popat challenging the HSC exam conducted on March 14. The petitioner has challenged it because there were mistakes in seven questions that were of 12 marks in all.The petitioner also requested the court that there could be a re-examination of mathematics for the current batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462714", "title": "Fear of China scuttles move for BRICS bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: BRICS nations on Thursday decided to examine the viability of a development bank for developing countries, besides agreeing to make it a little simpler for those trading within the group by settling transactions in local currency.But in both cases, the outcome fell short of expectations as four members - India, Russia, Brazil and South Africa - seemed to fear the clout that China would enjoy if the proposal to set up a bank and move to a single currency went through.As a result, finance ministers have been tasked to study the feasibility of a multilateral agency modeled on the lines of the World Bank or the Asian Development Bank to generate resources for funding infrastructure and core sector projects in the BRICS nations as well as other emerging economies. The idea is also to ensure adequate financing during a period of global economic uncertainty. The joint working group will submit a report at the next meeting, a joint declaration said.On the issue of making credit available, the five countries signed a master agreement to ensure that purchases from the other members of the groups are settled in local currency. Although the stated goal is to boost trade within the group by cutting down on transaction cost, the move is being seen as a step towards replacing dollar as the main currency of trade. Once the arrangement is in place, funds routed through the five designated banks, an Indian buyer can make the payment to a Chinese supplier in yuan instead of first converting the rupee into dollars and then reconverting it into the Chinese currency.Although the summit may have ended a little short of expectations on the overall substance, the five countries were not short of words. They blamed the US and Europe for generating excessive liquidity in the global financial system as part of their strategy to boost local economic activity. On Wednesday, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff had said that the steps taken in the developed countries had created \"monetary tsunami\" as most BRICS nations had to initiate measures to check excessive volatility in capital flows and commodity prices. \"It is critical for advanced economies to adopt responsible macro-economic and financial policies, avoid creating excessive global liquidity and undertake structural reforms to lift growth that create jobs,\" the Delhi Declaration said.Times ViewBrics has so far been nothing but a catchy phrase under whose umbrella leaders from the five global powers meet for little more than photo opportunities. With the five members competing for investment and trade opportunities and a place on the global high table, the group whose name was coined by Goldman Sachs a few years ago has little to show by way of concrete measures. Be it currency, where China has sensitivities, or commodities, a key area of interest for Russia and Brazil, Brics members can only agree to disagree on most things. They have not been able to even finalise a candidate for top jobs at the World Bank or the IMF. The summit in Delhi presented the leaders of the five countries an opportunity to disprove such an assessment, but this must go down as another largely wasted chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468315", "title": "Anoop is just a dear friend, says Meghana Raj", "text": "The setting is perfect for a romantic number - the pristine locales of Athirapally, waterfalls, rain and a hit jodi steaming up a sensuous song.Actress Meghana Raj was shooting the song sequence in director Aji John's \" Namukku Parkkaan\" when we quizzed her about her alleged link-up with co-star Anoop Menon, with whom she shared a sparkling chemistry in the recent hit, \" Beautiful\".\"Anoop is a dear friend; nothing more, nothing less. It's probably the good rapport we share on and off screen that has spurred all such rumours,\" Meghana begins, going on a denial mode. \"Let people brand our relationship the way they want. As professionals, we know where we stand and how to react to gossip.\"Even as Meghana clears the air about the hottest rumour in Mollywood, the duo is shooting their second film together. \"\"Namukku Parkkaan\" is a family drama that plots the story of a couple's struggles to build a house of their own. The character I play is every man's dream wife, one who supports her husband through thick and thin.\"Anoop has penned the songs in the film. Will go on to be another super hit number like Mazhaneer Thullikal (\"Beautiful\")? \"I'm hoping it will! Quite surprisingly, it rained during the shoot and the song has come out splendid.\"There's more. Anoop and Meghana come together again in director K Madhu's \" Banking Hours 10 to 4\". The suspense thriller that has her playing a cop will mark her third film with Anoop. \"We are pally off-screen too. Anoop is chilled out even in pressure-packed times. I really appreciate it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468593", "title": "Amala Paul to pair with Mohanlal", "text": "Director Joshiy will soon start his next Mollywood flick with Mohanlal. The yet-to-be-titled movie will see the superstar essay the role of a cameraman with a news channel.It will also see Amala Paul pairing up with the veteran actor for the first time. She will play the role of a senior editor of the news channel.\"Yes, Amala has agreed to do the role. The movie is going to be a thriller,\" says the director.\"This will be different from Joshiy's earlier movies. It will have more humour in it,\" says scriptwriter Sachi.The shoot will start in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12466022", "title": "Prominent district BJP leader joins MJP", "text": "Vadodara: Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) got a shot in the arm in Vadodara district with Jaykant Patel, a prominent local BJP leader, joining it on Thursday. Patel has also been made the state general secretary of the party.Patel had been pushed to the sidelines by the BJP. The last major post he held was that of chairman of Sardar Co-operative Sugar Industries Ltd at Ladhod and Vadodara District Co-operative Sugarcane Growers Union Ltd at Gandhara.Patel said that the party was keen on increasing its presence in Gujarat including central Gujarat. He is expected to play a key role in the party's plans in central Gujarat. \"We are expecting that other prominent leaders in the state will join us soon,\" he said.Patel said he was feeling suffocated and ignored in the BJP and hence had to take the decision of joining MJP. \"The BJP has become a party dominated by a single man,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468651", "title": "Tusshar to work with Chalo Dilli director?", "text": "Tusshar Kapoor has been getting a lot of interesting offers post Dirty Picture. But the actor isn't in any hurry to sign them. Latest we heard was that the actor had been offered to play a lead role in director Shahshant Shah's forthcoming film.Shashant is known for films like Dasvidaniya and Chalo Dilli. His forthcoming movie is yet-to-be titled and will supposedly start by the end of this year. Vinay Pathak who has been doing key roles in his films will be a part of this one too.Tusshar is currently working on Kya Super Kool Hai Hum and Shoot Out At Wadala. When asked about Shashant's film, Tusshar informed us that he hasn't signed the film. Well, let's wait and watch what happens to this proposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462460", "title": "16 cops get life terms for fake encounter in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Twenty years after a case of staged shootout, a CBI court in Ghaziabad on Thursday held 17 policemen guilty and sentenced 16 of them to life imprisonment, making it perhaps the largest number of cops convicted for life at one go in the country. They were convicted of killing an alleged Sikh militant, Jaivender Singh Jasna of Amritsar, in a fake encounter in 1992.One of them was given a seven-year sentence. All 17 were fined Rs 5,000 each.Jasna, a \"sewadar\" (worker) at Gurdwara Rakabganj in New Delhi, was gunned down by a team of 17 policemen in Bardpur, Bijnore, on October 31, 1992.The police claimed that an AK-56 rifle and 24 cartridges were recovered from Jasna, a sewadar at Gurdwara Rakabganj in New Delhi, when he was gunned down by a team of 17 policemen in Bijnore in October 1992. They suspected he was handling Sikh militancy in the Terai region of UP.Out of the 17 cops, 16 were given life term on Thursday. The only comparable instance of such mass convictions took place in Nagpur. Eight people were convicted for massacring a Dalit family in 2006-six of them got death sentences and two life imprisonment. In July 2010, the convictions of six of them, who were given death, were commuted to life.The Ghaziabad CBI court order, a rarity, only underscores UP's dubious distinction of recording the largest number of fake encounters in the country, with one police officer saying it was higher than in insurgency-hit states like Manipur, J&K;, and Chattisgarh. Given the recovery of an AK-56 rifle supposedly from Jasna, the FIR lodged in connection with the encounter with Bardapur police under Sections 307 of the IPC and Section 25 of the Arms Act also included sections 3/4 of TADA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12467030", "title": "Delegates visit Punjab Agricultural University", "text": "LUDHIANA: A three-member delegation from Agricultural Leadership Foundation (ALF), California, USA, visited Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) on Thursday, to have a basic understanding of Indian agriculture, to promote agricultural leadership in California and to build a strong relationship among the agriculturists of both the nations.The delegation interacted with the registrar, deans, directors and additional directors of the PAU. The delegates said only two per cent of Californian population is involved in agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12467004", "title": "BlackBerry moms connect for childcare", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Neha Aggarwal, a childbirth educator and nutritionist, wants new mothers to enjoy their role and at the same time, perform it with perfection. To help them with motherhood and childcare, she has made a BlackBerry messenger group.Neha, who is in her 20s, said, \"Last year in April, I gave birth to a baby, Aayaan. As a professional, I have studied about motherhood and childcare. But after I experienced it, I gained more knowledge about these. And while going through the various stages of motherhood and childcare, I thought of starting a BlackBerry messenger group for the new mothers. And in July 2011, the group was set up and soon it had 30 members.\"So, what drove her to start it. \"I wanted to offer a common platform to the new mothers where they could discuss anything and everything. Today, they thrash out everything: changes women undergo during motherhood, how to overcome anxiety and how to deal with certain problems, like baby feeling uncomfortable, its food and clothes.\"The group also educates them on benefits of breast feeding, weaning food, various stages of child from crawling to walking and baby products available in the market. As a member posts a query, she gets a reply not only from Neha, but from other members too.Charu Garg of Sarabha Nagar, mother of seven-month-old Riyaan and a group member, said, \"I wanted to know about semi-solid food that I could give to my son. As I did not want to go to a doctor for this small query, I posted it there. Instantly, I got replies from many members who suggested that I give him dal, water, apple stew, curd and mashed banana.\"Aditi Gulati, mother of five-month-old Adhiraj and a resident of Model Town, said, \"The group is of great help. Whenever I have a doubt, it clears it with good answers. It has made bringing up a child easy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462096", "title": "Govt forced to defer Bills in Rajay Sabha, left red-faced", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government, two important Bills - Border Security Force (Amendment) and Whistle Blowers Protection - were deferred in Rajya Sabha on Thursday, with MPs demanding more time as they said the proposed legislations deal with complex issues.This is yet again that the government has withheld bills after moving them having faced stiff resistance to legislations like Lokpal and Lokayukta, Copyright Amendment, Education Tribunals and Land Acquisition and Rehabilitation. Now, the government has no option, but to bring the BSF and Whistleblowers bills during second half of the Budget session in late April.While the BSF (Amendment) Bill was put off after Opposition criticism that is us an encroachment upon federal rights of states and needs to be discussed during the chief ministers' conference on April 16, the Whistle Blowers Bill saw members demanded that the legislation be tagged to the Lokpal Bill.The whistle blowers bill has been passed by Lok Sabha and is seen to complement the Lokpal bill. With the Lokpal bill now set for a recast in view of Opposition to its prescriptive provisions for lokayuktas, the Opposition successfully sought its deferment. The BSF bill fell victim to heightened sensitivities to any \"violation\" of the federal structure after Congress allies, Left, regional parties and NDA banded together to oppose the Lokayukta clauses in the Lokpal bill.The government had last August introduced the BSF (Amendment) Bill, 2011, that seeks to widen the scope for deployment of the force in the hinterland for counter-insurgency and anti-naxal operations, during election period or for maintaining law and order situation \"with additional power to search, seizure and arrest\" which is otherwise not available to the force.Referring to these powers as \"encroachment\" upon federal rights of states, Opposition parties including those from NDA and Left, AIADMK and even BSP and SP said the Bill listed for Thursday should be deferred till the scheduled meeting of Centre with Chief Ministers on April 16.Home minister P Chidambaram's arguments that there should not be any doubt that the states' consent would be taken when the central paramilitary forces are deployed failed to cut ice with Opposition leaders.Leader of the opposition Arun Jaitley earlier said some of the issues mentioned in the bill could also come up for discussion in the CMs' meeting. \"There are several Centre and state issues involved in the bill,\" he said, a contention supported by the CPM member Sitaram Yechury. Noting there is no point in \"unnecessary confrontation\", Yechury said the government should heed the demand to defer the bill.The home minister sought to allay MPs apprehensions saying the need for the amendment arose because many times states wanted BSF deployment in interior areas and it could not be done as BSF was meant for deployment in border areas. \"It's a Constitutional limitation that the Central armed forces can not be deployed without the consent of the states...The BSF is a very old Act,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461899", "title": "Bank employee hangs self in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: A bank employee committed suicide at his Vasai residence on Wednesday, possibly fearing action after his employers found him guilty of misappropriating money from a customer's account. The deceased, Amin Patil, worked as a cashier with the Naigaon branch of a cooperative bank.On Wednesday morning, Patil did not report to work. When his employers made inquiries, they learnt that his residence in Vasai Fort area was locked from the inside. There was no response when neighbours knocked on his door. The Vasai village police were then informed.\"Our team reached Patil's house and broke open the door. His body was found hanging from the ceiling fan in the living room. No suicide note has been recovered,\" a police officer said.During investigations, the police learnt that one of the bank's customers had lodged a complaint with the bank manager after discovering that the balance in his account was less than what it should have been. The customer had noticed that a sum of Rs 5,000 was missing while going through his monthly statement. The bank conducted an internal inquiry and suspected Patil's involvement. They questioned him and he admitted his guilt.\"Patil could have taken the drastic step because he feared that the action taken against him by his employers would bring him disrepute in society. We have registered a case of accidental death and are probing further. The body has been sent for a post-mortem examination,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12461737", "title": "Hubby, brothers arrested for dowry death", "text": "THANE: Three persons have been arrested by the Shreenagar police on Wednesday for their alleged involvement in a dowry death.The victim, Rekha Dhage, was married to Ashok for the last seven years. She was allegedly set ablaze by her husband and his brothers, Kalyan and Anil, after she failed to fulfil their dowry demands.Ashok tortured Rekha after she resisted his demands for money, said police sub-inspector Jafer Shaikh. According to the police complaint, Rekha complained of harassment from her husband and in-laws as they wanted her to procure Rs 5 lakh to purchase a tempo.Her refusal irked them and she was set on fire at Salim Manzil in Wagle Estate area recently. Rekha was admitted to hospital where she succumbed to the injuries. A complaint was filed against her in-laws based on which the police arrested Ashok, Kalyan and Anil on Wednesday. The three have been remanded in police custody till April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467807", "title": "Kiruthiga Udayanidhi does not follow Aishwarya", "text": "When all eyes were on Udayanidhi Stalin that he would be his wife's choice to play the lead role in her directorial debut venture, Jai seems to have bagged the role.Aishwarya Dhanush decided to cast her husband Dhanush in her directorial debut 3 and Kiruthiga Udayanidhi was expected to follow suit.But, the lady does not want her husband on board, say sources. Instead, she has roped in Jai to play the lead role as she considers him to be apt for the character she has in mind. Jai is now gearing up for this film which will go on floors in a couple of months. The pre-production work for this film is now going on.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12466520", "title": "Water woes will worsen if rain fails", "text": "MANGALORE: Though the city is well placed as far as power is concerned, it may get uncomfortable on the water front if the Western Ghats do not get rains in the next couple of weeks.The water level in the Thumbe Reservoir on Thursday touched 8.7 ft - one inch higher than the water level on Monday - following MRPL releasing water from its weir at Sarapady.If water is supplied continuously every day to the city, the water level will dip by about four inches a day making the current storage sufficient for only 20-22 days.Since the city corporation authorities were seized of the problem on Monday, water is being supplied to wards on alternate days for eight hours. This means that the supply should last for nearly a month in the absence of rains and depending on the storage at MRPL weir.Corporation commissioner Harish Kumar said, \"If the crisis worsens we will take over MRPL weir. We will act according to the situation and depending on the water level in Thumbe. As of now the city is being supplied 24 millions gallons per day (MGD) as against 38 MGD.\"The MRPL weir's capacity is 440 MGD at 3.7 mt height. As on Thursday the water level was at 2.5 mts. \"If we get rains in the first week of April, we will be in a comfortable position,'' Kumar said. As of now, Mescom has been told to cut off power to all IP sets on the Nethravathi river basin.On the power front, the city need not worry. There will be no load shedding like done in other parts of the state, thanks to a technical problem which has limited KPTC's ability to evacuate power generated by Udupi Power Corporation Limited (UPCL) via Varahi to Shimoga.Mescom source said both Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts require 410 mega watts, which is the allotted load and it has not overshot that figure. With no sufficient evacuation slines to evacuate power generated by UPCL, which is 520 MW, the districts are placed comfortably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463437", "title": "NCP leader, 19 others get bail", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court recently granted regular bail to local Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Aba Maruti Sutar and 19 others in the incident where they had allegedly gone on a rampage, ransacked houses, damaged vehicles and assaulted residents of Sutarwadi in Pashan on February 19 this year.On March 26, justice A V Nirgude ordered the release of the suspects on a bail of Rs 25,000 each with one or two sureties of the like amount. The suspects have been directed to stay out of the local limits of the Chatushrungi police station till the chargesheet is filed.The suspects moved the high court after the district and sessions court rejected their bail pleas on March 2.Opposing the bail pleas, additional public prosecutors V S Mhaispurkar and R M Gadhvi said the suspects were responsible for allegedly damaging public and private properties and their release could disturb the peace in Sutarwadi.Defence lawyers Prashant Patil and Dilip Shelar argued that the FIR lodged against Sutar and others was the result of political enmity, even when there was no direct or indirect evidence against them. They said there was no prima facie case against the suspects for allegedly committing an offence of dacoity and rioting. Pleading for their release on bail, the defence argued that their detention was not essential as the police had completed investigations in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466030", "title": "Anti-tobacco campaigner Vivek caught smoking", "text": "Cops conducted midnight raid at Vile Parle restaurant; Oberoi denies smokingIn a surprise midnight raid at the Mabrook restaurant in Vile Parle on Thursday, police officers from the Social Service (SS) branch rounded up 23 people for allegedly smoking hookahs, the use of which is banned is public areas.Bollywood actor Vivek Oberoi and two of his friends were also among those caught in the raid. However, Oberoi, who is an ambassador for the World Health Organisation's anti-smoking movement, denied the allegations stating that he was not smoking but had just come to the restaurant to meet his friends.Based on a tip-off, a team of cops led by ACP Vasant Dhoble entered Mabrook restaurant located in Sahara Hotel at midnight. Around 23 people present in the restaurant were smoking shisha, which is a blend of molasses, fruit and tobacco. Customers made a mad scramble for the exit when they noticed the police, but were barred from leaving. Fifteen hookahs were seized and the 23 people were rounded up.Actor Vivek Oberoi, who was among those present, asked the ACP to let him go stating that he had not consumed tobacco. When the police refused, he told them that the incident would tarnish his image as he was part of an anti-smoking campaign. The police then warned him against interfering in their investigations.After the raid, the police took down contact details, addresses and statements of the 23 customers after which they were allowed to go. The restaurant's manager, Jagdish Patoshi, 31, was booked under sections 394, R W (471) of the BMC Act.When contacted, DCP B.G. Shekhar (Enforcement) confirmed the incident saying, \"Investigations are on. Every customer named in the FIR filed by the SS branch will be called for proper questioning. A case under section 4 R W (21) of Tobacco Act has been registered.\"An official from the Sahara Star Hotel denied having any knowledge of the incident. \"Nothing of this sort has happened to my knowledge. Selling of hookahs is banned and we don't resort to such activities in Sahara Star,\" said Rajesh Mohan, head strategy manager of the Hotel.Despite repeated attempts, Vivek Oberoi remained unreachable. However his father, Suresh Oberoi, said, \"My son does not smoke or drink, he is the anti-tobacco ambassador appointed by the UN. We have received a letter of apology from the hotel for the inconvenience caused to my son.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12466914", "title": "Fogging to start from April 1", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the onset of summer season, city residents have started complaining about mosquitoes and sensing need of the hour, the municipal authorities have decided to start fogging in various residential areas from April 1.The officials of MC health department have been directed to make fogging machines functional by March 31 so that fogging could be conducted in residential areas.Confirming this, joint commissioner and head of health branch A S Sekhon said, \"The officials have been asked to keep machines in order and prepare a schedule for fogging that would be followed throughout the summer and rainy seasons.\" He added that the commissioner has clearly ordered if they witnessed spread of dengue or malaria in any of residential area then officer concerned would be held responsible for the same and action would be taken against him.Notably, every year residents keep on complaining about mosquitoes and spread of several diseases in the absence of proper fogging because the MC officials do not perform their duties well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12464220", "title": "Match manufacturers welcome reduction in VAT", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Local splint manufactures have welcomed the recent state budget announcement of reducing the present levy of 14.5% VAT on splints and veneers to 5% as they were losing market to their counterparts in Kerala.\"This was a genuine demand of splint manufacturers in Tamil Nadu as they were not able to compete with their counterparts in Kerala as match units were importing splints from Kerala with 2% Central Sales Tax (CST),\" says G Athipathi of Aiyan Match Works, Sivakasi.There are more than 1,000 match industries spread across Tamil Nadu with a majority of units in Virudhunagar and Tirunelveli. As the CST of 2% was more beneficial, most match manufacturers in Tamil Nadu preferred to buy the splints from Kerala. \"It is quite natural for manufacturers to go for cheaper raw materials and the local splint industries, which are mainly small players, were losing out in the market. The reduction of VAT to 5% will definitely help local players and it will have a trickle down effect on the match industry as well,\" Athipathi mentioned.But not all are convinced. \"The reduction of VAT on splints will have no effect on the match industry as the splints are imported from Kerala,\" says A M S G Ashokan of We Two match works. \"This reduction will in no way affect the match manufacturers here. But if the government provides tax benefits on importing potassium chloride and duplex boxes, it will be beneficial and make us more competitive,\" he said.However, match manufacturers also feel that the government has provided a lot of tax exemption to the match industries already. \"We should not demand for more, as both the Centre and state governments have given a lot of tax benefits to the match industry,\" Athipathi says.\"Having realised that the match industry is labour intensive, the state has given sales tax exemption on both hand-made and semi-mechanised matches while the Centre imposes 6% on semi-mechanised matches. This particular announcement will give a competitive edge for splint manufacturers who have the relative advantage of transport cost when compared to the imports from Kerala,\" Athipathi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467586", "title": "Green Tribunal suspends enviromental clearance to Posco", "text": "NEW DELHI, The environment clearance granted to Posco's mega steel project in Orissa in January 2011 will remain suspended till the environment ministry reviews it afresh, the National Green Tribunal held on Friday.\"The environment clearance granted on January 31, 2011 to the project shall remain suspended till such review and appraisal is done by the ministry,\" a bench of tribunal comprising Justice C V Ramulu and Devendra Kumar Agarwal held.The tribunal pointed out that memorandum of understanding between the Orissa government and Posco states that the project is for production of 12 million tonnes of steel per annum (MTPA) but the environment impact assessment (EIA) report has been prepared only for 4 MTPA steel production in the first phase.It said the MoEF should take \"policy decision\" that in projects of such magnitude the EIA should be done for the complete project.\"The EIA should assess it for the full capacity right from the beginning,\" it said.The tribunal directed the MoEF to review the clearance afresh and attach \"specific conditions\" which Posco would have to follow in a \"defined timeline\".It also directed the MoEF to set up a special committee to \"monitor the compliance to the environment clearance\" thus granted.The bench said appointment of Meena Gupta as chairman of the committee to review the environmental clearance showed \"departmental bias\" as she had only \"supported\" the environment clearance granted to Posco earlier during her tenure as the Secretary, the MoEF.\"The entire process was vitiated in the eyes of law,\" the bench said in this regard.The tribunal also said that the project proponent should generate its own source of water instead of utilising the drinking water meant for the Cuttack city in Orissa.\"In the country drinking water is scarce. It would be better to ask the project proponent to generate its own source of water. Avoiding utilising water meant for Cuttack city could be asked by the ministry,\" it said.The order came on a plea filed by environment activist Prafulla Samantray seeking quashing of the environmental clearance granted to Posco on the ground that it was \"contrary to the provisions of the EIA Notification 2006\" and was \"illegal and arbitrary\".Advocate Ritwick Dutta, appearing for the petitioner, had said that impact on environment in case of steel production by the plant to its full capacity would be much more.Prafulla, in his petition said, \"It is admitted that the project will not be viable if it is restricted to the steel production of only 4 MTPA. In such circumstances, the EIA report should have been for 12 MTPA (of steel production). The project proponent has opted to do an EIA for 4 MTPA since the likely impact of 12 MTPA is bound to be much more and very significant\".Posco India Pvt Ltd was granted environmental clearance for its two projects, steel-cum-captive power plant project and captive minor port, in Jagatsinghpur district of Orissa in 2007.The MoEF after reviewing the same, granted environmental clearance with additional conditions on January 31, 2011 which prompted the petitioner to move the tribunal.The clearance was assailed contending that \"the whole approach of the Expert Appraisal Committee (EAC) was not to give an unbiased opinion, but rather to justify the decision to grant environmental clearance to both the projects.\"The environment ministry, however, had told the tribunal there was no infirmity in its decision to grant environmental clearance to Posco.Posco had also maintained that it has not violated any law and is working in compliance with the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462290", "title": "100 shops get notices for non-Marathi signboards", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division that covers five districts of north Maharashtra, has served notices to 100 shops and establishments across Nashik city for not displaying Marathi signboards.The labour department had launched a special drive to ensure Marathi signboards were displayed prominently at all shops under its jurisdiction that includes Jalgaon, Dhule, Ahmednagar and Nandurbar districts.The 100 shops were issued notices after it was found that they were not displaying Marathi signboards. The deputy labour commissioner has warned of legal action against them if they don't replace their signboards.As per the Bombay Shops &amp; Establishments Act, 1948, it is mandatory for shops and establishments across Maharashtra to have their signboards in Marathi. But most of the shops and establishments are seen not following the rules. Other languages can be used but they should be below Marathi and Marathi letters should be in bold letters.\"We have started taking action against those shops and establishments which are not displaying Marathi signboards. We have already started a special drive in Nashik city and have served notices to around 100 shops and establishments. We have warned them of taking legal action if they did not replace their signboards with ones completely in Marathi. Most of the shops have started replacing their non-Marathi signboards with ones in Marathi,\" R S Jadhav, deputy labour commissioner, told TOI.\"Generally, non-Marathi boards are displayed in urban areas only and their proportion is less in rural areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464135", "title": "Fixing of high security registration plates delayed", "text": "PATNA: The fixing of high security registration plate (SRP) on all new vehicles will start before April 30 as per the Supreme Court direction. Transport minister Brishen Patel announced this here on Thursday, adding that fixing of SRP on vehicles would not start from March 31 as the private company that has been given contract for this did not turn up. A legal notice has been served on the firm in this connection.He said that from June this year, fixing of such plates on the old vehicles would start in the state. As 78 percent of the accidents in the country are caused due to fault of drivers, a Motor Driving Institute under public-private partnership (PPP) mode is being opened in Aurangabad with a financial assistance of Rs 16.23 crore from the state government for purchasing land and construction of institute building, the minister said.Patel said that private partner M/S Maruti Suzuki will run the institute. Training of the master trainers of all private motor driving schools in the state would be made mandatory at the Aurangabad institute, he said. He said that this new institute would be run on self-sustainable basis by realizing fees from the master trainers of the private motor driving schools and those learning driving skills there.Principal secretary, transport, R K Mahajan said that training at driving schools in the state was not proper and there is also dearth of drivers of heavy and medium level vehicles in the state. He said that at the institute will have all the facilities for theoretical and practical training as well as traffic sign language (the traffic signs displayed on boards on roads and the zebra crossing etc.).Patel said that the transport department has generated a revenue of Rs 531 crore by March 26 against the target Rs 537 crore which may be crossed by March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462667", "title": "Medical teachers, govt talk fails to end deadlock", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as doctors rejoiced over the Gujarat Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institutions (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss of Property) Bill, 2012 getting passed in the state assembly on Thursday, medical teachers had little to smile about after their talks with the principal health secretary Rajesh Kishore ended in a stalemate.The mood was upbeat when the Gujarat Medical Teacher's Association (GMTA) representatives went to Gandhinagar to meet Kishore and other senior health department officials. However, they said that they were once more offered only assurances.\"We were told that the health department will forward our case to the finance department. Senior officials told us that they are compassionate about our issues and want to resolve them at the earliest. However, we have received such assurances in the past too,\" said GMTA president J C Makwana. The strike of medical teachers, demanding hike in salaries on par with other college teachers as per UGC norms and other issues, entered the ninth day on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12466378", "title": "Narcotics trafficking cases on the rise in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is turning out to be a hot destination for narcotics peddling in the country. The annual report of the narcotics cell released by the police head quarters state that illegal drug trade has shown over 55% rise in the state during the year 2010-11.The report states that against 385 total cases of narcotics trade registered in the year 2010, the number of cases registered this year have gone up to 616 in 2011.The authorities seized 32 kgs of smack was smuggled from the state in 2011 as against 11.7 kg seized during 2010. The sale of marijuana, the most commonly used contraband also registered a sharp increase in the year 2011. More than 7,711 kilograms of marijuana was seized in Madhya Pradesh during the year as against 4,043 kilograms seized in 2010. A rise has also been registered in the trade of opium. More than 263 kilograms of opium was seized while being smuggled out of the state or stored illegally.A disturbing trend is the use of tablets that has also come to light this year. The PHQ report mentions that six cases relating to use of Ativan drug have been registered in 2011. It is alarming as there was not a single known case of this drug abuse in the state. Diwakar Singh who owns medical shop in Red Cross and district JP hospital said \"Ativan is a sleeping pill and is also commonly used by addicts\". Meanwhile, the PHQ authorities said since Madhya Pradesh being landlocked, it shares a common border with states like Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra it is considered a preferred destination for the drug peddlers. The climatic conditions of Malwa region, Mandsaur Ratlam and Neemuch are favourable for the cultivation as well, particularly for opium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462151", "title": "China doles out lessons on 21st century statecraft", "text": "NEW DELHI: The manner in which it handled media affairs on the sidelines of the ongoing BRICS summit, China, perhaps, also doled out a few lessons for India's own foreign policy officials in 21st century statecraft. Unlike other countries, China did not just set up a swish media centre at a five-star hotel, but also invited the local media to attend all its briefings that were held at regular intervals, spread across two days.China's president Hu Jintao wasn't just accompanied by a few scribes, but all the paraphernalia usually associated with the Americans. Even local Indian journalists were kept informed about briefing timings, and an interpreter was pressed into service to cater to them.At the main briefing on Thursday afternoon, held shortly after the plenary session, the veritable whose who of the Chinese foreign ministry, led by assistant foreign minister Ma Zhaoxu, was present allowing the delegation to handle all questions with ease. It was here that the Chinese said that they were \"regretful and mournful\" of the loss of innocent lives ( Tibetan protesters).The reason behind the 30-minute delay of the plenary session in the morning was also revealed here. A senior Chinese official said that the session started late because the leaders had been engrossed in a discussion during the earlier restricted session.The Chinese conduct was in stark contrast to MEA that did not hold any briefing, either on the summit or bilateral meetings, at all. The foreign ministry sets up media centre for journalists accompanying PM abroad but rarely does it invite the local media to attend. For instance, during PM Manmohan Singh's visit to Cannes last year for G-20 , local journalists had lodged a protest with Indian officials for this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12461656", "title": "Fire norms scrutiny for 300 Thane hospitals, clinics", "text": "THANE: Thane Municipal Corporation chief R A Rajeev and the medical community in Thane are locked in a bitter feud over implementation of fire safety norms, with Rajeev threatening action against hospitals over flouting of fire safety norms, in the light of the devastating blaze at Kolkata's AMRI Hospitals in December 2011.More than 300 hospitals and clinics operating in residential buildings are under scrutiny and have been directed to ensure that measures concerning fire safety should be put into practice as prescribed in the safety guide.Indian Medical Association officials are said to have made a representation to the municipal commissioner and urged him to reconsider his decision, as they said most of the residential buildings were over 25 years old and it would be difficult to enforce the rules in such places.Rajeev is said to be determined to ensure that the licences of hospitals that flout fire safety norms are not renewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465993", "title": "I don't want Asha Bhosle's garden: Sadhana", "text": "Veteran actress Sadhana denies she had encroached on extra space in the singer's Khar bungalow, where she has been a tenant for 50 yearsThe last three years haven't been exactly peaceful for yesteryear actress Sadhana Nayyar, who chose to stay away from public glare following her retirement. In 2010, she filed an FIR against a fellow tenant at her Khar bungalow for threatening her.Last year, the cops investigating the case went as far as calling her a liar, and earlier this month, singer Asha Bhosle, who owns the bungalow, filed a police complaint against her for allegedly encroaching on her property.Cornered from all sides, Sadhana Nayyar has finally broken her silence on the issue. Speaking to Mirror on Asha Bhosle's police complaint against her, Sadhana said that she has been staying at the ground floor of the 9,750 sq ft bungalow - Sangeeta - for over 50 years. She said that she has never stopped Bhosle from using the garden, as alleged in the singer's complaint against her in the Santa Cruz police station.\"I only told Ashaji once that I need to be informed about people who are being sent by her to see the place. They are most welcome but how can I allow strangers inside my house?\" she asked.Sadhana said that while she has been taking care of the garden for all these years, she has no ambitions to taking over the garden.Speaking on the issue, advocate Viram Trivedi of Manilal Kher Ambalal&amp; Co., who is representing Asha Bhosle, said that he would not like to comments on this matter at this stage.\"Even if my house goes for redevelopment along with the bungalow, all I want is a space equivalent to my existing house in the new scheme. I am not against any form of redevelopment or sale of the property,\" Sadhana said, speaking on accusation that she is resisting the redevelopment/sale of the bungalow.The matter first came to public glare on August 10, 2010, when Sadhana filed an FIR at Santa Cruz police station against Yusuf Lakadawala, a fellow tenant and prominent builder, accusing him of entering her house and threatening her. She also alleged that Lakadawala was trying to force her out of the bungalow so that he could put the house up for redevelopment.\"That day, Lakadawala had taken the keys to the terrace where the society's water tanks are kept. Since there was problem with water that day, I called him and asked him to send the keys. After waiting for a long time, I called again. But Lakadawala landed at my residence with a group of people and threatened me,\" Sadhana told Mumbai Mirror.\"When I went to meet DCP Prasanna on August 9, he asked me to wait. It was only next day that I got a call from Santa Cruz police station senior police inspector who asked me to come there and file the FIR,\" she said.Lakadawala was arrested in November 2010 and let off on bail later. He then approached the Bandra Metropolitan Magistrate, claiming that he had been falsely implicated and defamed by Sadhana. Cops investigating the case, in their report to the court, submitted that Sadhana's complaint was false as her cell phone location showed that \"she was not at home at the time Lakadawala allegedly threatened her\".\"They said that I had given a false report because I wasn't home between 1.28 pm and 2.10 pm. I never said that he was there at that time. My complaint clearly mentions that Lakadawla was at my residence between 2.15 pm and 2.30pm on August 9,\" she said. (A copy of the FIR is with Mumbai Mirror).Is Lakadawala a legal tenant?In a letter submitted to Santa Cruz police station in 1985, a certain Nilam Kashyap claimed that her husband and not Lakadawala is the real tenant of Sangeeta's second floor. The letter stated that her family was staying at the bungalow till 1984, when they shifted to Pali Hill. \"We are still paying rent through court to Asha Bhosle as she has given notices to all the tenants to vacate the premises of Sangeeta bungalow,\" the letter added.The letter also stated that Lakadawala was a friend of her husband and had showed willingness to be the care taker of the flat after they shifted.Advocate Vibhav Krishna, who represents Yusuf Lakadawala, said, \"We have filed the defamation suit based on the police reports. Everything is documented. As for Lakdawala being the tenant or not on the second floor, we maintain that he is the legal tenant of the said floor. Beyond that we would not like to say anything because the matter is being contested in the court.\"Asha Bhosle not sole ownerWhile Asha Bhosle is the legal owner of the prime property at the cusp of Santa Cruz and Khar, there is another Asha who has equal stakes in the property.The bungalow was originally owned by the legendary singer's former husband Ganpatrao Bhosle, who died in February 1966. Ganpatrao and the singer had parted ways in 1959. In 1963, he remarried one Ashabai.When Mumbai Mirror spoke to Ashabai she said that according to a 1969 court order the property was to be sold and divided into eight equal shares, her and Asha Bhosale being two of them. \"I do not even know what is happening on that property now. All I ask for is a fair share for me and my children,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466964", "title": "No politics for NTR Jr and Charan", "text": "The year 2009 saw superstars NTR Jr and Ram Charan Tej canvass for political parties.While NTR Jr lent his support to TDP, RCT canvassed for father Chiru's Praja Rajyam Party. With movie stars creating a hug impact on the masses, the crowds the two pulled in for the rallies was immense.But now, sources close to the actors have confirmed that Ram Charan Tej and NTR Jr have decided to stay away from politics for the time being. This mean that the 2014 elections will not see the superstars campaigning.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462561", "title": "Mystery deaths in Kasba flat", "text": "KOLKATA: A middle-aged couple was found dead in mysterious circumstances inside their flat in Kasba on the south-western fringes of the city late on Thursday evening.Police suspect 55-year-old Kalyan Roy strangled wife Chandra and then hanged himself. Investigators are unwilling to commit to a suicide-murder or double suicide theory until they get the autopsy report and investigate all possibilities.The bodies were found around 8pm when the couple's 24-year-son returned to see the door locked from inside. When no one responded, he called the police to the RK Ghosal Road address. Police say that Kalyan was found hanging from the ceiling while Chandra was lying dead on the bed. There was bruising on her neck. \"A piece of cloth was found in her mouth. She was possibly gagged,\" said an investigator.\"We suspect Kalyan killed his wife and then committed suicide,\" said an officer. Police are examining a suicide note which names some people as responsible for the couple's death, say sources. \"The autopsy will help us confirm the cause and nature of the death. The suicide note contains some hints and we are probing accordingly,\" said Biswarup Ghosh, DC (SSD).Kalyan was a labour contractor and police are probing if he was under pressure because of some professional reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463002", "title": "Exams over, it\u2019s tennis time in Garden Estate", "text": "GURGAON: With schoolchildren almost through with their annual exams, residents of Garden Estate society on MG Road are busy with the annual tennis tournament being held on the society campus. The event, which started in 2000, has participants in the age group of 4-74 years this time. The tournament is on since March 24.The matches are being held during mornings and evenings to enable the residents to participate without having to make any change in their daily schedule. The prize distribution ceremony is scheduled for April 1. Prakash Dayal (74), sponsor of the tournament and a participant, said, \"There are 373 flats in the society and the event is an opportunity for the residents to meet and enjoy the game. The response to the event has been very quite good.\" There are around 30 participants in the age group of 4-16 years and over 20 in 25 years onwards.The tournament is seeing both women and children participating in it. In the mixed doubles game, a child can form a team with one of her parents or friends.Shiva Sudhakara, a tennis coach, said, \"For very young children who can't play regular game, targets are fixed on the court and the ones who hit the maximum distance are given positions. The tournament is a good initiative to teach them lawn tennis.\"Six-year-old Ransher Singh Randhawa said he was taking part for the first time and just loves the game. I want to win all the matches, he said.Deepak Malhotra, a resident and organizer, said, \"The basic purpose is to make the game popular among children. Besides, the residents get an opportunity to take out some time from their busy lives and catch up with friends.\"Randhir Mohan, winner of the tournament for the past five consecutive years and seven in total, said, \"The tournament has garnered huge support from the residents in the past several years. It encourages youngsters to take part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462858", "title": "Both Nanavati sons are govt lawyers!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is all in the family for the Nanavatis. The two sons of Justice G T Nanavati - Maulik and Dhaval - fight cases for the Gujarat government and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), respectively, in the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Gujarat high court and Supreme Court.The legal fees that both get from Gujarat taxpapers' money have been cited as a conflict of interest for Justice Nanavati, who heads the Nanavati-Mehta Inquiry Commission probing the 2002 Gujarat riots and has been given an extension for the 18th time. The latest extension granted on Thursday more or less ensures that the likely submission of the report happens only after the Gujarat assembly elections due in December 2012. Maulik was appointed as additional public prosecutor (APP) in 2005, three years after his father started the riots inquiry.Another three years later, the AMC empanelled Dhaval as the lawyer-on-record for several cases in the Gujarat HC. Earlier, he was empanelled as a Central government lawyer when Justice Nanavati was probing the anti-Sikh riots of 1984. Senior lawyer Girish Patel is firm that this was a clear case of conflict of interest.\"On one side is a judge who has to decide on the involvement of the chief minister in the Godhra riots, on the other are his two sons who get paid handsome legal fees by the government Modi heads. There is reasonable apprehension of bias as this goes against constitutional morality, judicial propriety and professional integrity.\" Law minister Dilip Sanghani denied conflict of interest in the matter. In any case, he said, their appointments were made before he became law minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12463560", "title": "Honour killing? Inter-caste marriage spurs murder in Ferozepur", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Family members of a scheduled caste girl allegedly killed her husband, whom she had married in a court against her parents' wishes, after they reportedly spotted them together at the house of girl, on Wednesday night at Peer Ke village in Ferozepur district.Police have recovered the body of the boy, identified as Anil alias Kler, a resident of Kothi Rai Sahib, from the house of the girl.The body bore several sharp injuries marks. On the statement of Younis Bhatti, the uncle of the victim, a case had been registered against five persons, including parents and two brothers of the girl.According to police, victim Anil (25) was having an affair with Anju. As the parents of the girl did not approve of their relationship, the duo had eloped and reportedly had a court marriage at Ludhiana. They stayed in Ludhiana for a month after the marriage.Later, on the mediation of family members and some prominent persons of the area, the girl was handed over to her parents with a promise that they would arrange for their formal marriage.Police sources added that the duo used to meet which became quite frequent recently.The sources added that on Wednesday night when the boy went to meet his wife at her home, the family members of Anju spotted them and allegedly thrashed Anil, resulting in his death.A case under Section 302 of IPC had been registered against Jagga, his wife Amarjit Kaur, Neeti, Nishan and one unidentified person. However, no arrest had been made by police. The body of the boy had been handed over to his family after conducting a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466092", "title": "Kamaleswar Mukherjee to pay tribute to Ritwik Ghatak", "text": "His creative genius seared a mark on the Bengali consciousness that has endured for decades after his death in 1976. Now, \" Uro Chithi\" director Kamaleswar Mukherjee is planning a tribute to the master filmmaker, Ritwik Ghatak, with a biopic.Kamaleswar is currently working on the script that must be an ultimate creative challenge for a filmmaker from Bengal. Understandably, he is not willing to let on too much. \"It is too early to comment on this now. I am working on the script and it is at the level of being conceptualized. It is actually a fictional account of a filmmaker's life and may be inspired by a stalwart like Ritwik Ghatak. The time range of the film covers the pre- and post-Independence period,\" he says.We learnt from sources that the film focuses on the time that Ritwik spent in an asylum. This period serves as the prism through which Ritwik's life - his films, depression , rootlessness and creative genius - is examined. The story shows his interaction with the doctors at the asylum and his determination to come out of the place. Throughout this period, Ritwik's mental faculties are at their sharpest and even the doctors can't make out what is wrong with him.The other important theme in the film is the play that Ritwik plans to stage with the inmates of the asylum. It is widely known that the director, after his stint at an asylum, had scripted and staged his play, \"Sei Meye\", in 1969. Kamaleswar's film, which will be a non-linear narrative, dramatizes Ritwik's efforts to put the play together.There's a big buzz over who will bag the prized role of Ritwik. Kamaleswar, however, is holding the cards close to his chest. \"Let me work on the script first. Things like the cast can come later,\" is all he says.The movie is being produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. When we called up Shrikant Mohta of SVF, he refused to comment on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462517", "title": "Leaked CAG report to be tabled in assembly today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The month-long budget session of the Gujarat assembly will end on Friday with the tabling of a number of important reports. This includes the leaked Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report that criticizes the state government's handling of public sector units (PSU) like the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC).In all, eight important reports will be tabled in the House with five CAG reports for 2009-10 and 2010-11, the report of the Human Rights Commission and progress report on the Right to Information Act.Officials in the assembly said the report of the Justice (retired) K M Mehta Commission, which inquired into the July 2009 hooch tragedy in Ahmedabad, will also be tabled. Nearly 140 people had died after consuming hooch.However, there will be no room for a heated debate on the reports as most of the Congress MLAs have been suspended by the Speaker.Only three Congress MLAs - Paranjayadityasinhji Parmar, Jodhaji Thakore and Rajendrasinh Parmar - will be present in the House. The opposition has 60 MLAs in the House, of which 55 belong to the Congress. On the last day of the session, the resolution of the Danta BJP MLA Vasantkumar Bhatol on proposed 4.5 per cent reservation for minorities by the central government will also be taken up for discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463003", "title": "Jairam in Uttar Pradesh to assess MNREGS implementation", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh will undertake a two-day tour of Uttar Pradesh from Friday. Ramesh, who will visit Allahabad on Friday, will also meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday when he visits Lucknow.Sources said the minister is likely to discuss the implementation of the Centre's flagship Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in the state. Last year, after taking over as the minister for rural development, Ramesh had written to former chief minister Mayawati, drawing her attention to the anomalies in the implementation of the scheme.The complaints were made on the basis of reports submitted by Central Employment Guarantee Council member Sanjay Dixit and others over the past few years where anomalies in implementing NREGS were noticed in Gonda, Balrampur, Mahoba, Kushinagar, Sant Kabir Nagar, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra among other districts.Council members had claimed that the state government had failed to take any action where anomalies were detected. In October 2011, the Union minister also said the state government had failed to adhere to recommendations made by the State Quality Monitor. Ramesh also dared the Maya government to order a CBI probe into the NREGS anomalies; charges that were scuttled by the state government.In his letter to the government, Ramesh had said, \"It is sad that though anomalies were brought to light in 2007-08, indicted persons have not been brought to book. It is also strange that the state government in March 2010 had convened a press conference to announce that chief development officer Raj Bahadur was found involved and would be suspended for the same. However, the state could not produce proof to show that the said action had been initiated.\"Apart from naming IAS officials in the Mayawati government who were not brought to book in Balrampur, the rural development minister had also accused the Mayawati government of inaction in Kushinagar, Sonbhadra, Mirzapur, Mahoba and Sant Kabir Nagar where large-scale anomalies were brought to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462779", "title": "Medvedev raises 2G, N-plant issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: During his bilateral meeting with PM Manmohan Singh , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev \"informally\" raised concerns about their telecom company Sistema that has been embroiled in the 2G scam . The PM told Medvedev that the decision on that company would be taken within the four corners of the Indian law.The issue came up for discussion during the meeting of commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma and Russian minister of economic development and trade Elvira Nabiullina here on Thursday, they said.The Supreme Court in its February 2 order had cancelled 122 mobile licences, including 21 of SSTL, awarded in 2008 under the then telecom minister A Raja terming them illegal. The two leaders also discussed the Kudankulam issues, with Singh conveying to Medvedev that the project was now firmly back on track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12466054", "title": "3 cops suspended over Bishnupur gang rape", "text": "IMPHAL: The police department has suspended two India Reserve Battalion (IRB) jawans accused in the alleged gang rape of a tribal housewife in Bishnupur district. Similar action has also been taken against a sub-inspector for allegedly providing a pistol used by the jawans while committing the crime. Four suspects, including the two personnel of 1st BN IRB - havaldar Ch Ibomcha and rifleman Ksh Kenedy - allegedly raped the forty-year-old victim belonging to Zeliangrong community at Keinou village in the wee hours of March 22. The other two accused are S Bijen Singh and L Rojit Singh.On the same day the police pulled up the four from different parts of Imphal. A country made pistol was also recovered from them. Chief judicial magistrate (Bishnupur) on Tuesday remanded the four to judicial custody. Sub Inspector N Tiken serving in Bishupur police was suspended for allegedly providing the pistol to the four culprits, official sources said.Meanwhile, the joint action committee formed by various women organizations against the incident has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh demanding life term for the four accused. Manipur commission for women has also sought a report from the office of state director general of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12466880", "title": "Jeep plunges into gorge, five killed, six injured in Garhwa", "text": "Garhwa: Five persons, including a woman and a child, were killed and six injured, when a jeep, in which they were travelling, overturned and fell into a 30-feet gorge in Bahiyar Khud, 30 km from the district headquarters, on NH-75 on Thursday.The mishap occurred around 10.30 am, sources said.While two persons died on the spot, three others died on their way to Garhwa Sadar hospital, police said.However, Jitendra Yadav, one of the seriously injured, was referred to RIMS, Ranchi from the Garhwa Sadar Hospital.Two more passengers, Hari Shanker Sharma and Vinod Prasad were referred to a Varanasi hospital and three others are undergoing treatment at the Garhwa Sadar hospital.The ill-fated jeep was heading towards Garhwa from Nagar Untari, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12465962", "title": "A day after, MANIT goes for a rush job", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after a few students of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) were admitted to hospital, authorities on Thursday talked in different voices on the cause of hospitalization.While hostel No. 4 warden VK Singh said two hostel inmates were admitted to hospital after they took ill, institute in-charge director said that D M Deshpade claimed the hospitalized students were day scholars. Two students were admitted to a private hospital for treatment of jaundice on Wednesday.\"No hostel inmate was admitted to the hospital. I spoke to them and both were day scholars,\" in-charge director DM Deshpade said when asked about the students.Interestingly, hostel No. 4 warden VK Soni organised a medical camp and had a new purifier installed to a water cooler in the hostel. \"I have installed the water purifier and organized the medical camp on Thursday morning. The steps were taken to stop the further spread of the disease.\" Warden Soni said. His take on the situation is students fell sick after eating and drinking water outside the hostel. \"Several students went out and ate unhygienic food which led to the water-borne disease. There was no problem from our side,\" Soni claimed.President of MANIT Alumni for Social Initiatives (MANIT ASI), Bhupendra Gupta on Wednesday claimed that hostel inmates fell ill after drinking water from an ill-managed dispenser of hostel No. 4. \"More than four dozen unwell students have left for their homes in other cities to get treated there, he added.Contrary to claims of the warden, this correspondent found out the place of water coolers' installation in the hostel No. 4 unhygienic.A student said the authorities organised a medical camp in hurry which should be held regularly. \"They organised the camp only after students were hospitalised. They took to cleanliness for the past 24 hours. They should have immediately changed the water coolers which caused the jaundice,\" he said.Around 320 students stay in the hostel No. 4, one of the oldest hostels on the campus. Another student said they made complaints in the past about the inferior food quality in the hostel. But, the authorities woke up only after students were admitted to the hospital,\" said another student on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12462356", "title": "'Heads will roll for corruption in PWD'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar spent Thursday touring parts of Margao and Navelim, even as he held a meeting with the South Goa MLAs and officials of various sections of the PWD to review works.PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar was also present for the meeting where Parrikar is learnt to have assured to provide 5 crore each to all constituencies to carry out urgent development works.The chief minister was apprised of the problems of water scarcity in various parts of South Goa. He is learnt to have called a meeting of the PWD officials in Panaji soon to find solutions to the issue.Addressing mediapersons, Parrikar acknowledged that there were many irregularities in the PWD.\"I learnt that many works were tendered, but orders were not collected by the contractors, as they had to pay 15% advance (towards bribes). But, we have identified important works and adequate funds will be provided for their execution.\"You may find some heads rolling, but we don't want to go after small fries. I want to have patience. I do not want to act in haste and repent in leisure,\" he said.Reiterating that there will be zero tolerance towards corruption, Parrikar said that he had identified \"areas of concern\" in the PWD and that certain measures will be taken to reduce corruption, such as e-payment of contractors' bills and following the 'first-in, first-out' system which, he said, would end harassment of contractors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463313", "title": "Jeweller was killed by close aide", "text": "BANGALORE: Preliminary investigation into the abduction and murder of 33-year-old jeweller Nitesh Behra has revealed that it was planned and executed by someone close to the victim.Police on Thursday set up two teams to investigate the case. B Dayananda, joint commissioner of police, crime, (East), said the teams are following the leads and there is progress in the case. \"We are exploring all angles and will be able to crack the case soon,\" he said.\"It took less than 20 minutes for the biker who came to the victim's house (in Shantinagar) to pick up the money and gold. This means he knew the exact location of the house,\" said an investigating officer. According to a friend who interacted with the victim's wife Uma, the kidnappers knew a lot about Nitesh. \"They knew his shop and what time he shuts his store,\" said a friend.Operated from another city?The police officer said the kidnappers were not operating from the city. It's suspected that after Nitesh was abducted, they started moving out. \"Whoever masterminded the plan had 'agents' here taking orders. The person who came the victim's home or the one who went to the hotel were two such couriers,\" he explained.Investigation officers said abductors got nervous after seeing TV channels flashing the news. \"They knew police would try to track them. So they must have decided to kill him.\"Sons still unawareIt was a heart-wrenching sight at Nitesh's Shantinagar home on Thursday. His children Neelima and Neelesh were oblivious to what was happening around them. The young boys (aged two and four) were safely tucked away by relatives.The body was brought home at 3.45pm. Postmortem was conducted on Thursday at 10am, after all formalities were completed. The couple's parents and siblings arrived on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12466074", "title": "This farmer had donated his precious piece of land to M S University", "text": "Vadodara: Any mushrooming private college or university in Gujarat will not miss a single opportunity to felicitate even their smallest of donor.But, M S University (MSU) hardly does that. Twenty-five years ago Bipinchandra Ambalal Patel had earmarked 28.54 'guntha' of land at Padra for donation to MSU. And for all this year's MSU simply did not recognize his contribution.Under scanner for adopting a lackadaisical attitude towards its donors, 60-year-old Patel finally got some recognition as MSU officials handed over a shawl and a university dairy as a token of their appreciation for his donation on Thursday.And the good news is that despite all the goof ups that MSU has made, Patel, well aware that the cost of 31,080 square feet land which he had donated today runs into crores, has not changed his mind. He still insists that MSU should get this land which he had earmarked for the university way back in 1987.It was TOI report which had highlighted that a RTI application had revealed that a residential society has come up on the land which was earmarked as donation for MSU. Following the controversy, Vadodara district collector has ordered a probe.\"In 1987 there was a major controversy leading to full fledged violence between college students of the M K Amin Padra College of MSU and school students of Padra High School. The high school did not want the college to use its premises to enter their college building. Prominent leaders of Padra had requested me to do something for a long term solution and hence I had donated my farm land so that the college students do not face any problems,\" Patel told TOI on Thursday.Since then, Patel made repeated attempts that some university official takes over possession of the land. \"At least on four occasions, when I was sent notice for land revenue tax, I personally went and met Padra college office staff insisting that they should take over this land. They kept on promising that they would do so after speaking to 'higher authorities'. But that never happened. Finally, I too lost interest,\" he said.Interestingly, Patel's son Jignesh too completed his bachelors of commerce from Padra college but without making any fuss regarding his father's donation to the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465568", "title": "Jewellers take out protest march", "text": "VARANASI: Protesting the increased duty on gold, jewellers across the city carried out protest march from Town Hall, Maidagin to all the major areas of the city on Thursday. Almost all the jewellers of the city participated in the protest march In view of the same, the traders and dealers of jewellers are also going to give their support to the Uttar Pradesh Bandh on Friday.Meet People's Vigilance Committee on Human Rights, in association with European Union , organised a meeting to discuss issues related to minorities, women and human rights at Madrassa Usmania in Bajardiha on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12467104", "title": "'IIT-Delhi India's top ranking institution'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Institute of Technology- Delhi is the country's highest ranking institution in world with a global rank of 218, the Rajya Sabha was informed today.Minister of State for HRD D Purandeswari said during Question Hour that as per the Quacquarelli Symonds global system of ranking of higher education institutions for 2011, IIT-Delhi is the overall highest ranking institution in India at serial number 218.\"As per the Times Higher Education World University Rankings for 2011, IIT-Bombay is the highest ranked institution at serial 317, while the Academic Ranking of World Universities has ranked Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore at serial 321,\" she said.As per the 2011 QS Engineering &amp; Technology Rankings, IIT-Bombay is at serial 43, IIT-Delhi at 50, IIT-Kanpur at 59 and IIT-Madras at 60 in Computer Science and Information Technology.In the same ranking system in Civil and Structural Engineering, IIT-Bombay is ranked at serial 30, IIT-Kanpur at serial 38 and IIT-Delhi at serial 43.As per QS Global Business School Report, 2012, Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad has been ranked second in the Asia Pacific region, next to INSEAD (Institut Europeen d Administration des Affairs), Singapore while IIM-Bangalore, Indian School of Business, IIM-Calcutta and SP Jain Institute of Management and Research, Mumbai figure in the top 20 institutes.According to Financial Times London Global Buiness School rankings, IIM-Ahmedabad is at serial 11 and Indian School of Business at serial 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461459", "title": "Court says Gafoor\u2019s heirs can pursue his petition", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday said that the heirs of deceased former Mumbai police commissioner Hasan Gafoor can pursue his petition for quashing summons issued to him by a Chandigarh magistrate's court.The HC on March 11, 2011 had stayed the summons and admitted a petition to decide if it has the jurisdiction to entertain Gafoor's petition. The magistrate had issued the summons in January 2011 on a complaint by Hoshiar Singh, father of inspector general (Konkan range) Param Bir Singh. The complainant was aggrieved by Gafoor's interview to a magazine relating to his fellow officers' role during the 26/11 terror attacks. His complaint said that \"his family has been defamed\" on account of Gafoor's utterances.Gafoor's interview appeared in November 2009 that quoted him as allegedly saying: \"A section of senior police officers refused to be on the ground and take on the terrorists. By doing so, they chose to ignore the need of the hour.\" Gafoor was the Mumbai commissioner of police when the attacks took place. He retired in December 2010 as director general (ACB). He died on March 12, 2012 following a cardiac arrest.Gafoor's advocate said he will take instructions and inform the court. However, since Justice Kode recused himself from the case, the matter will be placed before another bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465509", "title": "Irony: Mineral water being sold on Ganga ghats", "text": "VARANASI: It is an irony that while a river which was once popular for its pure water is flowing unclean, mineral water bottles are being sold and purchased on its ghats to quench thirst. \"Pyas bhujhane ki niyat se ab ye pani koi nahi istemal karta hai (Water from the Ganga is not used for quenching thirst these days).Gone are the days when we would drink as many as two-three litre of river water in one go while sailing on the river. In fact, we used to fill river water in buckets and keep it with us for the day for drinking purpose, it was so clean. Apart from the ritual of Achman (taking the river water as holy prasad), there is no good reason to drink the water anymore,\" recalled Pandit Jitendra Pandey, a priest on Sheetla Ghat.\"A giant river is in front of me, but I have to go upstairs and buy a bottled mineral water to quench my thurst,\" rued Amit Dwivedi, a college student, on his morning walk on the ghat. According to him, even the water supply from the taps at the ghats cannot be trusted much as the river water is very polluted.River Ganga, know for its healthy benefits and medicinal values apart from religious significance, has been sustaining thousands of life forms, linking culture and religion in Varanasi. However, even the dwellers on the ghats believe that the river water is losing the vitality and is not fit for drinking as it had been some 15 years ago.\"Nearly 70-75 bottles of mineral water are sold every day from my shop. Apart from foreign and domestic tourists who are believed to have delicate stomach, even beggars do not prefer drinking water from the river, they all keep a bottle with them to fetch water from a public tap on a daily basis,\" informed Rameshwar Gupta, a vendor at Dasaswamedh Ghat.It is noteworthy that the river takes care of nearly 45% of the water supply in the city. According to P N Yadav, general manager, Jal Kal, Varanasi, city's drinking water supply amounts to as many as 325 mld out of which 125 mld is supplied by the Ganga while the remaining 200 mld water comes from private and public borings at various areas of the city. The entire trans-Varuna area and some recently developed localities in cis-Varuna are supplied groundwater exclusively.If the statistics of the Jal Kal are to be believed, it is clear that the Ganga is a major source of drinking water for most of the parts of the city. On the other hand, the growing dependency of the denizens on mineral water is projecting the fact on how the river is faith ridden in terms of safe drinking water.\"The supply of treated mineral water can reach 1,000-1,500 litres in a day during summers. In fact, the regular supply at various offices, homes, hostels and hotels is more than the total litres of supply in the city during wedding and other ceremonies in one season,\" claimed P K Shukla of a mineral water unit at Ram Katora.According to him, there were only a few customers in the past four to five years, and there were only two-three units of the mineral water companies. However, over time, the number of customers has increased to 40%. At the same time, approximately 150 mineral water companies and their distribution units have been set up in different localities in the city. Some big names in the field of mineral water are also setting up their plants on the outskirts of the city as more and more people are getting dependent on the mineral water.Mansi Arora, a resident of Siddheshwari Mohal, said: \"We cannot trust supply water and therefore we arrange for mineral water cans on daily basis.\" For outstation students and working people who are dwelling in the city, mineral water cans and bottles have become a daily necessity. Akanksha Gupta, a student of Banaras Hindu University, says: \"Water supply is very bad in our area. One has to filter the same water again and again to make sure that it is suitable for drinking. Living in a rented room, one cannot be dependent on water purifiers, so mineral water is the only option. There is no risk factor attached to it at least, unlike the Ganga water supplied.\"However, according to Jal Kal, the Ganga water undergoes series of filtration process. There are 26 filtration beds with a capacity of 250 mld of water. The water, thus purified, is then supplied to clear water reservoirs (CWR) where it is chlorinated and is then supplied to pump houses and then to homes. According to Yadav, elements like calcium, nitrates should not be present in the river. However, on filtration, it is found that these pollutants are present as residue, although in lesser quantity.It is noteworthy that the Ganga water has maximum quantity of dissolved oxygen (DO) in comparison to any other river in the world. It is only Ganga's water in which dissolved oxygen can be found up to 12 mg per litre while the other rivers have only seven-eight mg per litre oxygen. The Ganga also has medicinal qualities to kill harmful bacteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463193", "title": "Anti-chain snatching drive: 150 bikers fined", "text": "GURGAON: Police conducted a special drive to crack down on bike-borne chain snatchers in new Gurgaon on Thursday evening. In Sushant Lok area, 21 police teams rounded up around 150 bikers and asked for vehicle papers and other relevant documents. Owners of vehicles not having valid documents were and challaned.\"We launched the drive to prevent snatching and vehicle theft cases. Our teams are zeroing in on one area per day to conduct the drive. The campaign will go on for a few more days,\" said DCP (east) Maheswar Dayal.The drive was started from Sushant Lok area between 4pm and 7pm on Thursday with 21 teams of cops. Commuters too were surprised to see so many policemen on the roads. According to Krishan Murari, ACP (Sadar), all SHOs of DLF area were supervising the teams. During the drive, police also rounded up several anti-social elements for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462218", "title": "Reduction of VAT on petrol notified", "text": "PANAJI: One of the most populist of Manohar Parrikar's election promises-reduction of the price of petrol by 11 per litre-was fulfilled on Thursday with the reduction being notified in the official gazette. The reduction in petrol will become effective from April 2, 2012.With the VAT component on the price of petrol virtually eliminated, petrol in Goa will now be cheaper by 10.87. The present petrol price of 65-odd will drop to around 54.65.The decision has attracted nationwide attention with the central government urging other states to follow suit. The decision led to some questioning whether people from neighbouring states would flock to Goa to smuggle petrol. Parrikar said the government has henceforth banned sale of petrol in barrels or cans and that there will be strict monitoring at the borders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12466884", "title": "Email more popular than social networking in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facebook, Twitter might be flavour of the season, but email remains more popular than social media as a method of internet communication for Indians, says a survey.According to global research firm Ipsos, 68 per cent of people across India, who are connected online, send and receive emails while about 60 per cent communicate via social networking sites.\"Internet penetration in India has been very good in recent years, however, relative to country like China, India still does lack behind,\" Biswarup Banerjee, Head of Marketing &amp; Communications, Ipsos in India said.Only 25 per cent use voice-over IP ( VOIP ) for audio conversations conducted via an internet connection.The Indian trend of communicating online is largely similar to the global scenario, as a strong majority (85 per cent) of online-connected global citizens in 24 countries use the internet for emails. Globally, 60 per cent use it for social networking, and little over one in ten use the internet for connecting with people through voice-over IP.According to industry estimates, 103.6 million people will go online in 2012, and the number of users is expected to more than double to 221.6 million by 2015.\"This along with proliferation of internet access through smart phone will further increase the usage of email, social networking sites and other online communication tools,\" said Banerjee.Incidentally, according to another Ipsos survey, around 40 million Indians access the internet through their smart phones, 56 per cent of smartphone users in the country access the internet multiple times a day. Nearly 40 per cent surf the net at least once a day and only 6 per cent never use their phone for connecting to the Web.Internet users in Hungary (94 per cent) are most likely to say they use the web for emailing, followed by nine in ten of those in Sweden (92 per cent), Belgium (91 per cent), Indonesia (91 per cent), Argentina (90 per cent) and Poland (90 per cent).Meanwhile, 83 per cent of Indonesians access the net for social media, in Argentina the figure stands at 76 per cent, Russia (75 per cent) and seven in ten of those in South Africa (73 per cent), Sweden (72 per cent), Spain (71 per cent) and Hungary (70 per cent).\"Although Facebook and other popular social networking sites, blogs and forums , were founded in the United States the percentage of users was lower at six in 10, and in Japan it fell to 35 per cent, the lowest of the 24 countries in the global survey,\" added Banerjee.Ipsos interviewed a total of 19,216 adults in the month of February in an online survey across 24 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466276", "title": "Madhya Pradesh has come of age in cricket: Scindia", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) felicitated the senior and junior cricket teams for their outstanding performance in the season, here on Wednesday.Madhya Pradesh apart from Mumbai had qualified in all age categories senior Ranji, U-22 and U-19 teams respectively.The MPCA gave a cash award of Rs 25 lakhs for MP Ranji team , U-22 team was awarded Rs four lakh while U-19 team was awarded Rs two lakh.T Sudhindra and Naman Ojha were given Madhavrao Scindia achievement award, while in junior category the award was won by three players Rameez Khan, Satyam Choudhary and Shantanu Sharma.Speaking during the function, MPCA president Jyotiraditya Scinda said hardwork by players from all age categories of MP teams has helped them to bring laurels to the state.He said many budding talent had emerged in Ujjain, Sagar, Jabalpur divisions. Scindia added five players from MP were selected for the IPL which in itself was a great achievement.Commentator's room named after Doshi unveiledJyotiraditya Scindia, onThursday, unveiled the commentators' room named after famous Hindi commentator of Indore Sushil Doshi at Holkar Cricket Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12462015", "title": "Ancient sculptures find place amidst rubble", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ancient sculptures and idols of gods and goddesses still lay desolate in the rubble at the state archaeology department's Srisailam Pavilion museum on Thursday. Officials of the department said that the moving of these idols is the responsibility of the civil works contractor entrusted with the task of renovating the Srisailam Pavilion. They said that funds to the tune of Rs 1.53 crore had been earmarked for the museum.But conservation experts are appalled by the fact that the otherwise meticulous job of moving priceless pieces of history and art has been entrusted to KCP Projects, a civil works contracting company in Gagan Pahad. On Thursday, workers were finally moving the sculptures. However, they were using bamboo sticks as fulcrum and were dragging the priceless sculptures across the construction debris. A department official said that once the items are moved they would be covered with tarpaulin and plastic sheets. He maintained that there was nothing wrong with the way the statues were being dragged through the debris. P Chenna Reddy, director, state archaeology, refused to speak on the subject.An official of the department on condition of anonymity said that the government is responsible for the crumbling edifice of the department of archaeology and museums. He added that the department is understaffed and cash-strapped. \"There has been no recruitment in the past 20 years. It comes as no surprise that we are facing a problem with manpower. Also, more than 70 per cent of the work force comprises class IV employees. There aren't enough qualified people available. In addition to this, the civil works contractor has been giving us problems,\" he noted.Experts note that only skilled people under the supervision of technical and conservation engineers should move these idols. Drawing out the basic conservation guideline, experts said that sculptures of manageable size should be bubble wrapped or covered with thick gunny bags given that any damage to the delicately carved features would make the sculpture worthless. \"A construction company is ill equipped to deal with such things,\" said an expert.TIMES VIEWThe state archaeology department has made a mockery of conservation. It is quite an irony that on one hand it shows determination, albeit misplaced, to look for a treasure trove in the heart of the city based on a single letter it receives and on the other it fails in complying with basic conservation norms to conserve artifacts in its own office. The department's apathy is reflected in the poor state of monuments across AP and that even small artifacts in the department office are treated indifferently, is a shame. It's time the state takes its heritage seriously before it loses it all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462890", "title": "Life term awarded to 2 deputy jailers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Meerut court on Thursday awarded life sentence to two deputy jailers for masterminding the killing of their colleague in 2007. The court order has once again exposed the nexus between the jailed mafia dons and the prison staff.Deputy jailer Narendra Dwivedi was shot dead outside a shopping mall in Meerut. Within 24 hours of the murder, the slain deputy jailer's father Dayaram Dwivedi had lodged complaint expressing his suspicion about the involvement of his son's colleagues deputy jailers Avinash Chauhan and R K Singh. They were soon taken into custody.Investigations revealed that Dwivedi took the initiative of imposing strict checks on inmates as per the directions of the prison department headquarters. This meant trouble for his fellow deputy jailers as they were making good money by allowing the high profile gangsters to operate from behind the bars.Dwivedi was killed when he had gone to shop with his family. He was waiting in his car for his wife and children outside a Mall near Jail Chungi crossing, when motorcycle-borne miscreants shot him dead.After over four years of trial in the Meerut sessions court, the two deputy jailers were finally pronounced guilty.Dwivedi's was not an isolated case. In Lucknow, jailer Ashok Gautam and jail superintendent R K Tiwari were murdered in almost a similar fashion in separate incidents within a span of two years in the early 1990s. There were also similar incidents involving junior prison staff, who were helping jailed criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12466629", "title": "No solace yet in sight for parking woes", "text": "HUBLI: The sudden spurt in the number of vehicles in the fast growing commercial city of Hubli has compounded the woes of vehicle users and pedestrians alike.Due to lack of parking space, two-wheeler riders often park their vehicles hazardously on the footpath, making it troublesome for pedestrians. In many areas, footpaths have been encroached by roadside vendors. People are left with no option, but walk on the busy roads, risking their lives.Facilities like paid parking and free parking zones available in some areas notwithstanding, vehicles are often seen parked on the footpath, in front of commercial complexes and even at no-parking zones. Parking space allotted by the police department and the city corporation is in no way enough to accommodate the growing number of vehicles. According to Corporation sources, there are 60-65 parking places allotted to cater to the need of vehicle users in the city.However, narrow roads and lack of parking space at busy areas like Dajibanpeth, Janata Bazar market, Koppikar road, Durgad bail and court circle make the life hell for road users.\"Many business establishments do not have parking space on their premises. Owners of shops park their vehicles in front of their shops leaving little space for customers' vehicles,\" Rajesh K, a resident, said.Narrow roads to blameEven as vehicle users grumble about space crunch, the authorities concerned say they do not have any magic wand to find a permanent solution for the problem.ACP (Traffic) N S Patil told TOI that the population and vehicles are increasing every day.\"City roads are narrow and providing parking space for all vehicles is difficult. The corporation must make it mandatory that all commercial complexes provide parking lot on its premises. We are imposing penalty regularly on owners whoever park their vehicles on footpath and no-parking zone in the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463000", "title": "Trafficked kids forced into labour, prostitution", "text": "GURGAON: During the past eight months, Childline (1908) intervened in 182 cases where children were in need of care and protection. The victims included kids trafficked for labour, prostitution and forced marriages. Many of them hailed from villages of Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Orissa and Assam.According to the NGO Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline in Gurgaon, over 100 cases were related to trafficking alone, many of which involved prostitution and child labour.Subir Roy, director, programmes and projects, said, \"There are about eight cases where FIRs were registered in Gurgaon itself.In most other cases, complaints were registered in the victim's home states.\"Missing cases followed those of trafficking. Over 30 such cases were reported in the span of the past eight months. Rishi Kant, spokesperson, Shakti Vahini, said, \"Trafficked children are promised good jobs in big cities. They fall easy prey as they belong to extremely poor families which find it difficult to get meals twice a day. But life is far from what they are promised. They are made to work for long hours, never get paid and in many cases sexually abused.\"\"This is a common story of hundreds of men women and children, who are trafficked on the pretext of a good job in city, Kant added.In a particular incident (in December 2011), one trafficked minor was rescued from Rajouri Garden by a joint operation of the crime branch, Delhi Police and Shakti Vahini. The minor girl was allegedly employed by an illegally run placement agency in Gurgaon. The girl was trafficked along with her minor cousin by one Jairam Urao and they were then sold to a placement agency in Gurgaon. While one minor was rescued, the whereabouts of the other is yet to be ascertained.In another case, Sonia (name changed) was trafficked from Manipur in March last year by one Bikku Rampal and sold for marriage in Gurgaon. The minor girl was rescued by the NGO with the help of Gurgaon Police. The case was registered at the Sekmai police station in Manipur.During the rescue, the girl was found in a traumatic condition. Four accused - Bikku Rampal, Ashok Damu, Vijay Mahto and Arun Rampal were arrested in the crime.In August 2011, a major sex racket was busted by Childline and Haryana police. The racket was run by a married couple who allegedly bought young women trafficked from various states and forced them into prostitution. Three women were rescued by the police with the support of the NGO.The gang was busted after one of the victims was spotted by a team of the NGO in the Kamla Market area of central Delhi.She disclosed that she belongs to Bihar and had been brought to the capital about a year ago by her husband. Her husband sold her off to a woman living in Gurgaon for Rs 60,000. Since then she was forced to sex trade. Roy informed Childline also receives local child labour cases along with those related to medical emergency, exam stress and restoration of children to their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12462351", "title": "Sal river reduced to a nullah, must be restored: Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Following recent efforts by Navelim locals who identified various points along storm water drains from which sewage was found leaking into River Sal, chief minister Manohar Parrikar alongwith Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado visited Khareband on Thursday to take stock of the situation.Several locals had called upon government officials on Tuesday after they found deep gutters dug up in Khareband from which sewage was flowing into the Sal river. Parrikar, after visiting the discharge point in Khareband, called for a meeting next Thursday with government officials concerned and said that issues would be taken up including upgradation of the existing sewerage treatment plant (STP) at Navelim.As a stop gap measure, Parrikar instructed PWD officials to construct a sewerage chamber to collect sewage from the gutters to prevent any further contamination of the river. He also asked officials to construct a sewerage line from the sewerage chamber to the existing STP near Salpem lake.Addressing mediapersons later, Parrikar expressed his disgust over the high pollution levels in the Sal river. \"This is worse than the St Inez creek. Sewage water is being discharged into the river. The river stinks and its colour is something you can't even imagine. The river has been reduced to a 'nullah'. We need to start 'Mission River Sal Clean Up', and will work out some solution. My job is to try and restore the river back. For that we will have to cut off the source of pollution,\" Parrikar said, adding that he has instructed the pollution control board to arrive at a solution for the issue.Parrikar visited the site of the under-construction Sinquetim bridge and listened to the grievances of locals opposing it.\"The bridge is almost 40 % complete. We will consider if the remaining 60% of funds can be saved, or effect some structural modifications, or even scrap it altogether,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12463263", "title": "Ghaziabad Development Authority makes plans for smooth traffic movement on NH-24", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad Development Authority has finally been given a nudge by the state government to make commuting between the NCR and Delhi smoother. A new plan has been proposed to decongest the NH-24. A team of NHAI and GDA officials did a recce of the highway and decided to work on laying new service lanes and constructing underpasses to divert traffic for smooth movement of vehicles.Giving details about the project, GDA vice chairman Santosh Yadav the authority will utilize existing underpasses at Shipra Mall and the carbon factory along NH-24 for diverting traffic. The authority has also proposed to build three new underpasses along the stretch from Lal Kuan to UP Gate, the locations of which would be soon decided. Besides, new service roads at Chhajarsi, CISF turn and Kalapathar would be constructed parallel to the highway to streamline traffic between Ghaziabad and Noida.In addition to these, three foot overbridges (FOB) have been planned, each at district collectorate, Vijay Nagar and Khoda so that pedestrians do not face problems crossing the highway. Yadav said, \"We have given a detailed presentation to NHAI regarding these proposals and they have agreed to all of them in principle.\"GDA has also invited suggestions from the public for better planning and implementation of policies. These suggestions will be shared through phone, mobiles phones and cyber space.The authority also announced that allottees in various schemes can get their plots up to 300 sqm approved within a single working day. In addition, from next month, approval of building plans will also be done within a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463020", "title": "Bureaucracy will be made transparent, accountable: State chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"UP is a problematic state which needs corrective measures from grassroots level to top administrative level in order to make delivery mechanism effective and harness full development potential of the state,\" said newly appointed chief secretary Jawed Usmani.An IAS topper of 1978 batch, Usmani who has returned to his parent UP cadre after 16 years, said his assessment of the state was based on his past experience and perception formed over these years.\"I have just joined and need some more time to have a deeper insight on the state,\" he said, adding that he has started review meetings of all departments for this purpose.Usmani served as principal secretary with Mulayam Singh Yadav between 1993 and 1995 and later went on deputation to the Centre. He was posted in the Prime Minister's Office before moving to a World Bank assignment in Washington.He was shifted as secretary Planning Commission of India barely a couple of days before he returned to UP as chief secretary on March 23.Speaking to TOI, the chief secretary said his first priority is to address the issue of good governance, corruption and discourage politicisation of the bureaucracy.As for the institution of the chief secretary, Usmani said he would strive hard to regain its glory and ensure that things percolated down from here are taken seriously by the administration.A roadmap conceived for this purpose, he said, was to pick right officials for right places and discourage those whose credibility, integrity and credentials are doubtful.Transparency in the administration and accountability of officers would be injected in bureaucracy to make it performance-oriented, he added.Clearly showing a drift from the previous government's policy of confrontation with the Centre, Usmani said he would accord top priority to the implementation of the Centre's flagship programmes like MNREGA, NHRM and Education for All to remove rural unemployment, improve healthcare facilities and widen the scope of education. The chief secretary said he would personally monitor these schemes and ensure their flawless execution.As for the power sector, he said it is a critical area which needs the greatest attention in order to boost the overall development of the state and create atmosphere conducive to the growth of industry.He said private investors would be roped in to set up power plants in the state.What was disturbing, he said, is poor recovery of power dues and admitted that this needs great emphasis.He said a new policy would be soon announced for this purpose and stringent action would be taken against the defaulters.With regard to the agriculture sector, Usmani said in spite of all odds, state has done fairly well on this front. Its foodgrain production was the highest (400 lakh tonnes) in the current year. This includes 316 lakh tonnes of wheat and 139 lakh tonnes of rice.As compared to the national average of 2% growth rate of agriculture sector, UP has attained a growth rate of 4%. But still there is lot of potential and this could be achieved by way of giving better inputs and technical knowhow to farmers, who are largely small and marginal having less than two to three acres of farming land.Another critical area of emphasis, he said, would be infrastructure and road network.A plan under consideration for this purpose is to attract private investors and construct new roads on the basis of toll scheme. These private investors will not only be involved in road construction, but also in road maintenance, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463351", "title": "Sale of swine flu vaccine shoots up", "text": "JAIPUR: The sale of swine flu vaccine in Jaipur has picked up slightly after the H1N1 virus returned to haunt the people.Since March 1, more than 21 persons in the city have tested positive for swine flu and two have died. Rising cases of the flu have prompted people to opt for vaccination against it.The swine flu vaccines of various companies are easily available in the market in the price bracket of Rs 500-Rs 600. Since the demand of the vaccine is not high, not all medical shops are selling it. But there are shops where the vaccine is available.A swine flu vaccine wholesale dealer Praveen Agarwal said, \"I am selling around 1,000 units of vaccines of four companies per month. But in March the demand shot up by 10 to 20%.\"Besides, health experts warned against taking the vaccination for general use. \"If a case of swine flu is reported in an area, then the people in the family and in the neighbourhood can get vaccinated. But, as a routine prevention, it is not necessary to get vaccinated. It is not a routine vaccine. But, it is upto the people to decide,\" SD Sharma, superintendent, JK Lon hospital, said.The effect of the vaccine remains for a year.It is advisable for the doctors, nurses and paramedical staff to get vaccinated against the disease as they are at high risk of contracting infection. While doctors in private hospitals have already been vaccinated against swine flu but doctors in government hospitals are yet to be vaccinated.Sharma said, \"Last year, we all got vaccinated against swine flu but we are yet to be vaccinated this year as we have already sent the requirement to the medical department.\"Private hospitals are much ahead in protecting themselves against the flu. The flu vaccine stockists said that major consumers of the vaccine are doctors and paramedical staff. Dr RS Khedar, a private hospital senior consultant, internal medicine, said, \"All our staff has been vaccinated against swine flu.\"He said, \"When we are at high risk, it is necessary to get vaccinated against the disease, which is contagious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462840", "title": "Defence ministry gets HC notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday issued notice to the ministry of defence following a petition complaining that the Centre has not complied with an earlier HC order to approach the International Court of Justice for release of 54 1971-war prisoners (PoWs) still in Pakistani jails. Late Lt Gen Jagjit Singh Aurora had filed the petition in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462697", "title": "Is our city internet ready?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The regional transport office (RTO) at Ahmedabad started receiving online applications for learner's licence from March 1. Residents in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar will have to register before approaching RTO for the e-examination.As per the estimates of Internet and Mobile Association of India (IMAI), the city has an Internet user base of 17 lakh, one of the highest in eight metros as in 2011. The figure includes household connection, Internet data card sales and Internet access. However, the user base has not been converted into active users in terms of public services offered online.Bhagwanbhai Rathod, a resident of Ranip and an applicant at RTO on Thursday, was desperate to get a date for his learner's licence. However, he was directed towards a nearby cyber cafe by the RTO officials. He told TOI that he is not averse to the idea of online application but there should be a window for men like him who are not technology savvy.The same issue was faced by ration card applicants when the association of ration shop owners had taken up a fight with the state government. The government wanted to introduce transparency in functioning of ration shops and thus they devised a plan whereby applicants would have to give their biometric data to cyber cafes and procure coupons to be used as tokens to get civil supplies.\"Today, less than 20 per cent shop owners in the state function on the basis of these coupons. The main reason was non-availability of cyber cafes for the real users of the scheme. The same can be said about the e-gram yojna floated by the state government. The need of the hour is to make the system competent first,\" said Prahlad Modi, president of ration shop owners association of the state. The state government also toyed with an e-voting option for civic elections and offered it to selected areas in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat and Rajkot. Ahmedabad registered 99 voters, whereas Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot had 37, 27 and 10 voters.\"The Internet administration has to coexist with the conventional systems for a while. While people are open to better online systems, the user base needs to be educated. Many government sites don't function properly or lack trouble-shooting mechanism. In such a scenario, generating trust is the only way out,\" said a city-based bureaucrat on the condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461784", "title": "Leakage of letter an act of treason: Gen V K Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General V K Singh on Thursday termed leak of his letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on defence preparedness an act of treason as well as an attempt to tarnish his reputation, rebutting the perception in many quarters that his supporters could be behind the disclosure.\"My official communication with the PM and defence minister is privileged communication. The leakage of the letter should be treated as high treason. The cynical approach to tarnish my reputation should stop. Sources of the leakage should be found and dealt with ruthlessly,\" said the Army chief.His comments, in a mailed statement, came a day after the leak of the letter highlighting \"critical hollowness\" in the army's operational capabilities outraged Parliament, with many politicians demanding his sack.General Singh's strong denial of any involvement in the leak coincided with defence minister A K Antony's declaring that he would not to spare those behind the letter being published. Although both spoke in a similar tone, calling the leak an anti-national act, the chief's statement is sure to keep waters muddied.Many may read the statement in the light of a factional feud in top echelons of the Army, as well as government's dispute with the Army chief over Gen Singh's failed bid to get his year of birth revised. In fact, retired naval chief, Admiral Ramdas blamed Antony for the leak, saying that it could be meant to distract attention from corruption scams. But most commentators felt that letter's contents deeply embarrassed the government.Admiral Ramdas also said that no soldier, let alone the Army chief, would leak a letter addressed to the PM and dealing with his force's operational capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12467176", "title": "A special evening of Navaratra food", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Navaratra days on, three families who have been fasting religiously planned a special party to make the most of this festival. They headed to a local restaurant offering special Navaratra food and had a gala time together.Rajeev Mittal, a businessman from BRS Nagar, said his two other friends Raman Rishiraj, a businessman from Model Town and Deepak Khanna, another businessman from Rajgurur Nagar, joined them along with their families.While Rajeev brought his wife Aarti and children Tanish and Yuvraj along, Raman came with his wife Neenu and daughters Garima and Ritika. Deepak joined them with his wife Deepti and son Jai.\"We enjoyed the special Navratra food while having a great time together as it was after a long time that all of us had met,\" said Neenu.Deepak said the party turned out to be a nice way to spend quality time with family and friends. a??a??We strictly had only Navaratra food and enjoyed a lot with our kids around,\" he added.The food was tasty. We got to share a lot of gossip we had been missing on about each other's school and friends. There were discussions about Balwant Singh Rajoana as well,\" saidTanish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461972", "title": "Neeri meet to determine line of action on industrial ecology", "text": "NAGPUR: Carbon trading and ISO certifications are being increasingly sought after by many companies. The government is also being more serious about environmental impact assessment. Yet, there is much scope for more stringent laws being practiced in the country.Scientists, activists, corporates and government officials discussed various aspects of law in the country and the further action that requires to be taken as the international conference organized by National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri). This was among the various topics discussed among the recent developments in Environmental Impact Assessment and integrated approach for carbon management.\"India has started drawing up laws on environment for industries to follow since late seventies. It was only about reviewing the compliances of certain norms then. A decade later, detailed notifications were drawn up for EIA. The types of projects under surveillance have increased constantly thereafter and several amendments have come about. It is important for all stakeholders to be appraised about these changes,\" said DS Ramteke, NEERI scientist and the organizing secretary of the conference. He added that the meet would also take into consideration the future course of action to keep in tune with the changing world.\"The laws in the country are not too stringent, but desirably good. We have borrowed a lot from the more developed countries in the West. Whether or not they are suited to the kind of socio-economic situation we have here is a subjective matter,\" said Apurba Gupta, member of the ministry of environment and forestry's expert appraisal committee for infrastructure, miscellaneous and coastal regulation zone. He believes that we need to strike a balance between what can be and should be done in this regard.\"Wastage is largely a problem of the West. Recycling, reusing and maximum utilization of resources has been a part of our culture and our way of living. We have also believed in protecting and worshipping nature rather than plundering it,\" said Srikanta Panigrahi, director general of a not-for-profit organization Carbon Minus India (CMI). He believes that everybody has a quota of resources and permissible limits of causing pollution. \"Internationally, there is a controversy alleging India to be the third largest polluting country. We have policies only related to carbon management and none in terms of climate change or usage of green house gases (GHGs). We don't even have a mission reduction target. These issues need to be addressed soon,\" he said.SK Bhargava, chairman of Uttar Pradesh state expert appraisal committee, believed that several steps in the right direction have already been taken in this regard. \"We have tried limiting the per capita daily consumption of water from 135 litres to 86 litres in UP. There is also encouragement for sewage treatment in group housing projects as well as dual plumbing, one for fresh water the other for treated,\" he said. There is a need to create awareness against the use of products having GHGs and clean development mechanism and making people act on individual level, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12466052", "title": "Bumboo: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Jagdish RajpurohitCast: Kevin Dave, Sharat Saxena, Sanjay MishraRemade from a 1973 French play and film ' L'emmerdeur ' which was released in English as ' A Pain in the A** ', the makers seemed too tempted to title the film as ' Bumboo ' - that literally implies getting screwed in life. Going by the Hindi title, one would assume that the characters in the film are stuck in tricky situations. But soon enough one realizes that it's actually the viewer who has landed himself into a situation and their only response to the film is it lives up to its English title.A scamster convict (Sudhir Pande) is being shifted from Mumbai to Goa under police custody. A sharpshooter (Sharat Saxena) is hired to assassinate him outside Goa court. A journalist (Kevin Dave) is appointed to click him getting shot outside the court. Incidentally the two end up as neighbours in the same hotel.The murder-mission goes for a complete toss as the photo-shooter emotionally blackmails the sharpshooter to help him win back to his ex-wife. Meanwhile as the convict keeps puking and farting through the transit and delays his arrival in Goa, the film turns into an endless journey as the hotel neighbours add to your trauma with their eternal buffoonery.Having not seen the original, it's unfair to comment how entertaining the French work was. But considering it was remade thrice, one can give it the benefit of doubt of at least being inspiring enough. Alas the Hindi adaptation is purely painful. The actors are not just loud, they are screechy. The film tries too hard to be funny but the jokes constantly fall flat. The gags range from toilet humour to gay jokes and are consistently repulsive.The entire film is stretched over a single conflict of the forced camaraderie between the hotel neighbours and to such an extent that it gets on your nerves. Thereby this one-dimensional film, comprising of a bunch of wannabe actors, turns into an endless exercise of slapstick. Amidst all this you keep wondering how the director didn't realize the obvious that the film was going out of hands. Until you come to know that even he is a part of the clowning cast.Every actor in the cast works towards a common goal - to ham and scream more than the other. So it's difficult to decide who you detest more from Kevin Dave, Sharat Saxena, Sanjay Mishra, Sumit Kaul and Sudhir Pande.At the end Bumboo lives up to its name and ensures that it is a pain in your ....!Verdict: Poor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463458", "title": "Two heroin smugglers get 10-yr RI", "text": "CHENNAI: A special court has sentenced two men, caught transporting 44 kg of heroin in 2002, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment. Roshan Khan and Ashok were also fined 1 lakh and2 lakh by C Chinnappan, principal special judge for cases under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS), 1985.The prosecution said the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) received a tip-off about heroin being smuggled out of the state on May 17, 2002 and conducted searches across the city. NCB officers spotted a SUV moving at high speed on GST Road near Madurantakam. When they followed the vehicle, its occupants attempted to flee but crashed into an electricity pole. The boot of the car flew open and the NCB officers found heroin concealed inside. The NCB found that a gang had planned to transport heroin from Chennai to Kanyakumari by road and then to Sri Lanka by sea.Seven persons were accused in the case. Since Roshan Khan and Ashok were on the run, the others were convicted earlier. Roshan and Ashok were arrested in 2009.In another case, two men were sentenced to eight years in jail for trying to smuggle 5kg of heroin in September 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462199", "title": "Rural market for stolen vehicles: Police commissioner", "text": "NASHIK: Contrary to popular belief that vehicles stolen from the city, mainly bikes and two-wheelers, are being sold in other cities or states, Nashik police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said in an interview with TOI that such vehicles were actually being sold in the rural areas in Nashik district at throwaway prices.\"Vehicles that have been recovered so far have been found to have been sold in the rural areas of the district at throwaway prices,\" he added, pointing out that visits by police officials to other cities, including the Kurla second-hand vehicle market in Mumbai, had revealed that vehicles from Nashik were not being sold there. He said that farmers in rural areas of the district were willing to buy the vehicles at a throwaway price and use them locally without valid documents.Incidentally, vehicle thefts have been a major problem in Nashik city, with mainly bikes disappearing from market places, office areas, residential colonies and even independent bungalows in almost every part of the city.In 2009, as many as 850 vehicles were stolen, and 41 more were stolen in 2010. Last year, the number of vehicles crossed the 1,000 mark. Meanwhile, this year too, on an average three to four vehicles are stolen daily. For instance, on Tuesday, three vehicles were reported stolen from different parts of the city and on Monday the number stood at five.Nashikites have often wondered where stolen vehicles are sold and how could there be such a big market for them? It was generally believed that vehicles are either sold in other cities or states at cheaper rates, or they are dismantled and sold in parts in auto spare parts shops.Recently, 10 vehicles were recovered by the Panchavati police and cops maintained that the vehicles were meant to be sold in the rural areas of the district. In a bid to control the menace, the police have started a drive to check vehicles through nakabandis. Though nakabandis have been underway for over a month, they have not deterred vehicle thieves from continuing with their daily routine.A few months back, there were reports that the city and the rural police would take up a joint initiative to check vehicles in the rural areas of the district. However, this has not materialized yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12464203", "title": "Building violations draw DMK ire", "text": "MADURAI: The DMK has punched holes in the Madurai civic body's attempt to regularize buildings that have violated height norms around the Meenakshi Amman temple.A former DMK councillor and the party's mayoral candidate in the last local body elections has alleged that the show cause notices issued by the civic body to violators was invalid as it was not approved by the corporation standing committee. Besides, he alleged that civic body officials had allowed the violations all these years and should be brought to book first.\"Only the standing committee is authorized to give the nod for issuing show cause notices. Those issued without the approval of the standing committee are null and void. This, being the legal procedure, the city corporation has arbitrarily issued show cause notices,\" said M Packianathan, who unsuccessfully contested for the mayor's post against AIADMK's Rajan Chellappa.The civic body has issued show cause notices to as many as 790 buildings that were found to exceed the prescribed nine-metre height in the four Masi streets around Meenakshi Amman temple. The buildings include residential and commercial structures. The owners have been asked to explain to the civic body within seven days on the violations, some of which exist for more than two decades. The action comes in the wake of a public interest litigation filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court that alleged that the tall buildings blocked view of the 'gopurams' of the temple.Refuting Packianathan's charge, Chellappa said, \"This is only a preliminary exercise aimed at fact-finding. Once we get the reply from the building owners we will place it before the standing committee. We will then get a legal opinion and proceed with the demolition, if required.\"Packianathan has also urged collector U Sagayam, who heads the local planning authority to intervene and probe the role of officials in allowing the irregularities in buildings to continue for all these years. \"What were the officials doing all these years? We raised the issue back in 2004 itself. But officials dumped the issue in cold storage. Now they are issuing show cause notices threatening to demolish the buildings. It is not fair to penalize the violators alone. Officials should also face the music,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagercoil", "code": "12463463", "title": "Home minister team raids N-activist\u2019s house in Nagercoil", "text": "NAGERCOIL: Two days after anti-nuclear activist S P Udayakumar withdrew his fast, foreign contribution regulation (FCR) officials from the Union home ministry raided his house at Nagercoil, on Thursday.Home ministry officials arrived at Udayakumar's house, coordinator of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy ( PMANE), in Nagercoil in the morning. His parents were at home and his wife, Meera, who works at the school run by her husband, was summoned home. Officials verified all documents pertaining to the Saccer Trust and the school run by the couple. Udayakumar was at the protest site in Idinthakarai when the officials visited his house. Police sources said that the raid lasted from 10am to 2pm. Police accompanied the officials to the house of Udayakumar and escorted them back.The raid comes in wake of the Central government charges that foreign NGOs were funding the protests. Udayakumar in turn has shot off legal notices to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Union minister Narayanaswamy and Congress leader E V K S Ilangovan for alleging that he was misusing foreign funds. Last month, a German man was deported on charges of funding the protests.Udayakumar said a foreign private foundation gave 4.35 lakh to procure a bus for Saccer School. \"We have also taken a loan from SBI to procure the bus. The accounts are in place for transaction and permission was sought from the home ministry to receive the funds. Also, Tamil Nadu Foundation in Chennai contributed to the school but it is a domestic agency. Hence, there is no question of misusing foreign funds,\" he said. \"The raid was an effort to drive me out of Idinthakarai where the struggle is going on against the nuclear plant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462797", "title": "District Primary Education Officer\u2019s notice to school over fee hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The District Primary Education Officer (DPEO) M M Jani has issued a show cause notice to the authorities of Shayona International School on Thursday. The school has invited protests from parents after it hiked the annual school fee from Rs 11,800 to Rs 14,800 this year. Parents have taken an exception to this Rs 3,000 hike saying it was unaffordable.Parents had staged a major protest on Wednesday and have decided not to send their wards to the school if the fee hike is not rolled back. Officials said that the school has been asked to explain the fee hike and also furnish audit accounts. The school has been asked to give an explanation justifying the fee hike.Jani told TOI that the school authorities have been told to take the parents into confidence. \"We have asked the school authorities to open a dialogue with the parents and arrive at a figure which is acceptable to both the school and parents,\" Jani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12467429", "title": "35 militants killed in Pakistan clashes", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 35 militants and a security personnel were killed in clashes with security forces in northwest Pakistan's restive Orakzai tribal region today, officials said.The clashes erupted while security forces were conducting a clearance operation in Balaras and Khadezai areas of Orakzai Agency, officials were quoted as saying by TV news channels.A total of 35 militants were gunned down by the troops, officials said.One security personnel was killed and four more were injured during the operation.Troops had taken control of Balaras area, the officials said.Pakistani troops have conducted several operations against pro-Taliban militants in Orakzai Agency, one of seven semi-autonomous tribal districts in the country's northwest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463782", "title": "Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarathi Parishad activists protest in silence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the failure of Panjab University (PU) authorities to respond to the memorandum submitted by Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarathi Parishad (ABVP), members of students' political party staged a silent protest outside vice-chancellor's office on Thursday.\"Any university is deemed to be a violence-free shrine for those who preach education as worship. Room for violence and acceptance of hostile behaviour is not accepted here,\" said party president Parvesh Singh Chandel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pagidipalli (nalgonda)", "code": "12463778", "title": "Nalgonda village pioneers solar power revolution", "text": "PAGIDIPALLI (NALGONDA): At a time when the entire state has plunged into darkness due to unscheduled and prolonged power cuts, Nalgonda is gearing up to become a shining example of a power cut-free district. As a first step to achieve the distinction, Pagidipalli village in Bibinagar mandal in the district has successfully put behind power cut woes by installing solar panels.Funded by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), the pilot solar scheme was launched in Pagidipalli a year ago. As part of the initiative, 63 solar stand-alone streetlights and 360 8-watt light emitting diode (LED) bulbs have been installed in the village at a cost of Rs15 lakh.Pagidipalli has 230 households with a population of 1,500, majority of whom are either farmers or those who work in the surrounding factories.This automatic system can provide light for 12 hours in the night. BEE distributed LED lamps to the households at 50% subsidy. \"We don't have much problem in using them. If we face any problem with solar panels, Nedcap which has supported the initiative helps us,\" Ch Chandrasekhar, a villager, told TOI. He says that there is 70% decrease in their electricity bill after they started relying on solar power and LED lamps.The village panchayat played an active role in convincing the people to use solar bulbs when there was some resistance to the proposal. \"Not just villagers but the village panchayat has also benefited from this. We are saving Rs 1 lakh per year ever since we switched over to this programme,\" V Venkatesh, former sarpanch, told TOI. Buoyed by the success, officials are planning to implement a similar project in Miryalaguda at a cost of Rs 5 crore.The municipality is willing to allocate Rs 2.5 crore. Officials are mulling offering subsidy for those who are willing to take solar power connections. \"We will hold discussions with the stakeholders including the residents of the town before implementing the project,\" Neelakantham, in-charge joint collector, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463541", "title": "80-year-old jumps into sea, rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: An 80-year-old woman who tried to end her life by jumping into the sea off the Marina on Thursday was rescued by the police. Police said Meenakshiammal was sacked from her job as housemaid because of her poor eyesight. She was dejected over this. Police rescued her and handed her over to and old-age home in Porur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12463667", "title": "Due to late results, 3rd-year mangement exams postponed", "text": "In the latest gaffe during this year's exams, the University of Mumbai announced the results of the fifth-semester bachelor of management studies (BMS) exam too late,forcing the rescheduling of the third year BMS (TYBMS) exams.The TYBMS exams, which were to start on April 16, have now been rescheduled to April 24. The ATKT (allowed to keep term) papers for the fifth semester have been shifted from April 2 to April 16.The results of the fifth semester exam, conducted in November 2011, were announced as late as March 7. The mark sheets are yet to reach students in all colleges across the city.According to a university official , \"The new exam dates were announced before the fifth-semester results were out. Students who have failed in the fifth semester will have to reappear for their ATKT paper. We had to give time to these students to fill their exam forms.\"Garryn Mascarenhas, a student, said, \"They postponed our exams in October too, because the dates were clashing with other exams. Also, students who do not go online will not know about the postponement as there is no official notice from the college and we are on study leave.\"Another student said, \"We appeared for the exam in November. The university rule says that results should be announced within 45 days. Even as we were preparing for our final semester exams, we were not sure about our scores.\"While college officials are yet to receive a notification on the same and a fresh time table is still not uploaded, the university's website has announced the revised dates. A BMS coordinator at a college in the western suburbs said, \"Students have received the message from counterparts in other colleges. However, there is no official notification .\" Since the mark sheets are yet to reach colleges, the university has allowed students to apply for their ATKT exam using the consolidated marks given to colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461775", "title": "Centre Point School decides to expel underage student drivers", "text": "NAGPUR: Centre Point School (Katol Road), where the city's creme-de-la-creme send their wards, has decided to deal firmly with the issue of students driving vehicles without being legally eligible for a licence. It has warned parents that their underage children will be issued a transfer certificate (TC) if found driving a vehicle anywhere in the city.Kana Roy Chaudhari, principal of the school, said, \"The circular is being issued to students from Std VI-X as they are most likely to drive a vehicle. Students from XI and XII are allowed to drive gearless vehicles as per the legal provisions. Safety of students is our topmost concern hence we have decided to take this step.\"The school has asked its staff members to report any underage student who is seen driving a vehicle anywhere in the city.A senior management member of the Centre Point Group confirmed that soon this rule will be applicable to its other two branches too.Welcoming the decision, advocate Prakash Jaiswal, whose children study at the school, said, \"I hope this strict measure will force parents to reconsider giving their underage child a vehicle. Students are immature and do not understand what repercussions their actions can have.\"Jaiswal is the defence lawyer for one of the accused in a recent accident which claimed the lives of two ITI students. The driver of the vehicle is under 18 and is the son of a well-known businessman. The other three passengers in the car too came from elite families.City police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay supported the school's decision and said other schools must follow suit. \"Every school must take strict against such erring students. I am exploring if we can book principals when their students are found driving illegally. We will start a crackdown on students in the next academic session,\" said Dhanvijay.Independent of Centre Point's action other schools have also started chalking out a similar plan. Manjusha Stephenson, principal of Bishop Cotton High School, said, \"My circulars are ready and will be given to parents along with the report cards. We will take strict disciplinary action against students who bring vehicles to school. A few years ago one of our underage students met with an accident which resulted in the death of a pedestrian, hence we understand the gravity of the situation.\"Almost every school that TOI spoke to said the parents are directly responsible for the problem. Sources at Centre Point School said some parents have sent their objections to the circular in writing. The source said, \"Parents want their children to drive so that they can go from school to tuition classes directly. Plus, most of them can afford it too.\"Urvashi Yashroy, director of Tuli Group of Educational Institutes, believes schools have to act from a common platform. \"If my student is driving in some part of the city then Centre Point staff won't recognize him or won't report for lack of jurisdiction. All schools should come together and decide to take strict action against students and in this way there will be fear in the kids' mind that they may get caught regardless of which area they are in. But we all hope that parents understand the gravity of the problem and stop giving vehicles,\" she said.Dhanvijay agreed that parents have to show more responsibility. \"The parents are well aware of the rules. Recently a resident of Kamptee Road purchased a vehicle for his 15 year-old daughter who met with a fatal accident along with her kid brother. Because of the father's action two innocent children are gone leaving a big vacuum in the family,\" said the CP.Times ViewCPS deserves kudos for deciding to expel students who drive vehicles without proper licence. It is hoped just the announcement would be enough deterrent and no student is actually chucked out. A couple of other schools too are planning to do the same. The measure may sound drastic but it is needed. They may add a tough penalty for even licensed two-wheeler riders without helmets. Too many lives have been lost to laxity. It is time to get serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rakh bagh", "code": "12466881", "title": "Neglect blooms in Rakh Bagh", "text": "Rakh Bagh: With the city hardly offering a green space to residents to spend some leisure time there, Ludhianvis had for long pressed the authorities to renovate Rakh Bagh. But over three months after an upgraded bagha was thrown open to the public, it fails to serve its purpose, as construction work lies incomplete and food court locked. The municipal corporation (MC), however, says that it cannot do anything till the tourism department completes the renovation work.The department had started upgrading the park in April 2011. Though the work was to be completed in October last, an incomplete park was inaugurated on December 8, 2011.With construction material strewn around it and pitches galore, people avoid visiting the \"bagha\". Even as it has a few bright spots in the form of an open air theatre and concrete pathways , it fails to present a green, blooming picture, as landscape work is yet to be started.Gagandeep Singh Aulakh, an architect hired by the tourism department, said, \"We had stopped work in between due to some problems, it will be resumed soon.\"Executive engineer of horticulture department Surinder Kumar said, \"As we have not been handed over the park, we cannot go ahead with our work. Food courts, too, will be allotted after we get the charge.\"But, this is depriving residents of a refreshing time in the green belt. \"You cannot take a walk there... the park has been dug up at many places. A year ago, its renovation had started, but till date, it is nowhere near completion,\" said Ashok Sharma, a business of Mall Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12463802", "title": "PM to open cultural fest in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: April is set to bring a lot of excitement for Panchkula residents as North Zone Cultural Center will celebrate its silver jubilee with a four-day fest at Sector 5 parade ground. To be held from April 13-16, the celebration will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi . Panchkula is the first venue for the silver jubilee celebrations that will then be organized across the country.The parade ground would be divided into three segments and seven courtyards. Fifteen craftsmen each would exhibit their unique artifacts in the courtyards. About 1,000 artists from across the country will enthrall the audience and visitors will also be able to enjoy cuisines from different parts of India.\"It's the first time that such a big event will be held in Panchkula. We have begun our arrangements. Residents will get a nice treat as they will witness the best cultural events and taste cuisines from all over the country,\" said Panchkula city magistrate Ashwini Malik. Police have been directed to make adequate security arrangements at the venue and CCTV cameras are being installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12463642", "title": "Erode budget promises new water scheme, footpaths", "text": "COIMBATORE: Erode corporation mayor P Mallika Paramasivam presented a deficit budget for the district on Thursday. The deficit amounted to Rs 10.2 crore. The revenue expected to be garnered in 2012-2013 is Rs 171,59,13,000. Expenditure pegged by the budget was at Rs 181,79,33,000.She promised to compensate the deficit by improving the revenue sources by implementing cost-cutting measures, enhancing tax collection and getting more funds from the government.She also said there is plan to expand the Erode Abdul Fruit Market with more buildings. There is also a plan to build a complex in Thindal. These two measures will bring in more revenue to the government via rent.Plans worth Rs 85 crore will be spend on developing the town further. As announced by chief minister J Jayalalithaa, a water supply scheme will be implemented at the cost of Rs 407.12 crore. This plan which is in its final stage will supply water to Oorathchikottai. Funds to implement the plan will be obtained as a loan from the state government.Another scheme with a proposal cost of Rs 64.7 crore will bring water to citizens living under the poverty line. An 80-feet-wide road will connect Bruf Road and Chennimalai Road and this will be done in such a way as to reduce the traffic congestion within the town. As a continuation of this project, a Rs 150-crore bridge will be built across the Perumpallai Canal.Rs 23 lakh will be spend for laying pedestrian paths in congested areas. Also, a new bus stand will be planned this year and will be built soon, the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462632", "title": "Liquidation: High court grants Dunlop plea", "text": "KOLKATA: A division bench of Calcutta high court on Thursday admitted an appeal by Dunlop India Limited (DIL) challenging a single bench order appointing a provisional liquidator for the company. The date for the first hearing has been fixed on April 3.ICICI Bank has also filed an appeal against certain components of the order by the single judge Justice S Banerjee. The bench had observed that four transactions by DIL in 2006-07, pertaining to properties, were fraudulent and the four properties should be treated as that of the company's. ICICI Bank had given DIL loans of Rs 575 crore for two of the properties - one in Mumbai and the other in Chennai.The bank's counsel Bimal Chatterjee and Jayanta Mitra argued before the division bench that the bank had not been heard by the single bench before it made the observation and issued the order. The properties are Shalini Properties and Development Limited and HTR Resorts Limited.Mitra and Chatterjee argued that the observation by the single bench had seriously hit the bank's interest as it is neither DIL's creditor nor its shareholders'.The division bench of justices K J Sengupta and J Bagchi ordered that as an interim measure, ICICI Bank is free to start legal proceedings for recovery of the loan in appropriate forum.The bank's appeal will also be heard on April 3.Kalyan Bandopadhyay, Utpal Bose and Ajay Choudhury - counsels for DIL - sought a stay on the March 26 order by Justice Banerjee, which was later rejected. State advocate general Anindya Mitra said an inventory of the assets and properties of DIL should be made. The division bench then directed that the official liquidator will act as the court-appointed special officer for preparing a list comprising an inventory of assets and properties of DIL.The division bench also directed the official liquidator not to take possession of the assets and properties of DIL till April 6 and ordered him to issue notice to all creditors of DIL who appeared before the single bench.Pratap Chatterjee and Ravi Kapur, who appeared for DIL's creditor Madura Coats, opposed the appeals.Earlier, Madura Coats filed a winding up petition against DIL for not paying dues to the tune of Rs 2 crore. The creditor supplied raw materials to DIL. In 2009, the creditor filed the petition which was admitted. In January, it filed an application for appointment of provisional liquidator of DIL, contending that the company was transferring its properties illegally to avoid payment to the creditor.After hearing all litigants in the case, Justice Banerjee passed the order appointing the official liquidator in charge of all books, documents and assets of DIL. The court also ordered DIL to cooperate with the provisional liquidator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12466628", "title": "Chakravyuh\u2019s shoot begins in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Shooting for Prakash Jha's third movie in the city, 'Chakravyuh' began on Thursday. The film, based on Naxalism, will be shot in Bhopal and Pachmarhi.Speaking at the launch of a book in Mumbai on his earlier film 'Rajneeti', Jha confirmed the unit has already reached Bhopal. In the book, Jha is quoted as saying, \"It (Bhopal) seemed just right.\"'Chakravyuh' would be Jha's third film in the city after Rajneeti (2010) and Aarakshan (2011).A star cast with the likes of Abhay Deol, Manoj Bajpayee and internationally-acclaimed Indian actor Kabir Bedi will be in the city for the shoot of 'Chakravyuh' which is expected to last for two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463129", "title": "Teachers' association to boycott exams", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University Associated College Teachers Association (LUACTA) staged a sit-in to protest against the lax attitude of the management of Mahila College towards the long-sought demands of teachers, on Thursday.The management, even after staging a protest, has not relented to the demands of the teachers, who have been demanding timely payment of salary, timely promotions and provision of maternity leave, besides others.Taking into consideration the unrelenting attitude of the college management, around 400 teachers, who participated in the protest, have decided to boycott the annual exams of LU after April 12.Teachers have informed the governor, principal secretary, higher education and vice-chancellor about boycott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463754", "title": "Awareness programme on swine flu soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Another swine flu death, of a 29-year-old pregnant woman, was reported on Thursday. State health officials said that the woman, a resident of L B Nagar and in the ninth month of her pregnancy, died at Fernandez Hospital on March 25.Meanwhile, another woman infected with swine flu, is battling for her life. Hailing from Kadapa, the 38-year-old woman, who suffered from fever and respiratory distress, was admitted in a city-based private hospital and has been put on ventilator support.While the death toll is seven till date, state health officials said that the health department in collaboration with the GHMC will shortly launch an awareness campaign akin to the one taken up during 2009 when there was a swine flu outbreak.\"We have planned to put up posters, distribute pamphlets and also create awareness through the media,\" said Dr Aruna Kumari, director, Health. She said that the vulnerable population, including pregnant women, diabetics, children and others who suffer from low immunity levels, should take precautions against the disease.Incidentally, Andhra Pradesh is among the four states that have been hit by H1N1 virus this year. The other states are Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Karnataka. However, Dr Kumari maintained that the virus is less virulent and since cases are not being reported in clusters, there is no need topanic.Doctors maintained that several cases of fever and sore throat are being reported daily but these should not be misconstrued as swine flu.\"Since the 2009 outbreak, H1N1 cases have been on the decline. I am seeing hundreds of cases of fever and sore throat and one in a hundred cases is turning out to be positive for swine flu, which is not a problem,\" said Manmadh Rao, senior chest physician, Nims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463489", "title": "Subway work drags on for 4 years", "text": "CHENNAI: A subway near Stanley Medical College and Hospital in north Chennai, work on which began in 2008, is still not complete. Locals who would have benefited from the structure are sore with the Corporation of Chennai for the delay.\"The government seems to have given up on the project. Hardly any work happens here,\" said Padmanabhan, an auto driver.Located right at the entrance of Stanley Hospital, the subway is to link Monegar Choultry Road and Cemetery Road in Royapuram under the rail line and would have been a boon for patients coming to the hospital. Staff of ambulance services say Stanley Hospital is where patients from the northern parts of the city come.\"People from Tondiarpet, Gummidipoondi, Redhills, Kasimedu and even faraway places like Minjur and Ponneri have to be brought here. There is no other option,\" said an official. \"It is absolutely essential to have easy access to the hospital as every minute counts in an emergency,\" he said. \"Travel time can be reduced by at least 15 minutes once the subway opens.\"Now, commuters are forced to come via Mint on the western side of the hospital or through the Royapuram Bridge in the east. \"Once when I was stung by a scorpion, it took more than half an hour for us to cross the Royapuram bridge and reach the hospital,\" said S Venkatesan of Parry's. \"That was a one-off incident but we face terrible traffic conditions daily,\" he added.The 15.76 crore project, a joint venture of the corporation and the railways, has suffered several setbacks, including problems of poor soil quality, slow pace of work by the railways and a contractor abandoning the project.Corporation officials say it will be completed by August. \"The railways took a long time to finish their portion of work and handed over the project to us only in February,\" said an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461994", "title": "Schools stand accused of flouting RTE rules", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost two years have passed since the Right to Education (RTE) Act came into effect, but not all of its clauses are being followed by schools in the state.\"Other than a handful of schools, most are violating RTE rules. Even today, students and parents are undergoing rounds of screening during admission (illegal under the RTE Act). We still receive complaints from parents about their wards being denied admission or asked to leave due to various reasons. The state government needs to take cognizance of these problems,\" said Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness in Education. The forum has filed various PILs in the Bombay high court against rigid school managements.A rule that some schools object to is the one making it mandatory for every school to set aside 25% of seats for students from economically weaker sections of society. \"This issue is still pending in the Supreme Court, but there is no stay on the matter. Why then are schools using this as an excuse to not entertain applications from students?\" Jain said.Educationists claim that lack of awareness about RTE guidelines among parents and students gives school managements the upper hand during admissions. An RTI application by a Delhi-based activist last year showed that child rights protection commissions of many states receive only a handful of complaints on RTE violations. The situation is better in Maharashtra.\"We have received several complaints about problems (faced by parents and students) during admissions and about schools not giving admission to differently-abled children,\" said Farida Lambey, a member of the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights. \"We have held several hearings on these issues and also solved a few.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12463863", "title": "Self-driving car lets blind man take it out for a spin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Steve Mahan is 95% blind. But on Wednesday, he drove a car. Or at least he sat in the driving seat, while the car, heavily modified by Google as part of its driverless vehicle project, drove itself. \"Look ma, no hands. No hands, no feet... This is some of the best driving I have ever done,\" Mahan joked of his trip.Google is working on self-driving cars for some time now. To demonstrate how far autonomous vehicles have come and how they can change the lives of those who can't drive or hate driving, Google asked Mahan to travel on one of the seven modified Toyoto Prius cars that are part of the project.\"We organized this test as a technical experiment outside of our core research efforts, but we think it's also a promising look at what this kind of technology may one day deliver for society if rigorous technical and safety standards can be met,\" Google said.Earlier, a company spokesperson had told TOI that driverless cars had so far \"successfully driven roughly 200,000 miles across a wide variety of terrain and road conditions.\" The cars have been fitted with various sensors, including a spinning laser radar, and cameras that map the environment around the vehicles.\"These sensors feed real-time into a quad-core computer, which can process 1.3 million laser measurements and make 20 driving decisions every second,\" said the spokesperson. \"The sensors help determine where other cars are and how fast they are moving. The software controls acceleration and deceleration, and mounted cameras read and interpret traffic lights and other signs.\"The project is headed by Sebastian Thrun, a Google Fellow and expert in artificial intelligence. Last year during a TED talk, Thrun said that he wanted to transform the way humans commute . \"When I turned 18, I lost my best friend to a car accident,\" he said. \"Then I decided that I will dedicate my life to the save one million people (who die in accidents ) every year.\"Google said that even though the driverless car has been phenomenal so far, the company is now working on how the car handles severe weather conditions like snow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463272", "title": "'Absent medical staff at govt hospitals drives the poor to private clinics'", "text": "JAIPUR: Attributing the absence of medical personnel in government hospitals as the cause for poor knocking on the doors of private clinics, Madhu Nagla, professor at MD University, Rohtak, said that public healthcare services in Rajasthan need overhauling.Speaking at the national workshop on 'The idea of Rajasthan' at Rajasthan University, Nagla said that visit to a public healthcare facility costs Rs 71, visit to a private clinic costs Rs 84 and that to faith healer costs just Rs 63.Putting across the appalling figures of the health services in Rajasthan she said, \"45% of the medical staff in government hospitals remains absent where as 56% times the sub-centers in rural areas remain closed and 12% of the nurses are found in the catchment areas.\"She added, \"for a daily wage worker each day is important and if the poor don't find medical staff in the hospital they will be forced to go to a private doctor\".The government which claims to provide quality treatment at affordable cost has failed to see the ground reality. \"The tests which sometimes are quite expensive are not done free of cost. In fact for some of the medicines patients still have to pay even within the hospital premises.\"Nagla also mentioned that many of the government doctors are into private practise and offer to treat patients at their own clinics rather than referring them to government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chuikhim (kalimpong)", "code": "12462389", "title": "Jadavpur University faculty gives Darjeeling village a new lease of life", "text": "CHUIKHIM (KALIMPONG): At Chuikhim, a remote hamlet in Darjeeling's Kalimpong subdivision, this Jadavpur University faculty member is the villagers' very own Debashis Daju (brother).For, quality education was a misnomer in this part of the land till Debasish Bhattacharjee arrived here and planned a high school for the village, which till the other day seemed a distant dream. After the inauguration of the school building last Sunday, when Bhattacharjee recalled his journey, he found the road was not an easy one.For Bhattacharjee, a passionate nature lover, it was just another trekking tour in the end of 2010 when he visited Chuikhim. He was surprised to find that even after 64 years of independence, there was lack of basic amenities in the village. There was no road, drinking water was inadequate and power supply was irregular.But what struck him most was the absence of a high school in Chuikhim and the adjoining 50 villages. The nearest school was the Bagrakote, located 13km from Chuikhim.\"So, Bhattacharjee decided to set up a high school at Chuikhim. After interacting with some locals, the power engineering professor from JU understood that bonding among the villagers was the basic thing required to move ahead with the idea to set up a school. \"And, I organized a football tournament at Chuikhim in 2010. It was a massive success as it later helped in forming a village welfare committee,\" Bhattacharjee recalled.With the panel's consistent efforts, Chuikhim got a patch of land for the school in 2011. While Dambar Singh Gurung, a villager, donated half acres of land, another villager Tikaram Chhetri donated Rs 2.5 lakh for the construction of the building.\"There was no patron for the school. And without that, salary payment to teachers looked impossible. I knocked on several doors, but every time my appeal was turned down. Finally, a friend me to Literacy India and they sanctioned the fund in 2011,\" Bhattacharjee said. The school building was inaugurated on Sunday by Abhishek Dalmia, a trustee of Literacy India.But the school is yet to get an affiliation. \"We have asked the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council authority to move the file to the state's secondary education department. But that hasn't been done yet. If we don't get affiliation from the secondary board, we will approach the ICSE council,\" Bhattacharjee said.Satisfied with the active involvement of the locals, Literacy India has already set a tailoring training and a computer training centre at Chuikhim. Bhattacharjee's dreams are not yet over. He is now planning a 200kw micro hydel power generation system on Zuranti Khola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467155", "title": "Jindals celebrate son's success", "text": "Manisha and Sanjeev Kumar Jindal, who stay in Naulakha Garden Colony, have been gushing over their 13-year-old son Yatin and telling him how proud they are. A student of St Thomas Senior Secondary School, Yatin has scored 9.2 CGPA out of 10 in his Class VIII final examinations and his family sees every reason for a celebration.\"I am feeling very satisfied that my son has scored such good marks. He is a hard working student and has made the whole family happy,\" said Sanjeev while Manisha added that they believe hard work should always be rewarded so they are celebrating his success.Manisha said she's very proud of Yatin because he has achieved A grade in all subjects. A self-proclaimed techie, Yatin said he has come fourth in his class and will set his mind on doing even better in Class IX so that he can claim the first rank.\"Maths and physics have always fascinated me and I want to pursue engineering,\" said, Yatin, who loves working out in the gym.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12463519", "title": "Three smugglers shot dead at Indo-Pak border", "text": "AMRITSAR: Border Security Force (BSF) personnel gunned down three cross-border smugglers, including two Pakistanis, and recovered 10 kilogram heroin valued at around Rs 50 crore in the international market and one pistol from near the Indo-Pak International Border on the intervening night of March 28 and 29.With this latest operation, the BSF has killed a total seven Pakistani and one Indian smuggler in the first three months of the year and recovered a total of 114 kilogram heroin.BSF inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra said on Thursday that a patrolling party had put up a check-post near border pillar number 72/17, close to Sundergarh border outpost.Soldiers spotted movement of some Pakistani intruders carrying 14 feet long plastic pipe. They were trying to insert the pipe through the border fence so they could smuggle heroin packets towards the Indian side.\"Reacting swiftly, the BSF party challenged the smugglers following which they fired at the BSF,\" he said. In a retaliatory fire, the BSF gunned down two Pakistani smugglers while one Indian smuggler who had arrived at the border to receive the narcotics consignment was also gunned down. Other smugglers managed to flee towards Pakistani side.He said that during a search operation, they seized the pipe containing 10 packets of heroin. A pistol was recovered from one of the two dead Pakistani smugglers.He said the BSF had issued operational guidelines to their field formations to further strengthen border domination so as to effectively check the menace of narcotics smuggling on Punjab border with Pakistan .On March 19, the BSF had recovered 22 kilogram heroin and had killed three Pakistani smugglers and then on March 26, 14 kilogram heroin was recovered from the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467344", "title": "Miss World 2011 comes to India", "text": "On her recent trip to India, Miss World 2011 Ivian Lunasol Sarcos Colimenares visited the Tata Memorial hospital in Mumbai and spent time interacting with women fighting cancer. Thereafter, Ivian went on a heritage tour of the city with The Gateway of India as her first destination .Miss World 2011 Ivian Lunasol Sarcos Colimenares from Venezuela , showed the city she's a 'beauty with a purpose' when she had a heart-to-heart with women fighting cancer on her visit to the Tata Memorial Hospital in Mumbai on Wednesday. The hospital is the national comprehensive cancer centre for the prevention, treatment, education and research in the deadly disease.The Venezuelan beauty took in the sights and sounds of Mumbai at the most obvious starting point for any tour of the city - The Gateway of India. Locals and tourists visiting the striking yellow basalt heritage structure were in for a surprise when they spotted the equally beautiful Venezuelan, dressed in classic monochrome and colour block stilettos - marvelling at its architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12462658", "title": "India lacks sustainable higher education policy: IIT-Kanpur chairman", "text": "KOTTAYAM: \"India does not have a credible and sustainable public policy on higher education (HE) even after 64 years of independence,\" said Prof M Anandakrishnan, chairman, IIT Kanpur.He was delivering the keynote address at a symposium on 'Public Policy and Governance' organized by the School of International Relations and Politics (SIRP), MG University on Thursday.He said some of the persisting problems of HE include lack of competent institutional academic leadership, lack of transparency in decision-making and domination by government representatives in policy making.\"Neoliberal policies since 1990s stressed on privatization in many spheres of social life, but it has also generated a lot of repercussions,\" he added.Mushrooming of private universities through state legislations is a trend that is going to affect the credibility of the system. Though there are apprehensions about the entry of foreign universities in the country, the system has not come under scrutiny. The proposed bill might curb the unhealthy practices underway in the country, he said.Prof Anandakrishnan said state universities had a high level of bureaucratization and corruption compared to Central universities. However, in terms of budgetary support, state universities get little, unlike their counterparts in Central institutions. This imbalance in allocation of funds has already resulted in discriminatory practices.The Yashpal Committee had recommended that there should be no discrimination between the Centre and the states on the question of funds, he said. Referring to distance education and open learning in the country, the IIT chairman said it was started with good intentions, but over years had been vandalized.The number of such institutions and stakeholders is mind-boggling, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12467956", "title": "Green tribunal suspends enviromental clearance to Posco", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment clearance granted to Posco's mega steel project in Orissa in January 2011 will remain suspended till the environment ministry reviews it afresh, the National Green Tribunal held today.\"The environment clearance granted on January 31, 2011 to the project shall remain suspended till such review and appraisal is done by the ministry,\" a bench of tribunal comprising Justice C V Ramulu and Devendra Kumar Agarwal held.The tribunal pointed out that memorandum of understanding between the Orissa government and Posco states that the project is for production of 12 million tonnes of steel per annum (MTPA) but the environment impact assessment (EIA) report has been prepared only for 4 MTPA steel production in the first phase.It said the MoEF should take \"policy decision\" that in projects of such magnitude the EIA should be done for the complete project.\"The EIA should assess it for the full capacity right from the beginning,\" it said.The tribunal directed the MoEF to review the clearance afresh and attach \"specific conditions\" which Posco would have to follow in a \"defined timeline\".It also directed the MoEF to set up a special committee to \"monitor the compliance to the environment clearance\" thus granted.The bench said appointment of Meena Gupta as chairman of the committee to review the environmental clearance showed \"departmental bias\" as she had only \"supported\" the environment clearance granted to Posco earlier during her tenure as the Secretary, the MoEF.\"The entire process was vitiated in the eyes of law,\" the bench said in this regard.The tribunal also said that the project proponent should generate its own source of water instead of utilising the drinking water meant for the Cuttack city in Orissa.\"In the country drinking water is scarce. It would be better to ask the project proponent to generate its own source of water. Avoiding utilising water meant for Cuttack city could be asked by the ministry,\" it said.The order came on a plea filed by environment activist Prafulla Samantray seeking quashing of the environmental clearance granted to Posco on the ground that it was \"contrary to the provisions of the EIA Notification 2006\" and was \"illegal and arbitrary\".Advocate Ritwick Dutta, appearing for the petitioner, had said that impact on environment in case of steel production by the plant to its full capacity would be much more.Prafulla, in his petition said, \"It is admitted that the project will not be viable if it is restricted to the steel production of only 4 MTPA. In such circumstances, the EIA report should have been for 12 MTPA (of steel production). The project proponent has opted to do an EIA for 4 MTPA since the likely impact of 12 MTPA is bound to be much more and very significant\".Posco India Pvt Ltd was granted environmental clearance for its two projects, steel-cum-captive power plant project and captive minor port, in Jagatsinghpur district of Orissa in 2007.The MoEF after reviewing the same, granted environmental clearance with additional conditions on January 31, 2011 which prompted the petitioner to move the tribunal.The clearance was assailed contending that \"the whole approach of the Expert Appraisal Committee (EAC) was not to give an unbiased opinion, but rather to justify the decision to grant environmental clearance to both the projects.\"The environment ministry, however, had told the tribunal there was no infirmity in its decision to grant environmental clearance to Posco.Posco had also maintained that it has not violated any law and is working in compliance with the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12462074", "title": "University mess hots up as cornered V-C suspends 7", "text": "MUMBAI: In a tumultuous day for higher education in the city on Thursday, seven University of Mumbai senate members were suspended, an eighth member resigned, the state legislative council was adjourned twice amid calls for the varsity vice-chancellor's (V-C) sacking and the council called for an inquiry into the suspensions. The cause of the ruckus was the series of gaffes that have occurred during the ongoing university exams.Cornered by senate members who were protesting against the recent goof-ups, university vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar suspended the senate members in an unprecedented move. Welukar's action was met with a swift response three kilometres away in the Vidhan Parishad, where business was adjourned twice in the legislative council amid calls for the V-C's sacking.Senate members, wearing black topis and sashes during the annual senate meeting, demanded that the university acknowledge that Wednesday's third-year commerce paper on marketing and human resource management (MHRM) had been leaked. They argued that university heads, without even inquiring into the matter, had been refuting the allegation. Five gaffes in 10 days, including hall tickets being issued too late and exam centres being changed at the last moment, have made life difficult for students.As senate members walked to the well holding placards that read, \"VC, it's time to resign,\" Welukar shot back, \"Don't force me to take a decision.\" He then said, \"I suspend all of you under Section 14 (11). Please walk out of the senate meeting.\"Section 14 (11) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, states: \"As the chairman of the authorities or bodies or committees of the university, the vice-chancellor shall be empowered to suspend a member from the meeting of the authority, body or committee for persisting to obstruct or stall the proceedings or for indulging in behaviour unbecoming of a member, and shall report the matter accordingly, to the chancellor.\" The chancellor of the university is the state's governor.Among the seven members suspended was management council member Dilip Karande, who has been on the senate for 23 years. The seven members, all from the graduates' constituency, were joined by Ulhas Dixit, head of the statistics department, who resigned because of the university's decision to outsource exam-related work to Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited.Till Wednesday, university heads rubbished reports of the MHRM leak as wild rumours. But on Thursday Welukar said, \"I cannot say that the paper has leaked unless the inquiry committee confirms the same.\" Questions in the paper were sent out via SMSs a few hours before the exam on Wednesday. In fact, every theory question in the message was in the question paper. Madhu Nair, dean of commerce, suggested that the university dispatch the question paper on the day of the exam instead of a day in advance, as had been done in the case of the MHRM paper.On Thursday, the state legislative council, under pressure from the opposition to immediately sack the V-C, assured that the demand would be looked into and that governor K K Sankaranarayanan would be apprised of the sentiment. Reacting to a notice of propriety raised by Shiv Sena MLC Deepak Sawant, minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope informed the council that only the governor has the authority to remove the V-C.\"The honorable governor is seized of the matter and I assure members that their sentiments will be conveyed to him. I will talk to him soon,\" said Tope, amidst pandemonium in the council over the demand for the V-C's resignation. The minister further announced the setting up of a committee to inquire into the suspension of the seven senate members.The house was adjourned at least twice as Shiv Sena-BJP members, including leader of the opposition Vinod Tawde and Sena legislators Diwakar Raote, Ramdas Kadam and Neelam Gorhe, gathered in the well shouting slogans and demanding Welukar's removal. \"Mumbai university's Rajabai tower hangs in shame today because of one man's doings,\" said Tawde.Members sought to pass a resolution supporting the V-C's resignation. Comparing the VC's tenure to that of Hitler's, legislators criticized the government for allowing an exam paper to leak and dragging its feet over an inquiry into the V-C's antecedents, including his PhD. \"This VC's tenure has raised questions about the entire university system in the country,\" said NCP legislator Hemant Takle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463339", "title": "Female foeticide: 2 hospitals raided in Vidhyadhar Nagar", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a six-month-old fetus of a baby girl was found at a vacant plot at Naya Khera area in Vidhyadhar Nagar locality, the medical, health and family welfare department raided two hospitals in the area on Thursday and seized records.A team of the pre-conception and pre natal diagnostics technique (PCPNDT) cell conducted raids at Sharda Hospital and Shekhwati Hospital in Vidhyadhar Nagar.PCPNDT cell in-charge Hardayal Singh said, \"We have seized a sonography machine and records from the hospitals for investigations.\" The officials have seized the hospitals' records under the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971 and the PCPNDT Act 1994.On Wednesday morning, residents of a nearby colony had spotted the fetus, and informed the police.The cases of female foeticide have gone up at an alarming rate in the state. On Tuesday, an infant girl was found dumped in a dustbin. The sex ratio figures have been on the decline, and the state's performance has been unimpressive in health surveys. The child sex ratio declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011.The medical, health and family department said both the cases could be of female foeticide committed possibly after sex determination.Last week, the PCPNDT cell had conducted a decoy operation at a clinic in Vaishali Nagar, where sex determination tests were carried out. The doctor was caught red-handed accepting bribe.Recently, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had written to the chief minister expressing concern over the declining sex ratio in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "oslo", "code": "12460729", "title": "Custody row: Norway Child Welfare Service to hand over kids to their uncle", "text": "OSLO: After being kept in foster care for nearly ten months, NRI children Abhigyan and Aishwariya will be handed to their patenral uncle, Norway's Child Welfare Service (CWS) said on Thursday night.\"The CWS now recommends that the uncle takes over care of the two Indian children in the child welfare case and a Stavanger District Court will make the final decision on April 17\", said CWS communication adviser Thomas Bore Olsen in an emailed statement.He said if the court decides that the children should be removed from the care of the public authorities, \"the agreement can be implemented as soon as practicable. The uncle will then take over the care of the children and take them back to India\".Abhigyan, 3, and Aishwarya, one, were placed in foster care by Norwegian Child Welfare Authorities in May last year on grounds of \"emotional disconnect\".The District Court was to have decided on March 23 whether the children should be handed over to their paternal uncle Arunabhash Bhattacharya but the hearing was cancelled following differences between the children's parents--father Anurup Bhattacharya and mother Sagarika Bhattacharya.After a series of flip flops, the parentrs and the uncle had prepared a new agreement for giving the custody of the children to Arunabash and they got it attested by the Indian Embassy in Oslo .Gunnar Toresen, head of the Child Welfare Service in Stavanger, said the uncle had been concerned about the validity of the agreement in India.However, \"after further talks with the uncle, the Child Welfare Service is now convinced that he is motivated to take care of the children\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462971", "title": "Govt lawyers come late, high court pulls up top Delhi babu", "text": "NEW DELHI: A top bureaucrat in the city was pulled up by the Delhi high court on Thursday for the failure of government lawyers to come on time with proper instructions.\"We are reaching the stage of exasperation, please don't let that stage arrive,\" a bench of justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and justice Rajiv Shakdher told Delhi Government's chief secretary P K Tripathi, who was present in court in response to summons. \"Your junior officials don't brief lawyers properly who either appear late or don't appear at all. As head of the government then it is you who has to face the courts ire,\" the bench remarked. Tripathi then assured the bench he would ensure its grievances with the state administration were addressed at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463565", "title": "Belgaum youth held for stealing Rs 12L car", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Wednesday arrested a 25-year-old youth for allegedly stealing a car worth Rs 12 lakh from the city on March 13.The suspect, Raju Subhash Desai, is a resident of Belgaum in Karnataka. Acting on a tip-off, a crime branch (unit-IV) team led by inspector Arun Walture made the arrest.Investigations have revealed that Desai was using the car in Belgaum. He had procured fake documents from Bangalore in the name of one Arif Kadari, and had also changed the car's registration number.Walture said Desai is a criminal on police records, and has nine cases of thefts and burglaries registered against him in Kolhapur. Desai was produced before the court on Thursday and remanded to police custody till April 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12466741", "title": "Failed students create ruckus in tech college", "text": "Jamshedpur: Enraged over not being promoted to the second year, over 100 students created ruckus on the premises of RVS College of Engineering and Technology on Thursday.Demanding transparency in the internal marking procedure, students created an uproar in the college for over four hours, compelling the college management to convene a meeting with the agitating students, hurriedly. Out of the 240-student batch, 120 odd failed students in the first year annual examination have alleged that the management did not give marks to the students on merit. On Tuesday, the failed students had gheraoed the Kolhan University vice-chancellor Salil Roy, office seeking intervention. Following hours of deliberation with the agitating students, the university asked the college to conduct re-examination of the failed students from April 17. \"But our apprehensions still persist. After all, the responsibility of checking answer sheets rests with the college administration,\" said a student.The college administration, which has all along been holding students squarely responsible for the poor performance, has yielded to the students' demand and agreed to bring transparency in the internal marking procedure. \"The matter has been resolved. Students have agreed to the April 17 re-test schedule and college will take care of other issues raised by the students,\" said RVS College chairman Bharat Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467867", "title": "Saji Surendran accused of copying Hollywood flick", "text": "Even before he's sorted out one copyright infringement case against \"Happy Husbands\", director Saji Surendran and his team are facing their second one against their film \" Four Friends\".The latest petition claims that the plot of the 2010 Mollywood film is substantially copied from the 2007 Hollywood flick \" The Bucket List\" starring Academy Award winners Morgan Freeman and Jack Nicholson.The list of those accused includes the director, scribe Krishna Poojappura and the cast which includes Kamal Hassan , who played a guest role.While both flicks have the central characters as cancer patients out to fulfil their last wishes, director Saji denies that the film has been copied or even inspired by the Hollywood hit. \"Our scriptwriter has never seen \"The Bucket List\". Even I saw the film only after the story and screenplay of \"Four Friends\" was completed. Moreover, our film was about celebrating life and highlighted a social cause. We have not lifted any scene or dialogue from the Hollywood movie,\" claims Saji.Incidentally, this case too has been filed by a certain Dani J Paul, a Thiruvananthapuram native who had earlier sought legal action against the makers of \"Happy Husbands\" too, alleging that it was a copy of the Hindi film, \" No Entry\".Stating the probable reasons for the legal complaints, Saji says, \"Either he is targeting someone in our team or it could be a means of gaining cheap publicity by taking pot shots at celebrities at the expense of law. If this person is so hell-bent on taking up the copyright cause, then he should have done so against all the Indian films which have been inspired by Western movies.\"The director had earlier clarified that \"Happy Husbands\" was a remake of the Tamil film \" Charlie Chaplin \", the rights of which was bought by producer Milan Jaleel, and due credit was given at the beginning of the flick. \"\"No Entry\" was the Hindi remake of \"Charlie Chaplin\",\" says Saji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462163", "title": "Hu Jintao paves way for BRICS' expanded role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chinese President Hu Jintao seemed to pave the way for further expansion of BRICS when he said at the 4th summit meeting here that cooperation within grouping had reached a new starting point from where it needed to be taken to a new level. While, BRICS is often seen as lacking political relevance due to differences in handling major international issues, Hu called for enhancing \"political mutual trust\" and more \"practical\" cooperation apart from focusing on growth and developmental issues as he outlined in his four-point agenda.\" BRICS countries are important forces for regional and world peace and stability,\" he said.When asked later about BRICS becoming more active politically, officials accompanying Hu said it was only natural that scope of BRICS would expand to other areas. \"Even though the BRICS focus now is on finance, trade and development, it is an evolving process. You would have noticed that issues like Middle-East, Syria and Iran have formed big part of the Delhi declaration, bigger than the declaration at the earlier three summits,\" said Chen Xu, the head of the department of international organization in the Chinese foreign ministry.On Syria, the joint statement called for an immediate end to all violence and violations of human rights. \"Our objective is to facilitate a Syrian-led inclusive political process, and we welcome the joint efforts of the United Nations and the Arab League to this end,\" said the Delhi Declaration as it welcomed the appointment Kofi Annan as the joint special envoy for the Syrian crisis.It also called for finding a solution to the Iran issue through political and diplomatic means and dialogue, including between the IAEA and Iran, and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions.Hu said in his discussions with other leaders that it was important to adhere to the norms of international laws and find solution through dialogue. Briefing reporters about Hu's participation in the summit, China's assistant foreign minister Ma Zhaoxu said the President had also taken up the issue of setting up a global development bank. \"We believe it will contribute to the development of world economies and help world progress,\" said Ma.Talking about Hu's bilateral meeting with PM Singh later in the evening, the Chinese side admitted that the border issue was likely to be \"covered\" in the meeting. \"Talks over the issue have moved in a smooth way. The two countries have been able to maintain peace and tranquility along the border,\" said Luo Zhaohui, who heads the department of Asian affairs in the Chinese foreign ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462945", "title": "Youth leader denied entry after touchdown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around a dozen Tibetan activists were rounded up on Thursday, moments after they tried to storm Taj Palace Hotel where the BRICS summit was being held. Protesters smashed police barricades barely 800 metres from the summit venue. Carrying flags and placards, activists managed to break the security cordon, but were dragged away by police.Tibetans were protesting against the visit of Chinese President Hu Jintao to India. The crackdown continued throughout the city. There was high drama at IGI airport after the Tibetan Youth Congress president was bundled out, minutes after touchdown.But it was outside Taj Palace Hotel where the protests were raucous. Around 12.30pm, Tibetan activists unfurled banners and rushed towards Taj Palace Hotel from the Satya Niketan footbridge. Some others joined them on the way and the group ran down the FOB into the heavily barricaded San Martin Marg. They were nabbed before they could get near to the summit venue.The activists displayed banners and shouted anti-China slogans while they were being detained and dragged away by police. The Tibetans cried and screamed while being bundled into police vans. One banner read - Hu Jintao Failed Leader Free Tibet Now. Another activist had an Indian flag wrapped around his shoulders. \"Support our cause. Give solidarity,\" he screamed. Another protester had the slogan - Swaraj is my birthright - written all over his body. There was high drama at IGI Airport late on Wednesday when Tsewang Rigzin, president of Tibetan Youth Congress, was refused entry after he landed from the United States at 11.09pm. \"He was detained by immigration officers after he alighted from his plane. He was told that the ban orders were from the Government of India. Tsewang Rigzin, an American national, has been serving as president of the organisation for almost five years,\" said Tenzin Chokey, general secretary of TYC.Earlier, the body of the Tibetan activist, Jamphel Yeshi, who succumbed to burns after an immolation bid was handed over to his kin. His last rites will take place at Dharamsala. Tibetans also staged protests at Buddh Vihar and Majnu ka Tila. \"As our movements have been curbed, we are observing a silent protest to mourn Yeshi's death. We are also showing solidarity to our people in Tibet. We are chanting and weeping.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463454", "title": "Killer car mows down Infosys staffer in the dead of night", "text": "BANGALORE: A 26-year-old employee of software giant Infosys was killed when his scooter was hit by an unidentified car in front of Advaith petrol bunk in Tavarekere, close to Central Silk Board junction, early on Thursday.Amritanshu Verma, from Delhi, was returning after work to his paying guest accommodation in BTM Layout, when his Honda Activa was hit by an unidentified car around 2am.\"We don't have any clue about the vehicle that hit him at the junction in front of the petrol station. But we got some fragments of a broken number plate of the vehicle, which we sent to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) at Madivala. Experts are trying to find the origin of the number plate,\" said a police officer.The body was kept at Victoria Hospital for postmortem, and police are waiting for his parents to fly down from Delhi. \"They are expected anytime. The postmortem can be done only after that. We are waiting for the report from FSL about the car's registration plate,\" said the officer. Police are also checking images in the surveillance camera kept at the junction, for clues to the killer car.Amritanshu had started working at Electronic City just a few months ago, after being trained at the Infosys training centre in Mysore, police said.WATER TANKER RUNS OVER WOMANA 20-year-old woman's attempt to clear a road strewn with wooden logs, ended in her losing her life, after a water tanker hit her on Koramangala 1B Main Road on Thursday evening.Police said A Rajeshwari, living on Doddamma Temple Street in Koramangala VIII Block, had stepped out of her house to buy some eatables at a nearby bakery, and recharge her mobile, when the accident occurred around 4pm. \"She tried to push a wooden log that was jutting out on to the road, so that vehicles could move freely. A speeding water tanker ran over her. She died on the spot,\" a police officer said.Rajeshwari was preparing to appear for her SSLC examination scheduled to begin on April 2. She was working in a private factory in HSR Layout to raise funds for her education, police said, quoting family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462411", "title": "TOI, 4 other dailies added to library list after rethink", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government did a rethink on Thursday and came out with a second list of newspapers to be kept in state-sponsored libraries.The Times of India is the only English newspaper in the supplementary list, followed by Bengali newspapers Aajkaal and Saptahik Kolom, Nepali newspaper Himalaya Darpan and a Santhali newspaper. They were added to the existing list of eight newspapers notified on Wednesday - Sangbad Pratidin, Sakalbela, Khabar 365 Din, Ekdin, Dainik Statesman, Sanmarg, Akhbar-E-Mashriq and Azad Hind. However, there is still no mention of some of the leading vernacular and English dailies.State minister of mass education extension &amp; library services Abdul Karim Chowdhury said that a departmental decision was taken during the day to include five more names and the order will get the stamp of approval from chief minister Mamata Banerjee. However, sources at Writers' Buildings said that the new inclusions already have the CM's nod.Rumour about TOI's inclusion in the library list was doing the rounds since Wednesday night, after Trinamool Congress Rajya Sabha member Derek O'Brien tweeted: \"I understand that an English daily (TOI) is in the list of public libraries which has papers of many languages...\" On Thursday, Derek again tweeted: \"TOI will be stocked even though they got this wrong.\" However, Chowdhury had said nothing about the government's new plan on Wednesday after his meeting with the CM.Chowdhury later explained that the reason the first eight newspapers were chosen was that they are \"small and not financially well-off\". He said that the other newspapers were widely read, and that's why these were not in the newspaper list.About the afterthought that made the government include TOI, Chowdhury said, \"In rural areas, language is a problem. So we had not included any English newspaper. However, later many pointed out that there is a demand for English newspapers, so we included TOI.\" Asked why he had chosen TOI and not the other English language dailies, Chowdhury snubbed the journalists: \"What is the problem if we choose TOI?\"Mamata in a TV interview later said that a section of the media was playing up a \"small issue\". \"It's a small circular from a small department. Why are you all after it? The government is run by the public and not by the media. Do you ask us when you all recruit people for your offices?\" the CM said, pointing out that Trinamool mouthpiece Jago Bangla is not on the list.Opposition legislators staged a walkout from the assembly for the second consecutive day after Speaker Biman Banerjee disallowed an adjournment motion on the issue.Leader of Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said: \"After coming to power, this government has shown utter disregard for all democratic norms. Whenever we seek any discussion (in assembly) we are not allowed. This never happened during the emergency.\"CPM MLA Anisur Rehman, who had proposed the motion, said: \"It is good to see civil society members and intellectuals speaking up against this government decision.\" A Left Front delegation led by Mishra met Governor M K Narayanan on the issue.Advocate Bansori Roychowdhury has filed a PIL against the March 14 order, calling it unconstitutional and undemocratic. The PIL is likely to be heard on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466089", "title": "Guwahati drive to curb unauthorized use of cooking gas", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Thursday launched an enforcement drive aimed hotels, restaurants, roadside dhabas, industrial houses and LPG godowns to curb unscrupulous elements involved in misuse of LPG cylinders during Rongali Bihu.The drive will be in progress til Rongali Bihu celebrations on April 13. Ashutosh Agnihotri, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner, has ordered two teams comprising officials of the district's food, civil supplies and consumer affairs, legal metrology and the health departments along with Indian Oil Corporation Limited to carry out the joint enforcement drives in the 60 wards of the Guwahati Municipal Corporation and Sonapur, Chandrapur, Azara, Amingaon and North Guwahati areas.The enforcement drive aims is to curb black marketing, diversion and unauthorised use of LPG in commercial establishments, to stop sales of underweight LPG cylinders to registered consumers and to stop circulation of expired LPG cylinders among domestic consumers.\"The officials have identified unauthorized users of LPG refills in Ulubari area of the city, where the drive was carried out on Thursday\", said Jiban Baruah, superintendent of food, civil supplies and consumer affairs, Kamrup (Metro).According to Indian Oil Corporation, Guwahati has been facing a shortage of bulk LPG for the last couple of months due to certain problem related to import of LPG with the oil companies which has caused a backlog in supply of LPG refills (domestic category) with their distributors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12466440", "title": "Report on \u2018rave party\u2019 soon", "text": "MANGALORE: Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi, will soon submit a report to the government pertaining to the Spring Zouk Island Festival 2012 held at St Mary's Island, for three days in the first week of February this year.She completed the hearing on Thursday where 36 officials, including deputy commissioner, superintendent of police and others gave their submission.After allegations of unethical behaviour by foreigners and use of drugs at the festival were levelled, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who had earlier supported the event in the name of tourism promotion, directed the regional commissioner to conduct an inquiry into the allegations and submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463388", "title": "Fast food stall operator dies in police custody, CID to probe", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old fast food stall operator at Wakdewadi died at the Mariaai gate police chowky in the early hours of Thursday after he was taken there for allegedly keeping his eatery open beyond the permissible time limit. Investigations into the incident have been transferred to the criminal investigation department ( CID).Personnel from the Khadki police station, who were on their night round, picked up the man, Ishwar Subrayya Gauda, and his friend from the stall around 1.30 am and took them to the chowky. The police claim Gauda died at the chowky after suffering an epileptic fit. A case of accidental death has been registered.The authorities at Sassoon hospital, where the post-mortem was conducted, have kept the viscera for a chemical analysis. \"The cause of the death will be ascertained after the analysis. The post-mortem report has stated that there were no injury marks on Gauda's body,\" deputy superintendent of police (CID) S A Mujawar told TOI.Gauda, who hailed from Karwar in Karnataka and lived at Shivajinagar here, was running Shreyash Fast Food Stall at Wakdewadi in partnership with his three friends - Shankar Naik, Rama Naik and Vishnu Naik, all from Karnataka.They had taken the stall on rent from one Vinayak Sorte and were running it for the last eight months. Speaking to TOI, Shankar Naik said the shutters of the stall had been downed on Wednesday night but that the lights inside were on as he and Gauda were watching television.\"Around 1.30 am, Gauda and I came out of the stall from the rear gate to answer nature's call. Just then, the police van stopped in front of the stall and two policemen came towards the rear gate,\" he said. Naik said the policemen began reprimanding them for keeping the stall open late in the night.\"We, however, told them that we were only watching TV inside and that the stall had been shut a long time back. The policemen told us to contact Sorte over the phone. We tried his number but could not contact him,\" he said.\"The policemen then made us sit in the van and took us to the chowky. In the meantime, Gauda called Vishnu on his cell phone and asked him to contact Sorte. At the chowky, the policemen again asked us to contact Sorte. But his phone was out of coverage area. The police then took me with them to search for Sorte's house. We returned to the chowky within 15 minutes as we were not able to find the house,\" Naik said. Naik said that when he returned, Gauda was sitting on a bench in the chowky.\"When I sat next to him, he patted me on my shoulder and said everything would be all right. He also told me that we would soon be going to our native place. All of a sudden, Gauda fell from the bench. The policemen tried to give him water but he remained unconscious. The policemen rushed him to the Khadki cantonment-run Ambedkar Hospital. However, he was declared dead on arrival by the doctors,\" Naik said. Deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Sanjay Jadhav, assistant commissioner of police (Khadki division) Kalidas Suryavanshi, senior inspector of the Khadki police station Bhimrao Tele went to the chowky after the incident.Speaking to TOI, Sorte confirmed that Gauda was epileptic. \"Around six months back, he had suffered from a similar problem while at the stall. However, after that incident, he had never suffered any health-related problems,\" he said. Superintendent of police (CID) Amol Tambe told TOI that the reason behind Gauda's death will be confirmed after the post-morterm.\"We have taken all the papers related to the case into our custody. We have started investigations,\" he said. Shankar Naik said Gauda was the only earning member of his family. \"He has been in Pune since the last eight years and has worked very hard. He would always tell us that he had to fend for his parents and sister. His uncle and cousin came from Karwar in the afternoon. The body will be sent to Karwar after the postmortem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467297", "title": "Hot yoga reverses Sudhir Mishra\u2019s aging process", "text": "Sudhir Mishra is currently on an all-time high. Ever since the 53-year old filmmaker discovered 'hot yoga' he has begun to feel the change within and outside him.The director's trademark all-grey hair could soon be a thing of the past. Sudhir's chalk-coloured hair has begun go back to black again. Says Sudhir, \"I wouldn't have noticed it if my friends hadn't pointed it out. My hair has gone white for years. But now I see it's going back to being black. Initially I didn't believe it. But yes, slowly my hair's greying process is being reversed.\"Sudhir recommends 'hot yoga' as the most effective form of exercise. \"Ever since I began to practice it I feel a change in me. The hair is just the most noticeable part of it.Interestingly Sudhir's wildly-flowing whitened mane has been an integral part of his personality for years now. He says he can't imagine looking any other way. \"The weirdest thing is, some of my friends think I've finally started dying my hair because it's suddenly looking blacker than before. I tell them I've started applying hair dye selectively.\"Sudhir Mishra is part of the small circle of showbiz folks who refuse to dye their prematurely grey hair. Vikram Bhatt and Sriram Raghavan too refuse to dye their hair although it's gone grey from the time they barely entered their 40s.Among the actresses Waheeda Rehman and Jaya Bachchan refuse to colour their hair, arguing when you dye your hair you are fooling no one except yourself.Maybe they should try 'hot yoga'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463911", "title": "Neighbour in debt robbed senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: A month after a senior citizen, Sangeeta Shenoy, was attacked and robbed by two persons at her home at Suraj Heights in Goregaon (E), one of her neighbours was arrested on Wednesday for hatching the plot. Two aides of the accused have also been rounded up.The police said the brain behind the robbery, Sujit Singh (33), was in dire need of money as he was unemployed and ridden with debts. He was also hooked on buying lottery tickets.When he heard that the Shenoys' daughter was getting married, Sujit decided to rob them, given that the family would have cash and ornaments at home before the wedding. He reportedly contacted two of his relatives, Rohit Singh (24) and Shivam Singh (19), and made a plan.On February 27, Sangeeta's husband and daughter were away for work, when Rohit and Shivam, posing as the representatives of a cooking gas company , came to \"read the gas meter\". Even as she led them into the kitchen, the two locked the door and gagged and bound her, said the police, adding that they also attacked her on her arms and legs with a knife before fleeing with ornaments, worth Rs 2.27 lakh.\"We suspected that insiders were involved as the robbers were aware that the Shenoys would have ornaments and money at home and knew that Sangeeta would be alone in the afternoon,\" DCP Rajendra Dabhade said.During questioning the neighbours, the police found Sujit behaving suspiciously. On conducting a background check on him, they found that Sujit's father had a milk supply business, which had run into losses. Married with a schoolgoing child, Sujit not only did not have any fixed source of income, he was also into buying lottery tickets, the police said.When the officials checked his cellphone locations, they found that Sujit would often visit Vasai. \"After we detained Sujit for questioning, we learnt from him that Rohit and Shivam stayed in Vasai. A junior artiste by profession, Rohit, who was newly married , had also run into debts as he was addicted to the bottle. Shivam worked as a waiter ,\" said investigating officer Dhanaji Nalawade.\"A fortnight before the robbery, the two came over to Sujit's place one night when his unsuspecting wife was away. Over dinner, the three plotted the robbery and conducted a recce of the building, including the locations of the lift and the Shenoys' flat. Sujit, however, did not participate in the actual robbery as he knew that Sangeeta would recognize him.\" Based on Sujit's information , the police arrested Rohit and Shivam from their Vasai homes on Wednesday.The accused pawned the stolen ornaments with a firm, which offered finance against gold. \"Four bangles worth Rs 1.2 lakh have been recovered so far. The accused had also pawned their family's jewellery earlier,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463186", "title": "Leadership event to hone students\u2019 skills", "text": "GURGAON: The Shri Ram School and Aspen Institute India are to jointly offer a two-week residential programme for students of Grades 9-12. The programme, to be held from May 26 to June 9, aims to build the students into leaders of tomorrow and imbue them with a desire to be proactive.This is the first such programme being offered in India and will go a long way in building a breed of young value-based leaders for India. \"The programme is designed in such a way that it will provide the students with vital skills and awareness to become the leaders of tomorrow, imbued with a desire to move from thought to action and from success to significance,\" said Kiran Pasricha, CEO and executive director of Aspen Institute India.The programme will provide leadership experience through a 100-hour, 9-module and 15-day programme using wide-ranging pedagogies like Socratic dialogue, case studies, adventure sports, communication skills and many more. The leadership school will also consist of exciting adventure sports and experimental training provided by snow leopard adventures.The leadership school will take place at a scenic camp site close to Rishikesh next to the Ganges and will be open to all schools of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462334", "title": "Can Parsekar prod his portfolios out of coma?", "text": "PANAJI: \"More than the minister for health and RDA, I feel like I am the minister for public grievance redressal,\" new health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said on Thursday.Speaking to media persons in his secretariat chamber at Porvorim, Parsekar said that in the last few days since he took over as minister for health, he has been flooded with complaints and grievances from doctors and other health professionals from the Goa Medical college and other departments. \"A lot of injustice has been done to the people to the extent that they were unable to discharge their duties properly. A lot of my time is spent in listening to people's problems,\" Parsekar said.Doctors working for the government are probably easier to deal with than private hospitals that are demanding their payments from the government. Parsekar said that in the last few days, representatives of private hospitals have been visiting him and reminding that the government owes them payments towards mediclaim treatments by citizens. A representative of a reputed private hospital gently reminded Parsekar that the government has a debt of 3.50 crore to it.Parsekar says that such was the government's reputation with private hospitals that some are refusing to honour the government's mediclaim letter carried by Goan patients. The health minister said that two days back, a relative of a Goan patient now in Mumbai, called him to say that the Tata hospital is refusing to honour the government's mediclaim letter and give treatment to the patient. \"They want the government to first pay them their outstanding dues,\" the patient told Parsekar.Parsekar's other department of rural development agency (RDA) is another can of worms. He said that the previous government went on a spree issuing work orders without making financial provisions for the works. \"I think the entire allocation in the budget for the RDA department will go in clearing the dues. I am wondering whether I can withdraw the orders,\" Parsekar said.Asked about the amount of 36 crore allotted to the state government by the centre for the national health mission and whether he was considering an investigation into how it was used or misused, Parsekar said that wherever there were leakages of government funds, these have to be looked into and those responsible must be brought to justice. \"I am new. I need to understand and I am listening to people,\" Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463662", "title": "Bank officers among 4 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police on Thursday arrested four more persons, including top brass of banks and an insurance firm, who facilitated a gang that sent people abroad on forged documents.They have been identified as Rahul Tandon, 30, manager of HDFC bank; Chetan Gulati, 25, manager of Axis Bank; Rohit Sachdeva, 25, manager of MetLife insurance company - all working in Jalandhar -- and Rajeev Sharma, 45, who runs an education consultancy firm in Sector 22, here. The bank and insurance firm employees provided original documents of their customers to Aman Bhalla, a resident of Zirakpur, who forged these to help his namesake clients procure tourist visa for the US and Europe.\"Bhalla's gang was busted on Sunday, with the arrest of seven persons. During interrogation, Bhalla told about them.Sharma would send some of his students interested in going abroad illegally to him,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID).\"This is a multi-crore scam. All the gang members are either graduates or post-graduates. Two of them are MBAs. Earlier, we had arrested Pankaj Kumar, 28, who was a contractual employee with HDFC Bank in Jalandhar. For each bank statement and insurance paper, they charged Rs 5,000 to Rs 7,000,\" he added.Last week, two other gangs forging documents were busted with the arrest of 14 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12462104", "title": "National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories grants accreditation to Dhruv lab", "text": "NAGPUR: With increased emphasis on quality by the government in health sector, hospitals and laboratories have begun to seek accreditation from the required agencies. Though accreditation raises the competitive status of the laboratory, it is one tool which has in the last few years brought better facilities to the patients.Dhruv pathology and molecular diagnostic laboratories located in Aditya Enclave opposite Somalwar school on Central Bazar road has been granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL). Dr Shailendra Mundhada, the lab director told TOI that the certification does not come easily. The laboratory has to follow all the standards laid down by the accreditation agency about space, instrument quality, manpower and other technical requirements. \"It requires qualified and specific number of technicians to get the accreditation. There can be no compromise on it.\"Chairman of the laboratory and a senior pathologist explained that accreditation is basically a third-party certification of competence of the laboratory in terms of testing and calibration. \"Now if a patient desires quality diagnostics he can look for the accredited labs from the directory on the Internet. This prevents the patient from running from one lab to other for reconfirming the results,\" he said. Dr Mundhada claims that since the inception of the lab in 1995, the laboratory has maintained standard but getting accreditation has give formal recognition to the services and facilities available.The lab has state of the art diagnostic facilities like the RT-PCR which is used for diagnosing the viral load during infections, a MCD machine which is used to measure the CD4 count in an HIV infected person. People living with HIV/AIDS may not be required to be on medication unless their CD4 count goes below a particular limit. This test apparently is available only in our lab in the city. Some other specialities of the lab include carcinogenic embryogenic antigen test, tumour markers, cardiac markers, immuno-histochemistry tests, food intolerenace tests, antimicrobial resistance testing and hormonal assays etc.\"The automated microbial culture sensitivity machine called as Bac -T can detect the cause of infection causing high fever in just 6-8 hours as against the other tests which require at least 24 hours for the purpose. It can even measure the antibiotic sensitivity of the infecting organism and thus allows the treating doctors to provide right medication to the patient.\"Besides our lab there are just two other labs, one attached to Avanti Heart Institute and one at the Ordnance Factory hospital which have NABL accreditation so far in the city,\" said Dr Sheila Mundhada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463516", "title": "Don\u2019t prosecute house owners for failing to give tenant info, cops told", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday restrained the Chennai police from prosecuting house owners who fail to submit details of their tenants before the deadline of April 30. But the court refused to suspend the order asking landlords to furnish such information in a prescribed format.An interim order to this effect was passed by the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on two public interest petitions, one filed by advocate S Jim Raj Milton and the other by R Sridhar, a doctor.On March 3 the city police issued an order under Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure asking house owners who had rented out their homes to furnish all information relating to their tenants before April 30. As per the order, demographic information including name, age, father's name, occupation details and identity proofs were required to be submitted, along with mobile numbers of the house owner and the tenant.Those who fail to submit such information, the order said, would be prosecuted under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, which provides for imprisonment up to one month for disobeying orders of public servants.In his PIL, Milton said the order was issued in the aftermath of two bank dacoities in Chennai which cast a shadow on the efficiency of police. The suspected dacoits were later tracked, but were gunned down in a midnight operation, he said. The controversial decision to collect the data of tenants, migrant workers and students from other states started afterwards, he said.Noting that this type of data collection was not regulated under any specific law, Milton said the police sought to implement its decision by circumventing the procedure established by law. Describing it as an arbitrary and excessive use of power, he said seeking such details would amount to police surveillance, and added that the order deserved to be quashed. He also wanted the court to direct the police to destroy all the records and information already collected from the residents.Adjourning the matter by two weeks for further hearing, the judges said: \"In the meanwhile, the order shall not be suspended. But no criminal action should be taken for violation of the order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466999", "title": "Ganja peddler arrested: Police personnel of Division no 6 arrested ...", "text": "Police personnel of Division no 6 arrested a 35-year-old ganja peddler on Thursday afternoon and recovered 24 kilogram ganja worth Rs 50,000.In charge of the Janakpuri police post Sohan Singh said they found the accused Balirama??s activity suspicious when they were on a routine patrolling. Baliram was carrying the ganja in a sack on his back.Singh said the accused, a native of Bihar , resides in Moti Nagar in the city. He used to import ganja from Nepal and distribute in Focal Point area, he added. A case has been registered against Baliram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463511", "title": "Child abductor sneaks out of police station", "text": "CHENNAI: A child snatcher arrested on Wednesday sneaked out of a police station on Greames Road during a loo break on Thursday afternoon.G Kumarapandian, who kidnapped a two-year-old boy on Tuesday, was being questioned at the Thousand Lights station by the Central Crime Branch officers. After a day-long grilling, Kumarapandian was let out of the building to ease himself at toilet in the compound. But he never came back.Police officers believe he have ran out through the front gate that is barely guarded.The Thousand Lights Police station sits on a large campus ringed by a compound wall. \"There is a toilet in the building, but that is for officers and staff. Visitors and criminals use the one outside, just 30 steps away from the station building,\" said an officer.Kumarapandian had kidnapped a toddler playing near his house on T H Road in Tondiarpet. The child's parents lodged a complaint after they couldn't find the boy. A special team of CCB investigating the case arrested Kumarapandian around 2am on Wednesday from Broadway bus terminus. \"He said that he kidnapped the child to steal anklets and gold chain,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465579", "title": "Boy drowns in Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: A boy was feared drowned in the Ganga when a small boat capsized in the river near Baripur Ghat in Koirauna area in Bhadohi district on Thursday afternoon.According to reports, a group of 6-7 boys were on the boat to cross the river. One of them Anjeb (18), a native of Ramaipatti, Mirzapur, went into deep waters while the other boys swam back to the bank safely. The local administration swung into action and began the search operation. The body could not be fished out till filing the report.128 caught travelling without ticket: As many as 128 persons were caught travelling without tickets during an intensive ticket checking drive carried out on Varanasi-Aurihar route under Varanasi division of NER on Thursday. A sum of Rs 32,425 was realized as penalty from the defaulters.The checking drive was conducted under the supervision of assistant divisional commercial manager Radheyshyam in Lichchvi, Krishak, Pawan, Swatantrata Senani, Dadar and Sarnath Express passing through the route. The drive will continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12467747", "title": "BJP seeks AK Antony's resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Friday demanded defence minister AK Antony's resignation, upping the ante against government over the controversy surrounding Army chief's allegation that he was offered bribe for clearance of Tatra truck contracts.Raising the issue during Zero Hour in Rajya Sabha, Prakash Javadekar (BJP) questioned whether the minister was patronising corruption as no action has been taken against anybody though a probe was ordered two years back.He rejected Antony's contention that he did not act on the Army chief's information on bribe offer in absence of any written complaint and claimed that a written complaint did exist.\"If the probe in Tatra trucks is continuing from 2009 to 2011, if it is not completed in two years, then this government and this defence minister are trying to cover up corruption. If you are patronising corruption, you have no right to remain in power. The defence minister should resign,\" Javadekar said.The BJP leader told the House that Union minister Ghulam Nabi Azad had written a letter to the defence minister two years back demanding a probe into the matter. Azad was not in the House.He said the defence ministry had even informed Azad that the probe was going on. He demanded that the contents of the findings should be made public.Javadekar also demanded to know what action was taken into the matter and who were found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465865", "title": "Mile Sur for Millenium", "text": "The eighties music video Mille sur mera tumhara remains etched in collective memory, what with its mellifluous tunes and lyrics that are essentially one phrase repeated in 14 Indian languages.At the time, the video was made with the objective of promoting unity in diversity.Carrying the tradition forward, the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) has commissioned a music video on similar lines. And this time around, the cause is adult literacy.An NFDC spokesperson confirmed the news and added, \"It is true. The music video has really turned out very well. We will launch it nationally in April.\"With lyrics penned by Javed Akhtar, the music video will feature the likes of Shahrukh Khan , Anil Kapoor , Kareena Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra , Farhan Akhtar and Shabana Azmi.According to a source, NFDC has commissioned Javed Akhtar's Rizla Films and Excel Entertainment as executive producers to make the music video on Adult Literacy for the National Literacy Mission Authority. NFDC and the National Literacy Mission Authority wanted the producer to make a strong, memorable music video on the lines of Mille sur... to educate and reach out to illiterate people across the country.The source informed, \"The song is titled Shiksha ka suraj and has been written by Javed Akhtar and sung by Sonu Nigam and Alka Yagnik. The music has been composed by Lalit Pundit. The video has been directed by Taher Mithaiwala and Ashutosh Shah, with Ruchi Narain as creative producer. The video has already been shot in various locations like Mumbai, Chandigarh, Shimla, Pushkar and the North East, and has Shahrukh Khan, Anil Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra, Farhan Akhtar and Shabana Azmi in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "actress manisha koirala , best known for her performances in films like 'khamoshi', '1942", "code": "12466509", "title": "Manisha Koirala to make a comeback in Bollywood", "text": "Actress Manisha Koirala , best known for her performances in films like 'Khamoshi', '1942: A Love Story', 'Bombay' and 'Dil Se', is set to make a sort of comeback in Bollywood after a brief break.\"I will talk about my films later. Because I don't know when the directors and producers are ready to make an announcement. But there are three films whose script I have okayed. I am meeting two more directors, I am okaying those scripts as well,\" Manisha told reporters in Mumbai.\"This year I will be working (on these films)... so next year would be a kind of comeback,\" she said.The 42-year-old Nepali-Indian actress made her acting debut in Bollywood with Subhash Ghai's 'Saudagar' (1991), which was a huge hit.After years of success, she was later seen in several low-budget films like 'Paisa Vasool' (2004), 'Sirf' (2008) and a few others, which were box office dud.Recently, it was reported that Madhur Bhandarkar's much-awaited film 'Heroine' is inspired by Manisha's life. Bhandarkar has, however, denied such reports.When asked Manisha about the same, she said, \"I hope he knows me well to make a movie on me.\"Manisha was here to see filmmaker Vidhu Vinod Chopra's blockbuster 'Parinda' (1989).\"He is one of the finest directors we have today. I was fortunate to work with him in '1942: A love Story',\" the award-winning actress said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463727", "title": "Bhagmati\u2019s tomb in Zaffar\u2019s house?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Did revenue officials and police stumble upon the tomb of Bhagmati on Thursday? A raid on the massive property of dreaded history-sheeter Zaffar Pahelwan at Ammannagar in Yakutpura, which was out of bounds for any government official until now, threw up some intriguing facts. On the nearly eight-acre premises, officials found to their astonishment a heritage structure, huge quantities of ammunition, cash and even human remains in a polythene bag.Revenue and police officials had gone to Pahelwan's sprawling premises to check allegations of encroachment of government land. Following the arrest of Zaffar Pahelwan in a murder case earlier this week, police planned to raid his house to look for weapons. However, as Pahelwan was also accused of encroaching government land, revenue authorities were roped in first.With the assistance of a strong police contingent __ about 50 police personnel headed by two ACPs and three CIs __ Charminar tahsildar Ratna Kalyani went to Pahelwan Bhai's house to conduct a survey. The revenue officials initially wanted to inspect just the 1,880 square metres of encroached graveyard portion of this property located in Town Survey number 52 E.\"When our officials visited the property, we found an old woman residing in a shed next to a tomb on the premises. The entire property was a graveyard and it has been encroached upon. The woman said that the property has been in possession of Zaffar Pahelwan and she has been paying rent to him,\" Hyderabad RDO S Harish told TOI.While the local folklore says that the structure was Bhagmati's tomb, officials are yet to confirm it. \"We have asked archeology department officials to inspect the site,\" the RDO said. Bhagmati was the famous courtesan after whom the city was named by the founder of Hyderabad, Mohd Quli Qutub Shah.Due to fear of the locals, no government official used to visit the site. Also, due to negligence, the structure is in a dilapidated state.Archeological expert MA Khayyum, who is likely to visit the site in a day or two, said it was too early to say whether it was Bhagmati's tomb or not. \"It's a contentious issue. Archeologists and historians have different opinions on that,\" Khayyum said.Meanwhile, after the revenue officials, police carried out raids on Pahelwan's property and seized 34 target rounds, 28 '.32 live' rounds, seven swords, Rs 74 lakh cash, 41,000 Saudi riyals, $2000 and Rs 40 lakh fixed deposit receipts from his house. They also found a human skull and bones wrapped in a polythene cover.Another raid on his godown in Rein Bazaar led to recovery of 12 four-wheelers and 33 autos in his possession. \"We suspect that Pahelwan forcibly took away these vehicles from people. We are verifying ownership details of the vehicles and also checking the source of the huge amount of cash and weapons seized,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), South Zone, Manish Kumar Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461806", "title": "Dharavi sports complex to be ready by May-end", "text": "MUMBAI: Dharavi youngsters will soon have a place to swim and exercise their skills at games like volleyball and badminton, as the multi-facility sports complex in the area will be ready by May-end.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said that the expenditure incurred was for building social infrastructure in an area which had need of such facilities. \"It is part of our investment in the city's youth and their future in sports,\" he said.The Rs 21 crore facility, being built by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) on 12,430sq m of land in the middle of Dharavi, has attracted a lot of interest from social service organizations. The complex will have facilities catering to squash, badminton, billiards, table tennis and carrom, as well as a sophisticated gymnasium.In addition, there will also be grounds for games like kabbadi and kho-kho. There will be two swimming pools; one of Olympic size of 25x25m and another half that size for learners. The complex will also have a library with an emphasis on sports related books, dormitories for sportspersons, a store, a bank and a cafeteria.Joint project director for MMRDA Dilip Kawathkar said that they will be installing lifts and airconditioning in a section of the complex and will then hand it over to the district sport and youth welfare department of the state government. Many social organizations will be getting together the youth to take advantage of these facilities. It will be an important rallying point for the youth who are drawn to sports, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462922", "title": "Bikers attack South African family, snatch away passports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified bikers attacked a South African family in the heart of the city on Tuesday and snatched away their belongings, including passports. The incident has once again raised questions about the security in the city given the fact that New Delhi district has seen heavy deployment due to the ongoing BRICS summit.Police said Chockalingam Moodley of Durban, South Africa, had come to India recently with family on a holiday. Around 8pm on Tuesday, he went out for a stroll to Bengali Market with his wife, Krishnavanie, and two other relatives. At Babur Lane, bikers intercepted Krishnavanie, who was a few paces behind the others. She had a brief scuffle with the assailants; but by the time her husband could come to her rescue, the goons had snatched away all her belongings and sped off.Moodley told cops that he and his relative Sanjam chased the bikers for about 500 metres in an abortive bid to stop them. Krishnavanie was injured in the incident and cops also reached the spot, but the bikers still escaped. As the goons wore helmets, the victim couldn't identify them.A case was registered under sections 356 and 379 of the Indian Penal Code at the Barakhamba Road police station. Cops told TOI on Thursday that they had been trying to obtain CCTV footage.Elsewhere, a thief stole a Swedish woman's luggage at the Nizamuddin railway station on Wednesday morning. Camilla Erelot, a resident of Harby Gard in Sweden, had just arrived in the city after a trip to Goa with her children. The family had just de-boarded the Goa Express when the incident occurred.Erelot told the police that she had just stepped out of the train with her babies around 6.15am when someone came, picked up her luggage and ran away. She lost all her belongings, including her laptop.Last month, three such incidents had occurred over a span of three days in New Delhi district. On February 5, one Adilia Martins Afonso was targeted at a church in Mandir Marg area. A day before, a French embassy staffer was attacked near the Italian embassy in the upscale Chanakyapuri area. A Japanese tourist named Fuki Toshimoto had become a victim of snatching at Aurangzeb Road while she was travelling in an autorickshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463482", "title": "Cheating case registered against Yogeshwar", "text": "BANGALORE: Vidhana Soudha police on Thursday registered a case of cheating under Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code against forest minister CP Yogeshwar following a complaint by a representative of Nandi Engineeering Limited, promoted by Ashok Kheny of the Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises Ltd which is building the Bangalore-Mysore expressway.On Wednesday, company representative R Rudregoud accused Yogeshwar of taking two cheques of Rs 1 crore each for speedy acquisition of land seven years ago. The minister had assured them he would transfer a sizeable portion of land belonging to him for the project in 2005. \"He summoned us to the Legislator's Home for the final negotiation. As per our understanding, we gave cheques bearing numbers 921779 (dated January 20, 2005) and 921798 (dated January 27, 2005) for Rs 1 crore each drawn on Bank of India's St Mark's Road branch,\" the complaint stated.\"We were under the impression that CP Yogeshwar will transfer lands to the project, but even after two years, he neither transferred an inch of land nor intended to return the money,\" the complaint alleged. \"Despite several meetings and reminder notices, he has not only dishonoured the promise but also cheated us for an amount of Rs 2 crore of principal amount and interest till date,\" the complaint alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12459637", "title": "Pakistan addicted to using terrorist groups against India: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan is addicted to using terrorist groups against India and the policy is not going to change any time soon, a key Pentagon official told the US Congress in a blunt and bleak assessment of the situation in the region.At a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Sub-Committee on emerging threats and capabilities, the Obama administration's assistant secretary of defense for special ops/low-intensity conflict Michael Sheehan barely minced words on Tuesday in calling out Pakistan's now widely-known policy of using terrorism as a policy tool. But what was astonishing was his candid admission about US helplessness in changing the Pakistani mindset.''They have an addiction to playing around with militia groups to achieve certain interests, particularly vis-a-vis India. That gets them in all kinds of trouble,'' Sheehan told the panel, using a milder term for terrorists groups.He then added: ''We've had these conversations with them forever about that. I don't see that changing. I don't see any set of talking points that's going to be delivered by some new diplomat that's going to change their mind.''Sheehan's remarks came amid a significant thawing of ties between Pakistan's civilian establishment, buffeted by multiple domestic crisis, including a critical shortage of energy that is causing street rioting, and New Delhi. The official echoed President Obama's view that Washington had little choice but to work with Islamabad despite its disquieting use of terrorism by the country's military establishment, a policy New Delhi also appears to have embraced as it offers power supply to Pakistan.''It's a very troubling and can be so frustrating in dealing with the Pakistani government on so many levels, but at the end of the day we're going to find confluence of interest and we're going to work together as best we can,'' Sheehan said in expressing Washington's dilemma which appears to be shared by New Delhi as it warms up to Pakistan despite its inaction on 26/11 and not forswearing use of proxy terrorist groups which have now been mainstreamed into Pakistani politics under the banner of difa-e-Pakistan (Defence of Pakistan)Sheehan warned though that ''at the end of the day, the (US) president is going to do what he has to do, unilaterally. And he will always protect that prerogative to protect the security of the American people and our interests.'' India is implicitly asked not to exercise such prerogative by US and its western cohorts, although Washington has lately laid off on from stiff-arming New Delhi in this regard.Top U.S military generals have been meeting with Pakistani counterparts to get the relationship back on rails, and while there is some sign of thaw, Sheehan offered a bleak assessment of long-term relationship. He indicated the new parliamentary committee review of US-Pakistan relation, including a laundry list of demands on Washington, ''are going to further complicate our ability to work with the Pakistani government.''President Obama too suggested as much as he asked Pakistan to keep US interests in mind even as he welcomed the review during his meeting with Prime Minister Gilani in Seoul . ''He's very respectful of that process,'' a senior Obama administration official said of the review while maintaining the US was also mindful of its ''core interest'' - of eliminating terrorism.Obama himself was upfront about what he expected from Pakistan following his meeting with Gilani, saying ''my expectation is, is that as a consequence of the review that's taking place in Pakistan as well as the work that we're doing on the American side, that we can achieve the kind of balanced approach that respects Pakistan's sovereignty, but also it respects our concerns with respect to our national security and our needs to battle terrorists who have targeted us in the past.'' At the same time, he did not commit himself to ending drone strikes, which Pakistan says violates its sovereignty.Despite a very public demand from Pakistan for a civilian nuclear deal on par with India's, the US official said the subject did not even feature in the Obama-Gilani talks, which centered on the parliamentary review, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan , and some economic issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463230", "title": "Scandal in subsidized kerosene: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition on Thursday alleged that the food and civil supplies department was sleeping over a kerosene oil scandal running into a whooping Rs 921 crore per month. The black-marketers in connivance with the government department were selling the subsidised kerosene oil meant for the poor to industries involved in making chemicals and paints, the opposition alleged in the assembly.The corruption issue was raised by BJP chief whip Rajendra Rathore during the Zero Hour through a slip. Rathore started by stressing that as many as 96 lakh families in the state had no access to cooking gas and were forced to depend on the kerosene oil to cook food. \"The state gets 51 crore litres of subsidised kerosene oil every month for the below poverty line (BPL) families. Of this, around 30 crore litre of kerosene oil is sold to chemical and paints factories,\" Rathore said.The opposition chief whip asserted the food and civil supplies minister Parsadi Lal Meena was aware of the scandal but was \"unable\" to check it. \"The minister has told media that he will inform the chief minister about it,\" Rathore said.The opposition demanded a reply from the food and civil supplies minster, but he was not present in the assembly at that time. In fact, except for minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal, no other minister was present in the House when the issue was raised. \"The rules says that at least one cabinet minister should be in the House at all times,\" deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari pointed out.The Central government launched direct subsidy scheme on kerosene for the BPL families and a pilot project was being run in Kotkasim area of Alwar district, said Rathore. \"This subsidised kerosene is available in the open market at Rs 46 per litre,\" he claimed. In Kotkasim, nearly 84 lakh litre kerosene was sold before the pilot project was launched. When the government introduced the scheme of depositing the subsidy amount directly in the account of the BPL cardholder, it was found that only around 35 lakh litere kerosene was sold in the area. It was then found that the difference (nearly 49 lakh litre) was earlier going to the open market. \"If the government checks this black-marketing, it can save Rs 921 crore every month,\" Rathore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12463769", "title": "\u2018City is an extension of our home\u2019", "text": "PANCHKULA: It is not just the Panchkula municipal corporation's men who carry on night sweeping, but even some young residents are lending a helping hand in a show of support. Ravia Rai, Raghav and Nikita Gupta, feel no positive change is possible in society without the cooperation of youngsters and are working towards their goal to see Panchkula clean.\"When I heard about this night sweeping project, so that residents can wake up to a clean Panchkula, I found it nice initiative. But such a project can't succeed without residents' cooperation so I am doing my bit,\" says Ravia, a BCom final year student.Raghav, a Class XI student, says he would contribute in every way possible to keep his city clean. \"I heard some footsteps outside my house one night while studying and when I peeped from my window, I saw night sweeping in full swing. I decided to participate for changing my city,\" he adds.\"Panchkula is known for its green and clean surroundings. But as people throw garbage, cleanliness is being affected. It is a fact that even if authorities start a project, it wouldn't be effective unless residents cooperate. This is the reason we joined hands for this cause,\" says Nikita, a Class XII student.The trio feel their initiative will motivate others too. \"Our city is an expansion of our homes. If we look at it that way, I am sure Panchkula would be the cleanest city,\" adds Nikita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12462019", "title": "Emaar customers plan to move consumer forum", "text": "HYDERABAD: Emaar MGF's failure to respond to the legal notice slapped on it earlier this month has compelled owners of Gachibowli's multi-crore 'Boulder Hills' project to resort to other means of action against the developer. The buyers, under the 'Exclesior Owners' Association' banner, are now set to approach the local consumer court to get possession of their properties that were scheduled to be handed over to them latest by January 1, 2012. However, the high profile residential venture continues to stand unfinished with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) still probing the APIIC-Emaar scam.\"Emaar MGF officials confirmed the receipt of the notice but have not replied to it, despite the lapse of over two weeks. Hence, we are contemplating further action against the firm,\" said the owner of a flat. The property got mired in a controversy in 2010 after the government, represented by the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation, alleged that the developer had diluted its share in the venture from 26% to 6%.Apart from approaching the consumer court soon, the owners also plan to slap a second legal notice on MGF in the hope of getting a reply this time around. \"We are still in consultation with our advocate and may go ahead with a second notice next week,\" a costumer confirmed. He further said that the association might even file a suit against the developer in the high court if MGF continues to remain silent on the matter.As per the agreement signed between Emaar MGF and its buyers, the project was to have been completed by June 2011. A grace period of six months (December 31, 2011) was granted to the developer, who agreed to pay a penalty of Rs 10,000 (approx) per month to its buyers for any further delay. However, this agreement has not been honoured by MGF that has neither completed the residential complex nor made any attempt to pay the fine to its customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462781", "title": "Now government bestows amnesty upon miners", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is raining amnesties in the State Assembly. First it was amnesty for sales tax defaulters, then it was power bill. And on Thursday, it was the turn to give relief to defaulters and mineral thieves accused of royalty and dead rent evasion.State minister for industry and mines Saurabh Patel announced that the relief for defaulters of the state's minor minerals including gravel, stone, black trap, sand among others. These materials are used for residential houses and construction industry. For mining of these minerals, lease holders pay royalty and dead rent. For delay in payment of this royalty and rent, the lease holders have to pay interest. Moreover small farmers and common citizens used it for construction and use for leveling of their farms. Due to oversight or mistakes in mining these minerals, the farmer and common man become liable for paying royalty or price of mineral with interest.Patel said that the announced amnesty will give relief scheme for the long pending recovery of Rs 332 crore. Patel announced that the government proposed to waive off the interest lease royalty, dead rent or surface rent if the dues were paid in time. Also, the government instead of calculating the price of the mineral extracted, will settle the case with a single royalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466446", "title": "Gurjar remanded in judicial custody", "text": "INDORE: Manoj Gurjar, the driver of the tractor-trolley under which IPS Narendra Kumar was crushed, was on Thursday produced before the special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court in the city. The court remanded Gurjar in judicial custody till April 11.The accused pleaded ignorance and said he had nothing to do with the death of the young police officer.Manoj has been accused of running over the stone-laden trolley over the IPS officer Kumar on March 8.Police on Monday had brought Manoj from Morena to produce him in the CBI court. The CBI was handed the case after a hue and cry.The accused too was handed over to the CBI. He was escorted from Morena by ASI Uadi Pratap Singh, while the CBI was represented by its official Subhash Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461948", "title": "Blow to NCP-controlled bank", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fresh setback for the Sharad Pawar-led NCP, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday dissolved the board of directors of the NCP-controlled Sangli District Central Cooperative Bank for rampant irregularities and blatant violation of the Banking Regulation Act. A week ago, senior NCP leader Dinkar Patil had been unanimously elected as the chairman of the bank.A senior cooperation department official confirmed that following a recommendation made by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), the RBI on Thursday dissolved the board of directors and asked the state government to appoint an administrator. \"As per the directives of the RBI, we have appointed a joint registrar as administrator and he has already taken charge,\" the official said.On May 28, 2011, the RBI, on the recommendation of Nabard, had dissolved the board of directors of the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank controlled by senior NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Ajit Pawar had come down heavily on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the manner in which the RBI order was implemented in haste. Then, following the RBI directive, Chavan had appointed finance secretary Sudhir Shrivastava and marketing secretary S K Goyal as administrators. Despite mounting pressure from NCP, the state government has not taken any steps for handing over the apex to the board of directors.In the case of Sangli bank, Nabard had undertaken its inspection for the financial year 2010-11 and found that the bank has failed to carry out its duties as a financial institution. \"Nabard found that there was violation of the Banking Regulation Act at all levels. It had no option but to recommend to the RBI to dissolve the board of directors and appoint an administrator,\" the official said.On the specific irregularities, the official said that Nabard found that the board of directors had flouted bylaws, had not followed the 'know your customer' norms, massive loans had been given to co-operative factories having huge negative net worth and above all, the non-performing assets were much higher than the limit prescribed by the RBI and there was steady erosion in deposits. \"Nabard and RBI permit NPA to the extent of 5%, but in the present case, it was found that it was 29%,\" he said.The co-operation department official said that even as the board of directors of the MSC bank and the Sangli bank have been dissolved, most of the district central co-operative banks across the state are sailing in the same boat. \"All these banks are directly controlled by politicians. Both Nabard and RBI had been warning the state about the deteriorating financial condition of these institutions, but no corrective steps were taken. Under such circumstances, RBI has to take stringent action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462941", "title": "Tibetans smash cordon at summit venue, bundled out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chastened by media reports - particularly in TOI - about racial profiling, Delhi Police noticeably stepped down their aggressive questioning of people with 'Tibetan features.' While police stopped people to check their identity cards, there was no report of northeastern Indians being taken to police stations.Delhi Police continued to check identity cards of those travelling in the vicinity of south and New Delhi areas during the day. TOI spoke to some people from northeastern states living in Delhi who said they had not been harassed by police on Thursday.\"Police checked our identity cards when we were entering Khan Market, but let us go after cursory checking. They entered some of the eateries in the morning and questioned staff, but when they were told that people working there are from Manipur and Nagaland, they left. It was not like Wednesday,\" said a Manipuri national who works as a waiter in one of the eateries.On Wednesday, cops had even picked up two police officers from Nagaland who were returning home after completing their duty hours.\"They were picked up in the New Delhi area on Wednesday evening and taken to the police station for questioning. However, when it was found that they were in fact police officers working in Delhi, they were immediately let off,\" said a senior police officer who did not wish to be named.When TOI interviewed people of northeastern descent travelling in north campus, Majnu ka Tila and south district, most said that they had not encountered harassment from cops. Northeastern student groups and associations also confirmed that they had not received any complaints of police harassment.The high court on Thursday had come down heavily on Delhi Police, directing them not to harass people from the northeast and Ladakh because of their resemblance to Tibetans who have been protesting against the visit of Chinese president Hu Jintao .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467709", "title": "Sasi Kumar ready for Kutti Puli", "text": "Director-actor-producer Sasi Kumar's next film will be Kutti Puli. He will be playing the hero in this film.Director Bhoopathi Pandian's assistant Muthiah will be wielding the megaphone for this venture. The story of Kutti Puli is based out of Srivilliputtur, said sources close to the film's unit.Muruganantham of Village Theatres, which has produced the Vimal starrer Vagai Sooda Va, will be producing Kutti Puli too. Ghibran has been signed up to score the music for this film. The shooting will begin in a couple of months and the pre-production work is progressing in full swing now.The other cast and crew has not been finalized yet. The search for the heroine is also on.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465551", "title": "Power woes continue", "text": "VARANASI: The city's tryst with dwindling power supply continued on Thursday.While a number of areas attached with feeders of 33 KV Chowkaghat, Shankuldhara, Kashi Vidyapeeth, Maidagin witnessed frequent power cuts and unscheduled rostering, power snags were also witnessed in trans-Varuna areas with Bhojubir, Pandeypur and Ashapur areas attached to 132 KV Ledhupur station being worst affected in the day.The power disruptions not only made mockery of instructions of assured uninterrupted power supply between 6 pm to 10 pm on Wednesday (March 28), the deteriorating conditions also aggravated trouble for denizens amidst rising mercury in the day. As per Subhash Mehta, executive engineer, while efforts were made to ensure uninterrupted power supply in the evening, the rising power demand coupled with local faults are adding to the power woes in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462057", "title": "Lok Sabha clears judicial accountability bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha on Thursday cleared the judicial accountability legislation that seeks to set up a credible mechanism to probe complaints of misbehaviour by judges.The Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, 2010, and Constitutional 114th Amendment Bill, 2010, will help setting new probity standards in higher judiciary.The bill seeks to establish credible and expedient mechanism for probing into individual complaints for misbehaviour or incapacity of a judge of the Supreme Court or of a High Court.It also provides to regulate the procedure for such investigation and for the presentation of an address by Parliament to President proceeding for removal of a judge and for matters connected with such matters.The bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha in 2010 and subsequently sent to the parliamentary standing committee on personnel, law and justice, which made a crucial recommendation that seeks to \"restrain\" judges from making \"unwarranted comments\" against other constitutional bodies or persons.According to the bill, any judge, who makes oral comments against other constitutional authorities and individuals, would render h/himself liable for judicial misconduct.Making a brief reply on the bill, law minister Salman Khurshid said the legislation seeks to set up a mechanism to inquire into complaints against a judge of the SC or the HC. The minister said the bill aims at striking a balance between maximizing judicial independence and laying down accountability for members of the higher judiciary. Khurshid said, \"The passage of this bill shall be a major achievement in establishing systems and procedures which will be far superior and practicable to that provided for in the Judges Enquiry Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462243", "title": "Women end hunger strike against liquor shop location", "text": "NASHIK: The women of Padmadarshan Plaza, Gangapur Road, Anandwalli, who had gone on an indefinite hunger strike in protest against the liquor shop that was being relocated to their area, withdrew their agitation on Thursday after an assurance from the owner of the liquor store that he would not set up his shop there considering the objections of the area's residents.As many as 21 women of the said residential colony had gone on a hunger strike from Wednesday morning to protest the relocation of the liquor shop to their area. The excise department had granted permission for the relocation of the 'Shree Wines' liquor shop from the Malegaon stand area to the Padmadarshan Plaza, which is situated on Gangapur Road, Anandwalli.The women of the area said that there was a temple devoted to the deity Vithal Rukmini right opposite the spot where the store was to be relocated.By granting permission to the relocation of the liquor shop at that place would mean hurting the sentiments of the worshippers at the temple. This apart, there was also a medical shop right beside the relocation spot of the liquor shop, adding to the woes of the residents.The hunger strike from the women came after their request was not accepted by the superintendent of the excise department, police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, the chief minister, state home minister, the chief secretary and also the state excise minister and the district guardian minister.The women went on a hunger strike from Wednesday morning and on Thursday afternoon, the members of the Padmadarshan Plaza called on district collector P Velrasu at the Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan. The meeting with the collector was also attended by MLA Nithin Bhosale, corporator Vikrant Mate, Vilash Shinde, the superintendent of the excise department, JB Patil, and the owner of the 'Shree Wines' liquor shop.While there was no technical problem in relocating the shop to the said area, the owner of the shop said that since the residents of the area were against the liquor shop, he would re-apply for some other location in the city. After the assurance from the owner of the liquor shop, the 21 women withdrew their agitation on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467204", "title": "Onir, Cyrus Dastur in Guwahati Intl Short Film fest", "text": "The jury for the 2nd Guwahati International Short Film Festival (GISFF) has been announced and it includes filmmaker Onir and theatre personality Cyrus Dastur.The festival will be held from May 4 to 6 here and is organised by Creovaent Productions with the theme \"anti-tobacco\".The jury will be headed by senior filmmaker Gautam Bora and besides Dastur and Onir, will have National Award winning director Sanjeev Hazarika and this year's National Award winning film critic Manoj Barpujari as members.Onir's acclaimed movie \" I AM\", a compendium of four short films that won the National Award for the Best Hindi Film as well as Best Lyrics recently, will have its northeast premiere at the festival.The preview jury will be headed by noted cinema and theatre personality Nayan Prasad and have film critic Chandan Sarmah, editor Kaju and film society activist Nesimul Mazid as members. The preview juries will shortlist the entries for final screening at the festival.The festival will organise a number of seminars, workshops and open discussions in April as a run-up towards the main event.The competitive sections of the festival will have Northeast Shorts Competition (open only for filmmakers from northeast) and National Mobile Phone Short Filmmaking Contest. The non-competitive sections will have World/Indian Premier , World Kaleidoscope, Indian Kaleidoscope and Student Kaleidoscope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463790", "title": "Meru Cabs union calls off 9-day stir", "text": "MUMBAI: The nine-day Meru Cabs strike was called off by the union on Thursday night. Nitesh Rane, president , Swabhiman Sangathana, said on Thursday, \"We had satisfactory discussions with the Meru management. They agreed to our demands. The cabs will ply from tonight.\"Earlier on Thursday, only 900 fleet cabs were plying in the suburbs; the entire fleet of 2,000 is likely to resume by Friday morning. The call centre began accepting bookings till late Thursday evening.Rane told TOI that he met senior Meru officials, the top management and investors at his residence. \"We sorted out our differences ,\" he said. \"The management will give weekly offs to drivers and accept some other demands. They will give it all in writing and will also convey it to drivers via smses.\"Rane has told Meru to reinstate dismissed drivers only if the police give them a clean chit. \"The drivers have police cases against them. They should not be taken back if found guilty. I agreed with the Meru bosses on this,\" he stated.Meru CEO Rajesh Puri said, \"All drivers whose services were terminated will not be taken back. However , for the days the drivers have stayed off the roads, we will consider waiving subscription fees.\"Sources said Meru officials wanted the stir to end as they were worried about losses.The top management was compelled to take stock of the situation on Thursday, with pressure from investors and also with new competition (Tab Cabs), the sources stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465794", "title": "\u2018Centre will continue to introduce welfare schemes\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Congress would always work for the development of the state and the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government at the Centre would continue to introduce welfare schemes in future also, said state Congress president, Rita Bahuguna Joshi on her arrival in the city on Thursday.Stating that the Congress would contest the municipal elections with full vigour and zeal, she said that the party has already deputed observers for the same. Moreover, election committees have also been constituted at the district and city level.Exuding confidence Joshi said that the party would once again win mayoral elections in the city while conducting a meeting of town area and block-level workers and office bearers.Later, she also went to the Chowk area and met the representatives of Jewellers Association and assured to raise the issue of enhanced service tax on non branded jewellery with the Central government.Earlier Joshi was accorded a rousing reception on her arrival in the city with party workers and leaders lining up to welcome her after her win from Lucknow assembly seat.Those present included Shekhar Bahuguna, Chaudhary Jitendra Nath Singh, Anil Dwivedi, Shyam Krishna Pandey, Vijay Bahadur Singh, Jawed Urfi, Kishore Varshney, Fuzail Hashmi and Manas Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461947", "title": "Stay on Rajoana part of procedure, no view on merits: Union home ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry on Thursday said it had received communication from Rashtrapati Bhawan with regard to a mercy petition regarding death row inmate Balwant Singh Rajoana convicted for the assassination of then Punjab CM Beant Singh in 1995, but had not expressed any opinion on its merits.Stating that the ministry was following procedure, it said \"As per guidelines/instructions in force, if a mercy petition is submitted on behalf of the sentenced prisoner, the execution of the sentence shall be postponed pending receipt of orders on the petition. Hence, the attention of the government of Punjab was drawn to the above guidelines/instructions.\"The President's Secretariat on Wednesday forwarded a memorandum which was submitted by the Shiromani Gurudwara Prabhandhak Committee ( SGPC) and the Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee for commutation of the death sentence of Balwant Singh Rajoana.The spokesperson said: \"However, it may not be construed that the ministry of home affairs (MHA) has expressed any opinion on the merits of the mercy petition. The mercy petition will be examined in accordance with law/instructions\".Sources in the home ministry said that the MHA would seek opinion of the law ministry over the issue and also ask Punjab government and Union Territory Chandigarh to forward their views. As per the procedures, all legal documents concerning Rajoana, who was convicted for killing former Punjab CM Beant Singh, would be examined before forwarding the file to the President for final view on the mercy petition, they added.\"The execution of the convicted person will be on hold till then,\" said an official, adding no timeframe can be given for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12461787", "title": "Now, MNS roots for Congress-NCP in Thane civic body", "text": "THANE: In a sudden turnaround, Raj Thackeray has extended support to the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance in the Thane Municipal Corporation, triggering a political crisis here.The MNS chief had earlier declared \"unconditional'' support to the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party-Republican Party of India combine.Thackeray's somersault came after NCP leader Jeetendra Awhad called on him at his Shivaji Park residence on Thursday. But it baffled his supporters and detractors, as he had slammed NCP big-wigs in the month-long campaign for the recent civic polls.Thackeray claimed his decision was in response to the Sena-BJP's \"unilateral'' decision to award a standing committee berth to the Bahujan Samaj Party , which he said was from Uttar Pradesh. He said he had telephoned Sena leader Eknath Shinde to discuss appointments to various TMC committees and was informed that the BSP, with two corporators, was promised a standing committee berth.He said despite MNS support to the Sena-BJP, party heads had not bothered to consult him while deciding appointments to committees. \"They took my support for granted. Why should I support them when they are willing to accommodate the BSP in the standing committee, which holds the purse strings of the corporation,'' he said.The MNS move will bolster NCP's attempt to unseat the Sena-BJP, which has been in power in the lake city for 19 years. With MNS support, the Democratic Front tally in the house rises to 65, while the saffron alliance commands a similar strength in the 130-seat house.Observers said it will be difficult for the Sena-BJP to pass its agenda in the general body and elections for chairmanship of committees may witness bitter fights and absenteeism.Thackeray had said on March 6 that support to the Sena-BJP-RPI was not linked to sharing of power and should not be misconstrued as a gesture to win Sena support in Nashik, where his party had a clear mandate. He said he supported the saffron alliance as it had the citizens' mandate and he was all for Thane's development. The standing committee will be constituted after names are finalized at the general body meeting in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462584", "title": "Bus overturns on highway, 3 killed", "text": "KOLKATA: Three persons were killed when a private bus in which they were travelling overturned at Bamunghata on Basanti highway off the Kolkata Leather Complex on Thursday morning. Nearly 20 passengers were injured; 12 among them are said to be in a critical condition.The incident happened at around 10am when the bus trying to overtake another along the cramped road, suddenly turned turtle after its axle rod snapped. The ill-fated bus (on route 213), headed to Esplanade from Ghatakpukur, was even dragged for close to a kilometer in an overturned position.The accident could have been more disastrous as it occurred at a time when the road remains busy primarily due to buses headed for the IT SEZ in Bantala.Since the bus overturned with its doors facing the ground, those near the doors were immediately killed while those near the windows on that side were injured the most. Passengers remained trapped inside, screaming for help. By the time they were brought out by locals, three of them had already died.Two of the dead victims were identified as Shakti Dolui, 45, and Mohammad Ismail, 40. Police are yet to identify the third deceased. The injured were taken to Calcutta National Medical College.The potholed 7-km stretch of the road between EM Bypass and CLC, they alleged, witnesses an accident-a-day and repeated pleas to police - and the district administration - have gone unheard. Basanti Highway, even locals admit, is unable to take the increased traffic.The incident could have been more disastrous for the accident took place at 10am, when the bus trying to overtake another along the cramped road, suddenly turned turtle after its axle rod snapped. At that time of the day, the road remains busy primarily due to the buses headed for the IT SEZ in Bantala, which houses software major CTS, among others.The ill-fated bus (on route 213) was headed to Esplanade from Ghatakpukur didn't ram into any other vehicle coming from the opposite direction, even after being dragged for close to a kilometer in an overturned position.The driver of the bus lost control immediately after the axle snapped. The bus overturned with its doors facing the ground. Those near the doors were killed immediately and those on that side of the windows were injured the most. Passengers remained trapped inside, screaming for help. By the time the passengers were brought out by locals, three of them had already died. While two of the dead victims were identified as Shakti Dolui, 45, and Mohammad Ismail, 40, police are yet to identify the third. The injured were taken to Calcutta National Medical College.The potholed 7-km stretch of the road between EM Bypass and CLC, they alleged, witnesses an accident-a-day and repeated pleas to police - and the district administration - have gone unheard. Basanti Highway, even locals admit, is unable to take the increased traffic.An assembly standing committee has suggested that the Basanti Highway (which anyway was supposed to be a double-lane highway) be immediately broadened for safe commuting. Another suggestion is: The alternative route to reach the IT SEZ in Bantala from Rajarhat New Town should immediately be built to reduce the traffic load on Basanti Highway. The state highway should also be lit up, it adds.So far, only Cognizant has invested Rs 300 crore in its spanking new facility there spread over 20 acres. With more investments expected from other IT companies, the traffic is going to increase manifold in the days to come. Patni Computex and Tech Mahindra are soon to follow. Technopolis 2 and Dhunseri, both IT Parks, are yet to be completed.Together, they are expected to draw thrice the number of IT sector employees who now go to CLC every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12468717", "title": "Industrial worker dies after inhaling toxic gas in Maharashtra", "text": "NASHIK: A worker died and six others fell seriously ill after inhaling poisonous gas that leaked from an industrial unit near here in North Maharashtra today, police said.The incident took place at a factory of Thyson Company in Gonde-MIDC area, they told PTI.The critically ill workers were rushed to Nashik Civil Hospital. Top police officials have reached the spot, they added.Further details were awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12462801", "title": "T Damodaran cremated with state honours", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The last rites of renowned scriptwriter T Damodaran, who passed away on Wednesday following a heart attack, were held at the Mavoor Road crematorium on Thursday with full state honours.Hundreds of people from all walks of life streamed into the Town Hall from early morning to pay their last respects to the multi-faceted genius.The mortal remains of Damodaran were brought to the Town Hall from his house at 8am and kept there till 11am.Leading figures from the state's film, literature and political realms and Damodaran's three daughters, Deedi, Simna and Reshmi were present as the cortege proceeded to the crematorium at Mavoor Road. The mortal remains were consigned to flames at 11.40am.Minister M K Muneer, former ministers V M Sudheeran and Elamaram Kareem, M K Raghavan MP, MLAs A Pradeep Kumar, Purushan Kadalundi, personalities from the film world, Hariharan, Sathyan Anthikkad, Siddique, Jayaraj, V M Vinu, Ali Akbar, S N Swami, Renji Panikkar, T A Razak, P V Gangadharan and Liberty Basheer were among the people who paid their final respects.A condolence meeting was held at Town Hall after the cremation. Minister K C Joseph and KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala visited the house of Damodaran to offer their condolences to the family. Actors Mammooty and Sreenivasan had visited Damodaran's house to offer their condolences on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462763", "title": "NASA retired astronaut shares his space experience", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India has a 'pretty aggressive' space programme and it should keep it up - said former astronaut of National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Jon Mcbride. The retired astronaut who piloted space shuttle 'Discovery' was speaking at the Science City in Ahmedabad on Thursday.Even as he appreciated India's growing space mission, Mcbride expressed his disappointment over the lack of attention from the US government towards space missions and that NASA is facing lack of fund.\"Investment into the space mission is worth as much as investing trillions of money into the social sector. This is because the new technologies that are developed during the space mission become of great service for mankind in various ways. Various space missions in the past several years have led to the invention of around forty thousand technologies that are being used in the everyday life by common people and other areas like medicine,\" said Mcbride.Sharing interesting experiences with students who were present at Science City, Mcbride said that the space shuttle, Discovery, flew at a speed of around 25,000 kilometers per hour and circled the earth 16 times in 24 hours. \"At the take off, by the time the tail of the shuttle crossed the top of the tower at the launch pad, we were already travelling at a speed of 100 miles per hour. We experienced 16 sunrises and 16 sunsets in 24 hours with watch sunrise and sunset lasting only a few seconds due to the speed we were travelling,\" said Mcbride.Because of the absence of gravity at the space, Mcbride said that he became taller by 2 inches. \"Our faces became puffier as the fluid in our body which was concentrated at the feet moved towards the face because of the absence of gravity. The body started to sense excess of fluid and we had to frequent to the bathroom and did not feel thirsty,\" he said.The astronaut also said that when they landed back on earth they felt like they were a thousand kilograms heavy and could not balance themselves to walk straight. \"Since we didn't want to fall down and look funny in front of the television crew who were waiting for us, we practiced walking inside the shuttle before we opened the door and met them,\" said Mcbride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12462432", "title": "Cellphone photo helps cops rescue abducted kid", "text": "HOWRAH: The habit of young people to put their mobile phone cameras to good use and timely action by the Howrah Police led to the rescue of an abducted toddler from the Pilkhana area of Howrah. The police suspect that the abductors may be part of a child trafficking and begging racket.Around 7.30am on Thursday, three-year-old nursery student Shivam Shaw's mother Rina dropped him off to his school at Gobinda Banerjee Lane. When Rina returned around 10.30am to take her son home, school authorities said the child had been absent for the day. But a search of the classroom led to the recovery of Shivam's bag and water bottle. It was then realised that the boy had been abducted before classes began.Rina and her husband Ram - residents of Shambhu Halder Lane in Malipanchghara - informed the police. So did school authorities and a search was launched. As word of the missing child got around, two teenagers - Khushbu and Sapna - got in touch with the parents and showed them photographs of a child that they had clicked on their cellphones. The parents identified Shivam and the police questioned the teenagers. They said they had seen a woman taking away the sobbing child and clicked a photograph.The description given by the girls matched with that of Mamata Gupta, a resident of the Srimani Bagan area. School authorities confirmed that Mamata's daughter was also a Nursery student of the school in which Shivam studied. Police immediately raided the flat in which Mamata lived with her daughter and husband Ritesh. The flat was deserted though there was evidence to suggest that the child had been brought there. Police suspect that Shivam may have been shifted elsewhere after he started screaming.\"We managed to arrest the woman's husband and based on his statements, we nabbed Mamata. It was only in the evening that the couple led us to a house in the Pilkhana area where Shivam was being held. Mustari Begum, the woman who owned the flat, was also arrested,\" an officer said. According to Howrah DC(DD) Akhilesh Chaturvedi, all the three accused are being interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463154", "title": "Loot of Rs 9 lakh near DIG residence", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a sensational incident, two motrocycle-borne miscreants robbed a woman of cash and jewellery worth more than Rs 9 lakh near the DIG residence in the city on Thursday night.The victim was identified as Ruchikar Singh, a native of Allahabad. On Thursday evening, she, along with her sister-in-law, visited a mall in Hazratganj. They were returning to her brother's place in Cantonement on a rickshaw when two motorcycle-borne miscreants came from behind and snatched Ruchikar's purse.The police rushed to the spot and started the investigation. Ruchikar claimed her purse had Rs 1.2 lakh cash and jewellery worth over Rs eight lakh. She was yet to give a written complaint, said inspector, Hazratganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12468067", "title": "CBI registers case in Tatra-BEML truck supply deal with Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday registered a case in connection with the supply of all-terrain Tatra trucks through state-owned BEML to the Army and called for questioning Vectra group chairman Ravi Rishi who is a majority stakeholder in Tatra.CBI sources said British national Rishi, who is in the national capital for the Defence Expo, has been called for questioning in connection with alleged irregularities in the deal.CBI director A P Singh had examined a report forwarded by one of the joint directors of the agency who had opined that a case could be made out and a thorough investigation was required, the sources said.The deal came under scanner after Army chief General V K Singh had alleged that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe to clear a file related to purchase of trucks.The Defence Ministry has sent a reference to the CBI seeking a probe in the allegations. However, the agency is waiting for a complaint from Gen Singh before initiating a probe into his allegations.The sources said based on the reference, two separate cases could be registered by the agency -- one related to the deal and another to the alleged bribery offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462288", "title": "Chief minister condemned for casino 'volte-face'", "text": "PANAJI: Aam Admi Aurat Against Gambling (AAAAG) at a meeting held in the city on Thursday condemned the decision of chief minister Manohar Parrikar to reduce the casino entry fee from 2,000 to 500 in Budget 2012.AAAAG stated that Parikar had gone back on the assurance given by him last year of pushing casinos out when a delegation of AAAAG comprising Rui Fereira, Annand Madgaonkar and Sabina Martins had called on him to take up the issue. The delegation said they had also met MP Sripad Naik who had clearly stated that the BJP was not for casinos.AAAAG observed that people had hoped that the CM would push the casinos out to honour the commitment made by him when he was in the opposition.Parrikar had led a demonstration stating that no more casinos will be allowed. \"It is shocking that the chief minister now says that casinos in five-star hotels recognized by the central government will be permitted. It is becoming increasingly clear that Parrikar did not want the casinos then so that he could permit them once elected,\" said AAAAG members.AAAAG has information that several five-star hotels have lined up to set base in Goa with casinos. In fact, this panchayat elections, many panchas will be funded in these villages so as to have a smooth sailing in getting NOCs for hotels and casinos.Panaji's streets are choked with vehicles in no-parking zones in the night, footpaths have been taken over and public jetties have been privatized. Goa had a robust tourism trade without casinos. Goa is not dependent on casinos. In fact, it is the casinos who are sponging on the tourism of Goa and the people of Goa are paying the price, the AAAAG members said.AAAAG demands that the government stops giving licenses to any casinos-land-based or offshore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467101", "title": "Aamir, Hirani and Vidhu Vinod to team up again", "text": "After setting the box office on fire with their 2009 blockbuster '3 Idiots', Rajkumar Hirani, Aamir Khan and Vidhu Vinod Chopra will team up once again.'3 Idiots', a comedy-drama, was directed by Hirani and produced by Chopra.The film starring Aamir, Kareena Kapoor, R Madhavan , Sharman Joshi, Omi Vaidya and Boman Irani was loosely adapted from the novel 'Five Point Someone' written by Chetan Bhagat.Reportedly, Aamir has signed Hirani's tentatively titled film 'PK', which is to be produced by Chopra.\"We have finished writing 'PK',\" Hirani told reporters.Asked if the trio would team up again, Hirani said, \"Yes, it would be a return.\"Earlier, Aamir on his birthday had said, \"I would love to do Raju's (Hirani) film. But I want him to make the announcement. The script is very good. Raju is a very good director and a very good human being. We have spoken about a film, but it is better if he announces it.\"This year, Aamir will be seen in 'Talaash', a psychological thriller directed by Reema Kagti which also features Kareena Kapoor and Rani Mukerji. It is slated for release either in November-end or early December.Then he has Yash Raj Films 'Dhoom 3', which is schedule to release in 2013. The shooting of 'Dhoom 3' starts in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12463219", "title": "Academicians criticize lowering of pass marks for Classes 9 &amp; 11", "text": "AJMER: The state education department, in a recent move, has amended the rules and made it easier for children to clear Class 9 and 11 exams. Under the new rulebook, a student has to score 20% marks in the final exam to make it to the next class. The overall percentage, including half-yearly and sessional scores, should be 36 or above. Earlier, a student needed 33% marks in the final exams to be promoted to the next class.The director of secondary education has issued orders to this effect to every district officer for implementation of these rules from the current academic session, \"Now, there will be no more mark-sheets in these classes. The schools have to give the progress report directly to parents. There will be three assessments, half yearly and final exams,\" said officials. Also, the students will have a choice to appear for two assessments.Academicians have criticized the new rules as these would make sitting for an exam look like a non-serious affair that doesn't require much effort.\"It's important for students to face competition and understand the value of each and every mark. While relaxing the passing marks can make school exams easy, but children still have to sit for other competitive entrance exams that have high difficulty levels. This is going to put more pressure on children,\" said retired education officer and educationist Nirmala Sharma.The department has also made 75% attendance compulsory for students in Classes IX and XI to be eligible to sit for final exams. Private students, though, have been exempted.In case a student has failed to get minimum attendance on health grounds, he will have to submit a proper treatment report. On it, he will be grated 15% relaxation in attendance.The punishment on cheating too is strict under the new norms. The answersheet of the student will be seized if found cheating. The school will form a committee to look into the incident and give its verdict within three days.\"The main argument behind these amendments is to change the prevailing evaluation pattern in schools,\" Bhag Chand Mandawaliya, quality education officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12466756", "title": "Vehicle lifters' gang busted", "text": "Hazaribag: Police have busted a gang of vehicle lifters and recovered seven stolen motorcycles on Wednesday night, following a raid conducted in various parts of the town, said DSP Satyendra Singh at a press conference on Thursday.Singh said that acting on the orders of SP Pankaj Kamboj, an intensive drive to nab vehicle lifters in the area was launched, ahead of the Ramnavami festival.During the operation, police stopped two persons travelling on a bike and sought their license. On failing to produce papers, police took the duo into custody and started interrogating them. They confessed to have stolen the bike. Not just that, they also disclosed information about a gang operating in the district. On the basis of the tip-off, the police conducted several raids in the Lohshinghna, Shivpuri and adjacent areas of the town and recovered seven stolen motorcycles. Four criminals were arrested, following the recovery of the vehicles. Based on the statements of the four accused, police further conducted raids in Jamshedpur, Ranchi and KhuntiIn another incident, the Giddi police destroyed 250 opium plants in an onion field, Singh said. Opium plants were cultivated instead of onion in the field. Police have arrested a person in this connection, however, the main accused is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466175", "title": "Minority students may not make it to IIT-Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has expressed concern that many students from the minority community would be deprived of admission in IIT-Guwahati as the state government is delaying issuance of minority certificates.AIUDF legislator Sirajuddin Ajmal told a press conference here on Thursday that minority certificate is a prerequisite for getting admission in IITs under 4.5 per cent reservation for all minority communities. \"We are very much concerned over the delay which would deprive many minority students from getting admission in IIT-Guwahati this year. Already, minority students from other states are trying to get admission at the institute. So, we request the state government to expedite the process of issuing certificates,\" hesaid.The IIT-JEE admission committee has decided to introduce 4.5 per cent reservation within the 27 per cent Other Backward Classes (OBCs) reserved seats for students from the minority community from this year.AIUDF has also asked both the Centre and state government to file a fresh affidavit against a PIL that has challenged the Assam Accord's cut-off date of foreigners in the state.\"A 13-member AIUDF delegation met President Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and raised the issue of foreigners' problem in Assam, including that of doubtful voters. We have also asked the government to file a fresh affidavit because the PIL which challenges the cut off date of March 25, 1971, is very damaging. It will put many genuine citizens in danger as they will be harassed as Bangladeshis,\" said Ajmal.He added that the government has assured AIUDF of filing an affidavit before the next hearing on May 5. \"We want a permanent solution to the foreigners' problem in the state,\" he said. The AIUDF also demanded that the state government should take all political parties into confidence for preparing the national register for citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463199", "title": "Bag goes missing from Metro station scanner, cops callous", "text": "GURGAON: Don't expect any help from the security staff at HUDA City Centre Metro station in case you lose your valuables on its premises. A city resident, Purba Ray, learnt it the hard way when she lost her bag while it passed through the X-ray machine at the entrance during a security check on Wednesday afternoon.Surprisingly, the CISF securitymen on duty allegedly even denied that she came with any bag. Eventually, Ray was able to register a complaint (daily diary report) with the Metro police at IFFCO after a lot of effort.The incident took place on Wednesday around 12.30pm when she put her bag on the X-ray conveyer belt and entered the security check. When she could not find her bag after she went to take it on the other side of the machine, she raised an alarm. The bag contained a few thousand rupees, credit and debit cards, driving licence and her house keys, among other items.The behaviour of the security staff was shocking, she alleged. \"Instead of helping me out, they started claiming that I did not come with any bag in the first place. Even tracing the person who vanished with my bag through CCTV footage was futile as the Metro official said the tape was with the Chattarpur station and I would have to wait till the evening,\" she said.\"Instead, I was asked to file an FIR with the police, said Ray, adding that the video had not come till Thursday afternoon when she last checked with the Metro official,\" she said.Even getting a complaint registered with the Metro police was not easy.\"Firstly, the cop started interrogating me and questioned my intention. I was not allowed to write the word 'stolen' in my complaint; I had to write 'missing' instead. I was constantly told that someone in a fit of forgetfulness must have walked away with my purse. That I am hallucinating and unnecessarily creating a ruckus,\" said Ray.When contacted, K K Yadav, HUDA Metro station control officer, said, \"In such cases, we try to identify the person through CCTV grabs and circulate the details with the CISF, Delhi and Gurgaon police for subsequent action.\"CISF offcial Dinesh Kumar, who was the shift in-charge on Thursday evening, said, \"A notice has been put up at the X-ray machine stating that passengers are themselves responsible for their belongings. However, I was on duty when the incident happened.\"Fortunately, Ray will hopefully get her belongings back as the person whose father took the bag by mistake called on Thursday and said he would return the bag in the first week of April when he gets back to Gurgaon from Bangalore. I am keeping my fingers crossed,\" Ray said.A visit to the Metro station revealed that even though security staffers were present at the receiving end of the machine, it was difficult to keep a track on passengers taking their belongings back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462926", "title": "Hit by election phobia, saffron brigade leaders prefer consensus", "text": "LUCKNOW: Justifying its tag line of 'party with a difference' may prove to be a tough task for leaders of Bharatiya Janata Party , at least in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh. The party, which boasts of integral humanism as its basic philosophy, has not conducted organisational elections 'in a fair manner' in the UP unit since 2000.As a result, nominating state chief and other office bearers including secretaries and invitees by the state party president became the order of the day. And if senior party leaders are to be believed, then this practice gradually alienated the party workers and cadre from the 'selfish' party leadership to a great extent. \"The last organisational elections in the state were held in 2000, when Kalraj Mishra was heading the party in Uttar Pradesh. After Mishra, the next four state chiefs (Vinay Katiyar, Kesari Nath Tripathi, Ramapati Ram Tripathi and Surya Pratap Shahi) were nominated by the party's central leadership. This took a toll on the party's cadre-based organisational structure, and by 2009, the structure, which we were proud of was almost dismantled,\" said a senior leader, who looks after the party's organisation wing.The fallout of this, party leaders feel was directly on the party's performance in the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, where both the number of seats and party vote share in the seats in contested both declined rapidly. Sample this: In 1996, BJP won 174 seats out of 414 seats it contested in UP and in the process, the party bagged 33.31% votes in the seats it contested.However, in 2002, the party was able to win only 88 seats from 320 seats it contested and secured 25.31% votes. The party's downslide continued in 2007 and 2012, as it managed to get 51 and 47 respectively with a vote share of 19.62% and 15.00%.\"The idea of consensus also took its toll on the party and the cadre, as healthy intra-party competition fizzled out paving way for nominated officials. As a result, an honest party worker instead of working with full dedication for the party started making rounds of senior party leaders and the search for godfathers began in the party,\" said an office bearer. As a result, the party workers became unenthusiastic, confused and sad.Another drawback of the person elected by consensus is that he/she could not take any independent decision, as he is under pressure from different factions. \"This virtually makes the elected person directionless and unfocussed,\" adds a party worker.Contrary to UP, the party units in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan have been holding organisational polls at regular intervals. Though, the tally of the party has declined in MP (from 174 to 142) and (from 120 to 79) in Rajasthan, yet the state leadership never thought of shunning the electoral process.President of BJP's Rajasthan unit, Dr Arun Chaturvedi, said, \"I was made the state party chief in August 2009. In June 2010, organisational polls were held, and I was elected by my partymen. The idea of giving the electoral process a miss never occurred to me.\" Same view was echoed by Brijesh Loonawat, chief spokesman of MP BJP. He says, \"Both, Prabhat Jha and his predecessor Narendra Singh Tomar were elected to the head the party in the state. Tomar was elected on November 22, 2006, while Prabhat Jha (the incumbent MP BJP chief) was elected on May 8, 2010.\"A party official related to party's election cell lamented the absence of democratic process within the party.\"Earlier, during organisational elections, candidates used to visit the houses party workers, requesting them for their votes. The practice helped in strengthening the organisation. However, real democracy does not exist in the party,\" he said.Senior, party leader Hriday Narayan Dikshit, however emphasises on building consensus, rather than going for polls. He says, \"Election to various cells and units at the ground level were held. However, at district level and beyond it, party leaders were of the view to go for a consensus candidate after mutual deliberations. The practice has been going on, and most of the leaders have accepted it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463401", "title": "2-year-old dies of suspected water contamination in city", "text": "BANGALORE: A two-year-old boy died of suspected water contamination in Venkataswamy Garden, JJ Nagar, off Mysore Road, on Thursday. In the shocking aftermath, the child was buried without a police complaint being lodged or autopsy conducted to confirm the reason of the death.Chandan Narasimha had been suffering from a tummy bug since Tuesday night. On Wednesday morning, he drank tap water and began vomiting. His father Narasimha, a scavenger with BBMP, and mother Yashodha found their son throwing up incessantly. They took him to a private hospital, near Royan Circle, in the afternoon where he died around 2am on Thursday. Narasimha told TOI that doctors said it was a case of water contamination.But BWSSB chief engineer T Venkatraju said: \"BWSSB will not take the blame for Chandan's death. If our lines were contaminated, then there should have been many more complaints from that area.\"The death of a two-year-old boy figured in the BBMP Council meeting on Thursday with area corporator CS Radhakrishna (JD-S) raising the issue. Members said water contamination was spreading and Radhakrishna left the council saying he had to visit the boy's family. And there ended the matter.The last rites of the boy, Chandan Narasimha, were performed at 1pm in the Hale Guddadahalli burial ground.When TOI visited the hospital near Royan Circle where he died hours earlier, staff there denied having treated any boy named Chandan on Wednesday.Asked why he did not file a police complaint, a grief-stricken Narasimha, father of Chandan, said it was all his fate. JJ Nagar police said they could do little in the absence of a complaint. The boy's father was not in a state to confirm whether the hospital issued him any death certificate.\"We shifted to this area in 2001. Since then, we've been drinking the water from the BWSSB taps which are more than 40 years old,\" said boy's parents Narasimha and Yashoda, who have four daughters. Chandan was their youngest and only son.A visit to the Venkataswamy Garden revealed a picture of neglect: sanitary and water pipes run next to one another and even crisscross at several places. Water pipes submerged in sewage, too, are a common sight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12463585", "title": "Stay makes Rajoana neither unhappy, nor sad", "text": "PATIALA: Punjab government may have heaved a sigh of relief following the stay on hanging Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) terrorist Balwant Singh Rajoana - convicted for the murder of former CM Punjab Beant Singh - but Rajoana said on Thursday that he was neither happy, nor sad and his mission ''to awaken Khalsa Panth (way of the pure) would continue''.''I have dedicated my life to the Panth and have no regrets. So the stay doesn't make any difference to me,'' said Rajoana in his letter released on Thursday by his foster sister Kamaldeep Kaur.Not giving any credit to Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and other leaders, Rajoana termed the stay as a victory of Khalsa panth.''It's a victory of the Panth, of all youngsters, my mothers and other persons who wore saffron to show their anger against Delhi,'' said Rajoana.Meanwhile, Kamaldeep along with other relatives met Rajoana for more than 45 minutes and came out of the jail at around 1.15 pm.Rajoana also returned the clothes given to him by Akal Takht jathedar Gurbachan Singh, to be worn, if he was hanged.''My brother has handed over these clothes and said that I should keep these with me. My brother did not want any mercy. We are happy that the Panth has won the battle and we respect their feelings,'' said Kamaldeep after coming out from jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462717", "title": "SmartCity waits for SEZ Board clearance", "text": "KOCHI: The concept master plan of the SmartCity project was approved by the directors' board the other day in Thiruvananthapuram. The project is now awaiting clearance from the Special Economic Zone Board of Approval for starting construction of buildings.The SEZ Board of Approval is expected to consider the project in the near future. Construction work will begin only after incorporating changes, if any, suggested by the board.\"We expect to begin construction by next month. But we need to get SEZ Board of Approval clearance before that,\" said Baju George, managing director, SmartCity.Tecom, the promoters, entrusted a British firm with the preparation of the master plan in 2008. But the plan was dropped as differences of opinion arose between promoters and the state government. After sorting out the issues, the government and Tecom entered into a lease agreement for the 246 acres handed over for the project in 2010. When the new government came to power, it appointed a new firm for preparing the master plan.The construction of 6,000 sq ft office-cum-sales pavilion is being readied. According to the schedule, the work of the building, inaugurated on October 8, 2011, should have been completed by January 14, 2012. But the work is yet to be completed. Tecom authorities said the work on the office-cum-pavilion would be completed by next month.The concept master plan was prepared after taking into consideration the lifestyle of IT professionals, including housing, shopping and health care facilities.The project, sprawling over 246 acres at Edachira, Kakkanad is expected to generate 90,000 direct jobs. The first phase, expected to be completed by 2013 end, will provide 3,000 direct jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461839", "title": "Committee for opening of Kallara B of Kerala temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court appointed expert committee, nearing completion of stock taking of valuables in vaults A and C of Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Kerala, on Thursday suggested opening of the still-locked Vault B speculated to contain the maximum wealth.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A K Patnaik, however, said it would take a decision only after receiving responses from all parties to the expert committee report including PIL petitioner T P Sunder Rajan and the Martanda Varma royal family as well as the temple trust. It posted further hearing on April 18.The committee led by M V Nair said it had almost completed inventory of the valuables and wealth contained in vaults A and C but for the purpose of constructing a new secure vault for safe keeping of temple jewellery and other items it needed to open vault B and take stock of the items stored in it.The royal family had opposed opening of vault B on the ground that a devaprasnam (ritual conducted to seek the will of God) had not favoured such an action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463355", "title": "Gujjars condemn CM for cutting Devnarayan Yojana funds", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti has criticised chief minister Ashok Gehlot for cutting down the Devnarayan Yojana fund in the state budget 2012-13. The yojana is meant for social and educational development of the special backward classes (SBC), including the Gujjar.\"The chief minister has cut the yojana budget from Rs 200 crore to Rs 136 crore. The SBC leaders had given Gehlot a memorandum and were expecting him to increase the yojana budget to Rs 500 crore,\" Sangharsh Samiti spokesperson Himmat Singh Gujjar said.As per the Sangharsh Samiti, after the last Gujjar agitation for quota, the Gehlot government had agreed to spend Rs 172 crore on improving education facilities for the SBC. \"The government was to open six residential schools, 41 hostels and two colleges and that is why the yojana fund was initially kept at Rs 200 crore,\" the spokesperson said. He added that the government had agreed to provide the SBC educational facilities at a par with the Scheduled Caste (SC) and the Scheduled Tribe (ST) communities. \"The Gehlot government has already been fooling the SBC on the 5% quota in jobs and educational institutions for three years now. By cutting down the yojana fund, it seems the government in now getting revengeful,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463115", "title": "I-T collection goes beyond Rs 4,600 crore in Lucknow region", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow has gone richer. The tax collection from the region has crossed the Rs 4,600 crore mark, more than the initial revenue target set by the income tax (I-T) department for the region. Sources in the department say 'salary hike' of the assessees is one of the reasons behind growth.The tax collection from Lucknow region (UP east) rose by 26% in 2011-12, as compared to the last fiscal. Till Thursday, some Rs 4,601 crore was mopped up as tax, up from the initial collection target of Rs 4,575 core, and slightly less than the revised target of Rs 5,033 crore.\"Till March 31, we will comfortably cross it. The final compilation will take the rise even high\", said sources. The increase in tax collections is because of high percentage increase in tax deducted at source (TDS). The TDS applies on various payments like salary, interest other than that on security, insurance commission, commission/brokerage, rent, payment for professional or technical services and payment under a contract of work.Tax is collected under four heads -- TDS, advance tax, self-assessment and regular self-assessment. TDS has the widest ambit. \"It's very difficult to say which one factor caused the rise, as it's a combination of lot of factors. Increase in salary is one,\" said sources. In 2010-11, UP east (I-T commissionerates at Allahabad, Bareilly and Lucknow) mopped up Rs 3,779 crore against the target of Rs 3,856 crore, which was 20% more than the previous fiscal, 2009-10.The tax collection in the last few fiscals has registered a rise from UP east. The collection in 2009-10 had seen a growth of 35%, and I-T officials had related it to the massive construction activity taken up in the state. Apart from the construction projects, some increase in tax collection was due to the payment of arrears under the Sixth Pay Commission. This time, apart from these factors, increase in personal income has increased the TDS collection in the state.I-T department has been slowly widening the application of TDS mechanism for mopping up taxes as it is one of the most effective means of tax collection.It serves two purposes - increases tax compliance and collection of tax while the income is earned. \"Apart from TDS, some portion of the increase can be attributed to increase in self-assessment and advance tax,\" sources said.In self-assessment, assessees have to make a self-assessment at the end of the financial year and pay the tax on the basis of returns furnished. While advance tax is paid by those who are not covered under TDS like self-employed assessees, this tax is paid in advance if tax liability is more than Rs 10,000 annually.On the point if the I-T department acts strict with assessees to control tax evasion, sources added that such measures have been taken up all over the country. UP east cannot be singled out. Lot of this increase is also incremental and has to be seen in the perspective of the last year's increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12462993", "title": "Finally, a bright idea: Automated streetlights", "text": "GURGAON: Following numerous complaints regarding dysfunctional streetlights in the city, the electrical wing of HUDA has come up with the plan of making the streetlights automated. It will also address complaints regarding streetlights remaining switched on even during the day in some residential colonies.In the past, the electrical wing has tried to tighten the noose on the contractors and came up with the plan of installing auto-timer device on the streetlights reducing the manual work of turning them on/off every day. The timer would have a scheduled time of being turned on and off. The department has allotted tenders for installation of auto-timer machines at more than 12 major roads.In its sectors, HUDA pays the contractor Rs 36 per pole per month who has the responsibility of periodic checking, timely switching on/off of the lights and replacement in the event of fault but it didn't work out because of the huge workload.The department plans to install the timers at the streetlights in the HUDA sectors as well as the major roads within the periphery of HUDA but in the first phase, the process will start with a few sectors. The tenders for installation of timers have been allotted in Sectors 26A-42, 26-26A, 56, 54-55, internal roads of Sector 14 shopping complex, 27-28, 27-43, 43-53, 44-45, 45-46, 40-45, 41-44, 22, 22-23A, 21-22, Bijwasan roads, 17-18 dividing road, Sheetla Mata Mandir road, Sector 12 dividing road, Palam Vihar road, Sector 29 city centre, Sector 56 shopping centre, Sector 56 shopping centre, Iffco Chowk, Sikanderpur and MG Road.According to Arun Dhankhar, XEN (Electrical Wing), \"These timers will reduce the workload of the contractors and will make it easier for the department to track the faulty lights. We have decided that the lights would be operating for fixed hours - 7pm to 5am in summers and 6pm to 5.30am in winters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12463645", "title": "Five killed in separate mishaps in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five persons were killed in various accidents in Coimbatore and in its suburbs in the last two days.Police said G Muthukumar (26), his younger brother G Mahendran (24), and his relative M Gokilamani (29), all hailing from Periyanaikenpalayam, were returning home from Coimbatore by a motorcycle late Wednesday night. When the bike reached near Thudiyalur police station, a private bus on its way to Coimbatore dashed against the bike and ran over Muthukumar and Gokilamani. Both died on the spot. Mahendran escaped with severe injuries and has been admitted in Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).According to police, the brothers were engaged with construction work and had gone to Coimbatore to purchase puja items for a temple in Karamadai. The private bus driver is absconding. The Thudiyalur police have registered a case.In yet another accident, a 25-year-old youth from Odisha, died on the spot on Wednesday, when a government bus ran over him at Podanur. Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) police said S Sebastin Pradeesh (25) of Kalapatti and his friend R Susanthra Patra of Narendrapur in Odisha, both construction workers, were returning to Coimbatore from Podanur by a bike. The bike lost control and the duo fell off. A bus ran over on Susanthra Parta who died on the spot and Sebastin sustained minor injuries and has been admitted in CMCH.On Thursday, a 65-year-old woman died on the spot near Vysial Street in the city on Thursday when an omni van hit her. Police said the woman sustained severe injuries on head. Her identity is yet to be ascertained. The woman's body was taken to CMCH for an autopsy.In another accident, 21-year-old youth was killed on the spot when a lorry hit him at Thudiyalur on Thursday. Police said KK Sahul Hameed of New Meenakshi Nagar in Madurai was returning to Sundarapuram from Thudiyalur on a motorcycle. His bike lost control and dashed against a lorry which was going in front of him. He sustained head injuries and died on the spot. The Thudiyalur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462710", "title": "Cops thrashed by mob on fake alarm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two policemen were mistaken for imposters and thrashed by a mob on Thursday morning. The incident took place when the cops went to verify a complaint submitted at the Navrangpura police station. Two persons have been arrested in this regard.The cops - Mayur Gadhvi and Babu Shakra - had gone to Usmanpura to verify a complaint which showed Pranav Jain and Mehul Jain as accused. \"When the policemen asked them to accompany them to police station, the duo started shouting for help, claiming that these two were fake cops who were trying to kidnap them. Constable Mayur was in plain clothes while Babu was in uniform. A mob soon gathered there and started thrashing them,\" police said.Later, police from Navrangpura and Naranpura rushed to the spot and rescued the two policemen and arrested Pravin Jain and Vishal Bhojak for assaulting the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463766", "title": "Public cry foul over dump yard", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents, environmentalists and social activists on Thursday demanded an immediate relocation of the Jawaharnagar dump yard and insisted that the Integrated Solid Waste Management (ISWM) project, handed over to Hyderabad Integrated MSW Ltd (earlier Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd) be dropped at the earliest.Participating in the public hearing on the project that was held at the site, the 500-odd citizens unanimously stressed the need for a new dumping site pointing out how the Jawaharnagar dump yard had led to widespread health and pollution concerns for local residents. The hearing was conducted by the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board ( APPCB).\"Apart from contaminating ground water, the consistent dumping has polluted the six lakes around the area. Health issues are on the rise as those executing the project are not treating the garbage,\" rued Maj Shiva Kiran, president of Sukuki Exnora that has been working in the field of solid waste management for several years now. In his representation to the state authorities on Thursday, Kiran questioned the rationale behind spending so much money on a project that did little good for the locals. The estimated cost of the ISWM project, assigned to the private company in 2006, is a whopping Rs 508 crore.Among other groups that participated in the public hearing were members of Environment Protection Society, Telangana Rashtra Ex-servicemen and Farmers Association and Save Our Urban Lakes who were joined by residents of nearby colonies such as Balaji Nagar and Shanti Nagar. Local representatives of all major political parties too were present at the hearing.\"Ramky has ruined the area with their use of chemicals to treat the garbage in the most unscientific method. The water here now is neither fit for drinking nor for cultivation. The stench from the burying of carcasses has made this belt a living hell,\" said D Ravinder, president, Environment Protection Society, pointing out how a public hearing for such projects should, as per the rule book, be held before the work is commenced.Echoing the sentiments of most of the people present at the hearing, Ravinder said that relocation of the dump yard was the only solution to this crisis. As per rough calculations, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) dumps as much as 4,000 metric tons of garbage every day at the 750-acre site.The widespread resentment to the ISWM project, however, did not seem to impact the government authorities present at the dumping yard. When asked, both GHMC and Ramky officials maintained that the project was `environment friendly' and would eventually benefit the locals.\"The project is almost complete and it is impossible to drop Ramky from it now. The project, in fact, has helped in addressing the air and water pollution concerns of people,\" said L Vandhan Kumar, GHMC additional commissioner (health &amp; sanitation), ruling out the possibility of relocating the dump yard. If that's not enough, Kumar even downplayed the importance of the public hearing and said that it was merely held because the corporation had received a few complaints from the locals. \"This is not a court order that we need to comply with,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "sariska", "code": "12463198", "title": "Sariska tourism hit as farmers intensify protest", "text": "SARISKA: The Sariska Tiger reserve remained closed for the second day on Thursday following protests by local farmers residing in the periphery of the reserve. Even resorts around the reserve were closed to further bookings from foreign tourists. Many tourists who were disallowed entry by the protestors remained stuck in their respective hotels throughout the day.Hundreds of the farmers who were protesting against the relocation of their villages started a sit-in in front of the entrance of the gate. On Wednesday, hundreds of villagers had gathered for a mahapanchayat against the government order of not letting the farmers sell off their lands because of the ban on selling and purchasing of property nearby the reserve.Accelerating the momentum, the farmers also blocked entries of foreign tourists at hotels in and around the reserve.\"Until our demands are met, we are not going to let anyone to enter inside the reserve. We won't allow arrival of the tourists. We have been living here for generations and the state government is keen to kick us out from here which won't be tolerated,\" said Bhupat Balayan, a local farmer leader, while talking to TOI on Thursday.In order to prevent foreign tourists from checking into leading hotels, including Tiger Den and Sariska Palace, the villagers put woods, grass and even stones in front of the entrance gates of the hotels.\"Following the protests of the farmers, we did not had a single check-in of tourists. Those who came here on Wednesday are also checking out. It is incurring a heavy loss and we are hoping to see some improvement,\" said Sanjay Mathur, manager of Tiger Den.The local hotel industry is apprehensive and expecting more cancellations of their bookings following the the farmers' protest.However, R S Shekhawat, field director of Sariska Tiger Reserve, claimed that tourists and visitors were allowed inside the reserve through other gates and means.Since 2008, the farmers in the periphery of the reserve have been showing their anger against the state government and wildlife authorities' decision to relocate them. Wildlife authorities had been claiming that the villagers are allegedly into poaching and poisoning tigers for their survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462965", "title": "DUTA protest at Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Large number of teachers and students under the aegis of Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) staged a dharna at Jantar Mantar on Thursday. The teachers protested against the new education policies of the UPA government that is largely perceived to encourage commercialization and private interests in the field of higher education.The dharna also had participation of parliamentarians and leaders of teachers' movement like PK Biju, an MP and member of the standing committee on higher education in the Parliament, and BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar. The teachers were protesting against the six Bills that HRD ministry is proposing to get passed in the Parliament. DUTA leaders also expressed concern abut the irrational fee-hike inuniversities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466614", "title": "Karan Tacker to perform with Nargis Fakhri", "text": "Karan Tacker, currently seen in Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, has become one of the most sought after actors of television.And he is in demand not only for his acting skills but now people seem to have discovered another talent in him - dancing. As a result, every organiser and producer wants Karan to shake a leg at their events and shows. And after shooting for a dance performance in Zee TV's Punar Vivaah, Tacker will set the stage afire with Rockstar girl, Nargis Fakhri at Femina Miss India.The actor will perform to Sajda from My Name Is Khan along with Dance India Dance season 2 winner Shakti Mohan in Punar Vivaah. He has joined the list of TV celebs which includes Additi Gupta who will perform at Yash (Gurmeet Choudhary) and Aarti's (Kratika Sengar) wedding in the show.An elated Karan says, \"\"I am loving this month in totality. I am a non-dancer and have never performed live before. I performed with talented Shakti, who is brilliant and extremely patient. She surprisingly had an amazing chemistry with me. This is followed by the pleasure of working with Nargis, who is drop dead gorgeous, at Femina Miss India today. Co-incidentally, both of us won the superhit stars of TV and film at Big Star Awards.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463438", "title": "Complaint against Santosh Hegde and RK Dutta", "text": "BANGALORE: Hemanth Nimbalkar, deputy inspector general of police (internal security), filed a complaint with Vidhana Soudha police against former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde and former additional director general of police (ADGP) Rupak Kumar Dutta for falsely implicating him in a 2009 case.DCP (Central) BR Ravikanthe Gowda told TOI that after seeking legal opinion, police have registered a case against Justice Hegde and Dutta, under Section 66 (A) of IT Act and Sections 166, 167, 109, 114, 117 and 211 of IPC.He said that on March 16, 2009, an FIR along with source report was registered against him by Naik, the then Lokayukta superintendent of police, Belgaum. The FIR was filed after conducting raids on places, which didn't belong to him. The Lokayukta alleged the complainant owned assets worth Rs 81 lakh and disproportionate to his known sources of income. The total value of seized material included ancestral property owned by his mother Rajani Nimbalkar amounted to only Rs 2.4 lakh, Nimbalkar alleged.The Lokayukta conducted an investigation and filed a B report in the Belgaum court on February 22, 2012, stating there was no case against Nimbalkar.\"For nearly three years since the case was booked, investigation was delayed and kept pending for one or the other reason just to harass me and my family members, including my parents. The said criminal proceedings were maliciously instituted with an ulterior motive and vested interest of earning cheap personal publicity by denigrating an upright and honest IPS officer and to create terror in the minds of the administrative machinery. All this was done under the leadership of Rupak Kumar Dutta, IPS, then Additional Director General of Police, Karnataka Lokayukta police wing,\" Nimbalkar alleged.He said Lokayukta police conducted searches at different premises and when the process was on and had not yet reached its finality, Justice Hegde and Dutta conducted a joint press meet to announce the allegations against him.Explaining the consequences of the raids, the IPS officer pointed out that false allegations made by Justice Hegde and Dutta made it to the web as they were carried by e-papers, websites and blogs and remain available to this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461829", "title": "Glaring shortcomings noticed in tiger sanctuaries", "text": "NAGPUR: Under criticism for its passive role post-inauguration, regional office of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) in Nagpur is now steadily coming up. Initially set up to look after 15 tiger reserves in four states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Odisha, the Nagpur office is at present handling more than 50% tiger reserves in the country.\"Of the 41 tiger reserves in India, Nagpur is looking after 25 in 10 states,\" said Ravikiran Govekar, assistant inspector general (AIG). As there is no official posted in Guwahati regional office yet, the 10 tiger reserves in Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Jharkhand , Bihar, West Bengal and Assam are also being looked after by city office.Nagpur NTCA office was opened by then union environment minister Jairam Ramesh and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on April 27, 2011. The regional offices in Guwahati and Bengaluru were also opened during the same time. While opening office at Nagpur, Ramesh had promised that an inspector general (IG) would be in place along with ministerial staff of eight persons in three months but the staff has still not been appointed.\"Some applications for IG's post have been received and screening process is on,\" said Govekar. However, he adds, lack of staff doesn't mean NTCA office here is dormant. Since July 2011, of the 25 reserves, Govekar has visited 17 and submitted evaluation reports to NTCA at Delhi. \"It's very hectic and I'm out on official tours for almost 27 days in a month,\" says Govekar.As per norms, an AIG is required to make at least three supervisory visits in a year to each tiger reserve. The visits are basically to look into protection initiatives, surveillance, rate of wildlife crime, status of prey and predators, implementation of centrally sponsored scheme (CSS), staff position, relocation of villages, and monitor annual plan of operations (APO).Strategically, all problem reserves like Sahyadri in Maharashtra, Udanti and Indravati in Chhattisgarh and Similipal in Odisha were taken up. The visits have led to discovery of an array of good and bad management practices. During a visit to Sahyadri in October-November last, bauxite mining was observed just 800 metres from the reserve's boundary. There were two-wheelers moving inside the reserve. NTCA higher-ups have taken a serious note of these violations.Tiger reserve visits have no more remained joy tours and from the feedback of Nagpur office, NTCA at Delhi has been writing to chief wildlife wardens of the states about shortcomings and need to rectify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463264", "title": "28 more nursing colleges raided by ACB in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Thursday raided 28 more nursing colleges across the state, including 10 in Jaipur, on receiving complaints of irregularities. The agency had raided 48 nursing colleges earlier this month.ACB, DIG Govind Naryaran Purohit said the ACB carried out a surprise check at 28 nursing colleges in the state on Thursday. Documents were seized from these colleges.The ACB raided nine colleges in Jodhpur on suspicion of violation of norms. While three were found to be functioning in compliance with the norms, others were found to exist only on paper or lacked basic infrastructure prescribed by the Indian Nursing Coucil.\"We have seized the records and investigations are on,\" said asst SP (ACB) Pratap Singh.Three colleges in Alwar, two in Udaipur, two in Kota and one each in Nathdwara and Bharatpur were also raided.Purohit said the documents seized during previous raids were being verified with the records of Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council, which recommended accreditation to these colleges.After that, it will The agency will start lodging FIRs against several government officials involved in inspecting the facilities at private nursing colleges in the state and their owners. , after scrutinizing the seized documents.Glaring irregularities like several colleges of different streams running in a single building have come up during the inspection of 48 nursing colleges on March 17.Sources in the ACB said prima facie, connivance between Rajasthan Nursing Council and Indian Nursing Council officials with the owners of private nursing colleges cannot be ruled out. \"The verification of the documents will take at least a week. Then, we will start taking action against defaulters,\" the officer said.Of the 48 colleges inspected earlier, at least half-a-dozen of them are operating from buildings that house other colleges of different streams including nursing, BEd and even schools. besides, it was found that in records, the address of some colleges is elsewhere, while they are situated at a different location.In some cases, two societies are running different colleges in a single building. Lack of basic facilities like labs are a common problem in most of the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467939", "title": "Shraddha Das is crazy about Sushmita Sen", "text": "Shraddha Das says that her year is made! Reason? She got to speak to former Miss Universe Sushmita Sen , who she is crazy about.\"Sushmita Sen is the only female celeb who I can walk up to and admit that I am crazy about her and the way she carries herself! Jumpin with joy like a true fan!\" the actress posted on her microblogging account. She also says that the model-turned-actress is her idol and inspiration. And when Shraddha finally got to speak to Sush, she could not be happier because Sush recognized her. \"She (Sushmita) recognized me from \"Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji\" and said her daughter and she loved me! Yipppeeeeeeeeeee,\" an excited Shraddha added further.And then like a true die-hard fan, she wrote, \"My day, my month, my year is made, I'm her craziesttttttttttttt fan!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12461838", "title": "Police patil accused of branding tribal man", "text": "AMRAVATI: In a shocking incident, the police patil of a village tied up a tribal man and branded him. The incident was a result of a tiff between the two families. The incident happened at Dhamandhas village located on the border of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh under the jurisdiction of Benoda police station on Wednesday. Police have arrested two persons in this connection.Sources said Tarasingh Uike is the name of the victim. Tarasingh ekes out a living by working as a labourer. Tulshiram Markam is the police patil of the village Dhamandhas.It is learnt that Markam's niece and Tarasingh's son were involved in a love affair. When Markam learnt about the love affair, he and his brother Purshottam went to Tarasingh's home on Wednesday. They dragged Tarasingh out of the house and asked him about his son, leading to a heated exchanged between them.In the complaint to Benoda police, Tarasingh's wife said Markam forced Tarasingh to drink alcohol and then tied up him and his son. Markam then branded Tarasingh and threatened him with dire consequences. Sources said both Markam and Tarasingh were drunk when the incident happened.Police have registered offences against police patil Tulshiram Makram and his brother Purshottam and arrested them under relevant sections of IPC.Talking to TOI, acting SP Avinash Bargal said, \"We have arrested two persons in this connection on a complaint lodged with Benoda police. The complaint says the victim was tethered and branded after a scuffle between two families. Though Tarasingh claims to have been branded by Markam, the medical report did not show any burn injuries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466288", "title": "Cancer control programme facing hurdles in the state", "text": "INDORE: Almost two years after rolling out the national programme for prevention of cancer at five centres, the state is struggling to start cancer screening and treatment at its district hospitals.The aim of Union ministry of health and family welfare to strengthen diagnosing and treating patients in Ratlam in 2010 and subsequently in Dhar, Jhabua, Hoshangabad and Chhindwara in 2011 failed to come out of paper due to shortage of trained manpower.Joint director Dr Sharad Pandit says lack of trained manpower is the biggest hurdle in starting the screening for different types of cancers, which is required under the programme.He said, \"Phase-wise screening and chemotherapy facility had to come up in two district hospitals in Indore division and then extend further. Screening and early diagnosis facilities were mulled over by the Centre to curb the disease but there is a lot to be done on the ground.\" He further said that the government was trying to implement the programme in the district hospitals but lack of trained manpower, infrastructure and lack of ground work posed a problem for its start.The Union ministry in 2010 had also planned to upgrade Regional Cancer Centers (RCC) at Gwalior and Bhopal to Tertiary Cancer Centers (TCC) along with government-run cancer hospital in Indore but the matter too stuck up in procedural hassles.Dr Fakruddin, superintendent, cancer hospital, said, \"Union government wanted to upgrade the centers for which a grant of Rs 6 crore had to come. We had applied for it and report was sent to the higher officials but the matter seems to have gone in cold baggage.\"According to sources, state government is looking for an option to set up linear accelerator amounting Rs 8-9 crore on PPP model in cancer hospitals, which has shelved the up gradation scheme of Union government. It is to be noted that among half a million cancer deaths in the country, the state has a share of 27,214 deaths in the year 2011.Expressing concerns over the spreading disease, Dr Dilip Acharya, chairman, MP State Tobacco and Cancer Control Committee said, \"State government initiative to ban tobacco from coming month is appreciable and would put a curb on cancer menace. We are also hopeful that government would expedite the process of setting up tertiary cancer centre in the city so that people here and nearby areas would get treatment facility.\"The Union ministry in 2010 had planned to upgrade Regional Cancer Centers at Gwalior and Bhopal to Tertiary Cancer Centers along with government-run cancer hospital in Indore but the matter was stuck up in procedural hassles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "12463760", "title": "Another hangs self for Telangana cause", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: Close on the heels of Wednesday's suicide by a youth for the Telangana cause in Medak's Toopran mandal, a degree student on Thursday ended his life by hanging himself by the ceiling fan in Mahbubnagar.Malsetty Anil Kumar Reddy, 19, was found hanging from the fan at around 5 pm by his friends who rushed him to a hospital. Anil, who was declared brought dead at the hospital, left behind a suicide note in which he said he hoped his death was the last one for the cause of a separate Telangana.\"So many students and youth have sacrificed their lives. All Telangana ministers, MLAs and MLCs should resign for the cause and fight,\" he said in the note.Anil also wanted Telangana activists and leaders to undertake fasts and stage protests in front of the state Assembly. He demanded that Telangana Congress leaders stay united and take the statehood battle to the the Centre.Anil's father, Narayana Reddy, a contractor in Mahbubnagar bus stand, said his son used to take active part in the Telangana movement.DSP Hymavathi said they have recovered the suicide note and sent it to a Hyderabad lab for confirmation of the writer's identity.She, however, said that the family members have confirmed that the suicide note was in Anil's handwriting. Anil was a B Com first year student at the local MVS College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461788", "title": "Science lecture on Saturday in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Raman Science Centre &amp; Planetarium in collaboration with Rajhans Prakashan, Nagpur is organizing a popular science lecture on Saturday at 6.00pm in the centre's premises. The lecture titled \"Illusions in Space\" will be delivered by renowned space scientist Jayant Vishnu Narlikar.The lecture will be delivered in Marathi. The centre has called upon the interested students, teachers and general public to attend the lecture. But the entry is restricted on first come first served basis. \"Entry will be given strictly on to individuals possessing invitation cards and entry passes. Interested persons can collect the passes from the centre on Thursday and Friday from 11.30am to 2pmEveryone possessing the passes is expected to be present at least 15 minutes before the scheduled time. Or any other details people can contact on 0712-2735800.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12462039", "title": "Priests at the service of the rich and famous at Tirumala", "text": "TIRUPATI: Rules forbid priests of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) from officiating at any private functions. They have to be at the service of the Lord round the clock and stick to observance of temple rituals and customs in accordance with Agama sastra principles. The rules are binding for pradhana archakas (there are four chief priests) who have to confine themselves to the sanctum sanctorum and perform Nitya Kainkaryams (sevas) and rituals for the Lord. But chief priest A V Ramana Deekshitulu, the only visible face among the pradhana archakas, has always chosen to tread his own path much to the chagrin of Hindu dharma prachara activists.The chief priest was served a memo by the TTD authorities for conducting special rituals in violation of temple norms for a top industrialist at a guest house atop the hill on April 10, 2010. But this is not the first time that the chief priest, the controversial 'Dollar Seshadri' (so called because this priest wears a golden dollar) and other priests have courted controversies. \"Deekshitulu and Seshadri are often seen rubbing shoulders with industrialists, business magnates, film stars and celebrities. The chief priest flew down to Mumbai to bless the granddaughter of an industrialist at her marriage. As one who stands closest to the Moola Virat inside the garbha griha, he should only be at the service of the Lord,\" points out seer Kamalananda Bharati Swamy.In fact, in an interview several years ago, Deekshitulu - a doctorate in molecular biology and an authority on Agamas - himself said that as per the principles of the Vaikhanasa Agama -- which Tirumala temple follows - Tirumala priests should be totally devoted to the worship of the Lord with no other distractions. Rubbishing Deekshitulu's claims that he does not support private rituals, D R Narendra of the Temple Protection Samithi says: \"He performed Sudarshana homam in Tirumala for the late CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy (YSR) and his son Jagan in 2009. He even made trips to Pulivendula and Hyderabad to perform rituals for YSR.\"Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsTirumala wakes up to luxury pad cultureDeekshitulu had defended himself then saying that no dharma sastra would bar a priest from performing a homam/yagam for the 'subhiksham' (prosperity) of the state. He was not available for comments to TOI. Keeping such deviations in mind, the TTD had framed rules so that the archaka system does not collapse. It stated that priests should not perform yagams outside the temple. \"We do not interfere with Agamas but TTD has set certain guidelines,\" says TTD's official spokesman T Ravi.The TTD also makes it clear that all archakas are allocated work by pradhana archakas and recognized for appointment as hereditary archakas as contemplated in section 34(3) of the TTD Act. TTD officials say those who are part of Sri Vaikanasa sect have the privilege to serve as priests at the temple and that no special sanctity or qualification is required for them to become priests. Vaikhanasas are a Vaishnavite Brahmin community of about 2,500 families widely spread across south India in Vaishnava temples in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and parts of Karnataka. There are 20-30 regular archakas and 40-50 priests who do 'sambhavana' inside the main temple.But what does the Agama define? \"The message of the Agamas is that the Lord is served through daily rituals and these rituals must be adhered to without dilution,\" explains Rastriya Sanskrit Vidya Peeth associate professor Chakravarthy Raghavan. Priests, however, get richer when they perform yagams like 'Pasu', 'Sena' which cost Rs 10 lakh each. \"Big money is involved in these yagams and rich industrialists do not mind paying,\" priest Narayana Sastri says. This when pradhana archakas get Rs 50,000 a month, mukhya archakas Rs 25,000 and archakas Rs 15,000 as monthly salary. TTD had recently hiked their salaries. \"TTD pays consolidated salaries to them. They are also entitled to PF and other benefits,\" the PRO says. But a priest not wanting to be named said they conduct the rituals outside the temple precincts to make some more money.Little wonder, M V Soundar Rajan of Dharma Rakshana Samithi is highly critical of the violations by the TTD priests, as a result of which Tirumala is fast losing its spiritual ambience. \"The mutts and main priests are deceiving the beliefs of pilgrims by running after material benefits,\" he rues. \"If there are any lapses in the rituals, the Agama Advisory Council would rectify the same,\" TTD Agama advisor Vedantam Vishnubhattacharyulu says.(This is fifth in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12461341", "title": "Blood Money: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Vishal MahadkarCast: Kunal Khemu, Manish Chaudhary, Amrita PuriFrom Jannat to Jashnn , the Bhatt banner has more or less exploited the age-old standard structure of the human-drama genre to the hilt. The story shows absolutely no signs of renovation. A small-town guy dreams of making it big and comes to city. His elevated ambitions corrupt him en route. He is estranged from his love. Further the unethical route is a one-way lane from where it's impossible to retract. And by the time realization strikes, it's too late. Blood Money is no different.The title shouldn't give you any ideas of analogy with Leonardo DiCaprio's Blood Diamond , though the basic backdrop is of diamond smuggling. But if you are expecting any intricacies in the modus operandi of the illegal diamond trade, be aware that the Bhatts are no Bhandarkar. When the Bhatts decide a backdrop, they ensure that it remains completely in the back. There is practically no enlightenment on the diamond dealings anywhere in the film beyond a one-line mention. Moreover they correlate diamond smuggling in Africa to terrorism in India to unashamedly gain more sympathy votes.If you still insist on the plot, the hero (Kunal Khemu) earns his boss' confidence and riches, pretty early in the picture. When the assets alienate him from his love, he defends saying ' Yeh sab maine kiske liye kamaya? Tumhare liye '. Then the heroine (Amrita Puri) whines ' Kya maine maanga tha yeh sab? ' Finally the hero's groans ' Kuch paiso ke liye maine apna zameer bech diya... ' and his eye-opening line can only put you to sleep. The dialogues successfully define how old-school the anecdote is.The writing is perceptibly predictable and debutante Vishal Mahadkar's direction is conventional to the core. Plus there are glitches galore. One wonders why an average employee like Kunal is given a plush bungalow by his company. Further you never realize what good is he doing for his company that it keeps adding to his assets (and this is much before he gets corrupted). The villain claims to have dual identity though none adds to his one-dimensional character.Kunal Khemu comes up with an earnest act though can't rise above the mediocre script. Same can be said for the talented Manish Chaudhary who has strong screen presence but weak characterization as the negative lead. Amrita Puri doesn't get much scope and there is a forced cuteness in her voice that irritates. Sandeep Sikand sounds somewhat sissy. Karan Mehra is wasted.It's ironic how Bhatts make films about people who sell their soul for money and end up doing pretty much the same in real life. They essentially compromise on quality and play safe by making formula films for commercial gains.Blood Money is a bloody boring film and certainly not worth your money.Verdict: Below Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462407", "title": "Xavier\u2019s school goes hi-tech, chucks chalk-n-talk method", "text": "KOLKATA: The phrase \" poor student\" will soon be wiped out of the vocabulary book of teachers at St Xavier's Collegiate School.Everyone's an achiever is the new mantra that the teachers are being indoctrinated into. To make this a reality, teachers are being trained in a state-of-the-art teaching laboratory in the school so that they can change over to tech-enabled teaching of a kind that has perhaps never been experimented with in any city school. The new method will be implemented in classes VI and VIII from the coming academic session and will trickle down to the primary school.A study conducted by the school among its students in these classes shows that while roughly 10% of them are auditory learners, 40% to 50% are visual learners and 60% are physical learners. It is the physical learners who are considered to be inattentive or fidgety and hence end up being poor performers, say teachers.\"The reason why they are unable to perform at par with others is because they are not being addressed to in the way that suits their needs. The conventional chalk-and-talk method will never be able to get them interested in what is being taught. So we are going for this paradigm shift,\" explained vice-principal of the school, Father Sebastian James.While the blackboards will be replaced by touch boards, chapters to be taught have all been converted into e-chapters. But hard copies will also be available. The e-chapters - uploaded with technical support from a global technology major - will have several links that have been researched by teachers.\"Take for example something like the 1857 Sepoy Mutiny. Most children hate studying it becausehistory text books just give a series of events, names and dates. However, we are going to bring in films, both documentaries and feature films revolving around the revolt to be shown on the touch boards, a large number of links acting as reference material culled from informed articles and a series of activities like acting out parts, writing related scripts etc,\" explained Father Sebastian.It took nearly six years for the school to adapt to this change, get its teachers trained in the new technology and encourage them to research and design their chapters accordingly. \"Initially we were hesitant about the change because it meant a complete re-orientation for most of us.But gradually when we started working on the new system we found interest because there was an information boom waiting to be explored. The best part is that the chapters have now been designed to attract even the so called weakest or uninterested student,\" said a teacher.\"After having trained myself in the new method, I can say that just reading out the chapter from the text book, is certainly not enough,\" he added.This is not all. To ensure that each child has been brought \"within the desirable fold\", parents are being made a part of daily teaching-learning. After a teacher has finished lecturing in the class, the entire lecture along with the visuals and other reference links will be available on the designated website that can be accessed by parents, students and the school administration. Students can also write blogs to register their doubts and ask questions. These will be addressed in class the next day.\"We will hold the concerned teacher responsible if we see a student's learning graph showing a downward curve. We don't believe that even a single student that we have in school today is so weak that he will not be able to score at least 60% marks,\" Father Sebastian said. He added the survey that the school conducted shows that though some students were earlier branded as weak, when it came to singing difficult Spanish songs from memory, they did it with aplomb!\"This proves that there is nothing wrong with the students' IQ, but teachers have not been able to address them properly,\" Father Sebastian concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463846", "title": "After 6 years, runaway Rajsamand boy back home from Andhra", "text": "JAIPUR: A nine-year-old boy, who left his house in Golunda village in Rajsamand district six years ago, was traced 1,800 kilometres away in Andhra Pradesh's Nellore district a few days back. The story of miraculous return of Ratan, now 15 years old, is also about a few good Samaritans who helped him to reunite with his parents.Ratan's return to home on Thursday was mainly due to the perseverance of a CRPF constable from Sikar in Rajasthan, Sunil Kumar, who had gone to Andhra Pradesh on an assembly by-election duty in Kovvur area .Ratan's father Shyamlal Kher, a poor farmer in Golunda village, recollected what happened six years ago. \"Ratan used to play a lot with his friends after school. One day I became a bit harsh and scolded him. He left home and boarded a train bound to Andhra Pradesh,\" Shyamlal told TOI.Ratan said that he did not know where the train was going. \"When I got off, it was Nellore in Andhra Pradesh. I did not know the place's name at that time. Left stranded, I just started crying,\" said Ratan over phone from his village in Rajsamand.One Eeduru Venkata Ramanaiah of Kothur village under Indukurpet police station spotted him crying. \"I did not know Telugu and he did not understand of Hindi or Rajasthani,\" said Ratan.However, Ramanaiah took him home and started looking for his parents. \"When he could not get a clue about them, he got me admitted in a hostel there for 2-3 years where I studied Telugu. I am well-versed in the language now. I then started working with Ramanaiah, grazing his cattle,\" said Ratan. Ratan would have ended up like that, but destiny had something else in store for him. \"A CRPF battalion from Rajasthan had been deputed at Nidimusali village for the byelections to Kovvur assembly seat. When Ramanaiah heard one of the jawans, Sunil, speaking the same language that Ratan used to speak, he introduced Ratan to him. He requested Sunil to help him find his parents,\" said Shyamlal.Sunil then searched Ratan's native village on Google. Leeladhar , incharge of Railmagara police station in Rajsamand, said Sunil got the landline number of SBBJ's Golunda branch. Sunil called up the manager asking if any boy from the village has been missing for the past six years. The manager asked around and found out that Ratan was missing.\"I am overwhelmed to return home. I felt so desperate in an unfamiliar location. However, the bright side is I have learnt Telugu and developed a taste for idli and dosa. My mother at home does not know how to cook them,\" said Ratan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12463951", "title": "Gilani may face 2nd contempt case", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Adding to woes of premier Yousaf Raza Gilani , Pakistan's supreme court today warned him that a second contempt case could be initiated against him if he failed to act on its verdict that annulled a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .During a hearing by a seven-judge bench on the implementation of the apex court's verdict striking down the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO), justice Ejaz Afzal Khan said that another case of contempt could be taken up against Gilani if he does not act on SC's orders.The same bench is hearing a contempt case initiated against Gilani earlier this year after he failed to act on the court's orders to approach Swiss authorities to revive cases of alleged money laundering against president Asif Ali Zardari.Since the supreme court struck down the graft amnesty in December 2009, it has been pressuring the government to reopen corruption cases against Zardari.During Thursday's proceedings, the bench said it would announce its verdict in the NRO case on April 16.Attorney general Anwarul-Haq argued that it was not possible to implement the court's orders on the NRO while the contempt case against Gilani was still being heard. He requested the bench to put off the NRO case till a verdict is delivered in the contempt case.Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk, head of the bench, said the PM could not be held free in the NRO case simply because the contempt case was being heard simultaneously. Justice Ejaz Afzal Khan said approaching the Swiss government was mandatory. If Gilani does not follow orders, a second contempt case is possible, Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12467410", "title": "Rs 2.15 crore seized from Rajya Sabha candidate's brother", "text": "RANCHI: Over Rs 2 crore was today seized allegedly from a car owned by the younger brother of an independent Rajya Sabha candidate, a recovery which comes on a day when polls for the Upper House are being held in Jharkhand.\"The cash was seized near Rampur haat under Namkum police station between 6.30 AM and 7 AM from the car,\" IT Income Tax department's Jharkhand Director Ajay Kumar said.\"The car belongs to Suresh Agarwal, the younger brother of (independent RS candidate) R K Agarwal, while the cash came from his relative Praskash Khemani's place at Jamshedpur,\" he added.R K Agarwal is one of the independent candidates for the Rajya Sabha elections for two seats from Jharkhand which are scheduled today.Following interrogation of Suresh Agarwal and another person, Kumar said it was allegedly revealed that the cash had come from Khemani's place.\"Prakash Khemani is related to R K Agarwal. We have launched raids in his place,\" Kumar said.He said some names of legislators were also found in the vehicle's car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12466548", "title": "KGBV girls slug it out in sports on borrowed ground", "text": "Lohardaga: Girls hailing from the Maoist-affected villages of Senha block - studying at Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya (KGBV), the residential schools run by the Jharkhand Education Project Council exclusively for dropout and BPL girls - displayed their sports skills on a borrowed ground.The annual sports day of the school was organised at an open ground near a government school about half a kilometre away from KGBV. The school has its own building, which was built for Rs 2.5 crore. It was inaugurated last year in April by the education minister of the state. The school has a big campus but the ground is yet to be levelled. Those who saw the students in action on Thursday, could hardly believe that KGBV lacks a playground. Physical teacher Ranju Sahu said that the school, despite not having a playground, holds a lot of sports activities on the school's cemented path, which is about 100 feet long in two parts. \"We also use the hostel courtyard that is about 30-40 feet, for sports activities\", she said.Panchayat Samiti Senha's member Shabba Yasmeen, who inaugurated the sports meet, praised the spirit of the girls who displayed their skills in various events like 100 metre race, shot put, marathon race, discuss throw etc. Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar said that the administration is aware of the absence of a playground in the school and the process is on to make a permanent solution of the rain water drainage system and levelling of the playground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463725", "title": "CM, Botsa tussle rattles ACB", "text": "HYDERABAD: The tussle between PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has taken an intriguing turn with a Vizianagaram ACB inspector slapping a legal notice on ACB additional director K Srinivasa Reddy saying that that the latter mistreated him for not having included Botsa's family members' names in the liquor scandal case.The legal notice directs K Srinivasa Reddy to tender unconditional apology and pay Rs 10,000 in damages within seven days.Srinivasa Reddy is presently heading the Special Investigating Team (SIT) probing the liquor scam.Inspector MV Ganesh of the ACB alleges in his legal notice that he was shouted at by Srinivasa Reddy for not including names of Botsa and his brothers in the inquiry report.Srinivasa Reddy allegedly used 'filthy' language against the subordinate who said that he continued to receive threats over the phone as well. Ganesh said that although he had carried out an honest investigation and submitted the names of license holders in his report, the ACB additional director found fault with him for 'wantonly omitting names of Botsa's family members'.However, ACB sources said that Ganesh was suspended from service on March 27 for failure to report for duty.\"He was given the task of inquiring into liquor syndicates in the district along with higher-ranking officers.\"He disobeyed the instructions and went missing. So, the director general of ACB has suspended him. Now, it seems he is trying to get some political protection by involving higher officials,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467163", "title": "Jackie Shroff to appear in Rajinikanth's movie", "text": "Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff will be seen in south superstar Rajinikanth-starrer Tamil film 'Kochadaiyaan'.'Kochadaiyaan', a period film, is directed by Rajini's daughter Soundarya.\"I am doing Rajinikanth's film 'Kochadaiyaan'. I play the role of a Raja (king), beyond this I cannot talk much as I am not allowed to do so,\" Jackie told reporters here last night at the festival of Vidhu Vinod Chopra's films.The film, also featuring R Sarathkumar, Vijayakumar and Deepika Padukone , will be released in Telugu, English, Hindi and Japanese too. It is expected to hit the theatres this year.Talking about his experience of working with Rajinikanth , Jackie said, \"It was excellent working with him. He is superstar of India...we had great time.\"Jackie and Rajini have earlier worked together in Subhash Ghai's 'Uttar Dakshin'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461290", "title": "Four held for \u2018film\u2019 con acts", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons-Sameer Shaikh alias Mustakin (19), Nishikant Kamble (30) alias Dharmendra, Sahil Nikharge alias Sachin (28) and Avinash Agavane alias Santosh (38)- who conned aspiring actors by promising them roles in films and TV serials, have been arrested by the Vanrai police.The accused signed contracts which turned out to be bogus.Some victims are from Chennai, others are from Pune and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12462092", "title": "Cops need more powers to tackle Naxals: Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Denying any failure on the part of state police in the March 27 Naxal blast, which claimed the lives of 12 CRPF personnel, home minister RR Patil has asked the central government to increase the powers of the police. Patil also suggested that central government should take the lead in anti-Naxal operations and not try to blame state home ministers whenever something goes wrong.Earlier, leader of opposition Eknath Khadse had demanded special protection act should be enforced in Naxal-hit areas. Opposition members also said that villagers in Gadchiroli trust the Naxals more than the police.Patil emotionally replied, \"What can the police do? If we detain somebody for four hours there is a hue and cry. We have to deal with courts and human right commissions. The Naxals just shoot people.\"Continuing in similar tone, Patil said he could give it in writing that the State Human Rights Commission would ask the police to pay compensation to the family of a terrorist recently killed in a police encounter in Aurangabad.Admitting that Naxalism was a serious problem, Patil said the Naxal movement was weakest in Maharashtra among all the affected states. He went on describe various development projects being implemented by the government in Gadchiroli district.Earlier, BJP leader Khadse demanded that youths of Gadchiroli district be recruited in police in large numbers even if the department becomes grossly overstaffed. \"It is better that they work for us than the Naxals. The salary of policemen working in Naxal areas should be double that of others,\" he said.There was a lot of unpleasantness between RR Patil and MNS members during the discussion. MNS MLAs created a ruckus in the house when Patil went out of the house. Later, MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar read out a speech by Patil when he had taken over as guardian minister of Gadchiroli.BJP MLA Nana Patole indirectly demanded that Patil should resign. The home minister in his long winded reply took several pot shots at Nandgaonkar and Patole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467248", "title": "Pritish Nandy wins International Humanitarian Award", "text": "The incredible media guru Pritish Nandy wears several hits. Not too many people know he has been quietly giving shelter to homeless canines for years now. In fact, say friends, visiting the Nandys' residence is like being in a mellow menagerie. There are pets and homeless dogs inhabiting his residence constantly.And now Pritish Nandy has been honoured with the prestigious Humane Society Of The United States' Genesis Award .As he flew to Los Angeles for this surprising honour last week on March 24, little did Pritish Nandy know that he would be honoured alongside living legends of the entertainment and media such as Morgan Freeman and Jill Rappaport.On his way back from LA after receiving the award Pritish Nandy said he never expected to be thus honoured for doing what came naturally to him.But then hasn't he always followed his instincts to become India's indisputable media monarch?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466668", "title": "Where the TV actors partied...", "text": "The unveiling of UTV Stars' 'Walk of the Stars', a desi version of the international 'Walk of Fame' was held recently and the do was followed by a bash at Olive Bar in Bandra.Present on the occasion were some noteable TV actors, models and celebrities. Pooja Bedi walked in with Sky (Akashdeep Saigal), Juhi Parmar came in with actor-husband Sachin Shroff, Payal Rohatgi, Karishma Tanna, Sushma Reddy, model-actress Mugdha Godse, musician Bappi Lahiri, actor Ranvir Shorey, filmmaker Madhur Bhandarkar, TV actors Rakesh Bapat and Ridhi Dogra , Indraniel Sur and Barkha Bisht also graced the event among others.Actress Kareena Kapoor along with her father Randhir Kapoor were special guests and unveiled the brass statue of Raj Kapoor. On the lines of 'Walk of Fame', 'Walk of the Stars' will have hand prints of Indian movie celebrities which will be cast first in clay and then in brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463004", "title": "First chemical hazard control unit in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's first chemical hazard control unit is all set to come up in Gurgaon. What is termed a \"major accident hazard control unit\" will be the city's first disaster management facility equipped to tackle crisis situations like a chemical leak or a chemically induced fire.Gurgaon's industries are largely small-scale and non-toxic establishments. But according to official estimates, the city does have around 15 major industrial units where chemical storage exceeds, or equals , 15 tonnes - a volume big enough to be a cause for concern. \"The chemicals stored in these units are mainly LPG, in quantities of over 15 tonnes,\" said Ravinder Malik, deputy director of the labour department of Gurgaon.\"There are still no big units handling large quantities of chemicals here. But our hazard unit will be able to effectively deal with all scenarios,\" he said. A similar facility is planned for the district of Panipat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461993", "title": "City fathers want Nagpur Municipal Corporation to take care of all roads", "text": "NAGPUR: With mounting demand for toning up civic infrastructure of city and resources scarcity with Nagpur Municipal Corporation, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal recently decided NMC won't spent a single paisa on roads owned by National Highway Authority of India, Public Works Department and Nagpur Improvement Trust.PWD maintains 112 km roads in city. These include five national highways of 43.6 kms length passing through city, two state highways of 6.7 kms and 47 other district roads totaling 62.57 kms. NIT has nine roads of 36.05 kms while NMC has 46 roads measuring 107 kms.Jaiswal wants NHAI, PWD and NIT to maintain their own roads within corporation limits. However, the civic chief's statement has irked many corporators who termed it immature. Senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe ridiculed the statement stating that the civic administration should make these agencies maintain their roads in motorable condition. He pointed out that NMC still collects taxes from citizens in areas served by roads belonging to NIT, NHAI or any other government agencies. Hence, it was the responsibility of NMC to ensure that these citizens got all basic civic amenities.\"The civic administration cannot shirk its responsibilities,\" added corporator Savita Sangole. She also pointed out that Jaripatka Ring Road patch (from Mankapur square to Automotive square) was in pathetic condition. It belongs to NHAI but more than 2,000 households residing on either side pay taxes to the corporation. Still, no agency was maintaining the stretch, she added. Repeated pleas to maintain the road have fallen on deaf ears and it was time something serious was done, Sangole added. She said that NMC should pressure NHAI to ensure that the road was motorable.Similar is the complaint of people residing on the stretch of Mankapur square to Katol Naka square. The entire road is worn out and dangerous, said senior corporator Arun Daware.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466540", "title": "Anoop Menon\u2019s on a roll", "text": "Fresh off the success of Beautiful, the multi-talented actor will be penning four scripts this yearHe would be starting off with VK Prakash's Trivandrum Lodge, which will see him star along buddy Jayasurya. \"It's a feel-good, romantic story,\" he says. Anoop had earlier scripted about half of the thriller Pushpakavimaanam before finalising on Trivandrum Lodge as the team's next.Jayasurya and Anoop will once again share the screen for Ratheesh Ravi's Rathri. This project too was arrived at after Anoop had initially decided on scripting Ardhanareeswaran, which deals with transgenderism. \"Though the our initial plan was to shoot Ardhanareeswaran, the film has been delayed and we're shooting Rathri first,\" informs Jayasurya.Anoop will also be part of Mollywood's first action-thriller anthology similar to Kerala Cafe and will be scripting for director Deepan's featurette.Meanwhile, the actor's scripting venture will come a full circle when he joins director Rajeev Nath, who had helmed his first two scripts - Pakalnakshatrangal and Anubhav. The director is upbeat about the film tentatively titled Oru New York Sayahnam, a romantic flick planned to be shot in New York and Washington, that will also have Anoop in the lead.Rajeev says, \"I am happy I discovered and encouraged the writer in him.\" We are too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461880", "title": "23-year-old 7th in city to test H1N1 positive", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old Dharavi resident on Thursday tested positive for H1N1 , taking the count of positive cases in the city to seven. The patient is also the first one this year to be admitted to the Kasturba hospital, the nodal centre for H1N1.BMC's assistant health officer Dr Mangala Gomare said the patient is recovering well, and he has been kept in the hospital only for observation. \"The patient got admitted on Wednesday night due to fever and cold. His samples were sent for testing. He was put on Tamiflu even before his reports came,\" she said.Kasturba hospital has not dismantled the isolation ward that was created in 2009 though most of the city hospitals had done away with the isolation facility. A civic official said the state had issued revised guidelines in 2009 itself, following which quarantining patients was deemed unnecessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12462086", "title": "AAI gives nod to share the cost with Maharashtra Airport Development Company", "text": "NAGPUR: The 3,200-metre runway of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport will finally get a much-awaited resurfacing soon. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has given a nod to equally share the cost of runway resurfacing work with Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC).On Thursday, after taking stock of development works and inspecting the newly-installed Indra-ATC automation system at the city airport, AAI chairman V P Agrawal announced that AAI will share the amount of Rs 25 crore jointly with MADC and will ensure that the runway is resurfaced soon.Agrawal admitted that due to the increase in air traffic at the city airport, the existing runway requires resurfacing immediately. However, as the city airport, managed by the joint venture company Mihan India Limited (MIL), is suffering heavy losses, getting funds had become a difficult task. Estimates for the work was prepared well in time and the only thing lacking was funds, that was preventing floating of tender and allotment of work order. However, now the problem has been resolved and the runway will soon get a new surface, he said.The runway was last resurfaced in 2004. Before that, the then operator Airports Authority of India (AAI) had resurfaced it in 1995. TOI has been highlighting MIL's negligence towards the bad condition of the runway. The 350 to 400 metre patch of the runway, where aircraft land or brake hard, had been completely damaged and poses a potential threat to aircrafts.Agrawal also clarified that AAI has no plan to take back the Nagpur Airport from MADC for its operations and maintenance. The airport will remain with the joint venture company MIL, where MADC has a 51% stake and AAI has the remaining 49%.As per the MOU signed, which has five-year tenure, MIL has assured to develop airport and absorb the entire AAI staff except CNS/ATM (communications, navigation and surveillance systems for air traffic management) employees and also pay their salaries. However, MIL has failed to develop it and neither has it paid salaries to employees. The pending salary amount has reached Rs 30 crore due to lack of funds. \"Based on such facts, AAI has only proposed to exchange the share of 51 % in MIL with MADC. The proposal is pending with the Maharashtra government for final decision,\" he added.The AAI chairman appreciated Nagpur airport for emerging as the first in the country to have completed Indra-ATC automation system. He said that apart from increasing the efficiency and reducing chances of accidents, the new system would ensure complete radar coverage. Aircraft would be in continuous contact with air traffic controllers while transiting and the new system will help aircraft reach economic flight level, thereby drastically reducing fuel consumption.Gondia airport ready to take offGondia: The Birsi Airport at Gondia is now ready to have a regular air service apart from having ongoing training operations. AAI chairman V P Agrawal said that AAI has already expanded the runway of Gondia airport to 9,000 feet to handle the operations of aircraft like Airbus-320 and Boeing 737. A state-of-the-art passenger terminal building along with ATC tower and fire station is also ready. \"Airlines operating smaller aircraft have yet not approached AAI for operations, but can start intrastate services from here,\" Agrawal said.Meanwhile, AAI has constructed two toilet blocks at Birsi village having population of around 2,000, near the airport spending Rs 24.20 lakh. Each block has five Indian style water closet, one European style closet and four bath rooms and a waiting room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462574", "title": "Govt prescribes Bill to save doctors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Doctors in the state have welcomed The Gujarat Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Institutions (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss of Property) Bill 2002 passed in the state assembly on Thursday. The Act which makes assault on doctors a punishable offence has been passed in 12 states all over the country.\"Gujarat has passed the bill a little late but it is a step in the right direction. Incidents of assault on doctors by angry relatives of patients have only risen in the recent past leading to lot of concern and unrest among doctors, especially among juniors. The Act will serve as a confidence building measure and help the doctors serve patients better as it will create a safer work environment for medical personnel\", dean of NHL Municipal Medical College Dr Pankaj Patel said. Dr Patel said that in the recent past, majority strikes have happened in the state's medical institutions following assault on junior doctors by angry relatives of patients who had vented their ire on them alleging medical negligence.The bill seeks to protect both public and private medical institutions as also all persons associated with medical care including doctors, other registered medical practitioners, nurses, midwives, trained dais, medical and nursing students, paramedical staff, and employees and other staff.Speaking on the bill's purpose, state health minister Jay Narayan Vyas said, \"Sometimes, the relatives or the guardians of the patient misunderstand the situation and commit the offence of assault on the medical person or indulge in destruction of property\", and often \"anti-social elements take benefit of the situation.\"Senior orthopedic surgeon and former dean of medical faculty Dr H P Bhalodiya said the Act was the need of the hour and it will demand restrained, cordial behavior from both doctors and patients' relatives which will be mutually beneficial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463110", "title": "3 held with 2 dozen fake passports, visas", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city's Hussainganj police on Thursday busted a gang involved in making fake passports and visas and sending people to foreign countries. The police arrested three persons of this gang. The three were identified as Afsaar, a resident of Fatehpur district; Aziz, a resident of Hussainganj, and Mohd Junaid, a resident of Faizabad. The police recovered 23 alleged fake passports and visas from their possession.According to the police, the three could not give a convincing reply as how they were in possession of so many passports and visas. The police said that all the passports were sent for verification.According to the police, the miscreants used to charge around Rs 30,000 for a visa and this way, they had duped scores of people.The police said that general medical fitness status report of several persons, visa application forms and passport-size photographs of applicants were also recovered from the possession of the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467417", "title": "Anushka in Dirty Picture remake?", "text": "\"The Dirty Picture\" propelled leading lady Vidya Balan to numero uno status in the Hindi film industry.After smashing all BO records, buzz has it that the makers of the original film are now looking at remaking the movie in Tamil and Telugu. According to sources, the makers of \"The Dirty Picture\" feel that the movie which is based on the life of Silk Smitha will connect well if remade in Tamil and Telugu.To this end, they have begun their search for the leading lady. So far, on top of their wish list is none other than actor Anushka Shetty. Not only does the actor have tremendous screen presence and acting skills, but the makers feel she is one of the few from the southern film industry who could do justice to the role of Silk, originally played by Vidya. Sources also say that Anushka is the only one who could come close to Vidya Balan in terms of stature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463757", "title": "Govt fund squeeze puts OU in tight spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: Osmania University's budget for the academic year 2012-13 has seen a steep drop in the funds from state government which are forwarded as block grants. The block grant of Rs 166.14 crore released by the state this year to OU will not cover the varsity's expenditure on salaries and pension which is estimated to be Rs 238.12 crore. The university will have to raise the rest of the money using its own resources.As per the annual budget plan tabled at OU's academic senate meeting on Thursday, the university is to raise the deficit amount by sourcing Rs 46 crore from its departments and centres which function as independent units and generate their own income. The university will also have to cut costs by limiting spending on seminars and functions and make an attempt to supplement its income by renting out its buildings and halls.However, cost cutting measures and an extra income put together may still not suffice to cover the deficit completely, the budget committee said. The budget expects the university to raise Rs 385.18 crore from various sources in the coming year while pegging the total expenditure at around Rs 385.42 crore, which means that the university will carry a deficit of Rs 23.84 lakh into the next academic year, 2013-14.Presenting the budget, executive committee member M Upender, from the department of economics, said that new recruitments, to be made by the university in the coming academic year, had added Rs 103.13 crore to the budget. A figure of Rs 35.43 lakh has had to be set aside for contingencies.Several senior academics said that the drying up of government assistance has affected the morale of university staff who are struggling to keep the academic year going without disruption even as the Telangana agitation rages in the region.\"Over the past three years, there has been a steep drop in funds from the government to state universities. Smaller universities have been facing an acute fund crunch and, now, older universities like OU, too, are feeling the pinch,\" said a senior academic and senate member.Meanwhile, S Satyanarayana, the OU vice-chancellor, said that despite the adverse circumstances the varsity had earned recognition as an University with Potential for Excellence (UPE) from the University Grants Commission (UGC).\"OU is one of only six universities in the country which have bagged this coveted status during the XIth plan,\" Satyanarayana said.The vice-chancellor also stated that two more students hostels will be constructed in the coming academic year. But no new courses shall be introduced in the coming academic year as the university is already grappling with a staff shortage.Responding to queries on the proposed beef festival and the demand, put forward by certain Dalit student groups, for including beef on the hostel menu, the vice-chancellor said that the matter was under consideration.He, however, stated that the university had not given permission to the student group in question to organise any such festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466373", "title": "I want to make a romantic movie: Shaji Kailas", "text": "The action film director of Mollywood, Shaji Kailas, has started the shoot for his next, Simhasanam.With Prithviraj playing the lead, the movie is made in the backdrop of feuds between two families. Aishwarya and Vandhana are the lead actresses in the action movie.However, the director, who is famous for his action movies, says his heart is on romantic movies. \"Yes, I want to make a romantic movie. I love mushy romances and I'm sure I can direct a good romantic movie. But I don't know how the audience will take it,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463867", "title": "Blind-booking of flights continues", "text": "MUMBAI: Are opaque fare offers still on? A day after the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) told airlines not to participate in such schemes, travel portals continued to offer special fares. Airlines claimed they never participated in such offers and travel portals refused to talk about it.DGCA had on Wednesday ordered airlines to discontinue the practice after complaints from some airlines and passengers. Its circular told carriers to withdraw from schemes which do not reveal the name of the carrier and exact time of departure at the time of booking. Passenger gets to know the details only once the payment is made. The offer, however, specifies a time-frame for the passenger and fare. Since the fares offered on opaque schemes are cheaper, many economy passengers are attracted to them.But over the past two weeks, the scheme has run into controversy after a major private carrier and passengers alleged that it was to favour Kingfisher. Acting on passenger complaints, travel portals had put up a disclaimer that the fares do not include Kingfisher.But DGCA intervened and sought completely transparent proceedings for air-ticket bookings.Opaque fare schemes were still available on two major online portals on Thursday. The portals mentioned Air India, Spice Jet, GoAir and Kingfisher as partners in the scheme. An attempt at booking the scheme was still leading the booker to the payment window. The offers were available for most major cities like Delhi, Lucknow and Kolkata.But Air India and Spice Jet spokespersons said their fares were out in the open and they did not indulge in opaque or anonymous bookings.Director-general , DGCA, E K Bharat Bhushan said offering opaque fares was in violation of aircraft rule 1937. \"It is a strict order to airlines to withdraw from the scheme. They should withdraw as soon as possible,\" Bhushan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12463192", "title": "School slapped with show-cause notice for RTE violation", "text": "AJMER: The education department on Thursday slapped a show-cause notice to Sofia Senior Secondary Girls' School for violating norms under the Right to Education (RTE) Act.The show-cause notice was served after the department investigated complaints of a parent who said many girls studying below Class VIII were not promoted to the next class. The department found the complaints to be true but the school said saying parents of the girls who failed wanted their children to repeat in their respective classes.Perhaps this is the first case in the state in which the department initiated action against the school under the RTE Act.The elementary education department asked the school to reply within seven days after receiving the notice. The school is charged under sections 12, 13 and 16 of RTE Act. \"We sent a team to find out the truth on the complaint and the report submitted to me found that there is violation of RTE,\" said Ram Chandra Samant, district education officer of elementary education.The school announced result of its examinations on Tuesday in which many girls were declared failed. \"My nine-year-old daughter Preeta studying in Class IV was declared fail. When I approach the principal, she told me to withdraw my daughter from the school. When I requested her then she demanded to give in writing that we wanted our daughter to repeat in Class IV,\" said Rishi Mirdha, a parent. He added that his daughter went into shock and has undergone treatment.On the complaint of Rishi, the education department formed a team under RTE cell in-charge Rajeev Tiwari to investigate the accusations. \"We asked the factual report from school and they showed us an application of parents desiring that their daughter should be declared failed and made to repeat in the same class,\" Tiwari. He added that there is no rule in RTE that on the desire of parents, school allows student to repeat the class. \"It is the violation of law and we reported it to the higher authorities,\" Tiwari said.According to the department, Rule 16 of the RTE Act states that no student up to Class VIII should be failed nor he or she will be rusticated from the school in the primary classes. The schools have no right to compel parents to take away their wards from the school. Section 12 also states that every school of the state will provide free education to the weaker section.Principal of the school, sister Orlean said, \"If parents have problems, they should approach the school directly. In this case, some parents found their children very weak in almost every subject and therefore they parents they have given in writing that they wanted their children to repeat the class.\"The school is affiliated to CBSE. \"If department is satisfied that the school has violated the law, the recognition of the school will be immediately canceled,\" an official source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462656", "title": "CBI gets nod to probe 20 I-T tribunal staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will start its probe against 20 members of Income Tax Tribunal for their 'role' in outsourcing writing of judgements to private parties in lieu of favour.Law minister Salman Khurshid has given the sanction to the agency for registering the preliminary enquiry (PE). The ministry has administrative control over the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT).Sources said that ministry gave its nod to the CBI for the PE after Attorney General G E Vahanvati cleared the air about legal hurdles. The sanction came almost two years after the CBI had sought permission for the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12463946", "title": "Indian mission in China stops help, traders on streets", "text": "BEIJING: Two Indian traders, abducted and tortured after their trading firm's owner fled without paying his dues to businessmen in south China's Yiwu city last year, have been forced to live on Shanghai streets since Tuesday after the Indian embassy stopped paying their hotel bills.The two - Deepak Raheja and Shyamsunder Agarwal - had been staying in a hotel after the embassy rescued them from captivity and bought them back from Yiwu. \"We are on the streets. We have no money for the hotel as the embassy has stopped supporting us,\" Agarwal said. \"Please help us go home to India.''Sources said the embassy has spent more than $7,000 on their hotel bills and that it cannot pay them endlessly as its responsibility is limited to ensuring that they get justice. Embassy officials were unavailable for comments.The two were asked to pay $1.58 million to Chinese traders after the Yemeni owner of their firm fled. They have been charged in a Chinese court of short-changing local businessmen. But they two have maintained that they have nothing to do with the unpaid dues.Chinese government said they two face court cases in south China and cannot leave the country until they honor commitments to local businessmen. \"Since the two Indian businessmen have not honored their compensations commitment, the relevant court has ordered them not to leave. This order still in effect,\" said Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei on Thursday. He hoped the two would settle the dues and resolve the issue soon.It is unclear whether the Indian government is trying to track down the Indian co-owner of the firm that has allegedly made huge purchases from Chinese traders in Yiwu without paying for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461928", "title": "Uproar in Rajya Sabha over Telangana statehood, Setusamudram status", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha on Thursday adjourned twice as members belonging to various parties created uproar over issues like Telangana statehood and Setusamudram project.As soon as the Upper House met for the day, DMK, BJP and TDP members raised these issues forcefully adjourning Rajya Sabha for 15 minutes, and later till noon. While DMK members were on their feet displaying banners that read: \"Implement Setusamudram Project\", BJP member M Venkaiah Naidu said the Setusamudram should be declared a national heritage.Chairman Hamid Ansari asked members not to display banner and resume their places so that Question Hour can be taken up. As TDP member Gundu Sudha Rani started moving towards the Well with a banner in support of Telengana, Ansari adjourned the House for 15 minutes. When the House reassembled, similar scenes were witnessed and the Chair adjourned it till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462948", "title": "Traffic snarls on Ring Road due to diversions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BRICS summit resulted in traffic snarls on Thursday morning as VVIPS from the four nations headed to Taj Palace Hotel for the event. Traffic curbs were in place in south and New Delhi areas where diversions had to be made to facilitate the safe transit of dignitaries.Most of the traffic was diverted to the Ring Road as SP Marg between Dhaula Kuan and Panchsheel Marg remained closed for traffic. This resulted in major jams on the Ring Road. There were traffic jams between Naraina and Moti Bagh as well as on NH-8 between Gurgaon Road and Dhaula Kuan.\"Since a large number of vehicles use the SP Marg for movement between Gurgaon and Delhi as well as within south Delhi, all traffic had to be diverted to the Ring Road which is already congested. As a result there was a jam in the morning,\" said a traffic police cop. Traffic movement along Panchsheel Marg also remained heavy in the morning . Traffic congestion was also reported in the morning on Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and Zakir Hussain Marg, where the roads had to be temporarily closed for VVIP movement. The resultant congestion on Mathura Road and Bhairon Road also added to commuters' woes in the morning hours when it coincided with peak traffic movement.The situation was much better in the evening, when the summit was over and many of the traffic restrictions were removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12465831", "title": "Work on making Ambaji Gujarat's first golden temple to start soon", "text": "Palanpur: The work to make historic Ambaji temple Gujarat's first golden temple will start from April 1.The dome of the sanctum will be goldplated, using as much as 60 kg gold received by the temple authorities through various donations. The complete gold plated dome will be ready by next year, district collector J B Vora said.\"In view of encouraging response from donors, we propose 60 kg of gold in place of 25 kg. In the first phase, the coating work will be up to 15 feet height. Later, more portion will be taken up,\" Vora said.\"Also, by October this year, Ambaji will showcase the entire 51 shaktipeeths and temples scattered around in Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Nepal and Mansarovar in Tibet near Gabbar Hills here. The parikrama project will be complete by October,\" said Vora, who is also ex-officio chairman of Arasuri Ambaji Mata Devasthan Trust.Eight 'kalashes' on top of the smaller domes of temple and the main shikhar are already goldplated apart from 350 other small domes. All of these will be covered with gold leaves.Apart from setting up shaktipeeths, parikrama path, the temple's shikhar (dome), other developmental work worth Rs 168 crore that includes a modern hospital, widening roads and developing Ambaji as an ideal tourism place, will gather momentum.The biggest contribution of gold came from builder Mukesh Patel, who pledged one kg yellow metal. Patel is based in Khoraj village near Gandhinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462311", "title": "Aldeia case: HC relief for NGOs", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has recently dismissed applications seeking rejection of PILs filed by two NGOs, seeking against the construction of Aldeia de Goa's hotel project at Bambolim in alleged violation of CRZ regulations.Goan Real Estate and Construction Limited and Goan Hotels and Clubs Pvt Ltd had filed two separate applications . They had stated that the issue in the PILs filed by Goa Foundation and Peoples Movement for Civic Action had been wholly concluded and decided by the Supreme Courts Judgement of March 2010 on the same issue. .A division bench comprising Justices S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre have while dismissing the two applications held that \"the controversy very much survives for determination and consideration\" especially when the Supreme Court in its clarificatory judgement has not held that the writ petition itself would be rendered infructuous.The Bench has noted that \"perusal of the order(s) would indicate that a serious view was taken of the matter, in as much as records from all the government departments as well as panchayats are stated to be missing. The inquiry has not reached any conclusion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461875", "title": "Bribery claim: Court to examine Tejinder Singh under oath", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday took cognizance of a criminal defamation case filed against Army Chief General V K Singh and four other senior Army officials by Lt-General (retd) Tejinder Singh for allegedly misusing their official positions to defame him.Tejinder had on Tuesday filed a criminal complaint against the General, vice-chief of army staff Lt-Gen S K Singh, Lt-Gen B S Thakur (director general of military intelligence), Major General S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt-Col Hitten Sawhney (director, media) as accused in the case for allegedly misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.On Thursday, metropolitan magistrate Sudesh Kumar took cognizance of the case and fixed it for recording of pre-summoning evidence on April 10. The court, however, said it would examine Tejinder and other witnesses on oath in support of the complaint against the Army chief and others.During the hearing, the magistrate inquired from Tejinder and his counsel about the respective roles of the five accused in the case. \"Why five of them are made accused? What are their roles?\" the magistrate asked. Tejinder said that between March 1 and 4, several media reports had emerged with allegations of illegal off-the-air monitoring of call records of some senior officials, and on March 5 the media cell of the Army headquarters issued a press release leveling serious allegations against him.He said it was alleged that he had managed all media reports, and was also questioned for his 'role' in the purchase of off-the-air monitoring system. He said it was also alleged that he had purchased a flat in Mumbai's Adarsh Society, and had also offered bribe to the Army chief for swinging a substandard defence deal in favour of a private firm.\"All allegations levelled against me are baseless. I have never been questioned for purchase of off-the-air monitoring system. I am a member in Adarsh Society but there are other 102 allottees and no investigation or FIR has been registered against me. I am only a simple investor,\" he said, adding the allegation was also \"vague\".Advocates Anil Aggarwal and S M Pandey, appearing for Tejinder, said even in the case of the alleged bugging of the defence minister's office, nothing has been found but various defamatory things have been said about their client.Regarding the alleged bribe, the counsel argued that earlier it was said that the Army chief was offered Rs 50 crore bribe, but later Gen Singh changed it to Rs 14 crore. Tejinder's counsel said the press release issued by the Army officials were illegal as they were not authorized to do so and the officials could not address the media directly.\"The tone and tenor of the said press release was not official and it was entirely defamatory. The government is not supposed to defame a person in this way and that too without even questioning him in this regard,\" they said, adding Gen Singh and other accused were acting in a \"malafide manner\".On this, the public prosecutor, who was present in the court room, opposed the arguments advanced by Tejinder's counsel saying if they would accuse the government, then the proceedings should be conducted \"in-camera\" as it was a sensitive matter and all the scribes were present.Tejinder's counsel said the prosecutor has no business to interving in the proceedings as it was a complaint case. The counsel said they had received the same replies to the notices sent to Gen Singh. Tejinder, in his complaint, said the Army chief had levelled false allegations on March 5 to clear his name from the phone-tapping row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461333", "title": "Army chief row: Antony guns for leak culprits, says they will be punished", "text": "NEW DELHI: With many politicians suspecting that the leak of Army chief Gen V K Singh's letter to the prime minister has come from the chief's camp - a suggestion that Gen Singh has vehemently denied - defence minister A K Antony warned on Thursday that the government would get \"to the root of this leak\" and see to it that the \"culprits who have done this anti-national activity\" get the maximum possible punishment.Addressing a news conference here, Antony said \"no patriotic Indian\" would have done \"such a thing\" (leaked the letter) as it would only help \"our enemies\". Clearly, the government has decided to draw the line and Antony's tough talk was like reading out the riot act against any future acts of indiscretion. For now, the government will put up with Gen V K Singh till he retires on May 31, unless, of course, some damning findings emerge in the IB's probe into the leak.The government is also wary of a blowback if it sacks a chief who has cracked down on corruption in the Army, though it may be emboldened by the Opposition's criticism of the leak.Defence minister A K Antony's tough talk came after the opposition criticized the leak of General V K Singh's letter to the PM, calling it as a matter of grave national security matter that cannot be ignored.General Singh denies link to leaking of letter to PMOn his part, General Singh came out forcefully to deny any link with the leaking of the letter, holding that it should be treated as \"high treason\" deserving the severe punishment.However, his bid to take the moral high ground, this time by seeking a CBI probe against another senior officer in line to become the Army chief, Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, was deftly undercut by Antony for the second time during this week.Acknowledging General Singh had complained against Lt-Gen Suhag some months ago, the minister said, \"I immediately told him to take action if there was any specific complaint. But the Army headquarters on March 22 sent a proposal to promote him (Lt-Gen Suhag) as an Army commander(of one of the six regional commands). In fact, the file has now come to me after the defence secretary cleared it.\"Earlier, Antony had virtually blamed General V K Singh for not taking any follow-up action after allegedly being offered a Rs 14-crore bribe by retired defence intelligence agency chief Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh to push the deal for around 600 \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks.General Singh this week also forwarded a letter to the CBI written by Trinamool Congress MP Ambika Banerjee in May last year, which alleged largescale procurement scams in the SpecialFrontier Force when it was headed by Lt-Gen Suhag.Incidentally, Lt-Gen Suhag is slated to succeed Lt-Gen Bikram Singh who will take up the reins of the Army after General V K Singh retires. If for some reason Lt-Gen Suhag does not make it as the chief, the officer next in line is considered to be \"close\" to the current Army chief.Antony sidestepped questions on whether there was a link between General V K Singh losing his age battle with the government and the timing behind the series of startling disclosures.Antony said, \"All three service chiefs enjoy the confidence of the government. They are working... otherwise, how can they continue?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463739", "title": "Hyderabad to get Godavari water by Dec 2013", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pipe-laying works for supply of Godavari drinking water to the city are in full swing and, if all goes as per plan, residents of surrounding circles of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) may start benefiting from the project by December, 2013.Alwal would be the first GHMC circle to get Godavari water, which would traverse 186 kms from Yellampally (Karimnagar) barrage. Subsequently, Qutubullapur, Rajendranagar, Kukatpally, Serilingampally, Kapra and Malkajgiri circles and the Secunderabad Cantonment would get Godavari water treated at the Ghanpur mega balancing reservoir.On Thursday, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) took mediapersons to Kukunurpally and Mallaram of Medak district (around 100 kms from the city) to show them the progress of the ongoing Godavari drinking water project (Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Hyderabad Sujala Sravanthi Scheme).Speaking to newsmen at Mallaram, HMWS&SB; director-projects M Satyanarayana said of 186 km length pipeline, the Water Board had pipeline of nearly 76 kms. Due to delay in land acquisition, the project was getting delayed.At Mallaram, works on the water treatment plant (WTP) with a capacity to treat 775 million litres a day (MLD) are in full swing. Expected to be completed by June, 2013, the Rs 132-crore Mallaram WTP would be the biggest in the country supersedingDelhi WTP (700 MLD capacity).Under the Godavari drinking water project phase-I, the HMWS&SB; would draw 172 MGD (10 TMC) of water from the Yellampally barrage at a cost of Rs 3,375 crore.\"We need 1,800 acres land for Godavari drinking water project phase-I. So far, we have acquired around 1,600 acres and the discussions are one for transfer of the remaining 200 acres by land acquisition officers of Medak, Rangareddy and Karimnagar districts. Efforts are on to acquire another 300 acres of forest land for the project. We have asked collectors of three districts to identify revenue land in their respective jurisdictions in lieu of the forest land,\" Satyanarayana said.Intake well works proposed at the Yellampally barrage, where pumping of water from Godavari would take place, are also in full swing. These works are likely to be completed by May, 2013.\"As per our plan, we are aiming to supply Godavari water to the city by December 2013,\" the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463414", "title": "Central Empowered Committee suggests probe into BSY kickbacks", "text": "BANGALORE: Embattled former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's bumpy comeback journey has run into a big hurdle. The Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee (CEC) on Thursday recommended that allegations of kickbacks levelled against him must be investigated. It hasn't recommended the nature of the inquiry.The SC will hear the case on April 11 and decide whether the CEC recommendations against Yeddyurappa hold water to order a probe.The CEC made the recommendation based on a 113-page document submitted by Dharwad-based Samaja Parivarthana Samudaya (SPS), an NGO which alleges that 12 firms and trusts owned by Yeddyurappa and his family have received Rs 6-crore kickbacks for 330-acre mining lease given to R Praveen Chandra in Chitradurga district in October 2010.SPS founder president S R Hiremath is also the main petitioner in the case filed before SC on illegal mining.According to the petitioner, Chandra allegedly paid the money because a company of which he was the promoter-director was allotted 100 acres of industrial land in Shimoga district's Machenahalli-Honnavile Industrial Area. Yeddyurappa allegedly granted mining lease to Chandra to extract iron and manganese ore on a 132.3-hectare land in Chitradurga district's Ramajjanahalli Kaval and Mallapura villages in Hosadurga taluk.Yeddyurappa had allegedly recommended mining lease for Chandra in a Sept 30, 2009 letter to the Union mines secretary and, subsequently, notified the grant of lease to the company on Oct 12, 2010, to the extent of 330 acres in two villages of Chitradurga district. In return, Bhagat Homes and Dhavalagiri Property Developers, owned by Yeddyurappa's family, allegedly received payments of Rs 2.5 crore and Rs 3.5 crore, respectively. The payments are shown in the balance sheets of the two companies, Hiremath alleged.On April 9, Yeddyurappa is expected to submit to the CEC his replies to about 500 questions on illegal mining, transportation of ore and fund transfer. The other respondents in the case - JSW and Adani Enterprises - will also submit their replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12462892", "title": "Times Impact: ST panel to probe tribal murder", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking suo motu cognizance of a TOI report, National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) team will visit Betul district of Madhya Pradesh on Friday to probe the murder of a tribal mother, who had protested against the rape of her school-going daughter.On March 28, TOI had reported that Imarti Bai, 50, was shot dead not just for protesting the rape of her daughter by a local goon, but for refusing to bow to their threats to back off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462301", "title": "128 sonography centres shut", "text": "NASHIK: The health department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has taken action against 128 sonography centres for illegal activities. There are 304 sonography centres within the limits of the municipal corporation. After getting a tip off about illegal activities being carried out by some of these centres, the health department launched a drive against it and took action after it found about these activities. At present, 128 sonography centres have been closed down.\"We have confiscated the equipment of five centres and have sealed eight centres. The rest 115 centres have surrendered, so at present only 176 centres are operational,\" NMC medical officer D B Patil said.On being asked if they had conducted a sting operation, he said that they tried one sting operation but were not successful. \"We had asked them to surrender on the backdrop of the government's determination to curb female foeticide by ensuring strict implementation of the Pre Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. Also lack of trained staff has been one of the criterion in carrying out with the de-recognition drive.The staff should have proper training, only then they should be managing the sonography centres,\" Patil said.He said that earlier gynaecologists and radiologists were permitted to have sonography centres but now only radiologists are given permission to run these centres. \"Also, NMC is the first in the state to deny permission to portable sonography centres. Taking a cue from this, the state government has decided to implement it in the entire state. The chief minister has informed about it to us through a letter,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462725", "title": "Malayalis prefer foreign vacations", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalis are no longer stingy when it comes to holiday planning. They are not restricting their holidays to the Indian subcontinent. Instead, locations in West Asia and South East Asia are emerging as favourite destinations, especially among Kochiites.Europe too is gaining popularity, but its higher price tag makes it affordable only to the affluent class. According to tour operators, the end of the examination season makes April, May and June the busiest months.\"So far, we have made nearly 500 bookings to locations like Singapore, Malaysia, Bangkok and Thailand. By the end of the season we expect 500 more. Middle class families are no longer denying themselves the pleasure of visiting a foreign destination, which 10 years ago would have been called an extravagance. The demand has increased tremendously, since recession,\" says Praveen P R, manager of Akbar Holydays Pvt Ltd. The ease with which a visa can be obtained for South East Asia, as compared to Europe, adds to the attraction, says Praveen.Other tour operators in the city say there has been a 10% increase in business in the past one year, and the demand is expected to rise in the coming weeks.A combined Singapore-Malaysia package of six days costs Rs 48,000, while a separate three-day trip to these destinations will cost Rs 24,000 each, per person. A three-day Thailand/Bangkok package comes to around Rs 28,000. European tours are focused on Switzerland, Germany, Paris and Italy. They are offered as combined and separate packages and cost more than Rs 1 lakh.\"I plan a trip once in two years. These days there isn't much difference in the cost of a tour within India or abroad,\" says Shyam Shankar, a Vaikom-based financier.Those above the age of 60 mainly opt for the holy land package, which takes them to Jordan, Israel, Palestine and Egypt through a 10-day tour, claims an operator.This Rs 65,000 per person package, which used to witness demand only during Easter and Christmas, is available throughout the year now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462135", "title": "China 'regrets' loss of innocent Tibetan lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: Asked about the death of a Tibetan protester after he attempted self-immolation here, China said on Thursday that it was \"regretful and mournful\" over the loss of innocent lives. The Chinese officials accompanying President Hu Jintao were quick to blame the Dalai Lama and other protesters for instigating extremist behaviour and fuelling unrest.\"We are regretful and mournful about the loss of lives. On the other hand, the Dalai Lama and so-called pro-independence elements are trying to push extreme and radical views and we are opposed to that,\" Luo Zhaohui, director general of China's department of Asian Affairs told reporters. \"This is not consistent with teachings of Buddhism and it (the protests) is aimed at political purposes,\" he added.He went on to add that the Chinese side appreciated the effective and concrete measures taken by the Indian government in \"overcoming the disruptions and the disturbances and in ensuring the safe and smooth holding of the (BRICS) summit meeting\".\"It is the commitment of the Indian government that it recognizes the Tibetan Autonomous Region as an inalienable part of territory of the Republic of China and that India will never allow any people to use India to engage in so called pro Tibetan activities,\" he said.\"We are regretful that the so called pro-Tibetan elements have created trouble for government of India,\" Luo said. Jamphel Yeshi, a 27-year-old Tibetan, died on Wednesday after setting himself afire to protest Hu's India visit for the BRICS summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12463244", "title": "IPS body not for induction of retired officers into cadre", "text": "JAISALMER: The members of Rajasthan IPS Association will meet in Jaipur on Friday to decide on a strategy to protest a recent decision of the Centre, wherein the officers of army and Central Police Organizations are to be inducted as IPS officers after passing an examination to be conducted by the UPSC. All IPS officers of Rajasthan cadre will attend the meeting.The home ministry has recently issued a notification saying that those retired from the ranks of Captain and Major in the Army and as assistant commandant or deputy commandant in Central Police Organizations like BSF, CRPF, ITBP, CISF and SSB can become IPS officers after clearing one Limited Competitive Exam (LCE).The first exam of LCE will be held on May 20 at seven centres in the country and online applications are to be filed till April 1.The decision, however, drew huge protests from IPS officers. IPS associations in many states have filed writ petitions in the respective high courts against the decision.Many IPS officers of Rajasthan said that the decision of the government was not at all practical. This would not only encourage groupism and lobbying but will also affect the work of police. The duty of army and paramilitary organizations is to guard the borders besides thwarting the activities of enemy, whereas the work of police is associated with common man.IPS training is also imparted on this line, while that was not given to army and paramilitary forces due to which they will face lot of problems in adjusting in the profession and general work will also get affected.Every year, 130 officers are selected in an IPS batch and if there is shortage of officers, then the government can change the rules and their number can be increased.Officers said that apart from this, if the government wants, then it can speed up the promotion process of IPS officers and can fill the vacant posts. This would give opportunities to state officers to become IPS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461922", "title": "Government\u2019s Shivaji Park move slammed", "text": "MUMBAI: Noise activists and citizens will apprise the environment ministry of the legalities concerning Shivaji Park after the state government on Wednesday assured political parties that it was committed to ensuring that the ground will be made available to them.Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav had told the legislative council that efforts were on to work around the Bombay high court ban on political rallies at the historic maidan.Ashok Ravat, trustee of the Wecom trust in Shivaji Park, who had succeeded in getting the area declared as a silence zone, said Wecom will soon take a delegation to the environment ministry to point out the legal facts concerning the maidan. \"If there is any judicial proceeding, we will intervene. As far as the provisions of noise rules are concerned, Rule V and Rule VI are clear about what is permitted in a silence zone. The definitions of religious places, courts, hospitals, clinics and educational institutes are clearly defined in the rules and therefore, we are confident that the law doesn't permit the concessions that the state government is seeking,\" said Ravat.Sumaira Abdulali, founder of Awaaz Foundation, said that the proposal to allow political rallies in their interest, but not necessarily in the interest of the public. \"They had made this proposal in 2010 to the environment ministry about relaxing the noise rules, which was turned down by the ministry at that time. Nothing has really changed. In fact, residents of Shivaji Park, Navi Mumbai, Thane and other parts of the city have shown that they actively support the noise rules,\" said Abdulali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464098", "title": "Ruckus over hike in fees in private schools", "text": "PATNA: The treasury bench, comprising ruling JD(U) and BJP MLAs, along with a sprinkling of Opposition party MLAs, in the state assembly on Thursday not only expressed agitated concern over alleged substantial increase in the school admission fees coupled with demand for capitation fees being made by managements of various private schools, but also demanded introduction of a Bill in the House so as to put a restrain on the managements of these schools in the state.Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, however, refused to buckle under the demands of the treasury bench for his immediate ruling on the matter, and stated that he has taken note of their concerns and would give his ruling on it \"in the next two days\".Earlier, JD(U) member of the House Manjit Kumar Singh raised the issue during zero hour stating that the managements of private schools have hiked the school admission fees by 40 per cent, and that they were also asking the harassed, anxious and helpless parents to deposit capitation fees whose quantum is over Rs 1 lakh.He also requested the Speaker to ask the government to bring a Bill in the House and frame a law so that unbridled increase in the school admission fees and the demand for the deposit of capitation fees asked for by the managements of these schools could be stopped. The JD(U) member, in the same vein, also said that both the House and the Speaker should take up the matter seriously, as the impossible situation has been not only affecting parents, in general, but was also acting as a deterrent for parents of children from poorer sections of society to send their wards to private schools for schooling.As the normal practice in the zero hour is, the question raised by Manjit could have gone unheeded by the government, except as a record for the pre-lunch session of the assembly, but other members of the House from the JD(U) and the BJP as well as a few others from the Opposition parties immediately took up the matter. They, in fact, were on their feet, and appealed to the Speaker to pay heed to the issue.Those who supported the demand of Manjit included senior members Sadanand Singh from the Congress and Amarendra Pratap Singh from the BJP, as well as Vikram Kunwar, Tar Kishore Prasad, both BJP, and Vinay Kumar Singh, JD(U), among others. Sadanand, referring to the report submitted by a House committee on the matter when he was Speaker of the state assembly, said that the report could be used as a reference.The Speaker, however, remained unmoved. When agitated members of the House pressed on and persisted with the issue, the Speaker said that he has taken note of it and would give his ruling on the matter in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463096", "title": "I used to call him lucky &amp; brainy chap, says Akhilesh's batchmate", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the news of Akhilesh Yadav becoming the youngest chief minister of the most populous state of the country sinks in, old friends are coming in numbers to hail the Samajwadi Party scion remembering the past where they shared a simple life.Neeraj Kumar is one such friend who shared a unique bond with Akhilesh. A classmate from the civil environmental engineering batch at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering, Mysore, Neeraj's examination roll number was in sequence with that of Akhilesh when they were pursuing their bachelor's degree.Neeraj remembers the bright boy sitting in front of whom he appeared all his engineering exams. \"Our admission numbers were in sequence. Mine was 2084 and his was 2085. Hence, even in exams, we used to sit mostly side-by-side,\" says Neeraj while talking to TOI from Kuwait. Neeraj left Mysore after completing his engineering and is now working in Kuwait.\"During college days, Akhilesh was more concerned about his studies. He used to come to my room almost daily for discussion. It never looked as if he would join politics some day. But yes, I could see his thinking and approach much different from others. I know palmistry a bit and have seen that he has double brain line (sharp minded person) and double fate line (very lucky person), which is normally not found in common hands. When I used to tell him a brainy and lucky chap, he used to laugh a lot,\" recalls Neeraj.\"We had a two column sitting style with the girls sitting on the left side. I and Akhilesh used to sit on the front bench of the right side. We named classmates as Black-diamond, Moti etc,\" adds Neeraj.Recalling Akhilesh's helping nature, Neeraj says although he didn't had a vehicle then, he was always at help when needed.Be it going to the railway station for pickup and drop or meeting a doctor during medical emergencies, Akhilesh was always present.\"Once we had a fight. Ratnesh and I took one side. It was maybe in our first year at college. The next day we had to go to the area where Akhilesh lives and we thought the fight may just continue there as well. But, to our surprise, he took us to a shop nearby and offered us ice-cream. We were left shocked and I still remember the irony,\" says Neeraj.\"After passing out from SJCE, I joined a chemical plant in Gajraula. Akhilesh came to my place and stayed there for almost a month learning how environment pollution is monitored and controlled in large operating companies. I remember in the evening, we used to watch Dharmendra's movies at Gajraula theatres.\"When asked about the state's youngest CM's love for nature, Neeraj says, \"His love and knowledge of environment issues will surely benefit UP and now being in power, he can surely help make the state a picturesque beauty. He is an educated politician and a born leader.\"After the stay at Gajraula, the two friends haven't met each other. Akhilesh went for higher studies to University of Sydney, Australia. Both used to write letters that are embedded in history now. \"I don't have any letter with me now as its almost 17 long years. But memories remain...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12465743", "title": "Five miscreants held in Bhavnagar", "text": "Rajkot: Five miscreants, who were creating nuisance in Bhavnagar for the past sometime, were arrested by police and produced before a local court on Thursday.Hanu Bharwad, Pintoo Kasotiya, Vipul Rajput, Tushar Trivedi and Tapu Maru were held from Bharatnagar area of Bhavnagar and booked under various Sections of the Indian Penal Code for their involvement in extortion, robberies, loots, dacoities etc. Police urged the court to remand them in custody for they needed to be interrogated in connection with several cases.\"We have lodged five complaints against the accused,\" superintendent of police, Bhavnagar, V Chandrashekar said.However, the court rejected the remand application of police. The accused were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12467345", "title": "Hearing in Sankararaman murder case adjourned to April 9", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: A local court today adjourned to April 9 hearing in the Sankararaman murder case in which Kanchi seers Jayendra Saraswathi and his junior Vijayendra Saraswathi are the prime accused.The hearing resumed today before the new Principal District and Sessions Judge C S Murugan as per the February 27 directives of the Madras High Court.Only five of the 24 accused were present in court today. The absentees included the two seers.The Judge then directed all the accused, including the two seers, to be present at the next hearing on April 9.Special Public Prosecutor N Devadoss said the date of commencement of arguments would be fixed after the briefing that day.Sankararaman, manager in Varadarajaperumal temple in Kancheepuram, was allegedly murdered on its premises on Sep 3 2004. The seers,who are among the 24 accused have been charged under Sec 120-B (criminal conspiracy) and 302 (murder) of IPC.Hearing has been stayed since Aug 25 2011 as per a Madras High Court order after advocate P Sundararajan's complaint that tapes with conversation between Jayendra Saraswathi and then trial judge T Ramasamy were available on CDs and a retrial should be ordered if these are proved genuine.A Division Bench of Madras High Court had on Feb 27 ordered resumption of the trial here and also directed the cyber crime branch of Tamil Nadu police to probe the CD tape issue.The High court recently transferred Ramaswamy and posted him as Principal District Judge at Perambalur in Tamil nadu and posted Murugan a former Principal District Judge at Dindigul (Tamilnadu) as Chief Judge of Puducherry.Judge Murugan assumed charge a few weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462578", "title": "Boy dies as truck rams schoolbus", "text": "KOLKATA: A nine-year-old boy was killed when a recklessly driven truck rammed his schoolbus head-on near a busy intersection in Ghola near Barasat on Thursday morning. Two schoolchildren and the bus driver were injured in the accident.Shouvik Paul, a Class-III student, had boarded the bus at Jogendranagar and taken his favourite seat behind the driver when the vegetable-laden truck came hurtling round the corner. It was 6.40am and the bus was picking up the morning shift students of Barrackpore Ramakrishna-Vivekananda Mission School. Police are looking for the truck driver. Shouvik is an only child.Police say that the schoolbus was standing near the intersection of Sodepur-Barasat Road and Dum Dum-Barrackpore Expressway as students were boarding it. \"There were 14 to 15 students in the bus when the accident occurred. Shouvik was alone on a window seat just behind the driver. The driver of the loaded truck lost control at the crossing when he took a right turn at high speed and rammed into the bus. The truck careened off and hit a roadside eatery as well,\" said Gopal Das, an eyewitness.Shouvik was thrown off his seat and dashed against an iron rod in the bus. He was badly injured in the head. The noise of the crash and the screams quickly drew a crowd. Some passersby took the injured to Panihati State General Hospital where Shouvik was declared dead on arrival. The two other students were discharged after first-aid but bus driver Arun Barua was admitted in a critical condition.As news of Shouvik's death broke, a pall of gloom descended on the Pyarabagan locality in Jogendranagar where he lived. His parents Swapan and Sabita Paul went into shock. Sabita had helped Shouvik on to the bus just minutes before he died. She fell unconscious on hearing the news.\"My son was to give his maths exam in school today. We can't believe he is no more. The killer truck driver should be punished,\" Swapan mumbled through tears.Locals alleged that there has been a spurt in fatal accidents because there aren't enough traffic policemen at the busy crossing. \"The Muragacha crossing of Dum Dum-Barrackpore Expressway and Sodepur-Barasat Road has been accident prone for quite some time but the police don't seem to be willing to find a solution. We have appealed several times to the district police headquarters and the Barrackpore commissionarate, but nothing has been done to stop the reckless driving that has taken so many lives,\" said Krishnendu Ghosh, a local resident and the father of a schoolmate of Shouvik.Police, however, say they are trying to make the crossing safer. \"Legal action to develop the traffic system at several busy crossings in Barrackpore subdivision has already been taken. The truck was seized and raids are being conducted to nab its driver,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12463436", "title": "Himachal Pradesh gives more teeth to Lokayukta", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh has finally prepared the draft of Himachal Pradesh Lokayukta Act, 2012, that gives more teeth to the Lokayukta as now it will have two more members besides an independent investigating agency. The state government is likely to bring a strong Lokayukta act before the assembly polls.As the draft has been issued to seek public suggestions and objections the final act is likely to have some changes according to the suggestions received from public. But the draft bill shows that government had made an effort to bring all public servants, elected representatives, including ministers and MLAs, officials from judicial service (except chief justice and judges of High Court), under the ambit of Lokayukta.For the first time Lokayukta office will have two more members besides the Lokayukta himself, who will be called as the chairperson. As per the draft bill, an investigation into any complaint would be completed in six months, hearing would be completed in one year and for this a special court would be set up.According to the draft bill, investigation and prosecution against high functionaries, including chief minister, cabinet ministers, speaker and deputy speaker of the state assembly, chief parliamentary secretary, parliament secretaries, any officer of the rank of secretary or above in state government and MLAs, could be initiated only after obtaining permission from the full bench. While in other cases no such permission would be required.It also envisages that the chairperson and members shall be appointed by the governor after obtaining the recommendations of a selection committee consisting of chief minister, who will be its chairperson, while leader of opposition in the assembly and the chief justice of Himachal Pradesh high court would be its members.The Lokayukta has also been given the power to create different wings to deal with different subjects like investigation and prosecution and grievances. He would have the power to decide time periods within which investigations and inquiries have to be completed; to provide for taking of certain decisions by appropriate benches of the Lokayukta by circulation only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12466837", "title": "Flop show in agriculture fair", "text": "Bokaro: An agricultural fair-cum-exhibition, organised by the district's agriculture department, jointly with Krishi Vigyan Kendra at Mazdoor Ground on Thursday, was a mega flop with very few people visiting it.The organizers blamed the heat for the low turnout. The villagers, apparently, could not find the venue which was at a distance from their villagers. Many administrative officers, including DC of Bokaro Sunil Kumar, did not visit thee fair.The fair was inaugurated by president of Zilla Parishad Mihip Singh while DDC Baldev Raj participated in the closing ceremony. Of the 34 stalls installed in the fair, only a dozen of them were found open while rest remained vacant. The organizers were seen bringing fruit vendors from the local fruit market to fill the empty stalls at the fair for its success.But unfortunately they also did not help in drawing the crowd. Surender Kumar, a fruit vendor at stall No. 5, said, \"I sell fruits at the market in front of City Centre. As I organised my makeshift shop in morning, the organizers pressurized me to come with them and they allotted me this counter in this fair here. With so few people, there is no business here,\" he said.However, majority of farmers who participated in the fair and displayed their vegetable products in exhibition said they had came after being promised lunch by organizers besides arrangement of vehicle for ferrying them. Rooplal, a farmer from Petarwar, said that he would not have come had the organizers not provided him meal and conveyance. The display at the stall of district fishery department was very dull as there was no water in the artificial pond constructed on the ground.District agriculture officer Vikas Kumar said that 125 farmers have been awarded for producing good and fresh vegetable, fruits and grains displayed at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461436", "title": "Patil supports National Counter-Terrorism Centre plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister R R Patil on Thursday came out in support of the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) initiated by the Centre to strengthen national security.Admitting that powers of the home ministers of states would be curtailed by the new policy, Patil said that the move was necessary to tackle security concerns. This is perhaps the first time the NCP, which is the constituent partner of the UPA-2, has come out in support of the NCTC.Replying to a discussion on the Naxal issue, which came into focus after 12 CRPF jawans were killed in Gadchiroli last week, Patil said, \"Time-bound answers to the problem have to be sought in the Mantralaya and the top echelons of the home department, and the chief minister's and the deputy chief minister's office should plan a fresh initiative.\"Patil hinted that mining companies could be supporting the Naxal movement. Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse of the BJP said SIMI was active in parts of northern Maharashtra such as Jalgaon. Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai echoed similar views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12463485", "title": "Himachal: Opposition legislators blame police inaction", "text": "SHIMLA: Cops were under fire from opposition legislators who raised the issue of police inaction and patronizing mafia while taking part in discussion on the cut motion on police and associated organizations brought by them. They questioned the decision of changing police uniform colour to blue from traditional khakhi.Congress MLA Mukesh Agnihotri said the state government, on July 23, 2008, gave its nod to change the colour of uniform but in another order issued on February 3, directed to change the colour back to Khakhi. Raising the issue of irregularities in shoe purchases, he demanded to know the compelling constraints due to which further action was not taken.He claimed that the traffic cops deployed in rural areas of his constituency made the life of villagers miserable. He said two truckloads of poppy husk enter his constituency every day and the poppy is sold locally but cops could not stop it. He said illegal timber is being smuggled to Punjab from Una district but no action was taken.Congress MLA Gangu Ram Musafir said the theft in temples of Sirmaur district have been reported but the culprits were never caught. He said the law and order situation has worsened.Congress MLA Harshvardhan Chauhan said mining and illegal liquor trade has taken the shape of organized crime as some cops facilitated the wrongdoers. He said between 2008 and 2011, the state registered 8,300 cases of illegal mining.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said the shoe purchase issue would be investigated. He said all police cases made against politicians on political grounds would be withdrawn.Referring to opposition allegations that an ADGP-rank official had written a letter to investigate the matter, Dhumal said the letter by ADGP seeking lodging of the FIR was not final due to rivalry between officials for seniority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "12465942", "title": "Now, a 'pad' revolution for Gujarat\u2019s rural women", "text": "Vadodara/Anand: It's a kind of 'pad' revolution that promises to change lives of lakhs of women in Gujarat. The Tribhuvandas Foundation (TF), started in the memory of Amul Dairy's founder chairman Tribhuvandas Patel, is taking up an ambitious project of providing sanitary pads to rural women folks to ensure improvement in their personal hygiene.It was after TF's representation that the Gujarat government recently reduced VAT on sanitary napkins from 15% to 5%. Now, the co-operative supported institution has found support from multi national Johnson &amp; Johnson which has agreed to provide branded sanitary pads at subsidized rates to TF.TF is targeting to cover 1.7 million population in 836 villages of Anand and Kheda districts through 18 centres through this project. \"One of the deadliest end results of the reproductive tract infection which is common among rural women who do not use sanitary pads, is cancer,\" says chief executive officer of TF Dr Viren Doshi. \"To ensure that women are made more aware about their personal hygiene and thereby reduce the risk of tract infection, we will be taking up this hygiene programme in mid April.\"Earlier, TF which has successfully attended 35,000 deliveries through its Matru Bal Arogya (Maternal and Child Health Service) programme, had even started a pad manufacturing unit with the help of a women's group and Gujarat government.\"This manufacturing unit has manually operated machines and with the cost of raw material, labour, per pad cost came to be around Rs three without any overheads. Hence, we started approaching major manufacturers seeking their help to provide economical sanitary pads to rural women since our target population was also huge,\" says Doshi.Johnson &amp; Johnson has agreed to provide its budget packet of eight pads of 'Stay Free' brand at Rs 12 to TF which otherwise costs Rs 22 at market price. \"This is a significant reduction. The pad distribution and the awareness for it will be carried out by us under menstrual hygiene programme by our 18 centres in 18 talukas of Anand and Kheda districts,\" adds Doshi, who believes that some tangible results will come out of the project by end of one year.Amul Dairy, which has supported the project, says that the sanitary pad project would change the mindset of women folks. \"We have been focusing on personal hygiene in all of our farmer members to ensure cleanliness in milk production at their homes/farms. The first step was low cost toilets which we have aggressively implement and built more than 5,500 toilets in one year while we target to build 20,000 toilets in coming two to three years,\" says Amul Dairy's managing director Rahul Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461833", "title": "High Court: Police stations have become morgues", "text": "MUMBAI: Police stations have become morgues, the Bombay high court observed on Thursday when told about two custodial deaths in a month's gap at the Central police station in Ulhasnagar, Thane district, last year.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a public interest litigation filed by social activist Hardas Tharwani regarding the death of 34-year-old Sunil Shelke.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol told the court that the initial post-mortem report said death was due to poisoning but the viscera report differed. A second opinion by JJ Hospital doctors confirmed that Shelke died of poisoning. Pol said the state CID is investigating the case . \"Police stations are becoming like morgues from where dead bodies (sic) are coming out. Here, instead of coming out alive, his (Shelke's) dead body (sic) came out,\" said Majmudar.The judges questioned how Shelke was detained under non-cognisable offence of Section 151 (preventive arrest) of the Criminal Procedure Code. \"He was not a hardened criminal. In police station, if you kill somebody, it's worse than murder,'' said Justice Majmudar.Tharwani's advocate Jaywant Chandnani submitted that in the same police station, another man died in custody a month earlier. On Tharwani's PIL, the court was informed by CID that seven cops have been booked.The judges said it is unfortunate that a young man died in prison in a unnatural manner. They said higher police \"should not sleep'' if someone has lost life in custody and should take the matter very seriously. \"Police are meant to protect lives of citizens. In our opinion, such persons are required to be hanged. No mercy is required to be shown,\" said Justice Majmudar.When Pol told the court that a constable has been suspended, the judges called it \"an eyewash'' and said \"even the higher officers should be subject to inquiry and their conduct thoroughly examined''. Observing that the court cannot be a mute spectator, the judges have directed the director general of police and secretary (home) to take \"remedial measures and strict action against officers''. They also directed the probe report be placed before the court at the next hearing.Cases in pointApril 11, 2011: Sunil Shelke and his brother summoned to the police station on his wife's complained. He was asked to give in writing that he will not trouble his wife. When he refused, they were arrested and beaten. Around 10.45 pm, Shelke began vomiting blood. He was taken to a hospital and brought back within an hour. Around 2 am, he started feeling uneasy and died.March 2, 2011: Narayan Rathod (38), an alleged murder suspect, was illegally detained without any competent court's order. There were 25 injuries on his body. Following the PIL, seven policemen were booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder and causing grievous hurt to extort confession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466257", "title": "Goutam Halder's 'Nana Range Rabi' play", "text": "Theatre lovers were in for a treat on Saturday evening as Goutam Halder and his team presented a rare synthesis of songs, acting and dance at Madhusudan Mancha.\" Nana Range Rabi\", with its smart presentational style, created theatre out of Tagore's poetry.Conforming to the traditional storytelling narrative pattern, Kathakata, it also incorporated other popular and Western form of movements along with folk tunes and fused them into an organic whole.Talking about the production, Goutam said, \"It is a unique theatrical performance suffused with poetry and short plays as text of theatre. In short, a production in which physicality, visuality and musicality coexist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12463868", "title": "First cancer encyclopedia ups hope for new drugs", "text": "LONDON: The first \"book of cancer knowledge\" detailing how hundreds of cancer cells respond to anti-cancer agents has been published, which scientists say will speed up the search for new cancer drugs.The cancer \"encyclopedia\" is a step towards tailoring cancer medicine to a patient's genetic profile.In the field of cancer research, scientists have so far grown a number of cancer cells in the lab that allowed them to study the effect of new cancer drugs on humans. Now, a team at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute near Cambridge and various cancer institutes around the world have released two papers cataloguing data on hundreds of cancer cell lines, the BBC reported.The team screened more than 600 cancer cell lines with 130 drugs, identifying genetic signatures linked with drug sensitivity. Already clues are emerging that could be of benefit to patients, including the discovery that a rare bone cancer in children.Mathew Garnett of the Sanger Institute, lead author of one paper, said, \"It's bringing together very large and powerful data sets and asking which cell line is the most sensitive and what is behind that sensitivity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463137", "title": "Strict action on celebratory firing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a serious note of news report related to celebratory firing leading to the death of two youngsters in Barabanki, the state home department on Thursday issued directives to all the district police chiefs to initiate stringent action against those behind such irresponsible acts. Recently, the newly formed Samajawadi Party had come under criticism for its supporters resorting to celebratory firing to welcome MLAs and newly sworn-in ministers.The home department is learnt to have directed the district police chiefs to keep a tab on the follow-up penal action against the accused in such cases and initiate proceedings for the cancellation of licenses of the fire arms used in the incident on the day of the incident itself.Firing in air from licensed as well as illegal firearms during marriages and other celebrations is common across UP, particularly in the western region. In a state where possessing a licensed firearm is a status symbol, incidents of innocents falling prey to such reckless firing have registered a sharp increase in recent years.As per the provisions, apart from a criminal case slapped on the accused for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, death due to negligence, injuries due to negligence or causing nuisance in public places as provided in the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The police can recommend immediate cancellation of the licence as well. Cases of accidental deaths during firing in weddings and victory processions of newly-elected MLAs have recently come to the fore, pushing the government into action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462548", "title": "Fire at office building in city", "text": "KOLKATA: A major fire broke out in a multi-storeyed building on Chowringhee Road on Thursday evening when dozens of people were till working there - the third fire in the city in less than 10 days.Thursday's fire started on the top floor of a 10-storeyed building near Rabindra Sadan. The building houses private firms, including the office of an English daily. Around 7pm, security personnel noticed thick smoke billowing out of the 10th floor and raised the alarm.There were people on three floors. It was peak time at the seventh-floor newspaper office. There were students at a coaching centre on the first floor and some private firm staff on the third floor. Power supply was disconnected and the building evacuated. It took eight fire tenders around 90 minutes to control the fire.An official said the fire broke out in a closed office on the 10th floor but some employees of the building say it was an advertisement agency's office.The firemen stopped the flames from spreading to the other floors and there was no casualty. But it did cause a traffic snarl on the busy JL Nehru Road in peak hour. Additional police teams were sent to control traffic flow.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee visited the site. when the firefighting was still on. Khan said that the CM praised the firemen and disaster management personnel and announced rewards of Rs 1000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12466767", "title": "CM appoints doctors to serve rural population", "text": "Ranchi: Health services in the state are likely to get a new fillip with 388 regular doctors being appointed and posted in rural parts of the state. Appointment letters were handed over to the doctors by chief minister Arjun Munda at a function organized by state health department and Jharkhand Rural Health Mission (JRHMS) at the Reproductive and Child Health Centre, Namkum on Thursday.Handing over the appointment letters to the doctors, Munda said that the government has decided to post the doctors in rural areas to address the issue of shortage of health professionals in these areas. \"People living in the urban areas have access to government and private health facilities but in the rural areas, people are dependent on government hospitals alone and absence of doctors make life miserable for them,\" he said. Admitting that most of the centrally-sponsored health schemes and initiatives taken by the state government fail to yield results, he said, that once the vacant positions are filled up the onus lies on the health department to ensure that the newly-appointed doctors serve the rural population.During the function, Munda launched a Sahiya website and issued identity cards to Sahiya Sathi. \"Sahiya sathi would obtain an honorarium of Rs 1500 per month and in turn guide and train the sahiyas elected by the gram sabha,\" said NRHM state mission director Aradhna Patnaik.Munda released a quarterly health report of the JRHMS \"Hamaar Swasthya' and another guidebook for the members of panchayati raj institution to help them participate in the health schemes.In yet another programme, organized at the same venue, Munda gave away awards to 48 sahiyas, two each from every district, five assistant nurses and midwives and six surgeons for their commendable contribution in implementing NRHM policies.Institute of the public health convention centre and hostel for JRHMS were also inaugurated by Munda. The institute would train medical officers, grade-A nurses and other health professionals from time to time.\"The hostel has 42 rooms where the trainees can put up during the course of their training,\" Patnaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463487", "title": "Mangalore, Mysore students top RGUHS ranks", "text": "BANGALORE: Students from Mangalore and Mysore have jointly grabbed this year's top two medical ranks in RGUHS while Keerthi P Hudedagaddi from MS Ramaiah Medical College, Bangalore, has got the third spot.Vishwajeeth K Pai from AJ Institute of Medical Sciences, Mangalore, and Joshi Anum Bharat from AB Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences, Mangalore, bagged the first rank with eight gold medals each. Pooja Prakash Prabhu of JSS Medical College, Mysore, came second with four gold medals.They will receive their medals and certificates on Saturday at RGUHS' 14th annual convocation. Former President APJ Abdul Kalam , the chief guest, will give away 80 gold medals to 49 students. Nineteen candidates will get PhD degrees.Bangalore gold medallists* U Subramanya, Command Hospital Air Force; Sripathi Kamath B, St John's Medical College; Khumbongmayum Chetanmala Devi, Padmashree College of Nursing; Akriti Kafle, Krishna Rukmini College of Nursing; M Sree Kiran, MS Ramaiah Medical College; Shashidhar A, Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences; Sobana B, MS Ramaiah Medical College; Ankur Talwar, Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences; Shah Alok Girish, Maruthi College of Dental Sciences; Rashmi K, The Oxford Dental College; Dhage Aditi Shrikrishna, The Oxford Dental College; Sushma Mehta, Dental College; Gajera Kinjal Jamanlal,. Kalabhyraveshwara Swamy Institute of Ayurvedi Medical College; T Anand Kumar, Acharya BM Reddy College of Pharmacy; Nitesh Ghosh, Padmashree Institute of Physiotherapy; Sarita Shrestha, College of Nursing.Bangalore University finalizes convocation dateAfter much dilly-dallying, Bangalore University has finally decided to hold its 47th annual convocation on April 12. It'll be at Jnana Jyothi auditorium, Palace Road, Central College , at 11am. MR Srinivasan, former chairman, Atomic Energy Commission, will be the chief guest.List of students for the award of gold medalDr. U Subramanya, Command Hospital Airforce, Bangalore.Dr.Sripathi Kamath B,St. Johns Medical College, Bangalore.Dr. Shefeeq Sheikh, Yenepoya Medical College, Mangalore.Dr. Sajeer Muhamed Usman, Yenepoya Medical College, Mangalore.Khumbongmayum Chetanmala Devi, Padmashree College of Nursing, BangaloreAkriti Kafle, Krishna Rukmini College of Nursing Bangalore.Dr. M. Sree Kiran, M.S Ramaiah Medical College, BangaloreDr. Swetha Jambunath Gowda, J.J.M Medical College, Davangere.Dr. Shashidhar A, Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences, Bangalore.Dr. M.Shwetha Shenoy, K.S Hedge Medical Academy, Mangalore.Dr. Balachandra Bhat, M.R Medical College, Gulbarga.Dr. Guruprasath S, Government Medical College, Mysore.Dr. Sobana B, M.S Ramaiah Medical College Bangalore.Dr. Ankur Talwar, Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences, Bangalore.Dr. Sujatha A, Bapuji Dental College and Hospital, Davanagere.Dr. Bhad Kaustubh Mohanbai , College of Dental Sciences, Davangere.Dr. Shah Alok Girish, Maruthi College of Dental Sciences, Bangalore.Dr. Seevijayabala G, College of Dental Sciences Davangere.Dr. Rashmi K, The Oxford Dental College, Bangalore.Dr. Dhage Aditi Shrikrishna The Oxford Dental College Bangalore.Atoori Ashwitha, Srinivasa College of Physiotherapy Mangalore.Dr. Nivedita, Government Medical College, Mysore.Dr. Mubeenara Quazi, Belgaum Institute of Medical Sciences, Belgaum.Dr. Deepa Swaminathan, K.V.G Medical College, Sullia.Dr. Ankita, D.A Pandu R.V Dental College, Bangalore.Dr. Twisha Adlakha, SDM College of Dental Sciences and Hospital Dharwad.Dr. Ivaturi Anupama, SDM College of Dental Sciences and Hospital Darwad.Dr. Sushma Mehta, Dental College Bangalore.Dr. Patil Tanvi Anand, Bapuji Dental College and Hospital, Davangere.Dr. Patil Tukaram Panduranga, Shirkoli Homoeopathic Medical College, Belgaum.Dr. Gajera Kinjal Jamanlal, Sri. Kalabhyraveshwara Swamy Institute of Ayurvedi Medical College, Bangalore.Dr. Rachana Rai, Sri .D.M College of Naturopathy and Yogic Sciences, Ujire.T Anand Kumar, Acharya B.M Reddy College of Pharmacy, Bangalore.Nitesh Ghosh, Padmashree Institute of Physiotherapy, BangaloreDiana Pinto, Shanthaveri Gopal Gowda Nursing College, MysoreNengneihat, SEA College of Nursing, BangaloreSarita Shrestha, College of Nursing, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462599", "title": "Parents not sure if it\u2019s Vishwa in CCTV footage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three days back, it was the first probable evidence that came to city crime branch in form of CCTV footage. The footage showed a thin girl with a book in her hand crossing a street on Vejalpur road. According to investigators, the girl might be Vishwa Patel, 12, missing for more than two months now. However, her parents are now in doubt whether the girl is indeed Vishwa or not.On Thursday, her parents met the crime branch officials and shared their doubts. Suresh Patel, her father, said that they showed the clip to Premilaben Shah, his neighbour, who saw Vishwa last on January 27 afternoon at a wedding function, who dismissed the claim that the girl in clip is Vishwa. Talking to media, she said that she had seen Vishwa in a sleeveless pink dress when she came down for the marriage function. \"However, the girl shown in the clip has worn a very different dress and it is definitely a full-sleeve one. Moreover, the hairstyle is different. Vishwa has a wavy and curly hair whereas the girl in the clip has straighter locks,\" she said.The biggest difference, however, comes in the form of timing. \"The clip shows time around 1.10 pm but Vishwa went missing after 1.15 pm as per eye-witnesses. Thus, we are not sure. The girl in the clip has a book-like object in her hand whereas Vishwa did not have anything when she was seen last. We have conveyed these points to the officials,\" said Patel.It would come as a disappointment for crime branch as they had ruled out the possibility of Vishwa's abduction. The CCTV footage was procured by the investigators from a construction site near her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461719", "title": "Medicos protest re-exam fee of Rs75K per subject", "text": "NAGPUR: Students of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences (NKPSIMS) and their parents met Vidya Shikshan Prasarak Mandal (VSPM) chairman Ranjeet Deshmukh at his residence on Thursday to demand rollback of the huge increase in exam fees. The parents did not accept a proposal by Deshmukh to reduce the fees by 50%. They are now planning to approach medical education secretary IS Chahal and medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit to intervene on their behalf.Students claim that earlier the re-exam fee for failed students was Rs 25,000 per subject for first and final year students, while second and third year students were not charged any fee. But the college put up a notice on Monday raising this fee to Rs 76,000 for first year and Rs 58,000 for final year students. The college also introduced fee for second and third year students at Rs 62,000 and Rs 83,000 per subject. \"The fee for all the years is too high, so we decided to take it up with the college and higher authorities,\" said a student.Some of the parents refused to be identified, but told TOI that Deshmukh had agreed to reduce the fees by 50% however the amount was still too high. They said the fee was still beyond the reach of most parents and hence they had decided to approach higher authorities.\"My ward has not taken admission through management quota. We belong to ST category and so admission was free. We can't pay such exorbitant fees. We have faxed a letter to the secretary and minister, and hope they will intervene in our favour,\" said a parent.The students said that they had met the dean on the issue, who fixed a meeting with Deshmukh in the Sitabuldi office. But no one was available in the premises at the specified time, so the group of around 75 persons went to Deshmukh's residence.After a lot of negotiations, he agreed to reduce the fees by 50%, which was not acceptable to the guardians. \"Management claims that they are charging the exam fees (re-examination fees for failed students) as per Shikshan Shulka Samiti (SSS) norms. But if that was so, how are other colleges charging just Rs 5,000 per subject. Also, how could management reduce the fees by 50% if the amount was fixed by SSS,\" asked a student.VSPM treasurer Ashish Deshmukh told TOI that the college was charging far lower fee than other private colleges. \"I have not spoken to my father yet, but I gather that he has agreed to make the fees Rs 35,000,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466731", "title": "No skimpy outfits for Tapsee", "text": "Actor Tapsee Pannu is much in demand these days.Apart from having some big ticket flicks in her kitty, the lovely lady is quite sought after for dance numbers as she brings about much oomph and glam to the screen.The actor, we hear has become quite choosy about not just her roles, but also the clothes she wears on screen. Recently while shooting for a song sequence in \" Daruvu\" which stars Ravi Teja, the actor threw a fit and refused to wear a bikini blouse with her saree.Meanwhile the costume department had to make changes to the outfit for the tribal number she was supposed to perform in.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12466602", "title": "Govindpura factory fire destroys goods worth lakhs of rupees", "text": "BHOPAL: A fire broke out at a factory in Govindpura area late on Wednesday. It took a dozen fire tenders hours to bring the situation under control. There were no reports of death or injury in the incident.A short-circuit was believed to be the cause of the fire, in which goods worth lakhs of rupees were destroyed.The Ashoka Garden police said the fire broke out in a carton factory at the Govindpura Industrial area. Some local residents spotted flames leaping out of the factory, subsequently, they informed the fire brigade. Thick black smoke was seen billowing out of the factory.Initially, a few fire tenders were rushed to the spot. When the situation could not be brought under the control, more fire tenders were rushed to the spot.Efforts are being made to ascertain the exact cause of the incident and the loss, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466290", "title": "Sudeep dives back into work post illness", "text": "South actor Sudeep, who was out of action for over two weeks due to illness, has returned to back-to-back shoots and other film commitments.The actor, who tested negative for illness like Typhoid and Malaria etc, had apparently fallen ill because of stress caused due to over-work.\"I returned to the sets this Monday. It's going to be a hectic few weeks ahead as a lot of my work has been delayed because I had fallen ill. There's a lot of catching up to do,\" says the actor, who is currently shooting for the Kannada film Varadhanayaka, which also stars actress Sameera Reddy.In addition to commitments within the Kannada film industry, the actor is looking forward to the release of his bilingual - Eega. The heavily animated film is scheduled to hit the screens in Telugu and Tamil by mid-April. \"There's a bit of travelling on the cards.Apart from shoots abroad, I will be visiting Hyderabad for the music launch of Eega soon. There will be a launch in Chennai as well,\" says Sudeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467058", "title": "Tusshar, Jeetendra defend Ram-Sakshi smooch scene", "text": "Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar smooched and executed an intimate scene in the TV serial Bade Achhe Lagte Hain on Sony TV. The scene didn't seem to have gone down well with most of the audience and especially the critics who have slammed the act that was meant to be for 'family audiences'.However, the romantic scene between Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar upped the TRPs and was the most trending topic on social networking sites. While many were shocked and wide-eyed with the boldness of the scene, producer Ekta Kapoor's father, actor Jeetendra and her broth, Tusshar Kapoor were only too happy to take Ekta's side.At the Global Indian Television Honours, Jeetendra confessed that he didn't think there was anything wrong with the scene. He said that if a husband and wife get together after six months, such passion was bound to be there. Also, the veteran actor said that the scene was quite subtle and there was no reason to create such a brouhaha around it.Tusshar Kapoor, too, was all for Ektaa Kapoor and said that he didn't mind the 'shock factor'. He looked at the glass half-full and said that it was important to break certian norms and stereotypes once in a while. The actor thought to the scene to be well within the limits of decency and didn't quite care about the critics who didn't have too many good things to say about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12462998", "title": "Daulatabad substation capacity to be raised", "text": "GURGAON: The power department has decided to increase the capacity of the Daulatabad power substation by 100MVA. This would cut down power tripping and fluctuation, especially in the old city.The plant currently has a capacity of 220kV. The department is working on different projects to reduce the power cuts in the summer months.According to the officials, the 220kV Daulatabad station is currently supplying 66kV power to seven substations which include Sector 2, Sector 23, Maruti substation, Sector 9, Harsaru and Farukhnagar. These seven substations at present have too much of load which increases further in the summer season with the increasing demand, thereby resulting in tripping and breakdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12463030", "title": "Survey reveals unhealthy tales", "text": "A survey conducted in five panchayats of Chinhat block of Lucknow has revealed that unhygienic practices among menstruating women is the main cause of reproductive tract infection which, apart from other health complications, may lead to infertility. Conducted among 1,140 stakeholders, including girls, women, male, frontline workers, teachers and doctors, the statistics show that 88% of the respondents knew unhygienic practices lead to health hazards.\"Adolescent girls of today will be mothers tomorrow and health of a mother directly affects the baby. Therefore, improvement in hygiene is essential for safer future,\" said Dr Neelam Singh, women and child health expert, under whose supervision the study was conducted by Vatsalya and Wateraid. Out of these, only 26% exactly knew that such practices are responsible for RTI and 4% knew it is a big reason for infertility.The study also found that only 6.9% of menstruating women use sanitary napkins.The reason: poverty and lack of awareness. Many girls said they don't go to school during menstruation because of lack of proper sanitary facilities.The study also highlighted that only 26.4% of female respondents have toilets at home. The Union health ministry had sanctioned Rs 150 crore scheme, Promotion of menstrual hygiene among adolescent girls, to increase the availability and use of napkins among adolescent girls in rural areas. It was to be implemented in 13 districts of UP but has not started as yet. However, things can be changed by spreading awareness through frontline health workers.Ram Navami: Ram Navami will be celebrated, on April 1 at Ram Mandir, Baradari Asharfabad. A procession will also be taken out, starting from Baradari Asharfabad and passing through Girdhari Singh Inter College, Dindayal Road, Tulsidas Marg, Bazaar Khala, Triveniganj and Naubasta to end at Baradari Asharfabad.Science lecture concludes: The four-day long 'Planet under pressure-2012' at regional science city concluded on Thursday. Chief guest of the valediction function was Prof VK Joshi, ex-director, Geological Survey of India, Lucknow. Prof Joshi delivered a popular science lecture on 'Planet under pressure', highlighting the factors that affect life on earth like water, energy, climate change, food, pollution and biodiversity.Paper re-scheduled: Due to unavoidable circumstances, the B Sc (I) Physics first paper, second paper and third paper examinations which were due on March 30, April 2 and 4 have been re-scheduled on May 5, May 10 and May 12 respectively.Exhibition: An exhibition of artworks of Lalit Kala Akademi Research Scholars, which include paintings, graphic prints, sculpture and ceramics would be inaugurated at its galleries in Aliganj on March 31.Bhajan sandhya: A bhajan sandhya was held at Kangaroo Kids campus in Gomtinagar on Thursday. People from different age-groups attended the musical evening in which singers sang a number of devotional songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463217", "title": "3-day theatre fest kicks off to mark Rajasthan Day celebrations", "text": "JAIPUR: On the occasion of Rajasthan Day Celebrations, a three-day theatre festival began on Thursday at the Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK). The fest's opening play 'Ek Tha Gadha', written by Sharad Joshi and directed by actor-playwright Ashok Rahi, was a political satire.The play revolves around a 'nawab' who intends to become popular and famous using short-cuts like any dictator.Sharad Joshi has drawn on his vast experience as a newspaper columnist to skillfully highlight the quagmire of politics where an individual is reduced to a mere statistical number. The 'nawab' in this play is surrounded by his band of sycophants.The town is awakened by the cries of one 'Juggan Dhobi' (a washerman) who mourns the death of his dear 'Aladad Khan'. Seeing this as an opportunity to gain popularity, the nawab chalks out a plan. He declares a state mourning for Aladad Khan, a commoner. What follows is a comedy of errors that reflects current political scenario.On Friday, theatre enthusiasts can watch 'Chinta Chhod Chintmani', a play by Om Katare of Yatri Theatre, while 'Behad Nafrat Ke Dino Main' by Sabir Khan of Sarthak Theatre will be staged on Saturday.The 'shilpgram' at the JKK too has been a huge hit with Jaipurites. Craftsmen from various parts of the state have put on display various ethnic products that range from hand-woven garments to colourful bangles for youngsters. The apparel section has stocks of Barmeri embroidery to Katha work. In the decorative items section, one can check out blue pottery and marble items with gold work, along with wall hangings with embossed paintings. This apart, the food festival is another attraction at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12463242", "title": "CBI moves high court against Indra Bishnoi", "text": "JODHPUR: CBI moved yet another application in the Rajasthan High Court on Thursday seeking compliance of the court's order, in which it had ordered Indra Bishnoi, through his counsel, to appear before the court on March 5 in the Bhanwari Devi case.Indra Bishnoi had challenged her arrest warrant issued by the CBI court. Admitting this petition, the high court had stayed the arrest warrant with an order that she appeared before the CBI on March 5. Though, her petition was later dismissed by the court on March 3 after a division bench of the high court had disposed of the habeas corpus filed by Amarchand, husband of Bhanwari Devi, but Indra did not appear before the CBI as ordered on March 5.The counsel of Indra, suspecting her arrest after the filing of the charge-sheet by the CBI, had sought exemption from her arrest, upon which the court had advised her to go for anticipatory bail in appropriate court and dismissed the existing petition before it. No subsequent action, however, was taken by her thereafter.In what can be termed as yet another tactic to build pressure on Indra to make her surrender, CBI has moved this new application under Section 482 of the CrPC seeking the court to ensure compliance of its earlier order asking her to appear before the CBI.Meanwhile, the team of CBI, investigating the missing nurse case has not yet arrived back in Jodhpur for winding up the investigation. However, three officials including an inspector have returned. A source said that the CBI is going to celebrate its foundation day on March 31 and the entire team will be back in Jodhpur only after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462909", "title": "Road-robber gang busted, four held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of road robbers was busted and four people were nabbed for looting people in Delhi and NCR. The accused, Babu Ram (40), Arjun (29), Suraj Pal (41) and Dharambir (32), used to offer lifts to hitchhikers late at night and loot them after threatening them at gunpoint.The west district police arrested the accused from Karampura on Wednesday. An Indica, 35 bags, six mobile phones, one country-made pistol and three knives were seized from them. The ganglord, Babu Ram, has been jailed many times before, police said.Several incidents of road robberies were being reported recently from many areas of Delhi. A team led by inspector Rajkumar, the station house officer of the Moti Nagar police station, said the gang was targeting people waiting for conveyance in remote areas. \"The gang would offer lifts to such people and in case the victim resisted, they would rob him forcibly,\" said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (west).\"They come from poor families. Neighbours Babu Ram and Dharambir worked as AC mechanics while Arjun and Suraj Pal were drivers. Not happy with their income, the four friends decided to earn easy money by robbing people,\" said Renganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461722", "title": "Press Club to honour scribes on May 5", "text": "MUMBAI: The Press Club, Mumbai, will honour outstanding journalists from across the country on May 5. Awards will be presented to promote and encourage best practices in journalism, including ethical standards, balanced reportage and quality writing.Continuing the tradition of recognizing talent across spectra, some categories have been added this year, including excellence in cricket writing, politics, business, health and environment.A lifetime achievement award will for the first time honour a scribe who has been an asset to the industry over a sustained period of time.Applications should reach the Press Club office by April 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "12466949", "title": "Brahmos missile with new systems test-fired", "text": "BALASORE: India today test-fired the Brahmos supersonic cruise missile with certain new systems from the Integrated Test Range at Chandipur off Odisha coast.The test comes two days after defence scientists conducted a similar trial from the same site.\"The missile was test fired from a ground mobile launcher from the launch complex-3 of the ITR at about 1000 hours,\" a senior official said.The supersonic missile, which has a flight range of up to 290 km, is capable of carrying a conventional warhead of 200 to 300 kg.\"Today's launch was a developmental trial of the land version of Brahmos incorporating certain new systems,\" A Sivathanu Pillai, CEO and Managing Director of the 'Brahmos Aerospace', an Indo-Russian joint venture company developing the missile system, told PTI.\"We are analysing the data received from various telemetry systems that tracked the missile,\" Pillai said.The exact results would be ascertained after a thorough analyses, he said.The trial was significant as it was conducted two days after a similar test fire of the cruise missile from the same site on March 28, a defence scientist said.The cruise missile, a surface-to-surface land version, was test-fired in the presence of scientists of the Defence Research Development Organisation, an official said.The two-stage missile, the first one being solid and the second one ramjet liquid propellant, has already been inducted into the Army and Navy, he said.While induction of the first version of the Brahmos missile system in the Indian Navy commenced from 2005 with INS Rajput, it is now fully operational with two regiments of the Indian Army.The air and submarine launch versions of the missile system are in progress, said the official.The Army has so far placed orders for the Brahmos missile to be deployed by three regiments of the Army and two of them have already been inducted operationally.The Defence Ministry has also given a go-ahead to the Army to induct a third regiment equipped with the missile system to be deployed in Arunachal Pradesh along the China border.'Brahmos Aerospace' is also working to develop the air as well as the submarine launch version of the missile system and work on the project is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12465980", "title": "Car carrying Rs two crore seized near Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A car carrying over Rs two crore was on Friday seized from the outskirts of Ranchi, police said.\"The car carrying over Rs two crore was seized near Namkum. The owner of the car is said to be from a sponge iron factory in Jamshedpur,\" Senior Superintendent of Police Saket Kumar Singh told PTI.The car was seized during a joint operation by the police and IT sleuths.Asked whether there were any names of important persons found in the car, Singh said investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12466646", "title": "District hospitals asked to open swine flu OPDs", "text": "BHOPAL: After the death of a patient in the state capital the other day, who had tested positive for swine flu, the health department directed all district hospitals in the state to open a dedicated swine flu OPD.During the current year only 12 samples of swine flu have been tested in entire state this year. The experts recommend more preemptive testing to avoid an outbreak like the one in 2009, when 139 swine flu deaths had taken place.\"Care need to be taken and sufficient medicines are available,\" said Additional Director of Health Services Dr K K Thassu. Currently, swine flu test is conducted for 'C' category patients (with severe respiratory distress) only.Health officials maintain that as per guidelines, samples from patients diagnosed as categories 'A' (mild fever, cough, sore throat, diarrhoea) and 'B' (High grade fever, vomiting, chronically ill) are not sent for swine flu testing.However, earlier in the day, panic gripped the Hamidia and JP hospitals OPD when dozen's with common cough and cold turned up for check-up suspecting swine-flu infection. However, after a medical check up, they were told that it was common cough and cold and no need to panic for the flu. Meanwhile, the specialised 10-bedded swine flu ward at Hamidia hospital and 5-bedded ward at JP hospital have now been sterilized.Only 12 samples were sent for swine flu tests from Bhopal this year at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC), Jabalpur. \"It takes an average of 6 hours for testing, after the sample reaches the laboratory,\" said RMRC swine flu specialist Dr P V Prade.\"Testing of more samples should be undertaken to detect cases,\" said a private medical practitioner. \"The treatment for swine flu is symptomatic but early detectiion is the key,\" he added.The occurrence of swine flu in the heat of March is prompting experts for relook into the behaviour of the flu, which until now was known for spreading in cool temperature. \"It could be that the virus has developed a resistance, it should be investigated,\" said a government medical practitioner, seeking anonymity.Chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla reiterated that the health authorities are on guard.District epidemiologist Dr Rashi Jain, who was herself infected with the virus in 2010 said that the emergency hotline has been in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12465491", "title": "City gasps for some fresh air", "text": "VARANASI: How can the millennia-old city retrieve its greenery amidst towering structures and changing landscape when around 100 parks under the Varanasi Nagar Nigam are struggling for development? While the gravity of the situation is evident in the vanishing greeneries from the parks located in residential colonies, with most of them turning into playgrounds, the threat of city choking on pollution due to lack of green cover is also looming large.The official figures of VNN office may say there are 65 developed parks with boundary walls, fencing and greenery in the city, but the ground reality is very different. Only limited areas, including premises of BHU , DLW and portions of Cantonment, have some greenery left, the remaining city has converted into a jungle of concrete.When TOI tried to take stock of the situation on Thursday, it was realised that there was a need for strong public support and active role of VNN and VDA if the city wished to retrieve its greenery. There was hardly any greenery at parks in Koshlesh Nagar while another park in neighbouring Saket Nagar had turned into a dumping ground of waste.\"We have written a number of letters to the authorities in VDA and VNN, but none of them have come forward to provide protection and ensure maintenance of this 20-year-old park. The VDA still considers the colony as unauthorised while VNN turns its back saying that maintenance can be done only after it is regularised and handed over to it by the VDA. How can a colony be unauthorised if we are paying house and water taxes? Even the roads in the colony have been recently constructed by the local MLA,\" said Sudeshna Vajpayee, one of the residents of Koshlesh Nagar.While some residents tried to maintain the park by planting saplings along with tree guards, the anti-social elements uprooted the saplings, cut down the trees and also broke the walls besides damaging the gates and railings of the fencing to get safe and free passage to the park. \"We only want protection in the park so that greenery can be restored. If it is done, it would be a great relief to the residents, who are struggling to get some fresh air,\" said the young resident of the locality.However, when vice chairman of VDA RP Goswami was contacted, he said VDA had already identified 199 colonies in the city that had to be regularised. \"Out of them, as many as five residential colonies are soon to be regularised. The process of regularisation takes time and only after the colonies are equipped with infrastructural facilities including drinking water, sewer, electricity, road and park, they are regularised and handed over to VNN for maintenance,\" he added.\"The Green Kashi drive cannot become successful without strong public support. We have our limitations including budget constraints and shortage of manpower to maintain the parks. However, if residents association comes up with proposals for maintenance of the parks, we are ready to give helping hand. We would also take care of plantation drive, providing tree guards for their security but the protection and sustenance of the drive would depend on local support and monitoring,\" said KS Pandey, garden superintendent, VNN.As per reports of the office, out of 165 parks (big and small), around 100 parks are either partially developed with little greenery or undeveloped without greenery and other protective measures like boundary walls, fencing and gates. The office is also facing budget constraints with Rs 44 lakh annual budget, majority of which is spent in paying salary of staff. The office has 73 regular gardeners along with 38 contractual gardeners for maintenance of the park, which is mostly restricted to plantation drive during the monsoon season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12463759", "title": "RTO stops them in their tracks", "text": "Hundreds of auto-rickshaw drivers are rushing to RTOs to get fitness certificates for mechanical meters before the weekend. They want to beat the April 1 deadline so that they do not have to install electronic meters for at least another year.The government had issued a notification making it mandatory for the 1.05 lakh autos in the eastern and western suburbs to be fitted with emeters from April 1. This will, however , be done gradually as autos will be fitted with the new meters when they come for the annual fitness tests at the Andheri and Wadala RTOs.In a bid to hoodwink the law, autos whose fitness certificates are expiring in three months are rushing to the RTOs to get them renewed. Officials told TOI that 500-700 autos turned up for the fitness test on Thursday and an equal number arrived a day earlier.An assistant RTO said, \"To renew fitness certificates (mandatory every year), auto drivers can come to our office a month prior to the certificate's expiry. Auto drivers are taking advantage of the rule and those whose fitness certificates expire on April 30 are also approaching us. They are desperate to get seals on mechanical meters before the weekend , as it will give them insulation (from e-meters ) for a year.\"Strangely, auto drivers whose fitness certificates expire in May and June also went to the RTOs. A senior officer said, \"We identified these drivers and told them to leave the premises immediately. It is illegal to get fitness certificates renewed twothree months in advance.\"He added that it showed the desperation among drivers and exposed their opposition to the new electronic meters.The biggest auto union, the Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union led by Sharad Rao, has moved the Bombay high court, opposing the government notification and challenging procedures followed by officials before making e-meters compulsory.\"Our case was on the board on Wednesday but the hearing has now been scheduled for Friday. We hope there is a positive outcome,\" a senior union activist said.For brand new autos, e-meters have become compulsory from March 1. But only a dozen autos have installed these gadgets in Mumbai. Across the state, more than 150 new e-meters have been installed, with most in Pune. Many auto owners are awaiting the HC verdict before taking a decision on switching over to e-meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461903", "title": "BEML chief should be summoned, says CPM MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the manufacturer of Tatra vehicles has officially denied offering bribe to Army chief Gen V K Singh, a member of the Defence Standing Committee has demanded that the chairman of the BEML, the defence PSU, which supplies the vehicle to the Army, be summoned before the panel.Sources said CPM's MP in Rajya Sabha T K Rangarajan, has written to the chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Defence, demanding that the chairman of BEML (Bharat Earth Movers Limited) be summoned before the committee. The standing committee is set to scrutinize demand of grants of the MoD on April 4. The MP said BEML chairman V R S Natarajan must be mandated to be present before the committee to explain the Tatra contract.The Vectra Group, which owns Tatra company that makes the trucks for the Army, has denied the allegations of corruption. \"Tatra Vectra is deeply concerned and anguished by the false and unfounded allegations of attempted offers to bribe levied by Gen V K Singh in recent media interviews,\" the company said in a statement.The company said there has been no formal complaint regarding the quality and performance of Tatra trucks in the past 26 years either in India or internationally.\"Tatra deals exclusively with BEML in India for supplying aggregates and components of Tatra Trucks and has done so for over 26 years. It has provided technology to BEML for engine and transmission so much so that BEML produces 60% parts in India including engine and transmission,\" the company said.It said since it was dealing with BEML \"Tatra has no reason or occasion to have to approach General VK Singh for approval of its trucks. Tatra does not require a selling agent or agency or any person fro canvassing. We categorically state that Lt Gen Tejinder Singh has never been contacted for any purpose by Tatra and Tatra/Vectra Group does not have any business or any relation with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462614", "title": "National Commission for Women panel to probe recent rape cases", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is sending an inquiry committee to probe recent rape cases in the state.The panel was formed after the National Commission for Women (NCW) took suo motu cognizance of some cases in the state. and for that the team is coming to probe the cases next week.The members of the panel will also hold meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee , chief secretary, DGP and police commissioner as part of their fact finding mission.NCW secretary Anita Agnihotri had written to the state's chief secretary Samar Ghosh that they were worried over rising rape and sexual assault cases in the state. In her letter on March 22, she wrote that the rapes thatNCW had taken cognizance of cases like the Park Street rape, sexual assault on a five-year-old at Namkhana and the tribal rape case of a tribal womanat Suriand another tribal at Jangalmahal. Moreover, the commission has been greatly aggrieved learning about the rape and murder of Munia Devi at Howrah. Even the NCW is worried with the report of rape of a deaf and dumb girl at Bankura Medical College hospital by a doctor, Anita mentioned in her letter. The NCW team will also probe the rape at Katwa, where a widow was raped at gun point.Alarmed by increasing rapes, she wrote that \"The spate of atrocities repeatedly created condition of insecurity for Women in the state.\" She mentioned that the NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma has asked for a thorough probe into the incidents. For that NCW is sending a probe team. The probe team will be headed by Wansuk Syiem, member of NCW. The other members will be Anita Agnihotri and Nirmala Sawant Prabhalkar, another member of NCW.Moreover, on Tuesday there had been two incidents of rape. One Tuesday night a Trinamool Congress supporter Krishna Chandra Mal was murdered by dacoits at Polba in Hooghly and her wife was raped. This week a rape victim's nephew was murdered at North Dinajpur's Goalpokhar, as the victim had refused to withdraw the case.Agnihotri said NCW, under its act, had formed the panel to probe into the incidents and would submit report within 10 days after talking to the victims. The team will also recommend action against those involved in the cases. Moreover the team will also probe allegations of sexual assault on some ICDS workers in South 24-Parganas.The team will meet some victims, who have already got justice, to find out if they are happy with the verdict. For that the team will also inquire the circumstances leading to the incidents and the action taken by the administration. The team will also meet police officials and doctors to make a thorough probe into the incidents. The committee will also suggest remedial action as well to prevent recurrence of regular crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12466803", "title": "Staff shortage discussed at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University", "text": "SURAT: Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's ( VNSGU) senate meeting, which was held on Thursday, discussed at great length the issue of vacant positions of teachers and administrative staff in the university and colleges affiliated to it.Senate members V D Naik and Gaurang Vaidya sought to condemn some of the actions of former vice-chancellor B A Prajapati. However, they did not get support from majority of the senate members. The attempt by a few other members to move a motion condemning Prajapati's action fell flat.Naik said Prajapati had used powers under University Act 11 (4) and this cannot be accepted by the senate as it is. However, Hosang Mirza said that the vice-chancellor being the principal officer of the university can take decisions under the said section of the act.Mirza said the university punishes self-financed colleges (SFI) for not filling the vacant posts of teachers but its own departments had many vacancies. He also raised the issue of deteriorating quality of education.\"Not only in the SFIs, shortage of teachers is a problem even in grant-in-aid colleges. This is leading to deterioration in the quality of education. The vacant posts should be filled up at the earliest,\" Mirza said.Vaidya also raised the issue of theft of documents from the university. He claimed that a set of documents related to irregularities in the senate election of 1997 was missing. To this Mirza said, \"I am being targeted indirectly as my election had led to a legal battle in 1997. Why the issue is being raised now. The motive is suspicious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462938", "title": "Metro phase III: Japan agency to provide loan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday signed an agreement with Japan's official aid agency, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), for a Rs 7,909-crore loan for the 104-km third phase of Delhi Metro. JICA had also funded the construction of the first two phases. The loan agreement was signed by Prabodh Saxena, joint secretary in the finance ministry, and Japanese ambassador Akitaka Saiki. The loan will be for 30 years, with a grace period of 10 years. Unlike loans from banks, the Japanese funding will be a soft loan and carry 1.4% annual interest. In all, JICA is expected to provide over Rs 14,000 crore for the third phase of the project, while the Centre will chip in with around Rs 7,500 crore and the remaining Rs 5,100 crore will come from the Delhi government in the form loans for land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12465808", "title": "Engineering student ends life in hostel", "text": "Rajkot: An engineering student of Om Shanti College in Bedi area on Morbi Road committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his hostel room on Thursday afternoon. Police identified the deceased as Saifkhan Pathan (20).Police said Pathan was a third-year student of diploma in engineering.\"Before committing the crime he had left his friends saying he was going to toilet and had gone to his room instead. We had rushed his body to the hospital where he was pronounced dead upon arrival,\" an official from Kuvadava police station said.Police said Khan's father is a constable with Porbandar police serving in the collectorate. Police are yet to ascertain the reasons behind the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463211", "title": "MCG engineer accused of \u2018demanding\u2019 bribe", "text": "GURGAON: A Rajendra Park resident has accused an MCG executive engineer of not only demanding bribe for issuing a no-objection certificate for selling a plot of land, but also of causing him \"mental torture\".Acting on the complaint received on Tuesday, the MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, hurriedly called a meeting on Thursday and decided to take strict action against an executive engineer.According to the complainant Subhash Chand, a local Congress party worker, he decided to sell his 60-yard plot in order to meet the expenses for his daughter's wedding next month.\"It was after much deliberation that I reached the decision and was hoping to get the NOC within the prescribed 23 days. I submitted all the necessary documents and the file was passed by all junior engineers. However, it got stuck when it reached the executive engineer. He refused to sign it if I did not give him Rs 20,000,\" said Chand.\"It was then that I decided to file a written compliant with the MCG commissioner who has promised to look into the matter. In fact, after I gave the complaint, some senior officials came and requested me to settle the matter amicably. However, I am not willing to do so because I have undergone a lot of mental torture,\" he said.According to sources in the MCG, the commissioner has asked the executive engineer to respond to the charges. \"It is not the first time that corruption complaints against him have been received. On several other occasions, he has been issued show-cause notices but no strict action has been taken against him. However, this time it appears that he might be transferred,\" said an MCG official on condition of anonymity. Despite several attempts, the executive engineer was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12466814", "title": "NML seminar for engineering students", "text": "Jamshedpur: Young engineers from across the country will meet for two days in Jamshedpur to take part in the second edition of 'Behind the Teachers Desk' (BTTD-2012) event beginning on Friday.BTTD-'12, is being jointly organized by the Indian Institute of Metals (IIM), city chapter, CSIR-National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML), Tata Steel and National Institute of Technology, (NIT-Adityapur) and will be held at the NML auditorium.The objective of the conference is to encourage and nurture budding metallurgical engineers to grow into dedicated professionals. Engineering students (BTech and MTech), professors and scientists from reputed institutes will attend the two-day meet. The debut meet held in March, last year, had received an overwhelming response from undergraduate and post graduate engineering students from all across India.Representatives from IIT-Kharagpur, IIT Kanpur, IITE Ahmedabad, BESU Shibpur, Jadavpur University, NIT Durgapur, NIT Raipur, ITER Bhubaneswar, VNIT Nagpur, MNIT Jaipur, CSIR-IMMT Bhubaneswar, DMRL, DRDO Hydrabad and PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore have already confirmed their participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462949", "title": "They hit the hustings to bring change", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tired of reminding her municipal councillor about the bad roads, drains and sanitation in the neighbourhood, Suman Kumari thought she could make a better leader of her area, New Seemapuri.The 38-year-old social worker is one of the many common citizens trying their luck in the municipal polls this time.For Suman, who is driven by her daily woes, lack of funds and party backing is no deterrent. \"One cannot live in such conditions. Even the basic facilities haven't been provided to us. Somebody has to take up these issues. I won't regret contesting this time even if I lose.\"Married to a construction worker, this mother of three admits she cannot campaign like the party-backed candidates, but she is counting on support from other long-suffering residents.\"My husband does not have a permanent job; I don't have money, but I have the passion and strength to keep going. I will go door-to-door to canvass support.\"In Jaffrabad, another poor colony in east Delhi, a eunuch candidate is in the fray. Sukhbir Singh (45), better known as Pappiji, has got a Bahujan Sangharsh Party ticket and is banking on her community service record to win. \"I am confident that people will support me for the social work I have done. I share a rapport with residents and have no political aspirations.\"Although she is seeking a public position, Singh is unwilling to go conventional. \"I will not give up wearing lipstick or my style of dressing. People must accept me the way I am. I don't want them to judge me on my sexual orientation. They need a good leader who can address their problems.\" Singh says she expects the youth to back him: \"They are educated and open-minded. There is a stark change in the way they see us\".In Trilokpuri, another grassroots contender has made sanitation his poll plank. Jai Prakash Chaudhary (36) is a scrap dealer, and he is contesting on a Lok Satta Party ticket. He says he will involve the resident welfare associations (RWAs) in decision making. \"Sanitation is my agenda. The civic body is struggling to keep the city clean as garbage is becoming unmanageable. I will go to each and every house to inform people about my ideas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12464251", "title": "Scuffle leaves hospital staff hurt", "text": "TRICHY: A female nursing superintendent was assaulted by another staff of the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy following an argument over negligence of duty, here on Thursday.Sugantha Mary (55) working as a female nursing superintendent witnessed many people waiting to obtain out-patient entry cards on Thursday morning. Gunasekaran the duty-in-charge at the counter returned to his seat on seeing the nursing superintendent. When she reprimanded him about his negligence to take care of the patients it led to a heated argument between them. Further, Gunasekaran also assaulted her with his fists and Sugantha collapsed and sustained injuries on her face. Later, she lodged a complaint with the GH police station against him and took up the issue with the dean Dr Karthikeyan.Other nurses decided to boycott duty, demanding action against Gunasekaran after the incident. But due to the intervention of the hospital administration who assured to conduct an inquiry into the incident, they abandoned their decision. However, they stood firm on their demand to dismiss him from duty.Meanwhile, Gunasekaral has also filed a counter petition with the police stating that he was attacked by Sugntha Mary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462115", "title": "Don't mistake our patience as weakness, says Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said its patience should not be viewed as its weakness, in what appeared a sharp message to Army chief Gen V K Singh amid his escalating face-off with the government.AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said there was need for restraint since the country was hosting heads of state, including one from neighbouring China. \"But our patience should not be viewed as our weakness.\"In a blunt comment, she said since Gen Singh had himself said that leakage of his confidential correspondence with the PM should be treated as \"high treason\", the \"scope of that will be examined.\" She implied that if Gen Singh is found guilty on this front, he may have to face the consequences.Chowdhury said what was discussed between the Army chief and defence minister cannot be divulged to public else it evokes response. \"If he has grown up to become Army chief, I am sure he knows this,\" she said.The plain-speak from Congress ended days of silence on the face-off that rocked Parliament this week, putting government in the dock over General Singh's interviews alleging bribe offers to him and letter to PM warning about country's defence unpreparedness.With Army chief's actions appearing vendetta for losing the battle over his date of birth, there is anger in the party's rank and file, who are baying for action against him. Leaders feel the prolonged crisis was sending a message of drift in UPA, damaging Congress' public perception.Breaking away from the party diktat of restrain, Congress MP Harshvardhan wrote a letter to defence minister A K Antony, seeking Gen Singh's sack. He accused the Army chief of misusing his position to prepare himself for a political innings post-retirement.Chowdhury dismissed the charges against government. Asserting that no one would compromise on country's defence preparedness, she suggested that anyone pointing fingers at the defence ministry doubted the integrity of government and Parliament.About the failure in procurement and bribe offers, she said, \"It is ridiculous to suggest that every nut and bolt is procured by the ministry. Army is autonomous at many levels and when big bucks come into play, the ministry comes in.\"About bribe offer to Deve Gowda's son when he was the PM, Chowdhury said, \"It is not a matter of scoring political points. Deve Gowda and his son were old enough and in a position enough to know what they had to do then and why they are doing it now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12463608", "title": "Objection to 'gentleman' Hawara but 'Bhai' Rajoana is okay", "text": "JALANDHAR: A controversy was created in 2005 when the then chief minister Amarinder Singh referred to Jagtar Singh Hawara, the alleged mastermind of Beant Singh assassination case, as a 'gentleman' in a cursory remark. The Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal), left parties, Congress leaders had objected to it very strongly.Parkash Singh Badal and other SAD leaders had said that this remark suggested that the captain was a sympathizer of terrorists while CPI state secretary Joginder Dyal termed it shameful.Dyal had asked Congress leaders, \"If Hawara was a gentleman, then what was slain CM Beant Singh whom he had eliminated\" while drawing an analogy with late Rajiv Gandhi referring to Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindrawale as a saint in early eighties.However, it seems times have changed.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal prefixed \"Bhai\" to Balwant Singh Rajoana's name while reading out his statement in the state assembly on Monday.\"Bhai'' is a much-respected word in the vocabulary of Sikh literature and parlance. Great Sikhs have been referred to as \"Bhai\" with reverence. Mardana, the musician who accompanied Guru Nanak, is also referred to as Bhai and so is Bhai Gurdas.Even the petition submitted by Badal to the President on Wednesday also made it a point to prefix \"Bhai\" every time Rajoana's name was mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12463335", "title": "Embarrassed Delhi cops to seek review of Kobad Ghandy case", "text": "NEW DELHI: After goofing-up on top Naxal leader Kobad Ghandy's case by not adhering to 'right' procedure while taking sanction for his prosecution, the Delhi Police will, as part of a damage control exercise, again approach the city government through an independent panel with power to review evidence gathered during investigation.A trial court on Wednesday discharged the CPI (Maoist) ex-politburo member and the police prize catch Ghandy on charges under the anti-terror Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) for want of proper sanction from authorities.Although the court stated there was \"sufficient material on record\" against Ghandy to show that he was a \"vibrant member\" of banned terror outfit CPI (Maoist), it discharged him for an \"incurable defect\" in the sanction. The police has realized the error in not following procedure under the amended UAPA which requires prosecuting agency to get the sanction from the designated committee.\"Since Delhi Police have enough evidence against Ghandy and this is acknowledged by the trial court, the committee may not have any objection in giving required sanction. Once the city police gets the sanction it can file another chargesheet against the Maoist leader,\" said a home ministry official.He said there are several charges as well as evidence against the Maoist leader under the Indian Penal Code (IPC), enough to keep him behind bars pending trial.Section 45(2) of UAPA states sanction for prosecution may be prescribed by the state government after an independent review of evidence. The court on Wednesday said the sanction order was earlier granted only on the basis of a draft charge-sheet, allegations made in the FIR and other material and evidence placed on record.\"The Lt Governor of the NCT of Delhi in the present case was deprived of the relevant material that is recommendation of competent authority necessary to consider as to whether sanction should be granted,\" the court said.The police slapped charges under the Act against Ghandy, besides booking him for various offences under the IPC relating to cheating, forgery and impersonation. It had alleged that Ghandy (65), along with his associates, was trying to build a Maoist corridor in the national capital. An alumni of the prestigious Doon School, Ghandy was said to be part of the top leadership of erstwhile CPI-ML (People's War Group) from 1981 and continued as a Central Committee member in CPI (Maoist). He was elected to its politburo in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12463297", "title": "Dug-up flyover turns accident zone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely a week after TOI reported on the mindless digging work undertaken by PWD on the Chirag Dilli flyover, a tanker travelling from Kalkaji towards IIT rammed into the half dug-up divider and overturned. As the tanker driver lost control of his vehicle, it toppled onto the other side of the carriageway and hit a WagonR at 6.30am on Thursday. The WagonR driver had a close shave but the car was damaged.When TOI visited the spot, it was found that rubble and tiles were lying next to the divider. Public Works Department (PWD) had started to dig up the divider without taking permission from the traffic police. TOI had pointed out last week how accident-prone the stretch was as the agency had not even bothered to place warning signs and barricades at that time.Now, the agency has been asked to work only during the weekend but the rubble lying next to the divider is hazardous to motorists, especially at night. Though some warning signs were placed next to the divider after the TOI story, it has clearly not been enough to address the vulnerability of motorists using the stretch.Police have registered a case of rash and negligent driving against Vinod Kumar (26), the driver of the tanker, but they are also probing the culpability of the civic agency that has dug up half of the divider. \"We have found that the front wheels of the tanker carrying water had hit the tiles lying next to the divider and the driver lost control of the vehicle. The vehicle was carrying water and overturned, toppling over to the opposite carriageway, where a WagonR car was passing by and bore brunt of the impact.The drivers of the WagonR and the tanker miraculously escaped with minor injuries. We are investigating the case and will take further action accordingly,\" said a senior police officer of the area. The sudden shrinking of the road width on the flyover had already resulted in a bottleneck situation for traffic descending from the flyover while travelling from Greater Kailash to Panchsheel as well as ascending traffic from the opposite direction. As a result, a long line of vehicles are regularly caught in a traffic snarl on either side of Outer Ring Road.Thursday's accident caused further traffic congestion on the stretch, with traffic crawling at a snail's pace while the tanker was removed from the top of the flyover. There was a traffic snarl from Malviya Nagar to Nehru Place on Outer Ring Road due to the incident, as both the carriageways of the flyover were affected. This triggered off a traffic snarl under the flyover, too, which is already congested due to the BRT corridor.\"The work had been going on and was stopped after it was brought to our notice as they had not sought requisite permission from us. We had asked the civic agency to conduct the work only during the weekends and had also asked the traffic police officer concerned, who should have checked the matter on his own, for an explanation,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12467175", "title": "Can't respect Parliament of present days, it has criminal MPs: Kejriwal", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Striking a defiant note, Arvind Kejriwal on Friday replied to the privilege notices served on him for \"insulting\" Parliament, saying how can he respect the institution which has MPs with \"criminal background\".The Team Anna member alleged that all the parties are responsible for bringing Parliament to disrepute as 162 MPs with criminal background have managed to get into it.\"There was a Parliament in which Lal Bahadur Shastri resigned (from the post of railway minister) following a train accident. I would like to sacrifice anything for such a Parliament but how will I respect Parliament of present days,\" Kejriwal said in the letter.He also alleged that industrialists, who were not known for any public service, have managed to get into Parliament with the help of various parties.\"They enter Parliament to further their business interest. If this is not misuse of Parliament, if this is not insult to Parliament then what is it?,\" he asked.Besides Congress MP Sajjan Singh Verma, RJD MPs Rajniti Prasad and Ram Kripal Yadav had served a privilege notice against Kejriwal for calling MPs \"rapists, murderers and looters\" during an election campaign rally last month.The Lok Sabha Secretariat has sought reply from Kejriwal following the receipt of the notices. \"Received privilege notices from Rajniti Prasad and Ram Kripal Yadav also...Rajniti Prasad is the same MP who tore the Lokpal Bil in Parliament. Did he insult Parliament or did I insult Parliament?\" Kejriwal had tweeted after he got the notices.Earlier in September last year, Kejriwal was served a notice for making \"derogatory\" remarks against parliamentarians during Hazare's agitation in Ramlila Maidan.\"In this Parliament, 163 members have cases of heinous offences against them. In this Parliament, rapists are sitting, murderers and looters are sitting. How can you expect Jan Lokpal Bill to be passed by Parliament? How can you expect that you can get reprieve from poverty and corruption,\" Kejriwal had said on February 25.Talking to reporters today, Kejriwal also said that Team Anna will soon write to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh providing evidence against 14 Union Cabinet ministers whom he had named as \"corrupt\".Hazare had set a deadline of August to register FIR against these ministers and warned the government that they will launch 'jail bharo' agitation, if it is not done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463333", "title": "Nine more swine flu patients found in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department reported nine more swine flu cases in the state on Thursday. The nine cases were detected in Jaipur, Jodhpur, Nagaur and Pali.Two pregnant women, who are residents of Pali, tested positive for swine flu. A medical department official in Pali said, \"Both the women have been living in their parents' homes in nearby districts for the past two months.\"Out of the nine cases one is a 27-year-old man from Jaipur. He lives in Walled City's Kishan Pole Bazaar area and is the first one to be detected from this area. The medical, health and family welfare department has is now trying to find out if there are any other swine flu cases in the area. The department also gave Tamiflu tablets to the patient's relatives of who were in direct contact with the patient, a department official said.The medical, health and family welfare department has advised people not to take cold, cough and fever lightly. These are some of the symptoms of swine flu as well. The department has made swine flu testing free for pregnant women and also for children up to ages of 5 years, who are vulnerable to swine flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462746", "title": "Rs 25 lakh settlement likely in Prabhu Daya case", "text": "KOCHI: Talks for reaching an out-of-court settlement regarding compensation for five fishermen who died when MV Prabhu Daya allegedly collided with a fishing vessel has reached the final stage.On Thursday, discussions were held between counsel Amitabh Majumdar, who represented the ship's owners, and those of the five dependents, and a consensus was reached by evening. Both sides will jointly approach Kerala high court on Friday, where compensation claims are pending, to inform it about the possibility of a settlement, the counsels told TOI.Though a formal application hasn't been filed before the court yet, it is learnt that both sides have agreed on a compensation of Rs 25 lakh for each of the five victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463733", "title": "Polluted water supplied in most Old City areas: Study", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ground water and supplied drinking water in several Old City areas such as Chaderghat, Saidabad and Sultan Shahi are so polluted that they are unsafe for human consumption. This was the conclusion of studies conducted by Joint Action Water (JAW) in 2011-12 from 75 slum communities in six localities of the city which were presented to Water Board officials on Thursday.The year-long study conducted on ground water involved 5101 samples of which 1976 were found unsafe. Of the 487 samples collected in Saidabad, 339 were found to be unsafe while 297 out of 693 samples were found unsafe in Chaderghat areas.Sultan Shahi recorded a peak with over a hundred samples found to be unfit for consumption in the month of February 2012 alone. The water samples were tested based on nine parameters including residual chlorine, bacterial contamination, alkalinity and hardness and were deemed unsafe if they failed any of these parameters.Pre-monsoon and post monsoon tests on ground water by JNTU also presented worrisome results. All the 50 samples of ground water collected pre-monsoon in March 2011 from different city locales were found to be unfit for consumption. There was no change post monsoon. Sixty-five samples were collected from the same areas in December and all of them were found unsafe again. Of these, more than 15 samples were collected from the Old City areas including Nasheman Nagar, Aman Nagar, Saidabad, Chaderghat and Talabkatta.While presenting the results to water board officials, members of JAW and representatives from different communities pointed out that there was a lack of universal standard for testing and reporting water quality.\"There has to be a uniform format for reporting and time frame for testing. We had followed guidelines laid down by The Central Public Health and Environmental Engineering Organisation (CPHEEO) of the government of India. These standards ought to be followed by everyone testing water,\" said Umesh Varma of JAW. According to him water board follows different standards during every occasion of testing creating much confusion and failing to address water quality issues.Members of JAW also suggested the water board to undertake geo-mapping of locations from which samples are collected and to duly upload comprehensive test data online on a weekly basis. This would permit people to take action at the household level, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12454036", "title": "I don\u2019t want to talk about Deepika: Muzammil Ibrahim", "text": "After becoming quite an eye candy in the fashion world, and the poster boy of Bollywood with his first film, \"Dhokha\", Muzammil Ibrahim suddenly left everything and disappeared for five years.After bagging awards for Best Newcomer, why did you suddenly disappear from the Hindi film industry?After \"Dhokha\", I started shooting for another film called \"Horn Ok Pleassss\", starring Nana Patekar . I was playing a double role in the film and it was a very big film for me. I gave that movie all my time and dates, and I kept rejecting other offers. But, unfortunately that movie never released. I even refused \"Raaz 2\" and \"Fashion\", as I was shooting for \"Horn Ok Pleassss\". At that time it felt right. Let's just say that I was naive and immature. I could not handle my success and my career at that time.Now do you think you've matured?Yes I have. I've learnt a lot in these five years. I don't have the backing of a film family. Neither do I have a godfather, nor do I have a star girlfriend who will recommend me. I have to build it up on my own merit and I will. I won Gladrags when I was only 18 and did \"Dhokha\" when I was 22. Now I'm 26, and am better equipped to deal with the ways of the film industry.There were talks that you didn't get work because of you're unprofessional. You even fought with Pooja Bhatt , who gave you your first film.Pooja had seen my music videos and she called me from her office saying that she wanted to meet me. I met her and after having a formal chat, she told me that I was chosen as the hero for \"Dhokha\". We even started filming, but we had some creative differences. But that is all past now, I would still love to work with her, if she ever decides to cast me in her film.What was it like, working in an ensemble cast in your last film \"Will You Marry Me\"?I was the youngest on the sets. Even Mugdha, who has been my senior in the modelling world, is older than me. Both Rajeev and Shreyas treated me like their younger brother. We partied and hung out together, but being the youngest, I was often the butt of all jokes. We all used to play pranks on each other all the time, it was so much fun.You had shot a scene for this film in which you were running in a mall in Dubai , while wearing a bikini...It was a nightmare. There were 15,000 people in that mall and my director asked me to run across it in a bikini. I was sweating before that scene, not knowing how I'll do it, but when I finished that scene, people started applauding and I felt relieved. But I have to admit, I've received two bravery awards for saving people from drowning, and I never felt afraid, but this is the most daring stunt I've ever done.There are rumours that you are dating a Victoria's Secret model.Next question please.You were dating Deepika Padukone at some point, weren't you?I don't want to talk about Deepika. With all due respect to her, she is doing great in her career and I wish her all the best. I'm also starting a new innings, and I don't wish to look back.Are you dating anyone now?I am in a relationship. But I don't want to reveal her identity. All I can say is that she is an international model, and she is from Italy. I met her in Milan and we both are going strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12461925", "title": "Anticipatory bail to gang war accused corporator Nakir Khan rejected", "text": "AKOLA: The arrest of corporator Nakir Khan is imminent after additional session judge DM Deshmukh here denied him anticipatory bail in a gang war case. Nakir Khan is a co-accused in the gang war which occurred in Akot File area of the city two years back. One was killed and another one was injured in the clash.Khan, who is serving his second term as a corporator, was disqualified during last term for being constantly absent from Akola Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) meetings. He was reportedly absconding then.Khan had moved the anticipatory bail petition in December last. He had managed to get ad-interim anticipatory bail from the session court which later got 11 adjournments. However, the final hearing over the plea took place on March 27.Defence lawyer Dildar Khan vehemently argued for the anticipatory bail to the accused.However, session judge rejected the contention of defence lawyer and accepted APP Mangala Pande's argument that Khan's custody for interrogation was must.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463474", "title": "Staff shortage hits disposal of dowry cases", "text": "CHENNAI: A shortage of officers is affecting the disposal of dowry-related cases at police stations in the city. With just one dowry prohibition officer to deal with cases from the 12 police districts, more than 260 cases are awaiting disposal. The opinion of dowry prohibition officers, appointed by the social welfare department, is mandatory before a case of dowry harassment against an accused is registered.Every day, at least three cases turn up at each of the All-Women Police Stations (AWPS) in the city. In 2011 alone, the number of cases awaiting clearance was 42. Of the 59 cases sent to the wing from January to December 2011, only 17 have been disposed.In the north zone, including Flower Bazaar, Harbour, Washermenpet and Tiruvottiyur, just two of the 11 cases were disposed and sent back for registration. In the east zone, including Kilpauk, Triplicane and Mylapore, only six of the 19 cases got an opinion of the dowry prohibition officer, in the west zone, including Anna Nagar and Pulianthope, five of the 20 cases were disposed, and in the south zone, including areas like T Nagar and Adyar, four of the seven cases were disposed.\"Dowry prohibition officers play an important role in obtaining the opinion of a third party in a dowry harassment complaint and forwarding it to the AWPS if they find it is fit for registration of case. They will also collect evidence necessary for the prosecution of persons committing the offence. Sometimes, an issue is settled when the petitioners are called in for an inquiry by dowry prohibition officers,\" a senior police officer said.\"More and more women are coming forward to register complaints of dowry harassment hoping that the all-women police stations, set up for resolving such issues, will help them get justice early. But the shortage of dowry prohibition officers has led to a huge backlog of cases,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12462042", "title": "Tirumala wakes up to luxury pad culture", "text": "TIRUPATI: Since all pilgrims are equal in the eyes of the Lord, there is no private property in Tirumala, the hilltop where Balaji's temple is located. All land and property belongs to the Lord, in other words is controlled by the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD). So if pilgrims have to stay on the hills before and after a darshan (some of which could be at the crack of dawn and too long to traverse at odd hours from downhill in Tirupati) it has to be at a TTD-owned guest house. But the rich and the powerful want their own luxury pads on the hill, they don't want to stay at sparsely furnished guest houses. So how do you go around doing this, considering the ban on private property at Tirumala? The answer is simple: build luxury guest houses and donate them to TTD in the name of pilgrim service. But in name, the TTD controls these luxury guest houses and makes room allotments. However, in reality the guest houses are controlled by the big industrialists and companies who build them.Since 2004, TTD has been liberally allotting land in Sri Padmavathi Nagar. At that time, there were only 20 guest houses. In the last six years, 55 more VIP and private guest houses have sprung up on the hilltop.\"This is nothing but a luxury pad culture. Resorts have been built on the hilltop with no consideration that it is a hilltop that has limited land,\" says former director general of AP police T Suryanarayana Rao, who is also president of Tirumala Tirupati Samrakshana Samithi (TTSS). Many top business houses have their guest houses at Tirumala.As per rules, donors who build guest houses can stay for 30 days in a calendar year (not exceeding 10 days at a time). But the rich donors keep the guest houses for themselves by paying 11 months of rent to TTD.\"There is no need to construct any new buildings as cottages, guest houses and dormitories atop Tirumala can easily accommodate 40,000 pilgrims a day. Building more accommodation means getting more pilgrims to Tirumala and putting more pressure for darshan,\" said a senior IAS officer who was at the TTD's helm.Sources say there is immense pressure from common pilgrims to stay in the guest houses after being told that these belong to the TTD. But TTD refuses to allot rooms in guest houses reserving this privilege for VIPs and of course the industrialists who built them. Two deputy executive officers are chartered with the job of allocation of rooms to VIPs and high-brow pilgrims. \"They decide which guest house would be suitable for these pilgrims as per their status and class,\" retired temple superintendent Jayaramaiah says. \"Rich pilgrims, especially from metros do not mind throwing money to get accommodation,\" PVRK Prasad, former EO, says. Ironically, very little information is made public about how many VIP guest houses have available rooms with most of them donning 'No occupancy' boards.\"Money, clout and fame is enough, the TTD will roll out a red carpet for you. TTD must realize that Tirumala is not a tourist spot but a place of worship,\" points out Parvatha Rao, former TTD legal counsel.However, in what is a ray of hope, after a furore created by activists that the fragile ecology of the hilltop will be destroyed by rampant constructions, permissions for new guest houses have been stopped. Some works in progress have also been halted.(This is the fourth in a series of reports on the affairs Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12462022", "title": "CAG report nails Acharya in Emaar", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after jailed IAS officer and former vice-chairman and managing director of APIIC BP Acharya denied any wrongdoing in the Emaar scam, the Comptroller and Auditor General has established grave irregularities in the manner in which the state government went about with the joint venture with Dubai-based Emaar Properties at Manikonda on the outskirts of Hyderabad and held its officials including Acharya responsible for the same.In its report for the year ending March 31, 2011, the CAG said the state government allotted 535 acres of land in Ranga Reddy district to Emaar Properties PJSC, Dubai , through APIIC for constructing an 'integrated project with international standards including a convention centre, a star hotel, golf course and multi-purpose developmental township'. \"However, the SPV set up in terms of the MOU with Emaar re-assigned the rights of development of the project to its sister concerns. This process diluted the financial stake of the APIIC and the state government without proper consent and diluted the government control over a developmental initiative in which it had invested substantial equity,\" the CAG said.According to the CAG, in 2005, the state government restructured the entire project by creating three, instead of two, SPVs, expanding its scope and re-adjusting operational areas of each SPV in the most favourable terms to Emaar. Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd (EHTPL), which was formed for development and sale of villas, residential accommodation and IT infrastructure, was allotted 258.36 acres. The state also allotted 235 acres of land on lease and 17 acres on outright sale basis to Boulder Hills Leisure Pvt Ltd (BHLPL) to develop golf course and boutique hotel. In the third SPV, the YSR regime allotted 15.139 acres of land on lease to Cyberabad Convention Centre Pvt Ltd. (CCCPL) for construction of a convention centre and a business hotel, the CAG said.The CAG held that in all the three SPVs, the two constituents, viz. APIIC and Emaar, held an equity share of 26 per cent and 74 per cent respectively. The subscription of APIIC was to be reckoned against the value of Government land transferred to each of the three SPVs at a price of Rs 29 lakh per acre. The SPVs were, however, required to pay a lease rental at 2 per cent of the gross annual revenue for the initial 33 years and at 3 per cent beyond that period.\"In November 2006, EHTPL re-assigned the rights of development to another sister company, Emaar MGF Land Private Limited (Emaar MGF). The CMD of APIIC, who was a member of the board of directors of the company, was a party to this decision without having obtained a formal, in-principle, approval of the government or APIIC\", pointed out the CAG report. Acharya was managing director of APIIC between 2005 and 2010 and member of the board of directors in the three SPVs.Under this revised arrangement, while all rights including control over allotted government land had been transferred to Emaar MGF, the share of projects to which EHTPL was entitled to, was restricted to 25 per cent. This had the effect of reducing the project share of APIIC from 26 per cent to merely 6.5 per cent. Thus, disproportionate part of the profits would be retained by Emaar MGF. EHTPL also gave a corporate guarantee to Emaar MGF, in August 2008, enabling it to obtain Rs 150 crore loan from Axis Bank by mortgaging the title deeds of 14.01 acres of land. Emaar, on behalf of EHTPL, but without intimating APIIC, also entered into an agreement with Stylish Homes Private Limited in 2005,for selling the villas and plots in the integrated township. This had the effect of exposing APIIC and state government to financial risk without its consent, observed the CAG.\"In November 2006, EHTPL assigned its leasehold rights to Emaar MGF, prescribing that only 5 per cent of the total revenues earned from the golf course and club would be passed on to EHTPL and the balance 95 per cent to be retained by Emaar MGF. Consequently, the APIIC's share in SPV's projects was diluted from 26 per cent to 1.3 per cent,\" pointed out the CAG. Acharya is accused number one in the Emaar scam that the CBI is probing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463439", "title": "Self-financing engineering colleges may be allowed to hike fees", "text": "CHENNAI: Self-financing colleges in the state, who waited six years for a fee hike, are likely to get it this year. They have written to the fee committee under Justice N V Balasubramanian asking that fees for engineering seats under the government and management quota to be doubled.\"The fees have long been kept at unreasonable levels, considering the kind of pay scales for teachers, the rising infrastructure costs and electricity charges incurred by colleges. We are hopeful of getting the long-awaited hike this year,\" said the head of a self-financing college. A senior official in the higher education department said the wait could end this year.A consortium of self-financing engineering and professional arts and science colleges in the state had urged the government to double the fees - from 32,500 to 65,000 for government seats and at least 5,000 more for management seats. \"We have asked for a reasonable hike. Even if the committee can't meet these expectations, we expect to get the fee structure raised at least to 50,000 or be allowed to fix our own fee structure for the management seats,\" said the head of another college.Individual colleges have submitted requests along with their balance sheets, asking for fees to be hiked from 75,000 to 1.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462913", "title": "Signal snag disrupts Metro for six hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thousands of commuters, hoping to avoid traffic jams due to the BRICS summit on Thursday, got caught in one of the worst Metro disruptions in recent times as a snag in the Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali line led to massive delays and overcrowding during peak morning hours.The disruption continued for six hours till 2pm. So packed were trains on this line that many commuters complained they couldn't get off at their stations. Entry gates of some stations like Laxmi Nagar had to be closed for some time due to the rush even as a dozen trains were cancelled.Officials said track circuits on the stretch between Indraprastha and Mandi House weren't functioning properly, making it impossible for trains to pick up target speed. Trains had to be put on manual mode which allows a maximum speed of 25kmph, leading to long headways between trains.Although the problem was identified at 8.45am, it could be fixed only at 2.02pm, admitted officials. The cause of the snag is yet to be identified. A Metro spokesperson said it was a signaling failure.The six-hour delay in fixing the problem led to bunching of trains and cancellations.Metro officials said that 10 round trips had to be cancelled while eight were forcibly curtailed at the Barakhamba Road station and two delayed due to a snag that developed in the Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali line on Thursday. \"Since it was peak hour, the effect was more profound. We couldn't rectify the fault immediately as that would have meant stopping services for some time, which was not possible during peak hours,\" an official said. Normalcy was restored after 2pm when trains could run at regular speed.Office-goers were the worst affected. Riddhima Sharma, who took the train from Karkardooma at 8.50am, reached Rajiv Chowk more than one-and-half hours later. \"The train was stuck between the Karkardooma and Preet Vihar for half hour. There were long delays at almost every station,\" said Sharma.Faraz Cheema, a Delhi University student who lives in Noida, had to wait for more than 30 minutes before he could get on a train. Nikita , 19, who boarded the train at 9am from Vaishali, had a similar story. \"I was on my way to a friend's place to study for exams. It took me four hours to reach Rajiv Chowk, which otherwise is a 40-minute journey ,\" she said.The delays not only disrupted schedules but also left many feeling helpless. \"We had to get off at Barakhamba Road station as the train was halted. But we couldn't get out of the station for half an hour as the cops wouldn't let us come out because of protests against the BRICS summit.\"The worst affected were trains running from Barakhamba Road station towards Noida and Vaishali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12462676", "title": "Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's land doles cost Andhra Rs 1 lakh crore: CAG", "text": "HYDERABAD: Providing fodder to the CBI probing the various land allotments in the state during the YSR government, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has concluded that the Andhra Pradesh government doled out thousands of acres of government land to private individuals on an ad hoc and arbitrary manner without safeguarding the interests of the state. The CAG report for the year ending March 31, 2011, was tabled in the assembly on Thursday.A total of 88,500 acres of land was allotted in this manner to private parties, depriving the state revenue of nearly Rs 1 lakh crore. Among the irregularities established by the CAG were those pertaining to Vanpic, Obulapuram Mining Company and Aurobindo Pharma, all of which are already under the CBI scanner in the Jagan assets case.The CAG report details the land allotments between 2006 and 2011, the major portion of which saw Y S Rajasekhara Reddy as CM. \"Alienation and allotment of land by the state government during 2006-11 was characterized by grave irregularities, involving allotment on an ad hoc, arbitrary and discretionary manner to private persons/ entities at very low rates, without safeguarding the financial and socio-economic interests of the state. The rates proposed at different established levels of the government hierarchy were disregarded and substantial benefits were unduly granted to private parties. Audit scrutiny revealed that in the test-checked cases, undue benefit of Rs 1,784 crore was given to various entities and persons due to the difference in the rates at which land was allotted and the market value as recommended by the district collector and empowered committee. In many cases of land allotment, the state government ignored the prescribed procedures and disregarded canons of financial propriety,\" observed the CAG.During 2006-11, the state government allotted 88,492 acres of land to 1,027 beneficiaries. The CAG made a sample audit in 11 districts where 459 allotments were made, involving 50,285.90 acres of land.\"The audit found that land allotments for commercial purposes were not made in a fair, consistent and transparent manner so as to serve the public interest,\" the report said. In 60 cases, alienation cost amounting to Rs 2,559 crore was not collected by the district collectors from the institutions to which land was alienated between 2003-04 and 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463379", "title": "Water politics killed our boy: residents", "text": "BANGALORE: Two-year-old Chandan Narasimha's tragic death due to suspected water contamination is also entangled with small-time civic politics. Residents of Venkataswamy Garden in JJ Nagar off Mysore Road, where Chandan's parents Narasimha and Yashoda are staying for a decade, said they have been living with water contamination.\"Every year water gets contaminated, particularly in rainy season. But this is the first time that there has been contamination in the summer,\" Bore Gowda, a resident, told The Times of India.Residents of 5th, 6th and 7th cross blamed the local corporator, CS Radhakrishna, for their water woes. They alleged that Radhakrishna held a grudge against them as he believed that they had not voted for him in the last civic elections. \"It is true that we supported his opponent. We hold the corporator responsible for irregular water and power in our area. His supporters turn our roads into garbage heaps,\" they alleged.Local corporator Radhakrishna, however, denied playing water politics. \"How can I disconnect water supply for any lane? I am doing my job as corporator and battling for better amenities in my ward,\" he said.Radhakrishna, however, admitted that water contamination was an issue in his ward for two years and complaints had been made to BWSSB. \"But so far we have not seen any water-borne diseases. It is sad that the boy passed away because of water contamination,\" he said.Three weeks ago water supply to all the three cross roads was disrupted when some unidentified elements dug up a trench on 13th Main Road and broke the water pipes.Bore Gowda said that locals themselves took up the work of repairing the pipes.During a visit to the area on Thursday, a TOI team found that the trench was filled with sewage water and water pipes ran through it raising the possibility of the trench being a point of contamination of drinking water.Jurisdictional JJ Nagar police, however, said that they had not received any complaints about sabotage of water supply network in Venkataswamy Garden area.The BWSSB too said that it had not received any complaints about water disruption in the area.BWSSB chief engineer T Venkatraju wondered how residents could complain of water supply disruption and contamination at the same time.Venkatraju said that on Thursday, the area was not supplied any water. Water samples will be collected as a routine exercise on Friday, he added.Times ViewA 2-year-old drinks suspected contaminated water, dies. In a few days, the story's murky details will flow out. It's still too early to point fingers. But the horrifying story only proves how Bangalore has huge murderous civic potholes.Civic apathy has been cynically accepted as a given in a city which has set global benchmarks in IT. But, obviously, this achievement has had no ripple effect on the local administration which is systematically lowering benchmarks. Here, corporators and MLAs set their own private parochial agendas; the civic corporation, the funds-starved BBMP, increasingly looks like a sloppy maintenance organization. You can forget about virtuous vision.Just a few days ago a woman crashed her SUV onto a pavement killing a labourer, but is yet to be traced. The lawyer-police face-off has entered the fourth week. Swimming pools have become a safety hazard for kids. So, when an innocent kid dies after drinking tap water, in a ward that has been thoroughly neglected by petty mindsets, you wonder whether ghastly politics will finally wake up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12462637", "title": "Municipal budget has nothing new to offer for Kottayam district", "text": "KOTTAYAM: There was nothing new in the budget presented by vice-chairperson Mayakutty John on Thursday. The proposals were just a carry over from last year's budget.An amount of Rs 1.5 crore has been earmarked for the new municipal building at Kodimatha.The only notable provision in the waste management sector is an additional subsidy of 25% to the existing government subsidy of 50% for biogas plants.The budget has also provided for changing faulty streetlights within 24 hours. This will begin from April 1. Two new vehicles and manpower will be made available for this.New shopping complexes have been proposed in Muttambalam and Nagambadom. Funds have also been allocated for a bus stand-cum-shopping complex at Tiruvathukkal and for the completion of the second floor of the Nagambadom bus stand complex.Chingavanam has also got its share in the form of a market-cum-shopping complex for which Rs 10 lakh has been provided.Fund has been allotted for a literacy programme in Nattakom and Kumaranelloor areas. The intention is to achieve complete literacy for Kottayam.A guest house will be built in the municipal land at Kodimatha to develop tourism.The Gandhi Square will also get a facelift. The metal barrier surrounding the statue will be removed and floors will get granite covering.The cash balance was around 6.17 crore, and with an income of 60.07 crore in 2011-12, the total fund was 66.24 crore. Next financial year, a cash balance of over 5.05 crore is expected, and the estimated expense is around 61.18 crore.Meanwhile, opposition leader M K Prabhakaran of the CPM criticized the budget saying it was just a copy of last year's budget. Core issues such as waste management, drinking water and streetlights had not been addressed, he said.Fund should have been allocated for supplying drinking water in areas where there is shortage. Though the Revenue Department had promised to supply water in tanker lorries, that had not been done.There is no concrete plan for waste processing, he said. In last year's budget it was decided that Kudumbasree workers would collect waste from every house. Though in Muttambalam the project was re-launched recently, it has stopped now, he said. He also said last year's proposal to have sodium vapour lamps at all major junctions had not been realized.The discussion on the budget will be held on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466498", "title": "Gold merchants\u2019 protest enters 16th day", "text": "INDORE: With jewelers' strike in Indore on Thursday entering sixteenth day, the business loss touched Rs 200 crore on Thursday. Protesting against the excise duty on gold, the gold traders are on a hunger strike demanding the withdrawal of the Centre's proposal.Indore Sarafa Traders Association president Hukum Soni termed the Centre's move as unjustified. He said that the excise duty on gold and non-branded jewellery items would adversely impact traders and consumers.\"In the past 16 days, the market has suffered business loss of Rs 200 crore with Rs 10 to 15 crore per day business loss,\" he said adding that there are around 2,000 jewellery shops in the city and about 5,000 across the district. Moreover, said Soni, the excise duty would encourage the inspector raaj.\"At a time when other businesses are being freed of inspector raaj, the Union government has given unlimited powers on excise department officials,\" lamented Soni.Citing reasons for protest, he said the law is draconian. \"It says that the excise duty evasion of Rs 25 lakh will invite a punishment for seven years,\" he said, adding excise officers have been given unlimited powers so that he can even seal a shop and impose penalty at his will.\"He further said that there was no specific limit on penalty in case of defaulting on paying the duty, he said. He said the jewellers from the district joined the strike.\"The hunger strike would be observed till March 31 and thereafter the traders would decide future course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464132", "title": "State bid to discourage use of personalized vehicles", "text": "PATNA: The state assembly on Thursday passed the Bihar Finance Bill, 2012, and the amendments to the Bihar Motor Vehicles Taxation Act, 1994, which were piloted by deputy CM and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi .Modi came up with amendments to the Motor Vehicle Taxation Act, with proposal to increase one-time tax on personalized vehicles, including two wheelers and cars up to Rs 4 lakh, to six percent from existing five percent and seven percent on vehicles costing more than Rs 4 lakh. This tax rate will be excluding VAT.He said, \"Every year more than 80 percent of the vehicles registered in the state are personalized ones. Increasing number of vehicles cause traffic jam, pollution, damage to road, therefore it is necessary to discourage the use of personalized vehicles and to encourage use of public transport by enhancing the tax rate on personalized vehicles. This increase in tax will result in an additional revenue generation to the tune of Rs 24 crore approximately.\"Speaking on the Finance Bill, Modi said that to enhance simplicity and transparency in tax administration, a new section is proposed to be inserted in the Bihar Value Added Tax Act, 2005, enabling the state government to provide compounding scheme of tax liability in case of certain goods like gold and silver and in respect of certain categories of dealers like work contractors and restaurants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "12466095", "title": "Teacher arrested for clicking girl\u2019s nude pic", "text": "Vadodara/Anand: A primary school teacher has been arrested by Borsad police in Anand district for allegedly clicking naked pictures of a girl student in classroom.The police had received a complaint that Harshad Sharma, a teacher of Davol primary school, had allegedly captured pictures of a girl student from his mobile on Wednesday afternoon after asking the girl student to stand on a school bench.According to police, Sharma is accused of calling a girl student of standard five inside the classroom of Indiranagari-based Davol primary school during recess hours of Wednesday afternoon.After Sharma allegedly called the 11-year-old girl student inside the classroom, he asked the student to stand on the bench and remove her clothes. The frightened girl rushed to her home where she informed her parents about the entire episode. The girl's parents along with other villagers reached the school and created ruckus at the school premises.Later, girl's father Arjun Udesinh Jadhav lodged a police complaint against the teacher at Borsad town police station. Villagers have also alleged that the same teacher was earlier involved in a similar act at Nisaria primary school after which he was transferred.According to villagers, even a couple of days back, a girl student had complained that the teacher was harassing her.Borsad town police inspector P R Bhatia has seized the mobile of the teacher and sent it to FSL for proper investigations into the matter.Although the police could not recover any such picture or clip from the accused teacher's mobile, they believe that a FSL report will bring out the exact details.\"We have arrested the teacher and are waiting for the FSL report to come for further action into the matter. If the picture was deleted, the FSL report would ascertain it,\" said Bhatia. He, however, said that the police have received no records of a similar allegation against the teacher in the past in the office records of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12462245", "title": "How can society help prevent the employment of minors in hotels?", "text": "Minors are forced to work in hotels or restaurants due to extreme poverty. Hence, stopping them from working amounts to depriving them of their daily bread. If government seriously wants to abolish child labour, it should uplift them from poverty or it should adopt them and provide them with proper education until they become majors in age.Surendra DhulapkarHotelier, PondaFirst of all, the law has to take its own course. There is a law in place and authorities need to implement the law and make sure that minors are not employed in hotels. Members of society, including NGOs, can also play a role here. They can identify places where young children work and help to put such children in schools. Another way is to create awareness about such menace among school going children. They too can be encouraged to help their less privileged brothers and sisters whenever they come across such incidents of child labour.Allan PintoCompere, CaranzalemThe most important need of the hour is to figure out, why do these children have to work? Instead of employing minors, the society needs to urge the government to aid and provide subsidies and alternatives via education, that can help the children.Meenal BaleStudent, PorvorimThe NGO's have to step up their work and help bring in a mechanism that will encourage members of the public to complain if they see any minor working in a hotel or any other commercial establishment. Though, in my opinion there are hardly any Goan minors who are working, most of these minors are migrants. A check on the migrant population either by the government or these NGOs can also help control this problem. The government machinery, however, is inefficient as they have not managed to resolve the problem for reasons best known to them.Steven S DiasRestaurateur, Nuvem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12463848", "title": "Moon mission rocket engines found on seabed", "text": "LONDON: The F-1 rockets that launched Apollo 11's historic mission to the Moon in 1969 have been found, Amazon-. com founder Jeff Bezos claims and says he is planning to bring them up from the bottom of the Atlantic ocean. In a blog post, the billionaire book seller said the five engines were found using advanced sonar scanning some 14,000ft below the Atlantic Ocean's surface, the BBC reported.The F-1 engines were used on the giant Saturn V rocket that carried the Apollo 11 landing module out of the Earth's atmosphere and towards the Moon.They burned and fell into the Altantic just a few minutes after they launched astronauts Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins on their historic voyage to the moon.Announcing the discovery on his \"Bezos Expeditions\" site, Bezos described the F-1 as a \"modern wonder\" that boasted 32 million horsepower and burned 2,720kg of rocket-grade kerosene and liquid oxygen every second.\"I was five years old when I watched Apollo 11 unfold on television, and without any doubt it was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering, and exploration,\" he wrote, adding that his team had located the engines but without hinting where they might be.\"We don't know yet what condition these engines might be in - they hit the ocean at high velocity and have been in salt water for more than 40 years. On the other hand, they're made of tough stuff, so we'll see,\" Bezos wrote, adding that his privately funded team was planning to raise the engines.He also noted that he planned to ask Nasa - which still owns the rockets - for permission to display one in the Museum of Flight in his home city of Seattle. His announcement comes days after James Cameron succeeded in his own deep-sea expedition, reaching the bottom of the Mariana Trench, the deepest point on Earth.The attempt to raise the F-1 engines is not the first foray into space technology for Bezos. In 2000, he founded a private space flight firm, Blue Origin, which has received Nasa funding and is working on making orbital and sub-orbital spaceflight commercially available.Nasa expressed excitement about the find. The space agency said it has not been formally contacted by Bezos and waited for more information . \"There has always been great interest in artifacts from the early days of space exploration and his announcement only adds to the enthusiasm of those interested in Nasa's history,\" Nasa spokesman Bob Jacobs said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461975", "title": "US-type flexible education may come to Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Many Indian students often wonder at the number and choice of subjects offered at colleges abroad. While most also harbour dreams of availing of 'better' education in other countries, only a few can actually do so. United States-based Cayuga Community College is trying to make more Indian students get this opportunity.Having already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon, where their first batch would begin in the coming academic year, the New York-based college has now approached Nagpur University for a similar agreement. \"We wish to provide bright Indian students who may otherwise not get the chance to study in a foreign country, the same kind of education in their own universities,\" said Daniel P Larson, president of Cayuga Community College.Agreed dean of enrollment of the college Cheryl Anderson saying there was stress on affordability and accessibility while providing the best provisions of education systems from across the world. \"The aim is to incorporate the best educational practices from all countries and overcome the difficulties. We would also try to make use of all possible tools like online, distance and hybrid education,\" she said.Nikhil Bodhankar, who is an international adviser for the college, said that the aim was to integrate the great intellectual capacities that Indians were known for with the flexible system and personal touch that were the hallmarks of education in US. \"We will initially focus only at undergraduate level, beginning with offering one course and then move to bigger things,\" he said.The professor emeritus of philosophy in the college, Jeffery Delbel said he believed the college would also prove to be a boon for students who wished to pursue an education along with work. \"We would follow the credit system, where completion of a particular area of study is more important than doing so within a particular time. This would make it more easier for students to study at their own speed and convenience,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462611", "title": "No hospital record for babies dying within 4-6 hrs?", "text": "KOLKATA: Infant mortality has been a sore point for the health administration in Bengal, with the recent spate of crib deaths at the Malda Medical College and B C Roy Children's Hospital drawing widespread criticism. Now, experts from the National Collaborative Centre for Neonatal Care (NCCNC), who are in the city to conduct a training programme for doctors in state children's hospitals, suggest deaths that occur within four-six hours of admission should be excluded from hospital records.The step may trigger a controversy no doubt, but experts feel it would help throw light on the existing inadequacy of the primary and secondary care units that force people to take their babies to state hospitals at the last moment.For instance, in the event of a crib death within 4-6 hours, doctors attending to the baby at the hospital would try to locate the area from where the baby came, and whether he/she received the minimum treatment at the primary or secondary care units there. It will also help the government identify the loopholes in the system.While this is a fair argument on paper, the authorities need to make sure that the admission period is not used to shield negligence, the NCCNC doctors cautioned. \"It takes 4-6 hours for medication to work. Babies dying before that period don't have a realistic chance of survival. But it must be checked whether the casualties occurred after treatment had commenced,\" said paeditrician Shantanu Ray.It is for this reason that the experts are emphasizing on improving work culture and bringing about a change in the attitude of doctors.According to the government officials, the spiralling number of crib deaths do not always prove negligence or treatment failure because most of the babies are terminally ill when brought to the tertiary care hospitals. They argue that if implemented, the move will ensure an objective assessment of hospitals that are sometimes blamed for the wrong reason. \"It is unreasonable to expect a children's hospital to work magic. We need resuscitation centres, stabilization units and proper transportation facilities at the rural level to lessen the number of terminally ill cases in children's hospitals,\" said NCCNC chairman Ashoke Dutt. This is especially true of children's hospitals in Bengal which has seen several spates of crib deaths in recent months, he said.\"Crib deaths occur everywhere in India and there's a tendency to hold hospitals responsible without considering the circumstances in which the deaths have occurred,\" said Dutt.A scientific and comprehensive system of baby care needed to be evolved to prevent these deaths, the NCCNC experts pointed out. \"First, we need an awareness programme at the rural level to make sure babies are not subjected to wrong treatment at home. Then, an efficient network of rural health centres and sub-divisional hospitals should be built so that referral hospitals are not unnecessarily burdened. From what we gather, the practice in West Bengal is to wait till a baby reaches a critical state and then shift it to a tertiary care centre which is unscientific and dangerous. No wonder, crib deaths have been spiralling in the state,\" said Arvind Saili, professor-director of the Kalawati Saran Children's Hospital in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465830", "title": "Not a melodious story", "text": "Bhushan Kumar talks about the sorry state of the music industry and how false reports affect itFlabbergasted with constant reports of music rights being sold for Rs 9 or 10 crore, T-Series head honcho decided to speak up. \"I have been forced to speak up on a public platform. When you read about music rights of a particular film being sold for Rs 10 crore, you should know that it is completely false. In fact, I just bought the music of Dabangg for Rs 6 crore and before that, I had bought Agent Vinod for Rs 4.5 crore,\" claimed Bhushan, whose company has been buying and releasing 85 percent film albums these days.To understand why music rights no longer generate big monies, one has to look into the revenue model. \"As a music company, we recover our money from radio, Internet, ringtones and television. Among these, radio and Internet has royalty and piracy issues. As for television and ringtones, the money starts flowing in only after the film works at the box office. If the film bombs, our efforts go to waste. For us, it takes approximately three years to recover our money from these mediums,\" explained Bhushan.But that doesn't prevent music companies to invest in certain films. \"We do give huge prices for films like RA.One or Dabangg. We preempt their success at the box office,\" he added.This had not been the case always. Bhushan revealed that earlier they were allotted a considerable amount of money to invest in music rights. \"Now, the budget has come down to Rs 65-75 crore annually. Most films we buy on a commission basis. Out of the 25 films we release every year, we look for that one Tanu Weds Manu or Ishqiyaan to help us recover the money,\" Bhushan told Mirror.With the music industry going through a rocky patch, survival has become a big issue for the music banners. \"The only reason we are still pulling through is that we have a huge catalogue of regional and devotional music from the days when my father (Gulshan Kumar) was still alive. He had created a lot of music and at cheap rates. We are reaping its benefit now,\" he said.However, films quoting inflated figures as a part of a PR exercise have put music companies in a fix. \"Filmmakers should understand that recovering money has become a problem in the industry. I would buy the rights of an Imran Khan or Shahid Kapoor film for Rs 2 crore. But now, even they ask for Rs 5-6 crore. They should try and be reasonable. Or else, the music industry will be finished,\" concluded Bhushan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463817", "title": "13/7 Dadar bomber identified", "text": "MUMBAI: There seems to be a breakthrough in the 13/7 serial blasts case. The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has identified the man who planted the explosive at Dadar on July 13, 2011, which killed one person and injured 10. The suspect, policemen told TOI, is on the run in south India and teams of policemen have been dispatched to apprehend him.The Dadar bombing was one of the three that rocked Mumbai last year, killing 27 people and injuring 137. The ATS cracked the case in January this year with the arrest of four men, including three alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) members. In court documents, the ATS cited two individuals-identified only as 'A' and 'B'-as the bomb planters at Zaveri Bazar and Opera House. Some sources said the two unidentified men were Pakistanis named Waqqas and Tabrez. The identity of the Dadar Kabutarkhana bomber, however, was unknown until now.Police sources said the bomber knew his counterparts at Zaveri Bazar and Opera House. Born and raised in Maharashtra, the suspect was shifted to his family's native place of Darbhanga in Bihar eight years ago, when \"he had a love affair with a girl,\" a cop told TOI. He came to Mumbai in the first week of July last year.The suspect's name came up in the 13/7 investigation during the interrogation of one of the arrested men, Naqi Shaikh. Naqi is alleged to have arranged accommodation in Mumbai for the two suspected Pakistani bombers and IM co-founder Yasin Bhatkal. The suspect's cropped up again during the questioning of Kafeel Ahmed by the Delhi police. Ahmed, who was arrested in February this year and is suspected to be an IM ideologue and recruiter, allegedly revealed the suspect's role in the Dadar blast.Wary of risking the operation in south India, senior police officials refused to reveal the identity of the suspect and remained tightlipped about the breakthrough. \"Our investigation is at a crucial stage and we don't want to speak about it at all,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria.Apart from Naqi Shaikh, the ATS have till now arrested alleged IM members Haroon Rasheed Naik and Nadeem Akhtar and Delhi-based hawala operator Kanwarnain Pathrija. Akhtar is alleged to have ferried explosives from Delhi to Mumbai and stolen one of the scooters on which a bomb was planted. \"He smuggled the explosives and detonators from Delhi to Mumbai and handed them over to Naqi. Akhtar and Naqi also stole two motorbikes and two scooters. One of the scooters was used in the Zaveri Bazar bomb blast. We have recovered the two other motor bikes from Bihar,\" Maria had said earlier.Naik, meanwhile, is said to have sent over Rs 10 lakh through hawala channels from UAE to Delhi. This money was received by Pathrija and passed on to Bhatkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462914", "title": "MBBS 1st year student bid to end life", "text": "LUCKNOW: A first-year MBBS student at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) attempted to commit suicide by consuming sleeping pills on Thursday morning, five months after he failed in the physiology paper. The examinations were held in October and results were announced last November.\"He consumed more than 30 sleeping pills which were enough to take his life,\" said one of the students. The agitated student tried to stall patient care services at the Trauma Centre, however, the services were restored after police intervened. CSMMU spokesperson Dr Abbas Mahdi, said, \"He (Neeraj) is stable and undergoing treatment at the medicine department emergency of Trauma Centre.\"According to Neeraj's friends, the first year final examination were held in September 2011. But as he was not well, he took the supplementary examination in October. When the results were declared in November, he failed to clear the physiology paper and was one of the 18 students who were not promoted to the second year.The 20-year-old went into depression , his friends said, adding that he also started skipping classes. On Thursday, when he didn't turn up for the class, some of his friends went to his hostel room to check. They found him in an unconscious state in his hostel room. Seeing strips of an anti-depressant littered around, the students informed their seniors and rushed him to Trauma Centre of the university. Timely medical intervention saved his life.The incident turned serious as Neeraj belongs to the reserved category student (Scheduled Caste). This revived the issue of alleged caste based discrimination by teachers in the institution. When asked to comment in this regard, CSMMU vice-chancellor Devendra K Gupta said, \"Though the real cause is still not known, we presume that he was depressed over his failure. However, as far as the allegation of discrimination is concerned, I am sure that there has been no discrimination of any sort at any level.\"Neeraj's classmates described him as a bright student. \"He cracked the CBSE medical entrance exam and was among top 30 students in his category. Even in the first year examination, he topped in anatomy and secured first division marks in biochemistry. So, it sounds strange that he could not clear physiology paper,\" his batchmate Irfan said. Another batchmate Mithlesh Kumar said, \"Neeraj faired well in high school and intermediate. In both the exams, he secured more than 85% marks. He cracked medical entrance exam in the first attempt,\" said Mithlesh.More than 18 students failed in physiology in the first year exam this year and those failing for several years have also fallen prey to this subject. \"There is something wrong with the system,\" alleged Subrat Gupta, a final year student.The V-C said, \"We should not mix the two issues. The case of students failing for several years is different from the case of Neeraj and those who failed for the first time. About 10-15% students fail in all subjects. Our system is fair and transparent. The copies are bar-coded and the answer-sheets are centrally examined.\"Lucknow: Some batch mates of Neeraj claimed that he was scolded by 'V-C sir' on March 22. \"He looked tensed, when he returned after meeting the V-C. In fact, it appeared that he had lost all hopes,\" recalled a student. Neeraj had reportedly gone to find out the progress of a settlement finalised before SC/ST Commission of India, Delhi on March 13.However, as per claims, the V-C pulled him up 'for daring to spearhead a campaign for wrong people.' He allegedly scolded him to 'stay within limits' and even threatened him of consequence including ruining the career.When asked to comment, V-C Prof DK Gupta said, \"Neeraj was very much there before the commission. He subsequently came here (to the V-C office) also and we had a heart to heart discussion. (He had come along with many other students not alone) And they all were happy. But, I think there is a group of students in this university who had been misguiding them.\"CSMMU spokesperson AA Mahdi also rubbished the claim saying, \"This is a baseless allegation. Some wrong persons are trying to take advantage of the situation by planting such stories.\" He added that the settlement contains eight points of which two are crucial. One of them relates to re-evaluation of answer books in the presence of external observers, while the other is about promoting students to second year.\"With regard to the issue of re-evaluation, it has already been clarified that there are no provisions in the university rules that allow a re-check. A high court order bans re-evaluation as well. Still, we have written to the chancellor to take a call on the issue. Lack of rules/provisions is the problem, in case of the demand for promotion to second year. So, we have asked the students to submit a representation to us and we would put the matter before the Medical Council of India. Based on MCI's direction, the future course of action would be decided,\" said Dr Mahdi.It may be noted that the students want another high court order that promoted a student to the next class to be taken as the base for their promotion as well. The university says that it is not possible to go their way. \"The judgment came in an individual case and cannot be replicated,\" said an official in CSMMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12466447", "title": "Swimming coaching camp", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation will conduct swimming coaching camp for aspirants at its pool at Lady Hill here from April 3 to May 31. The batches are from 7.30 am to 8.15 am, 8.30 am to 9.15 am, 9.30 am to 10.15 am for boys, and from 3.30 pm to 4.15 pm and 4.30 pm to 5.15 pm for women. For details, dial: 2220320.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12464214", "title": "Organic solution for hyacinth menace", "text": "MADURAI: Efforts to tackle the water hyacinth menace in Vandiyur lake, the largest water body in Madurai, has received fresh impetus with the city civic body now employing a new scientific method. The city corporation has embarked on spraying phytocide, created from organic material, on the weed which has yielded satisfactory results so far.Water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), an invasive weed occupying the surface of water bodies including Vaigai River, has been a constant nuisance. The corporation has often tried removing the weeds using men and machines to no avail. Last year, the corporation conducted a massive exercise to remove the weed from the river Vaigai on the instructions of Union minister, M K Alagiri. But the results were not very encouraging.Phytocide, produced by an Erode-based company is an organic product derived from neem, citric acid and other herbal components that destroys the photosynthesis process of water hyacinth. It kills the plant to the root level in four to five hours without affecting the water system or flora or fauna in the water body. Mayor V V RAjan Chellappa inspected the tank on Thursday and expressed his satisfaction.A Maduram, city engineer (incharge) said after he heard about the product being tested in Coimbatore, he called for a trial in the Vandiyur lake which proved to be a success. \"A few days after phytocide is sprayed, the hyacinth is reduced to dry leaves which can be then collected mechanically and burned or else can be used as organic manure. Besides, killing the water hyacinth, the phytocide once sprayed, will control the reproduction of the plant for the next five years,\" S Murthy Sathyaraj, proprietor of Eco-Health Products Pvt Ltd explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12467216", "title": "BHU professor motivates Punjab Agricultural University students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Head of the department of extension education, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University , professor Deepak De delivered a thought-provoking lecture on \"framework of entrepreneurial venture\" at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) on Thursday.Deinteracted with the faculty and students of directorate of extension education, business management, economics and sociology, home science extension and communication management (HSECM) and family resource management.Referring to the various phases of entrepreneurial venture, De said that unsatisfied needs, alertness, capabilities, educational background, professional experience and network lead to identification of an enterprise. He exhorted the youths to convert their ideas into reality, transform the concept into a marketable product, interact with several components such as suppliers, bankers and devote time to the management of the organization for the success of an enterprise.\"It is not your bank book or the colour of your skin or your birth that determines your worth, but your attitude is the only factor that decides your success,\" said De, calling upon the students to opt for a different managerial style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12462741", "title": "State govt asks PSUs to pay for Sardar statue for 2nd year", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In an urgently called meeting on Thursday, Gujarat government has taken commitment from dozen-odd state public sector undertakings (PSUs) to provide for the second consecutive year a sum of Rs 64 crore for constructing the proposed 182-metre high statue of Sardar Patel, about three kilometers downstream of the Narmada dam.Despite reluctance on the part of some PSUs to provide funds for the statue at a time when they are hit by falling profits, Gujarat chief secretary Achal Kumar Joti, chairing the meeting, took commitment of anywhere between Rs 5 crore and Rs 10 crore from each PSU, said insiders.Among those who attended the meeting were IAS officials heading PSUs like Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation, Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation , Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd, Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilisers Company , Gujarat State Fertilisers and Chemicals and Gujarat Industrial Power Corporation Ltd.\"The PSUs will have to get committed amount approved from the their respective board meetings. However, these PSUs won't need to go to their annual general meetings, as the amount will be very small, less than five per cent in most cases of their average profit of the last three years, which they can donate as corporate social responsibility for income tax exemption,\" a state PSU chief told TOI.Ironically, the meeting was held against the backdrop of latest revelation that the state PSUs have been incurring thousands of crores of rupees of loss, as found reflected in the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report to be placed in the Gujarat state assembly on Friday. The CAG has calculated a loss of over Rs 5,000 crore of GSPC alone, apart from Rs 4,216 crore loss by other state PSUs over the last three years.The PSU commitment of Rs 64 crore for the statue - nicknamed as Statue of Unity - is for the next financial year, 2012-13. \"The amount is over and above Rs 60 crore similarly collected from the state PSUs and another Rs 10 crore budgeted last year for the statue. The entire amount remains unspent till date. In the next financial year, the state government has budgeted Rs 100 crore for the statue, taking the total amount for the statue to Rs 234 crore, enough for laying foundation of the statue,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467896", "title": "Aishwarya sends a special CD to Rajini", "text": "The most expected film, 3, is releasing today. The Kolaveri di song in the film has raised the expectation levels for this film so much that the release date was eagerly anticipated by movie buffs and critics alike.A special screening for the celebrities was arranged a couple of days ago and Kamal Haasan happened to see the film too. He appreciated Aishwarya Dhanush, Dhanush, Shruti Haasan and all others for the efforts and hard work that had gone into the making of 3.Since Aishwarya Dhanush's dad, Superstar Rajinikanth is out of the country for the shooting of Kochadaiyaan, she has sent a copy of the CD for her dad. Aishwarya feels that it would be a blessing if he sees the film before its release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "luckknow", "code": "12462552", "title": "Mayawati's pet projects lose homeguards", "text": "LUCKKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government on Thursday withdrew over 450 homeguards deployed for the security of various memorials and parks built in the city the name of dalit icons by previous chief minister Mayawati. An inquiry has also been ordered to find out under what circumstances the previous regime had decided to demolish the Parikalp Nagar residential colony meant for irrigation department engineers. The colony was demolished for expansion of the eco-garden project which was later merged with Budh Vihar Shanti Upvan.Minister for homeguards and vocational education, Brahma Shankar Tripathi told journalists, \"The homeguards deployed for the security of memorials, statues and parks have been withdrawn with immediate effect.\" He said that these homeguards were deployed in addition to the Suraksha Vahini raised especially for the security of these projects. \"As there is a dedicated force for the security of memorials, there is no need to deploy home guards. They can be used for other tasks as per the requirement,\" he added.The minister further said that the homeguards were posted at dalit memorials for the past three years. \"Their deployment was causing unnecessary burden on the state exchequer,\" he said. The sanctioned strength of homeguards in the state is around 1.17 lakh and they are used on duties like policing, traffic duty, election duty as per the requirement and are paid an honorarium of Rs 160 per day. During the previous government, 75 homeguards were deployed at the official residence of the chief minister, 36 with the then minister of the department and 50 with his minister of state and 39 at the fifth floor of the secretariat annexe having chief minister's office, the minister said.He also said that complaints of anomalies in the recruitment by the previous government have been taken seriously and guilty would be dealt with strictly. On the other hand, public works department minister Shivpal Yadav has ordered an inquiry into the Parikalp Nagar case. He also directed officers concerned to produce all documents related to construction of dalit memorials. The demolition of colony had resulted in hardships for the engineers who were given only a day to vacant and look for other residential accommodation.Yadav also transferred 15 executive engineers, eight superintendent engineers and two chief engineers of the irrigation department. These engineers were said to be close to Naseemuddin Siddiqui, the public works department and irrigation minister in Mayawati regime. Yadav has also ordered an inquiry into alleged anomalies in projects related to flood control in previous government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12466523", "title": "Tax relief on digging wells", "text": "Ranchi: Citizens can now breathe easy for a while as taxes for deep boring will not be implemented. This was decided at a meeting of the water board on Thursday.A few days ago, it was decided that people will have to pay very high registration fees and renewal fees to the Ranchi Municipal Corporation for digging wells or for doing deep boring on their land. The decision faced a lot of protest and as a result another meeting was called to discuss the matter further.CEO, RMC, Vinay Chaubey, said, \"For the time being no tax will be imposed. A committee of five members has been made under the chairmanship of director of water board Suresh Sahu. The committee will tour other cities and study the taxes imposed there.\"A time of one month has been given to the committee to submit the survey report after which new taxes will be decided. Ward counsellor Rajesh Gupta said, \"I do not care whether a committee is made or not. I am against imposing any kind of boring taxes.\"It was also decided at the meeting that an amount of Rs 2 lakh will be given to every ward councillor to lay pipelines in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12462896", "title": "Breather for Maoist leader with kidnap-case links", "text": "KORAPUT: Alleged Maoist sympathizer Gananatha Patra, whose release is demanded by the kidnappers of an Italian national, was on Thursday acquitted by a fast-track court in a case involving abduction of 11 people in Koraput district in 2009.Additional district judge of the fast track court, S Prabhakar Rao acquitted Patra, who was accused of being involved in the abduction of 11 people in Bandhugaon area in 2009, due to lack of evidence. However, Patra who is currently lodged in Koraput jail, is facing charges in three other cases.Patra, adviser of the Maoist-backed Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), is among the ultras and their sympathizers whose release has been demanded by the abductors of the Puri-based 54-year-old Italian tour operator Paolo Bosusco.Bosusco's compatriot, Claudio Colangelo was released by Maoists on Sunday as a \"goodwill gesture.\" Both had been abducted by the rebels while trekking in the forests of Kandhamal district on March 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466147", "title": "All\u2019s well in house as speaker, opposition make peace", "text": "GUWAHATI: The two-day standoff between the opposition and legislative assembly speaker Pranab Gogoi over his \"crow\" remark in the house on Tuesday ended on Thursday after a reconciliation meeting between the two sides.The opposition, comprising AIUDF, AGP and BJP, has withdrawn its decision to stay away from the proceedings of the assembly and will attend the house on Friday, parliamentary affairs minister Nilamoni Sen Deka said.For the second day on Thursday, the opposition members did not enter the house. Instead, they staged a demonstration inside the assembly complex, their faces covered with black cloth as a mark of protest against the speaker for refusing to delete his remark equating the AIUDF members' behaviour with \"noisy crows\" from the proceedings. The speaker, who on Tuesday told AIUDF MLAs, \"Don't make noise like crows\", has been maintaining his stand that there is nothing unparliamentary about the word crow and there is no need to delete the word from the proceedings.\"The opposition members and the speaker held a meeting in the most cordial manner and the issue has been settled,\" Deka, who played the peacemaker's role said. Friday is the last day of the ongoing budget session of the assembly.Like Wednesday, the day's proceedings in the house on Thursday passed off without the attendance of any member of the opposition.As the house assembled in the morning, the opposition members squatted near the entrance of the assembly for their protest demonstration. The meeting of the two parties was held after the day's business of the house was over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462895", "title": "HC draws plan to cut case pile-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: For those who have been stuck in a legal battle for years, here is some good news. Any case - civil or criminal - that has been pending in a trial court in the capital for more than five years will be disposed of within six months.The Delhi high court has chalked out an ambitious plan to reduce the backlog of pending cases by the end of this year. A recent HC circular to the six district courts asked judges to identify such pending cases and take them up on priority.With over seven lakh cases pending before the trial courts, an ambitious plan has been chalked out by Delhi high court that aims to reduce the backlog considerably by the end of this year. The HC's directions have come after a letter was written by Chief Justice of India showing the \"areas of concern\".In a recent circular issued to the six district courts in the capital, Delhi high court asked the judges to \"identify\" such pending cases and take them up on priority. \"The judicial officers be asked to identify cases pending in their respective courts for more than five years as on date and set targets for disposal of such cases within a period of six months by properly managing their respective courts,\" the circular states.This move, being described as 'Five-plus-zero-initiative', is giving sleepless nights to the trial court judges, who have been asked to submit their progress report \"every two months\".Even pending corruption cases will figure in this priority list, perhaps due to a sudden rise in such cases involving high-profile accused. An urgent need has been expressed in the circular to \"expedite\" disposal of these cases, which usually drag on in courts for years before they get decided. \"Directions may also be issued to all special judges (and) CBI, emphasizing that all efforts be made for expeditious disposal of the cases under Prevention of Corruption Act, especially the cases pending for finalarguments...preferably within three to four months,\" the circular said.The circular also takes a hard look at the courts that deal with 'cheque bounce' cases under Negotiable Instruments Act. It asks them to bring down pendency by 50 per cent by December 2012. Cheque bounce cases contribute the maximum to the backlog in court with over 2.2 lakh pending now. To achieve the target, senior judges have been asked to \"ensure\" that the metropolitan magistrates dealing with NI Act cases are provided with \"adequate staff and support from police stations in executing summons and warrants\". All these judges have been asked to submit a progress report on a quarterly basis.While the lower judiciary has welcomed the move, many feel the deadline of December 2012 is a little \"too ambitious\". A judge, who didn't wish to be named, said: \"There are cases that have been pending in court for over a decade without even the trial getting started. Even if we expedite the process, it will be difficult to wrap them up in six months. However, giving old cases top priority will ensure that those who are facing a protracted trial will see the end of it in nearfuture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463732", "title": "Charminar Bank liquidator transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: The commissioner and the registrar of cooperative societies on Thursday relieved N Kiranmayee of her duties as the liquidator of the Charminar Cooperative Urban Bank ( CCUB) allegedly under pressure from the political lobby of loan defaulters.Kiranmayee, joint registrar and district cooperative officer, was appointed the bank's liquidator on November 15 last, seven days after the RBI declared it insolvent and cancelled its license. Sources said Kiranmayee, who reportedly enjoys the reputation of a straight officer, had begun working on plans to recover outstanding loans of the bank that stood at nearly Rs 107 crore. Several major defaulters, including politicians, formed a lobby and began exerting pressure on the cooperation minister about two months ago, the sources added.According to sources in the Secretariat, following the instructions of the minister for cooperation to shift Kiranmayee, the commissioner reportedly held an official meeting of the department to make it look like regular transfer of officers. The meeting on March 20 was held to \"discuss the situation of all the 33 cooperative urban banks in the state which are under liquidation.\" The meeting concluded that many of the liquidators had not completed their task within the stipulated time of three years. Based on this conclusion they shuffled seven liquidators, including Kiranmayee.\"It is strange that Kiranmayee has been clubbed under the category of officers who did not complete their assignments in time. The bank was liquidated on November 8 and she was appointed liquidator on November 15. That means she has been in the job only for about four months achieving good results. Then how could she be shifted?\" asked a senior government official who had earlier worked with the department of cooperation.The sources said Kiranmayee had started issuing notices to the defaulters for auctioning of properties that had been mortgaged with the bank. By convincing defaulters to pay up, the sixth installment of Rs 6.24 crore was recently released. The depositors have already collected Rs 5.41crore from this installment which had fallen due on September 30 last. Kiranmayee reportedly told depositors that the seventh installment, which is due on March 31, would be paid by the end of April. With her sudden transfer, the depositors have been left worrying once again about the return of their money. Sources said that Kiranmayee would be handing over charge to her successor N Venugopal Sharma within a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462344", "title": "Officials told to implement new schemes after April 15", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday held a meeting with secretaries and heads of departments and directed them to submit their final proposals by April 15 to implement the schemes proposed in the BudgetDuring his Budget presentation, Parrikar had announced various schemes for different sections of people including a reduction in petrol price.Parrikar had called the meeting to inform officials that they should take pro-active steps to implement the schemes announced in the Budget.Sources in the government said that Parrikar has directed officials not to wait for the Budget team to instruct them to implement the schemes in their respective departments.Parrikar also instructed officials that if they have any queries regarding the implementation of schemes then the respective official can approach him on or before April 5 to clarify their queries for implementing the schemes.\"Parrikar instructed officials that they should submit the final proposal by April 15 to implement the schemes proposed in the Budget. Implementation should begin soon after,\" sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461811", "title": "Drawing 'first' blood", "text": "NAGPUR: The blood bank at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) will soon be upgraded into a 'model blood bank', the only one of its kind in the state with all the state-of-the-art facilities. Though the Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society (MSACS) has already granted the status to the bank, the formal announcement will come after the bank completes all procedural formalities and meet the standards laid down by MSACS.\"It is a matter of pride that we would be the first model bank in the government sector in the state. We are merely 500 units away from the 10,000 units annual collection. Last year collected 9034 units due to support from National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO), MSACS and the State Blood Transfusion Council (SBTC). They have funded various equipment for the bank under different schemes,\" said GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar.Blood bank in-charge Dr Neena Pangarkar told TOI the college could double the number of blood donation camps over the last year mainly due to the availability of a mobile blood bank provided by NACO. \"The mobile blood bank costing Rs 1.35 crore has come as a big boon to GMCH. It helps us organize camps even in remote areas, in colleges and government offices. People hesitate to come and donate in open camps. But when we reach their doorsteps with the bus, they willingly come and offer to donate blood,\" she said.In 2010, the GMCH blood bank had organized only 54 camps and collected 7,629 units. This included 2,713 units collected through camps and 4,916 units collected from voluntary donors and replacement donors. In 2011, with the mobile bank, the college organized 104 camps and collected 4,340 units, while remaining 4,649 came from voluntary and replacement donors.Dr Kirti Jaiswal, lecturer in pathology department at GMCH and former blood bank in-charge, said that the bank had intensified its drive further this year, and has already collected 2,214 units since January 1 at 27 camps. Speaking about the mobile bank she said, \"It is fully air-conditioned with all infrastructure required. Four persons can donate blood at a time on four specially designed chairs. The van also has two televisions and a DVD music player to ensure comfort of donor. The van has a refrigerator and oven for refreshments. Technical facilities like four blood storage cabinets and above all an inbuilt toilet are also incorporated in the bus,\" she said.The GMCH blood bank has facilities at present to separate all blood components, like red blood cells, platelets and plasma. It is also equipped with refrigerators or walk-in coolers, which can store blood at -40 and -80 degrees Celsius, cryo-precipitators and two units to store blood at 4 degrees.To become a model blood bank, the college only needs an apheresis machine, which collects required blood components from a donor and sends remaining components back into the body. The machine is expected to arrive soon. The college also needs to create and appoint a managing director and a clerk-cum-receptionist to manage operations.\"We need at least seven units per bed annually for the hospital. The biggest requirement is from gynaecology, orthopaedic and surgery departments. We have managed to increase collection mainly due to support from NGOs. Even if 2% of our population donates blood, we can meet the requirement. But it needs continuous awareness drives. We regularly hold lectures and talks in colleges and government offices. But we still need to reach out to more people,\" said Dr Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12468733", "title": "Living micro-robot 'to detect diseases in humans'", "text": "LONDON: Scientists say they are developing a micro-robot that can function like a living creature to detect diseases in humans.An international team, including Newcastle University in the UK, says the micro-robot, &quot;Cyberplasm&quot;, would combine advanced microelectronics with latest research in biomimicry -- technology inspired by nature.The aim is for Cyberplasm to have an electronic nervous system, \"eye\" and \"nose\" sensors derived from mammalian cells, as well as artificial muscles that use glucose as an energy source to propel it, say the scientists.Cyberplasm will be designed to mimic key functions of the sea lamprey, a creature found mainly in the Atlantic Ocean. It is believed this approach will enable the micro-robot to be extremely sensitive and responsive to the environment it is put into, according to the team.Future uses could include the ability to swim unobtrusively through the human body to detect a whole range of diseases, the 'ScienceDaily' reported.\"Nothing matches a living creature's natural ability to see and smell its environment and therefore to collect data on what's going on around it,\" said bioengineer Dr Daniel Frankel of Newcastle University, who is leading the UK-based work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466315", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow to star as Picasso\u2019s lover", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow is all set to play the role of Pablo Picasso's lover Dora Maar in a film about the painting of his seminal work, Guernica.The 39-year-old actress will star in the Carlos Saura film, titled '33 Dias', opposite Antonio Banderas in the role of Picasso, the Telegraph reported.Maar was a surrealist artist and photographer, a woman who Picasso had painted with her right eye lodged in her nose, her mouth firmly embedded in her left cheek, and her left eye hovering in profile in the centre of her forehead.The Oscar winning actress, who is known for her flawless skin and wonderfully regular features, will have to undergo radical transformation to successfully convey the surrealist qualities of Picasso's muse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12462828", "title": "Defence deal: Deve Gowda denies bribe talk", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Karnataka chief minister H D Kumaraswamy created a flutter on Thursday afternoon, alleging that a middleman had offered his father, H D Deve Gowda , a bribe when he was the Prime Minister to push a defence deal. Just as the buzz peaked into intense speculation, Deve Gowda held a presser within hours to deny the claim.Gowda, who headed a coalition government for 10 months in 1996, clarified that there were no middlemen during his tenure. \"There is no question of anybody trying to bribe me on any matter, not just defence deals,'' he said.In support of his argument, Gowda released a one-page extract from \"Babudom and Netaland - Governance in India'', a book written by T S R Subramanian, who was cabinet secretary when Gowda was the PM.The book quotes Gowda telling Subramanian: \"I want you and Satish Chandran (his then principal secretary) to help me with my plans. My sons and relatives will want to exploit my present position to their advantage. They will use their proximity to me through open and subtle ways to influence you and put pressure. I want you to be completely fair and impartial and not oblige them.''Kumaraswamy dropped the bombshell at a press meet convened to speak about alleged encroachment of waqf properties. He mentioned the 1996 bribe offer in passing to say corruption has been around from times immemorial.He did not disclose details on the middleman, the deal or the bribe quantum. Asked why was he sharing the details after 16 years, the former CM said: \"Army chief V K Singh's revelations that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe made me do so.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12462554", "title": "In Gujarat, 3-year jail for slapping a doctor", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat state assembly on Thursday passed a bill which makes any form of \"violence on medicare service personnel and damage of the property of medical service institutes\" a congisable and non-bailable offence.Passed unanimously in the absence of majority of Opposition legislators who were suspended for the rest of the current session of the state assembly, except three, the Statement of Objects and Reasons attached with the bill - called Gujarat Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institutions (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss of Property) Bill, 2012 - recognizes that there has been a sharp rise in the incidence of violence and damage to property of medicare service institutions in the recent past.It admits, \"Increase in the incidents of violence has resulted in unrest among medical persons, disruption of medical services and inconvenience to the general public.\"The bill says that any person who indulges in this type of violence, or even abets it, \"shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years or with fine which may extend to Rs 50,000, or with both\". Then, the person indulging in violence will be liable to pay penalty of twice the market price of medical equipment damaged and the loss caused to the property. The amount, it adds, would be determined by the court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461882", "title": "Agencies tighten dragnet, conduct raid in Nandurbar", "text": "MUMBAI: Teams of the state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), Nandurbar police and Madhya Pradesh police conducted a raid at a house in Mehterpura in Nandurbar district on Wednesday evening in search of two suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives. Sources said there was information that the men had taken shelter in the house, but, when the raid was carried out, they were not found at the spot.The teams of policemen, sources said, reached the house at 6.30pm on Wednesday. \"Two rooms had been given out on rent to two youths who are in the business of selling bed sheets. At the time of the raid, they were not there. The police teams checked the rooms and seized some documents,\" said a source.It is learnt that the rooms belong to one Yusuf Kiranawala, who was in Surat with his family when the raids took place. Locals told the police that the two youths were reserved and were usually busy running their trade.Agencies have begun tightening the dragnet around the Indian Mujahideen network after an ATS team arrested two of the outfit's suspected operatives and killed another in Aurangabad on March 26. A day later, the ATS arrested two more terror operatives-Aqueel Khilji and Mohammed Jaffar-from Buldhana district. Police said the men were hiding in rural Maharashtra to avoid police suspicion and to expand the group's network. \"They wanted to recruit men for the outfit. We had been following them for the last three months,\" said an ATS source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462588", "title": "Kerala fishermen's killings: Italian ship may leave against Rs 3 crore bond", "text": "KOCHI: Nearly six weeks after marines on board the Enrica Lexie killed two fishermen, mistaking them for pirates, the Kerala high court on Thursday cleared the decks for Italian tanker Enrica Lexie to leave Kochi if the ship's owners furnished a bond of Rs 3 crore.The HC also directed Dolphin Tankers, Enrica's owners, to furnish an undertaking that the ship, which has been detained off Cochin port since February 15, would be produced before any competent authority in India on a notice of three weeks. The Italian marines, however, were still under arrest, pending further hearings of the trial.Advocate general K P Dandapani argued the ship and the crew shouldn't be allowed to leave the country as the vessel had to be searched again if forensic report raises doubts that evidence was tampered with.However, the court overruled the argument, pointing out that the affidavit filed by the investigating officer has made it clear that search and seizure of weapons aboard have been completed.Delay by the state government in effecting a formal seizure of the ship also went against the argument with the court pointing out that the government's last minute move cannot be accepted.The court noted that the affidavit filed by the state government on March 5 in response to the petition to release the ship had stated nothing about the seizure of the ship but the government filed a seizure memo at Kollam chief judicial magistrate court on March 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463457", "title": "59% jump in per capita consumption of liquor in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab is on a quite a high. The state has recorded an astronomical jump in downing alcohol, or better still, drowning in it. The per capita consumption of liquor in Punjab increased by 59.2% from 2.5 proof liters (PL) to 4.09 proof liters in just six years between 2005 to 2011.The consumption of liquor in the state rose from 660 lakh PL to 1,173 PL in 2011, pushing Punjab to the second slot just behind Kerala.There are over 7,000 liquor vends in the state, including of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) and Punjab made liquor (PML).But according to the comptroller and auditor general (CAG), the Punjab's excise department has failed to keep pace with the increasing trend of alcohol consumption in the state and could have earned more than what it did.Punjab's profits from liquor increased from Rs 1,568.16 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 2,373.07 crore in 2010-2011 but as per a CAG report on the Punjab excise department, the revenue should have been more than this.The report states that the state government has not specified norms for the production of alcohol and beer from grains due to which potential revenue loss is possible.The report has pointed a number of flaws in policies and other discrepancies that resulted in revenue loss to the government.As per the report, the allotment of additional quota for sale of liquor at concessional rates to the licensees was injudicious resulting in loss of revenue to the government.The allotment of additional quota between 2007 and 2010 resulted in a loss of Rs 22.61 crore, says the report.The department also failed to fully utilize the development funds.As per the report, out of the Rs 31.49 crore collected up to March, 2010, only Rs 5.63 crore were utilized by the excise department.The CAG report has also rapped the excise department for not transferring education cess to the education department fund.The report states that Rs 199.78 crore was collected from 2005 to 2010 as education cess but only Rs 32.99 crore was transferred during April 2008 to January 2009 to the education department fund and the remaining Rs 166.79 were not transferred.The CAG has also slammed the excise department for non-recovery of license fee, interest and stated that the department does not have adequate manpower.Among a number of recommendations, the CAG has suggested to the excise department to review the policy of allotment of additional quota of liquor at concessional rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461638", "title": "Full tax rollback on LPG not fair on poor, says Ajit", "text": "MUMBAI: Announcing a partial rollback of the proposed 5% tax on LPG cylinders, finance minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday told the legislative council, \"We are prepared to put in extra efforts and recover this amount from other sources. It is important to keep in mind the sentiments of the people of Maharashtra and the parties representing them.\"The proposed tax had invited criticism form all political parties, including Pawar's own NCP, as it would have made cylinders dearer by at least Rs 20. In fact, protests from the Congress, Shiv Sena and the BJP had resulted in disruption of House proceedings. The raise did not go down well with the NCP parliamentary board too, leading to it passing a resolution supporting a rollback.In his reply to the budget debate in the council, Pawar explained that a 5% levy on LPG was being imposed in most major states of the country, including Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand. It was exempted in Maharashtra in 2008 and the concession continued until last year. He argued that a full rollback would not be fair on the poorest of poor as most of them use kerosene and pay a 3% tax.Reacting to sharp criticism of what is being dubbed a 'visionless' budget, Pawar requested the opposition to engage on constructive criticism and not just condemn proposals for the sake of opposing them. He cited the example of the Jaitapur Nuclear Power Project, calling it the need of the hour. Maharashtra, Pawar said, would be free of load-shedding by December 2012 and the Jaitapur plant would pave way for future power generation. \"Natural resources will not last forever. We must think about Jaitapur as our future,\" he said.Welcoming the announcement on LPG, president of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee Manikrao Thakre, who had led a delegation to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan protesting against the hike, said the state government and finance minister had respected people's sentiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462225", "title": "Now, Pune MSRTC on double duty", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has asked its Pune division to implement the Nashik pattern of double duties among its staff to cut costs from April 1, despite the fact that this pattern has come under fire in recent times.The deputy labour commissioner of Nashik recently asked the Nashik division of the MSRTC to recruit employees to cut down on double duties of drivers, and the minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar assured the legislative council on Thursday that the double duty routine would be scrapped. The Pune MSRTC employees' union has decided to oppose the decision tooth and nail.The Nashik division has been implementing the 'return-duty' system, in which the drivers have to take the bus to Pune and return the same day, since 1999. \"There is a tremendous shortage of employees (drivers) in the corporation (MSRTC) and hence the Nashik division came up with the plan, which not only helped the MSRTC to cater to the public's demands and increase the revenue but also helped the drivers earn an extra amount of money,\" a senior official from the central office confirmed.Using the same formula, the Pune division has been ordered to implement the return-duty plan for drivers taking buses to Nashik.When MLC Jayant Jadhav had raised the issue in the state legislative council on Thursday, the minister of state said that new recruitment of drivers was in process and double duties of the drivers would be cancelled. When asked if orders to the Pune division would be withdrawn, the official said the orders would stand. \"We have no communication to stop the orders for Pune or even Nashik,\" the official said, adding that the formula was being implemented in a number of divisions including Aurangabad, Latur and others. \"If the MSRTC can save crew members with this, it will continue with the plan,\" the officials said.The Nashik-Pune route by MSRTC's buses takes four-and-a-half hours, even as practically it should take around six hours. The return duty means steering duty of more than 13 hours a day - physically and mentally exhausting. This is why the employees' association has been protesting for some time now. After much opposition by drivers and the union, a road committee from the central office was set up for inspection and it explained that the duty was too long. However, instead of taking corrective measures, the MSRTC has now issued the same orders to the Pune division.\"The ST Kamgar Sanghatana has vociferously opposed the MSRTC move and since the representations did not work, it finally appealed to the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik. At a time when he has asked the MSRTC to ensure that the return-duty plan is stopped at the earliest, it is surprising that the administration is taking the same step elsewhere,\" Hanumant Tate, secretary, ST Kamagar Sanghatana, said.He further warned that any efforts to force the drivers to take up duties - that he claimed violated Motor Transport Workers Act 1961- would be opposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463686", "title": "11-year-old polluting vehicle costs man Rs 50,ooo", "text": "MUMBAI: Bringing an old, polluting commercial vehicle into the city could land one in big trouble. The Bombay high court hiked the fine imposed on such vehicles and ordered a transporter to pay Rs 50,000 as fine for driving an 11-year-old vehicle into Mumbai.\"There can be no debate that if a commercial vehicle is plied within the limits of the city of Mumbai , contrary to the prohibitory orders of this court, the vehicle is not only required to be seized, but it would be released only upon payment of fine,\" said a division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice Nitin Jamdar. The court said that earlier the fine to be paid in such cases was Rs 10,000. \"In spite of that, the unauthorized activities are being continued unabated, and only selective cases are brought before the court,\" said the judges while ordering Sharad Sharma to pay Rs 50,000. The court took into account the fact that Sharma was a repeat offender and had earlier been penalized in February 2011. The HC said the fine amount would be deposited in the CM's Relief Fund.Following a PIL filed by the Bombay Environmental Action Group in 2000, the HC had ordered the state to implement a series of measures to reduce pollution levels in the city. This included a ban on the entry of public and commercial vehicles in the city that are more than eight years old, converting taxis and autos to CNG and making BEST and BMC vehicles complaint with Bharat III norms.When an old, polluting vehicle enters the city, the RTO seizes it. It could be released only on the orders of the court on the payment of Rs 10,000. Sharma's vehicle had entered the city in November 2011 and was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463688", "title": "\u2018Construct berms to park vehicles\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Suffering a major parking space crunch in residential areas, Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) have submitted a memorandum to UT administrator Shivraj Patil for constructing berms on V-6 (internal) roads that can be used for parking. Members have requested the administrator to construct eight-foot wide berms on both sides of the internal roads and level existing berms along roads so that residents can park vehicles in front of their houses. They claim it will avoid the chaos of haphazardly parked cars that restrict movement on internal roads.P C Sanghi, chairman of FOSWAC said, \"As of now most of the space along internal roads is either encroached by residents to make gardens or are not level and therefore of little use. This space can be easily used for parking. Therefore, we have requested UT administration to construct berms properly along the roads and legalize it for parking. It will certainly solve the problem of space crunch.\"Residents of the city's southern sectors, which have smaller houses and very little parking space, are the worst affected. They often have to park their vehicles either on main roads or in parks maintained by the municipal corporation.Praising the idea of parking on berms, Sector 18 B-resident P S Bajwa said, \"It will decongest internal roads and also stop encroachment by residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467995", "title": "Gautham Menon\u2019s choice changed for NEPV", "text": "Lyricist Thamarai has always been director Gautham Menon's choice to pen the lyrics for his films. But this time around, he has chosen Na Muthu Kumar.Thamarai is known for penning lyrics without double meanings but for some reason the director has decided to use the lyrics by Na Muthu Kumar entirely for Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham.The song recording for this film is being done in London where Gautham is camping with maestro Ilayaraja. There are six songs in this album and Gautham promises that all the tracks will turn out to be chartbusters.Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham stars Jiiva and Samantha as the lead pair. This film is also being made in Telugu and Hindi simultaneously.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chotila (surendranagar)", "code": "12465901", "title": "Body of a woman found", "text": "Chotila (Surendranagar): Body of an unidentified woman was found near crematorium here on Thursday morning.Police said the deceased in the age group of 22 and 25 appeared to be a murder victim as her body bore injuries from sharp-edged weapons.\"She has been stabbed four times. We have sent the body for postmortem and started investigation for her identification,\" an official from Chotila police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12465917", "title": "Biodiesel extracted from sea algae set to propel vehicles", "text": "Rajkot: Extract of the slimy green algae found in abundance across India's 7,517 km coastline is all set to fuel vehicles.On Friday, the country will witness the first test run of vehicle running on B100 marine microalgal biodiesel in New Delhi. The 200 km test run will be flagged off by Union minister for earth sciences Vilasrao Deshmukh in the presence of scientists belonging to a consortium of nine laboratories led by Bhavnagar-based Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute (CSMCRI).Unlike other biodiesels, which are a mixture of conventional diesel, the B100 biodiesel is 100 per cent extract from the microalgae. Last year, scientists achieved an important milestone in cleaner fuels when a regular diesel vehicle (TAVERA) running on B20 biodiesel prepared from marine microalgae was successfully test-driven.At present, the cost of the microalgal biodiesel comes out to be Rs 175 per litre. However, scientists are optimistic that the prices could come down to as much as Rs 75 per litre if more advanced extraction technologies are used and more algae are discovered. \"Our next step would be to develop more advanced technology for extraction of fuels of microalgae,\" a top official of CSIR in New Delhi told TOI.\"This would be the first such experiment in the country to run a vehicle on pure marine microalgae biodiesel. This biodiesel, once commercialized and made cheaper, is sure to be the answer to the costly petroleum fuel,\" the official said, requesting anonymity.This B100 biodiesel was successfully developed by scientists in a salt farm in Bhavnagar. It was developed under an ambitious project 'New Millennium India Technology Leadership Initiative' (NMITLI) to bring out a viable and scalable process of biofuel from microalgae, initiated in April 2010 by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and the ministry of earth sciences (MoES).At present, there is large-scale production of first generation biofuels (bioethanol) from food crops such as, sugarcane, sugar beet, corn, sorghum and wheat, utilizing vast area of fertile cultivable farmland and large quantity of potable water which competes with food production. It has also triggered \"food versus fuel\" controversy. The second-generation biofuels derived from non-food sources such as jatropha, karanja and microalgae are better options for addressing the energy security and environmental concerns. Among the second generation biofuels, micro-algal biofuels appear to be most promising alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466729", "title": "Kavya Madhavan busy with exams", "text": "Mollywood actress Kavya Madhavanan is on a month-long-break from tinseltown.The actress, who gave a stunning classical dance performance in Gurvayoor in March as part of a temple festival, is devoting the entire month of April for her B Com examination, says a source close to the actress.Kavya will start the shoot of the movie, Breaking News, by debutante director Sudhi Ambalapadu in May. The first schedule of the shoot will be held at Wayanad, says the source. Till then, it's exam fever for Kavya!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466177", "title": "Anupam Roy's birthday bash", "text": "When he hit the studio on Wednesday to record a song for Rana Basu's \" Naamte Naamte\", little did Anupam Roy know that he would be in for a surprise as big as this!Thursday being his birthday, the production house organized a bash in advance for the singer-songwriter, who cut a cake as composer Sidhu and others from the team cheered on.Anupam, who is all for a quiet birthday, said, \"Yes, there were celebrations at the recording studio. But I want to spend my birthday with my family at home. My band members and other friends have asked me for a treat, but that will have to wait for a while.\"The musician, who is currently busy scoring for Goutam Ghose's \" Sunyo Awnko\", Srijit Mukherji's \" Hemlock Society\" and \" One Liner\" with a new director, said he wanted to take time out of his busy schedule to be at home. \"This year, I've chosen not to work on my birthday. That has come as a welcome break for me.\"His birthday wish? \"I do not have anything special on my mind. As long as I'm blessed with happiness, I need nothing more,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462248", "title": "Book reading habit needed: Authors guild", "text": "PANAJI: As interest in reading gradually declines among today's younger generation, in part due to the overdependence on visual media, S S Awasthy, secretary general of the authors guild of India (AGI) said unless a book reading habit is created among the people, the future of books appears grim.Awasthy was addressing mediapersons in connection with the 37th AGI national convention in association with national book trust of India to be held on March 31-April 1 at Goa university. There will also be a two days seminar on the subject 'book culture in the present scenario' on the occasion.The AGI is a premier organization of authors of India. \"There are lots of pressures on writers on different issues,\" Awasthy said. He lamented that authors were not receiving due royalties from publishers for their works.Author Sarojini Pritam said\"Writers were not receiving royalty as publishers were keeping the entire share.\" Writers are fed up of this, she added.Awasthy also observed that there was a need for improving the state of libraries in the country. He disclosed that the central government was in the process of formulating a national book promotion policy and said the AGI was also involved in the task.\"We need to do it in such a way that more good books are published and good authors encouraged,\" he said.He also felt the issue of royalty needed to be addressed in the policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462610", "title": "RTI Act effective tool to improve community policing: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an open house organised at the Ahmedabad Management Association ( AMA), the police and citizens came face to face on the issue of transparency in police stations and the need for proactive disclosures under RTI Act. This meet was jointly organised by Society for Women Action And Training Initiative (SWATI) and Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI) on Thursday.The meet agreed that the RTI Act can become an effective tool in improving community policing and winning the confidence of citizens at large. A large number of RTI users, especially women who had filed cases of domestic violence and followed their individual cases by using RTIs were part of this discussion.The discussion focused on greater participation of police stations in proactive disclosures which includes listing powers and duties of individual policemen at the station, list of documents that are held by police station or under its control like FIRs, providing to the public particulars of any arrangements that exists with the consultation of the public, copies of works of police committees and a directory of its officers and employees. Venkatesh Nayak, programme co-ordinator for CHRI said, \"Police-public interface should not be underestimated and nor should they be stymied through poor control, M K Nayak added, \"The police must be aware of the obligations under the RTI Act while the public must also know the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12463243", "title": "Engineering college hauled up by Mahamaya Technical University in fee row", "text": "NOIDA: A private college in Greater Noida affiliated to Mahamaya Technical University has come under the scrutiny of both the university and district administration after it allegedly admitted students belonging to the SC/ST quota after taking the complete fees from them. There are special provisions for such students who are exempt from paying the regular fees.District administration officials said DIT College of Engineering made the SC/ST students pay fees usually due from students of the general category. \"This amounts to a violation of the Harijan Act and we have filed an FIR against the college in Kasna police station in Greater Noida,\" said an official.The matter was brought to the notice of the university, to whom the college is affiliated, and officials sent a letter to the erring institution on March 19 demanding an explanation. \"The college was told that they had one week to reply and explain the circumstances that prompted them to take the complete fees from the SC/ST students,\" said an MTU official.The college replied to the university on March 24 claiming that the students had 'voluntarily' paid the fees and they had not been pressured by the college. According to senior MTU officials, the matter is still under investigation with senior university officials describing the explanation as 'weak'.\"We are taking the matter very seriously. Violation of the dalit Act is a serious offence and we will be taking action against the college if the matter is proven to be true,\" said a senior MTU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467236", "title": "MTV Roadies 9 in USA!", "text": "There is something special about MTV Roadies ninth season. This youth reality show will be shot in the US of A, making it the first ever Indian reality show to be shot in America.Thanks to the logistics and taking the show abroad, MTV Roadies 9 has proved to be the most expensive season. Also, while shooting this one the price of the US dollar saw an increase and it was this economic turn of events that caused the budget to go over the top.However, the producers Rajiv and Raghu pat themselves on the back for their 'economic TV info' which they say helped control things. \"Else things would've gone haywire and the situation could've become worrisome'.MTV Roadies 9 will see 6 boys and 7 girls compete for the title. The new and exciting locales is one thing, but the tasks to be performed are another thing altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462987", "title": "Do not pay tax if civic bodies fail to perform: Team Anna", "text": "LUCKNOW: After launching its anti-graft crusade in 2011, Team Anna members in Lucknow have announced to launch a campaign calling upon people not to pay taxes to municipal authorities till the latter perform their basic duties of cleaning drains, road construction and drinking water supply. The announcement assumes importance as the polls for the urban local bodies in UP are scheduled to be held in May.The development comes close on the heels of Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal rubbishing accusation levelled against him by urban development minister Azam Khan of pressuring authorities to hand over tax collection task to Ghaziabad's Kaushambi Apartments Residents Welfare Association (KARWA) of which Kejriwal is an office-bearer.Team Anna member Sanjai Singh, while talking to TOI, said that it was the right of the people to get adequate services, if they pay tax regularly. \"But, there is no mechanism to address grievances of the people, in case services are not delivered. Hence, in such a situation the only way to make authorities work is to stop paying taxes,\" Singh said. He also pointed out that in many parts of UP and in the country, resident associations are doing the work, which is ideally the job of municipal authorities. Singh announced that volunteers of Indian Against Corruption will make people aware of their rights and request them not to pay taxes till services are delivered properly. Our attempt would be to make it a main issue in the upcoming urban local bodies elections in UP.Minister for urban development Mohammad Azam Khan on Wednesday had accused Kejriwal of pressurising the UP government to hand over the tax collection task of the Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation to KARWA. Kejriwal happens to be an office bearer of the association. The minister had said that he has sought a detailed report on the issue from the GMC and has directed the officials to seek legal opinion for initiating action against the said RWA and Kejriwal. Khan had produced a letter written in 2009 by the KARWA to the GMC asking it hand over the tax collection task from the area and use the money to carry out activities like cleaning the choked drains, cleanliness drive and sanitation etc.\"The then municipal commissioner came to the KARWA meeting in which he publicly promised to fulfil all the demands and requested residents to pay their taxes,\" Kejriwal said and assured that memorandum of understanding would be signed to hand over management of some services of the GMC to KARWA. On commissioner's assurance people paid their taxes, but the promise has not been fulfilled.Singh, on the other hand, also hit out at Khan for accusing Team Anna of playing in the hands of a foreign power. \"Why did Samajwadi Party to which Azam belongs supported the Indo-US nuclear deal when many in the country were opposing it? Was there any foreign hand which made the party support the deal in the parliament?,\" he questioned. The fact, he said, is that politicians are jittery whenever their is a demand to hand over the power to the people. They fear that power to the people will close their avenues to make money, he added. The KARWA case also shows that a road was constructed by the municipal authorities in the locality with a cost of Rs 12 crore, whereas experts said that the job could have been easily done at Rs 40-50 lakh, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12468156", "title": "Was AK Antony aware of truck scam?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reports on Friday suggest that defence minister AK Antony was formally apprised of the alleged Tatra trucks scam as early as 2009, according to Times Now. According to the reports, Congress leader D Hanumanthappa wrote to Congress president Sonia Gandhi in August 2009. The letter stated that the BEML CMD placed an order worth Rs 6,000 crore for Tatra trucks from a UK agent and not from the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) in violation of defence procurement guidelines.The letter enclosed a detailed submission from then assistant general manager of BEML's 'Trucks Division', that clearly established how BEML, violated defence procurement guidelines in the purchase of Tatra trucks. Reports suggest that the letter was followed by a second one from Ghulam Nabi Azad on behalf of Sonia Gandhi asking for necessary action.The Ministry of Defence replied stating the matter was under investigation. However both BEML and Tatra have stated that all deals were completely above board and in line with stated procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462975", "title": "Soon, English language labs for NCC cadets", "text": "LUCKNOW: For overall personality development of its cadets, the National Cadet Corps will set up English language labs in its academies. An announcement to this effect was made by NCC director general P S Bhalla, who was in the city on Thursday.These labs will first be set up at headquarters' level and then taken to other levels. Each lab would be provided with computers having special software. Teachers will also be appointed to impart lessons to the students. \"Most of our cadets want to join the services. But very few are able to make it. Lack of knowledge of English language is one of the main reasons that hamper their growth. This shortcoming needs to be addressed so that more cadets could realise their dreams,'' he said.Roping in more girl cadets is another important aim of the NCC, said the officer.He added that as of now, 24% cadets are girls, but the defence ministry wants to increase their number so that they form at least 36% of our cadet population.\"For this, the ministry is working to open more units, some of which will be all-girls units. Like other states, several units will be raised in UP. In fact, talks are on with the state government in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12466586", "title": "Musical tribute to Gangubai", "text": "HUBLI: Narayan Academy of Hindustani Classical Music (NAHCM) will organize a one-day music festival 'Bhairav se Bhairavi' to mark the birth centenary year of Padma Vibhushan late Gangubai Hangal at Sawai Gandharva Hall in Hubli on April 1. President of NAHCM Prakash Hangal told the media on Thursday that apart from classical musicians, popular artistes of Hubli-Dharwad will take part in the event.Artists like Ashwini Deshpande, Veena Hangal, Pravin Godkhindi and many local talents will perform on the occasion. Entry is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463455", "title": "Vivekananda House lease sought to be extended by 99 yrs", "text": "CHENNAI: Vivekananda House, on Kamaraj Salai, is in the news again. The heritage building will be the focal point for the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Swami Vivekananda in 2013 in the state.The Ramakrishna Math, current custodian of the building, has sent a proposal to the state government to extend the building's lease, under the higher education department, for 99 years from the present 10 years. The lease was revised in 2010 by the DMK government till 2020. \"We are emotionally attached to the building where Swami Vivekananda stayed from February 6 to 14 in 1897. This year, we celebrated these nine days as navarathri and plan to continue it every year. We have sought extension of the lease by 99 years and also have sought the adjacent land to conduct computer coaching and tuition for children from slums,\" said Swami Asutoshananda, manager of the Chennai math.Presently, tuition and computer classes are conducted in the building where space is limited. Nearly 300 students from Ayodhyakuppam and Nadukuppam have completed the computer course and are employed in various companies in the city, a volunteer attached to Vivekananda House said.The Math, which proposes to set up a 4D theatre and holographic display to explain ancient Indian culture, Swami Vivekananda's life, his teaching and its relevance, is likely to get 15 crore from the Centre for this. \"We have sought funds from the Centre under the 150th year celebrations. We plan to have the building as the focus of the celebrations in Tamil Nadu. Gujarat and West Bengal have allocated funds and devised year-long programmes,\" the manager said.==Jaya warns of action against policemen for lock-up deathsJ Jayalalithaa, AIADMK, CPMCHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday warned of strict action against policemen accused of being involved in custodial deaths in police stations.Replying to CPM legislator R Annadurai, who claimed that 11 custodial deaths had taken place in the state since AIADMK assumed charge, the chief minister told the Assembly that only four deaths had occurred in police custody since she came to power.\"A judicial enquiry was ordered in all the four cases notwithstanding the fact that policemen were involved in some of them. In one of the cases, enquiries revealed that no policemen were involved. Since other enquiries are still pending, reports were not received. If the probes find policemen guilty, strong action will be taken against them,\" she said.When AIADMK came to power and presented its first budget last August, Jayalalithaa said her aim was to achieve zero incidents of custodial death. \"The police are being regularly sensitized to follow Supreme Court guidelines while making arrests\", she said. A senior police official, who did not want to be named, said detailed instructions have been issued for dealing with the suspects or accused under custody and policemen are sensitized periodically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465882", "title": "City seeks ways to beat heat", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city has been witnessing rise in temperatures over the past few days with people. The temperature has been soaring constantly and according to the weather office there will be no respite from the rising temperature in the coming days.On Thursday, city recorded maximum temperature of 35.6 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 17.6 degrees. The heat can be attributed to clear skies. \"The mercury has gone up by three degrees Celsius and we have a long way to go before the monsoon arrives. But despite high temperature, summer is yet to set in, officially only from the last week of March,\" said a Met official. Experts are attributing the scorching heat to the prolonged absence of rain in November-December.As the day temperature was high, locals were seen wrapping their faces or enjoying cold drinks to beat the heat. \"If this is the condition in March, then we can expect worse conditions in coming months,\" said Jagat Singh, a resident of Govindpur.With most of the roads dug up, dust is also causing inconvenience to commuters at a time when the temperatures are rising. Sale of caps and sun-glasses has also risen with rising mercury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463266", "title": "MNC staffer vanishes after fraud", "text": "GURGAON: A native of Nagaland working with a city-based MNC has \"absconded\" after allegedly duping many in the name of lottery. On the basis of a complaint filed by the Financial Intelligence Unit India (FIU-ND), ministry of finance, DLF-II police have lodged an FIR against the accused.According to the police, one Wati Nungsang, a native of Nagaland, was working with WNS Company, located at Cyber City. He was living in a rented accommodation in Munirka, Delhi. The accused had a savings account with the Panjim, Goa branch of HDFC Bank.According to the police, a native of Goa approached Nungsang and deposited Rs 87,500 in his account. Nungsang had earlier sent him a mail claiming that he won a lottery worth 5 lakh rupees and had to deposit Rs 87,500 to claim the winning amount.Police said the accused also has a savings-cum-salary account with the Gurgaon branch of HDFC Bank, which was opened on March 20, 2010.Around Rs 6.49 lakh were found to have been deposited in his account from Mumbai, Bangalore, Andhra Pradesh and Gurgaon, by people were apparently duped on similar lottery baits.The case went under the investigation of the FIU-ND, after a recommendation of which DLF-II police lodged an FIR against Nungsang under Section 420/406 of the IPC. During investigation, Bhupender Singh Uniyal, manager (HR) of WNS Company, clarified that Nungsang has been \"missing\" from the company since January 1 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463522", "title": "Mane had not complained of mental illness: Prosecution", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution once again defended the Pune police's plea to keep state transport bus driver Santosh Mane in jail and not to shift him to the mental hospital.Assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne told the court on Thursday that Mane had not made any complaints of mental illness to the medical officers of Yerawada central jail. Pacharne filed a copy of the letter dated March 19 send by the jail superintendent S V Khatavkar to assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite.Khatavkar told TOI that the jail has five doctors, which includes a psychiatrist. He said if the psychiatrist recommends that an inmate be shifted to the Pune regional mental hospital, then the permission of the court or state is needed.Meanwhile, JMFC Umeschandra More deferred an order on a plea filed by Mane's lawyer Mahesh Agarwal to shift him from the jail to the mental hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12462013", "title": "Rs 23 crore fake tenders issue rocks Gondia zilla parishad", "text": "GONDIA: The issue of alleged fake tenders worth Rs 23 crore in the irrigation and building and construction department (B&C;) of Zilla Parishad, Gondia has rocked the district. While the opposition members of Congress and NCP in the House were aggressive in the budget meeting on Tuesday, the ruling BJP members were on the back foot. The opposition members had alleged that this was not possible without connivance between officers and office bearers of the ruling party.It may be recalled that modus operandi in almost all illegal contracts and tenders was advertisements of these works in small newspapers, which were either unknown in the area or had little circulation. So the state government decided to issue E tenders of all contracts over Rs 1 lakh from January 1. But according to the complaint and allegation of the president of Contractors' Association, Gondia Ajayjeet Boby Waliya the minor irrigation department (Rs 9 crore) and B&C; department (Rs 14 crore) of Gondia ZP had issued fake tenders worth Rs 23 crore before the implementation of E tenders scheme from January 1. They had issued the advertisements of the tenders of these works in hardly known news papers Gondia, Chandrapur, Arwi and Tiroda and works were mutually distributed between them selves and earned money without doing much work.Initially, the contractors' association tried to bring these irregularities to the notice of local ZP authorities, but since no cognizance of these complaints was taken, the deputation of the contractors met the secretary of ministry of urban development and water supply Sudhir Thakare and showed him all documents, which were obtained by them through RTI. Thakare immediately directed ZP president Dr. Yeshwant Gedam to suspend the officers involved in the scam, but Gedam expressed his inability to do so because of political scenario in the district.Thakare then directed the commissioner of Nagpur division V Gopala Reddy to act swiftly on this complaint. Reddy visited Gondia on March 23 and relieved of the drawing and disbursing powers of additional CEO HR Lonare, executive engineer of minor irrigation department SG Shankhapal and executive engineer of B&C; department KD Samrith.Meanwhile, the delegation also met minister for urban development and water supply Jayant Patil who endorsed this decision.According to Contractors' Association sources, much more stringent action was expected to be taken, but in view of the March end and other technical reasons, the officers concerned were not suspended, but only their drawing and disbursement powers have been withdrawn. They have rejected district administration's offer to appoint investigation committee from the district. They have demanded that its members should be from out of the district.CEO Gedam was not available for comment. However, vice-president of ZP Vinod Agrawal and chairman of finance and B&C; Vijay Rahangdale said that this issue can not be termed a scam. They said that they have for the first time in their life seen any complaint coming from top to bottom for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463398", "title": "30% families in Pune live in rented houses", "text": "PUNE: Citizens are shying away from buying residential properties in Pune because of the high cost and their transferable jobs Consequently, around 29.5% of households/ families in the Pune district stay in rented houses, a number that is the highest for the state, said experts at a workshop on dissemination of housing census data.The workshop was organised on Thursday by the directorate of Census Operation, Maharashtra, at the Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics (GIPE), to deliberate on the housing data in the state.Experts also said that the overall number of families (households) staying in rental accommodation in the state is 15.8% according to the latest census data on housing in Maharashtra. Census housing data showed that of the total 20,76,607 households in Pune district, 29.5 % stay in rented houses. Only 66.6% households or families stay in their own houses in the district, the number being the lowest as compared to the 35 districts in the state.Demographic expert and former faculty at GIPE Sanjeevani Mulay said, \"It is surprising that Pune has the lowest percentage of occupants staying in ownership houses. There are various factors for this, some of them being migration and high property costs. People change jobs because of which there is migration. It is worth exploring other reasons.\"Mulay, who presented a paper on 'Condition of the houses and also the tenure status', said a comparison of housing census data of 2001 with the 2011 data showed that there is hardly any change in the overall percentage of households staying in owned and rented accommodation in Maharashtra.For instance, in 2001, the number of ownership houses was 80.32%, which has increased just marginally by 0.78%. The percentage of ownership houses in Maharashtra is now 81.1 %. Similarly, the percentage of families staying in rented houses has decreased just slightly by 0.04%. In 2001, the number of households staying on rental was 15.84%, which has now changed to 15.8%. \"The situation is the same in rural and urban areas. The data for urban areas is surprising because of availability of easy housing loans,\" she added.The situation about the number of households staying in rented accommodation in Mumbai (excluding suburban areas) is no different from Pune. While the number of households staying on rent in Pune is 29.5%, in Mumbai it is 29%. However, the number of households staying on rent in suburban Mumbai and Thane is lesser compared to Pune. In suburban Mumbai, there are 21.8% households staying on rent, while in Thane district it is 26%.The districts of Washim and Amravati have the highest number of households staying in ownership houses. The number of families staying in rented accommodation is therefore the lowest in these two districts. In Washim, the number of families that have ownership of their houses is 93.2%, followed by Amravati which is 89.3%. The number of families staying on rent in Washim is 4.2%, and in Amravati is 6.7%.Director of the census operations in Maharashtra Ranjit Singh Deol said a new addition in the census data this time is about mode of communication (cell phones and landline connections). \"The use of cell phones has increased and correspondingly the number of landline connections has decreased,\" he said. The census directorate will also be releasing data for various cities and towns, as well as households having females as the head and also single-woman households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12463092", "title": "UP Board orders re-exam at 32 centres", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the total number of examinees caught using unfair means in the ongoing UP Board examination reaching 2,953, including 2,039 boys and 914 girls, UP Board authorities have now ordered re-examination at 32 centres on charges of mass copying.The development has cast doubt over the sanctity of the examinations, considered to be the world's biggest public school exams in terms of students. Moreover, the strategy of distributing coded answer books in some sensitive districts also seems to have paid very little dividends. Among the divisions, Aligarh leads the table with a total of 494 examinees, followed by Agra with 332 and Gorakhpur with 266. The Allahabad division, housing the headquarters of UP Board, is also not lagging far behind with a whopping figure of 230 examinees caught using unfair means.Till now, the Board has lodged FIR against 53 examinees on various charges and against 13 centre superintendants and 23 invigilators .Meanwhile, on the eleventh day of examination, high school examinees appeared in papers of Hindi and Elementary Hindi in the morning shift. Class XII students appeared in Vocal Music, Instrumental Music and Classical Dance in the morning shift and Zoology second paper and Book Keeping and Accounting second paper in the afternoon shift.However, despite repeated efforts the new director, Secondary Education, Basudeo Yadav, was not available for comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463682", "title": "UT power dept waits to feel heat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The mercury's steady rise has residents bracing themselves to face the summer ahead but UT's electricity department is hardly feeling the heat yet. Short of 110MW power, the department has not yet bought electricity from other states to bridge the gap in demand and supply.The maximum demand of electricity in summers as projected by the department is nearly 324MW whereas UT has an allocation of between 135 and 220MW. Even before summer has arrived at its peak, the demand for power in April has been 276 to 303MW. Till now the department has bought is onluy 30MW from Jammu and Kashmir that will be given in May. The department has called for tenders for purchasing electricity.\"A lot of work has already been done. Only final approval is required. The first phase of clearing technical bid is over and we have opened financial bid. Now power plants need to tell us their rates and we will strike a deal,\" said UT's superintending engineer M P Singh.However, the efforts have not impressed residents. Abhimanyu Gupta, a student staying in Sector 8 said, \"My exams are coming up and I don't want power cuts to spoil my study schedule.\"Tariff VerdictSources revealed that decision on power tariff hike will be out within 15 days. If UT electricity department's proposal is passed by Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission, city residents will have to spend nearly 50% more on electricity bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463724", "title": "Entire Indu Mills land to be used for memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: The entire 12.03 acres of Indu Mills in Prabhadevi will be used for developing a memorial for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar . The decision was taken on Thursday at the first meeting of the committee appointed under the chairmanship of the textiles secretary , Government of India.PM Manmohan Singh had already given an in-principle nod for transferring the land in December.The state government will compensate National Textiles Corporation for the land. A formal nod will be required from the BIFR. A delegation, led by chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, outlined the environmental, legal and development plan process required to effect the land transfer. Another meet will be held in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466685", "title": "Ineya goes deglam", "text": "Kollywood actress Ineya is thrilled to the core to be a part of director Bharathiraja's upcoming release, Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum.The actress plays a rustic village girl who tends cattle in the film and is excited to get into the shoes of her character, Mallaanginar Mangaatha.\"For me, being part of a Bharathiraja film is as good as winning a lottery,\" says a beaming Ineya. The shoot of the film is on at Theni and the actress is waiting for her next schedule to begin. \"I've heard he has a temper and was nervous during the initial days of the shoot. But Bharathiraja sir helped me feel at ease. However, he knows how to get the desired emotions out of every actor and keeps correcting us until we give our best,\" Ineya says.The role she plays has a touch of villainy. \" Yes , although I'm not a hard-core negative character in the film,\" says Ineya, who is paired with actor-director Ameer in Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum. \"For a beginner like me who has only a handful of films to my credit, being on the sets itself is a learning experience. While Bharathiraja sir embodies the old school of filmmaking, Ameer is a representative of the new-age films in Kollywood. I consider myself lucky to be associated with the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462929", "title": "Smuggler nabbed at IGI before shipping out 16th century idol", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Bureau of Investigation arrested a city businessman at the IGI airport on Thursday for trying to smuggle out an antique idol to Hong Kong. It's a 16th century sandstone idol depicting Lord Shiva and Parvati.The accused, Manish, owns a garments business in Pandavnagar. CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said he had been trying to ship out the antique item along with marble tiles against forged documents.Another officer said Manish had been smuggling idols and antiques for quite a while and was part of a gang notorious for this.The agency further said that smuggling of idols is an international racket, and that the recovered idol would fetch anything between Rs 2 crore and Rs 3 crore in the international market.So far, the agency hasn't been able to pinpoint the origin of the idol but it's been suspected that it had been stolen from a temple.\"There are several ancient temples in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. We will seek help from the local police there to know if any sculpture was recently stolen from somewhere. The Archaeological Survey of India has been informed about the recovery,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12463255", "title": "Power firm cracks down on defaulters", "text": "NOIDA: Consumers who have not paid their overdue electricity bills are now facing disconnection of supply by the power company in Noida. In a drive launched by the five electricity divisions of Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), so far power supply to over 9,000 customers has been disconnected. Following this, several have rushed to settle their bills and take fresh connections.The drive has been undertaken for the power company to meet its revenue target for the financial year 2011-12. \"We are waiting for the deadline of March 31 by which all customers will have to settle their accounts,\" said superintending engineer of PVVNL, D P Singh. \"After March 31, FIRs will be filed against all customers who do not settle their bills,\" he added.Supply has been barred to several customers across all five urban divisions, apart from Khoda division. The errant customers include residents, institutions, industries and commercial units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462502", "title": "BRICS summit: Member nations criticizes the West for financial mismanagement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top emerging economies, coming under the banner of BRICS, on Thursday criticized the West for financial mismanagement, called for a \"merit-based\" selection of the next World Bank chief, rued the slow pace of reforms in the International Monetary Fund , declared that dialogue was the only way to a peaceful resolution in Syria and Iran, but failed to go beyond motherhood statements and give the bloc a meaningful push.The BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) countries took baby steps towards facilitating intra-BRICS trade and investment in local currency, but failed to reach any agreement on a BRICS development bank. They signed an agreement to extend credits in local currencies under the BRICS Interbank Cooperation Mechanism.However, the suggestion for a BRICS Development Bank was pushed to a later date, since there were major differences among the members.Spreading themselves beyond economics, the BRICS members articulated an alternative political vision with regard to current international issues.\"The views were more non-West, than anti-West\" explained an official. While these were mainly broad-brush positions on current events, their importance lay in the fact that five emerging global leaders actually sat across the table to agree on these points.In a statement at the end of the plenary session, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, \"The world is passing through uncertain times. The rapid recovery of the BRICS economies from the financial crisis highlighted their role as growth drivers of the global economy. Our cooperation is intended to explore meaningful partnerships for common development, address global challenges together and contribute to furthering world peace, stability and security.\"In its Delhi Declaration, BRICS members opposed violence as a way of resolving political crises in other countries. \"Global interests would best be served by dealing with the crisis through peaceful means that encourage broad national dialogues...\" On Syria, BRICS supported the Arab League and special envoy Kofi Annan's peace plan.On Iran, they observed, \"We recognize Iran's right to peaceful uses of nuclear energy consistent with its international obligations, and support resolution of the issues involved through political and diplomatic means and dialogue between the parties concerned, including between the IAEA and Iran and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions.\"The BRICS nations put their might behind Afghanistan , saying it needed \"time, development assistance and cooperation, preferential access to world markets, foreign investment and a clear end-state strategy.\" Israel was rapped on the knuckles for its settlement policy, but BRICS advocated direct negotiations with the Palestinians. The underlying theme was a repudiation of the western developed countries' approach, without actually getting into the details.In an action plan, BRICS leaders agreed to meet before UNGA every year, much like the NAM and SAARC meetings; regular meetings of finance ministers, central bank governors, trade ministers, national security advisers, etc.But underneath the camaraderie and the determination to strike a different path, serious differences exist. On the economic front, it would be a tussle between India and China, while Russia is pushing the political agenda, particularly on Iran and Syria, where BRICS supported the Russian viewpoint. India and Brazil pushed through their joint pitch for reform of the UN Security Council, which China has not been enthusiastic about, although Russia supports it.While the BRICS joint statement blamed the Eurozone crisis for the state of the global economy, Indian officials saw this as a way of deflecting criticism of China manipulating its own currency, which also leads to a lot of distortions.The BRICS development bank too has been kicked down the road, because India still has many reservations. The PM, in fact, preferred to focus on improving the World Bank rather than creating a new institution, as China does.\"We must address the important issue of expanding the capital base of the World Bank and other multinational development banks to enable these institutions to perform their appropriate role in financing infrastructure development,\" the declaration read.Indian finance officials see the BRICS Bank idea primarily as a way of legitimizing the use of Chinese currency overseas. Second, they feel that any BRICS bank would essentially be a Chinese bank, because none of the other countries have the financial depth to fuel such an institution. India wants the global financial architecture to change, but at a much slower pace. South Africa supports the Bank, but Brazil cannot, because it already funds the Latin American development bank.On the election of the next chief of the World Bank, the five countries did not even attempt to find a consensus candidate that could have been an alternative to the Korean-American chosen by the US.The G20 received a unanimous thumbs-up as a forum for global financial governance and agreed to coordinate positions at the body. Russian president Medvedev said, \"We confirmed all agreements on our cooperation in updating the international currency and financial system. One of the goals here is to renovate the IMF. We analysed the situation in the world economics and came to an agreement on a further coordination of actions within our organization, including preparation for the next G20 summit.\"South African president Jacob Zuma made a spirited call for including the development concerns of sub-Saharan Africa in the BRICS development plans. \"We feel that Africa is being treated with respect. There is no feeling that people are looking down on our continent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12466034", "title": "Applications for Sarojini Naidu Prize invited", "text": "BHOPAL: The Hunger Project has invited applications for the 12th Sarojini Naidu Prize for Reporting on Women and Panchayati Raj, in support and encouragement of the vital contribution that the media has made.Conferred annually, the Sarojini Naidu Prize honours three journalists for their outstanding reporting on women and Panchayati Raj. The prize includes a Rs 2 lakhs cash. Awards will be presented in three categories -- English, Hindi and a vernacular language. The last date for application is June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kishore nagar", "code": "12467129", "title": "Manisha bags silver at meet", "text": "KISHORE NAGAR: It is time for celebrations at the Sharma residence in Kishore Nagar as their daughter Manisha Sharma recently won a silver medal in the senior national kurash meet held in Ludhiana. The medal is all the more important for Manisha as it was her first participation in a kurash meet.The 22-year-old girl had started practising the game just a month ago at the multi-purpose indoor stadium under coach Rakesh Singh and Praveen Thakur. Manisha said she tried her best to clinch the gold, but the final turned out to be a tough match against a player from New Delhi. \"I would aim for the gold in the next competition I participate in,\" she said.A student of Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town, she said, \"My practice continues even at home as my two sisters Smriti and Neha are judo players,\" said Manisha.\"Kurash, a form of upright jacket wrestling, is quite similar to judo and it originated in Uzbekistan, where it is very popular. It is picking up in India now and would develop a lot within few years,\" she added. Manisha said,\" This medal has been a morale booster for me and I am now concentrating on the upcoming national events.The mighty fighter's long term goal, however, is not just winning an international medal, but also to become a police officer. Her father Ramesh Sharma said he is delighted with his daughter's achievement and believes she would soon compete at international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463267", "title": "Uproar in House over MLA's unparliamentary language", "text": "JAIPUR: The assembly on Thursday witnessed unruly scenes during the Question Hour over the use of unparliamentary language by a BJP MLA following which deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari apologized in the house. The MLA - Hem Singh Bhadana-- who had accused senior minister Brij Kishore Sharma of corruption, later withdrew his remarks.The debate started on a query raised by BJP legislator Gyan Deo Ahuja on the renovation of Ghat canal in Alwar. Demanding that the work be completed at the earliest, Ahuja first mentioned about the state government not inviting elected representatives of BJP at inaugurations of public schemes and developmental projects in their respective areas.Soon, more legislators from the Opposition joined him. Other MLAs who also raised their voice were Banwari Lal Singhal, Jeevaram Choudhary and Bhawani Singh Rajawat. \"We represent the voters of our constituencies and yet this is the way the government treats us,'' said Choudhary, who represents Sanchore. He alleged that in one of the functions, his name was deliberately blackened out from the invitation cards. Hem Singh Bhadana, who represents Thanagazi, reacted rather strongly, making personal allegations against Sharma.Bhadana's statements led to an uproar in the treasury benches, with parliamentary minister Shanti Dhariwal, minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal and ruling party's chief whip Raghu Sharma strongly objecting to Bhadana's use of words.As the uproar continued, Tiwari said that the use of words were unfortunate and accepted that it was a bad precedence. Bhadana, in his explanation, tried to raise the issue of death of a labourer in a mine owned by the minister in Thanagazi but was warned by Speaker D S Shekhawat from doing so. \"I take back the words if they have hurt the minister's sentiments,'' said Bhadana, following which Tiwari apologised on his behalf.The incident is unfortunate and was brought to the notice of the chief minister. The CM advised us to give the MLA another chance and not demand his suspension, so that the House proceedings can continue smoothly,'' said Raghu Sharma.Prior to this, replying to a query raised by BJP MLA Sukhram about implementation of Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme in Dholpur district, power minister Dr Jeetendra Singh admitted that the project had been given to one Messer D-Control and Electric Private Limited earlier but after it failed to complete its work on time. The contract was then terminated and allotted to another firm after retendering. \"Messer D-Control and Electric Private Limited's performance was not up to the mark and despite several warnings it failed to complete its work even after being given an extension of two years over the 18 months' original deadline. The payments of the firm were discontinued and its bank guarantee seized,'' said the minister, adding that the government had incurred a loss of 6% due to the difference between the rate of two tenders. Singh added that the department would look into how the 6% can be recovered and also who were the officials who twice allowed an extension for the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466071", "title": "Now, dial helpline for leopard attacks", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the recent gruesome killing of a leopard by an angry mob at Adingiri hill in the city, the forest department on Thursday announced a rapid response team to mitigate future human-big cat conflicts.State environment and forest minister Rockybul Hussain also announced a helpline where people can report incidents of leopards straying out into residential areas under the Kamrup east wildlife division. The helpline is 03612630046.Assam chief wildlife warden, Suresh Chand, informed that the rapid response team will be headed by an assistant conservator of forest. The team will comprise five forest officials including a veterinarian.\"A vehicle equipped with a siren and a loudspeaker has been allocated to the team. Whenever there is call on the helpline about straying of a leopard or any other animal, the team will rush to the spot in less time to mitigate the conflict,\" Chand explained, adding that help from conservation NGOs will also be taken to deal with the conflict and rescue of animal.The chief wildlife warden also informed that there was a plan to have rapid response team in all the territorial divisions of the forest department across the state.Although the department had earlier planned to deploy rapid response teams across the state, officials said this couldn't be done because of lack of resources. \"As human-leopard conflict is on the rise in the city, we have decided to start a rapid response team in Guwahati and its adjoining areas. Gradually we will introduce such teams in other wildlife divisions as well,\" an official said. On Sunday last, an angry mob had beaten a female leopard to death after the big cat injured at least five persons, one of them seriously, atop Adingiri hills.The mob went berserk in the jungle, and later started a fire to trap the leopard. Since January this year, there have been at least five incidents of leopards straying out into human settlements.One person succumbed to injuries from a leopard attack at Silpukhri area in January this year. Almost all the 18 hills dotting the city have leopard populations. Humanleopard conflict has become frequent following the rise of residential areas atop these hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12462981", "title": "'Social networking sites are making theatre popular'", "text": "JODHPUR: Away from the conventional means of review and criticism of plays like print and electronic media, use of networking sites like Facebook and Twitter as a new promotional platform is fast picking up. These reviews are multidimensional and first-hand as they come directly from the theatre fraternity, professional critics as well as the audience, which has its own way of looking at theatre.A leading Mumbai-based playwright, Satish Alekar, while expressing his views in the session 'Review of Presentation' said the definitions and the media, both have changed in the post modern era. \"This change is offering different tools and formats, which have their independent followers, who negate the existing set-ups, beliefs and tools,\" he said, adding that theatre as well as its means of promotion have changed.Quoting an example of a Pune theatre group, which is experimenting with both theatre and the means to promote it and using social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter, etc., he said these sites have given theatre a fresh lease of life in this post modern era charaterised by information starvation.With the fast-changing world, technology has replaced newspapers and TV as means of promotion, and is an effective way to reach the internet savvy smart phone wielding young generation. \"And contemporary theatre, with the involvement of youth, is making use of social networking sites and blogs to attract not only art connoisseurs but even non-serious audiences, who voice their opinions on these sites, though their reviews are raw,\" Alekar said.He said that critical analysis or reviews of plays are something which everybody whether it's the playwright, director or the actor curiously looks forward to. These usually appear in the print media. Due to constant erosion of space in the newspapers and use of single form of media, artists miss the much-needed feedback. And this is where technology bridges the gap between theatrists and theatre lovers.A young theatre artist from Jaipur, Priyadarshini Mishra, also advocated the use of technology in promoting and popularising theatre instead of sticking to traditional means. She said that rather than remaining dependent on the conventional means, use of faster and newer forms of media could prove to be the best bet for theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463836", "title": "Kids missing polio dose for 2 months", "text": "MUMBAI: Many children, below the age of five, had been missing their regular dose of polio immunization over the past two months, owing to an acute nation-wide shortage of polio vaccine.The BMC conducted the Pulse Polio Drive on March 18, when 71% children below the age of five did get immunized on the first day. But, with a shortage in the supply of vaccines for regular immunization in the city, children , slated for their regular dose (two-month and fourmonth olds) have gone without bivalent immunization for two months. This, say doctors , can put them at risk of contracting the disease.\"We had to turn away many kids. Every time, our clinic asked the BMC for the vaccine, we were told that they were out of stock,\" said a doctor from a Kurla clinic. \"If a child misses his regular dose, he may be at risk of getting polio.\" There more than 9 lakh below-five children in the city.The BMC blamed it on a nation-wide shortage in supply . \"We get vaccines from the government. Due to the shortage, we could not supply them to private practitioners ,\" said Dr Anil Bandivdekar , executive health officer , BMC.But, the BMC said, it received a consignment on Thursday evening. \"They are now available at the Byculla depot. Soon, the city practitioners can avail of them,\" said Bandivdekar.Now, children below five will get trivalent vaccines. \"They will fight all the P1, P2 and P3 polio strains,\" said Bandivdekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468048", "title": "Arya to pair up with Hansika", "text": "It will be Hansika pairing up with Arya for the Delhi Belly remake. The buzz in town now is that UTV Motion Pictures has almost finalized on the star cast for this remake and Arya and Hansika have bagged the lead roles.Santhanam and Premji Amaren have also been included in the star cast, according to reliable sources. Hansika is keen on playing the lead girl role in this film because she had seen the Hindi version and liked the character.Director R Kannan of Vandhan Vendran and Kandein Kadhalai fame will be wielding the megaphone for this project. Other details regarding the music director, cameraman and other crew will be announced shortly.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466196", "title": "Workshop to revive state\u2019s dying dance forms", "text": "GUWAHATI: A weeklong workshop will be conducted at the city's Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshtera from April 1 to provide a platform for various traditional and indigenous dance forms of the state.The week long workshop is an attempt not only to create awareness about the region's dying dance forms but also to provide an opportunity to those who wish to learn and appreciate the cultural and traditional delights offered by the myriad communities residing in Assam.Experts participating in the workshop will impart lessons in Damahi Ki-Kan, a traditional Karbi folk dance form; Borot, a Tiwa folk dance form; Boisagu, a Bodo folk dance; Kusan, a Goalpariya folk dance and Deuri Bihu, a special dance of the Deuri community. There will also be a session on the traditional Assamese Bihu dance. Lessons will be conducted by noted dancers like Kshirod Khakliary, an expert on Boisagu, Mukul Deori, a Boisagu exponent and Nadiram Deuri, a Tiwa dance exponent, among others.\"The purpose of the workshop is to create awareness about the dance forms facing extinction because of sheer neglect. The workshop will continue till April 7 and on April 8 there will be final show by the participants,\" Babul Deka, assistant culture secretary, Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, said. \"We are getting a good response from the people. Participants need to pay a certain amount to attend the lessons.We will select 25 participants for the traditional dance forms and 40 for the Assamese Bihu,\" added Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462762", "title": "Non-striking agents can supply papers: Newspaper agents union", "text": "KOCHI: Agents who are willing to distribute copies of various newspapers and are not participating in the ongoing strike won't be forced to participate, Newspaper Agents Union (CITU) submitted to the Kerala high court on Thursday.Based on the submission, division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice V Chitambaresh disposed of the petition filed by Malayala Manorama highlighting obstruction to distribution of newspapers by the union and their allies.When the petition was heard on Thursday, the media group submitted before the high court bench that many newspaper agents were willing to distribute copies but were not able to do so due to obstruction and threats by the union.However, the union contended that they had the right to conduct the strike and was not forcing those agents willing to distribute newspapers.The high court recorded the submission by the newspaper agents'union and disposed of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461949", "title": "'Post-incidence enquiries into Naxal violence could not change a thing'", "text": "NAGPUR: State home minister RR Patil, also the guardian minister for Gadchiroli, assured that an enquiry would be held to find out the security lapses which led to the Naxal blast which claimed lives of 12 Central Reserve Police Force troopers and another 28 injured earlier this week. Patil made the announcement during his visit to the district following the attack. The CRPF top officials too had flown in a team to conduct a probe for them.However, the parallel announcement of enquiries left behind a trail of doubts whether such analysis would improve the condition or remain restricted to blame games.\"No formal order of any enquiry has been passed by the state government,\" said a senior police official of the district. \"We have heard that CRPF has brought their own team to find out the reason behind the incident but they are yet to approach us for any requirement,\" said the official.Announcement of enquiries post Naxal attacks is nothing new in Gadchiroli. The major casualties of the year 2009, when more than 51 personnel lost their lives in Naxal violence, had started the trend of enquiries but the outcome in such findings have never come to fore.\"The incidents are merely reduced to numbers while their enquiry reports never reached beyond completing formalities,\" said an officer who had served in the district.\"We prepare case studies and use the same to brief the force. Once the government and senior police officials return to Mumbai after their visit to Gadchiroli following any major incident the promises they make remain buried in media reports. The formalities are completed to ensure that the records are maintained,\" said the senior cop.The much talked about Standard Operation Procedures (SOP), said the officials, cannot be a rigid set of guidelines under the varied circumstances and conditions. \"SOPs should be flexible and better left at the discretion of the team leaders at the ground level,\" he said.\"Announcement of analysis and enquiry in Gadchiroli district are made each time Naxal violence triggers a major casualty but nothing have been done to stop the attacks. Like routine exercises, the formalities are completed,\" said another official.The latest incident of blast near Pustola village in Dhanora tehsil has also triggered parallel announcement of enquiries by Maharashtra state home minister and district guardian minister Patil and also Director General of police for CRPF K Vijay Kumar .Though casualties in the CRPF and their elite force of Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (COBRA) have been taking place in the district since their deployment in 2010, this is the first time that a casualty of such a bigger number in the central paramilitary force has taken place on the state's soil.Though nothing on the forefront, the undercurrent of the blame game has already started to tremble the so-called cheerful picture of a sound inter-agency coordination between police and CRPF. With both the agencies now delving into fact-finding, there is a chance that either side would end up pointing finger at the other.Two jawans are still criticalNagpur: The conditions of two CRPF troopers, among eight, brought at the city-based private hospital remained critical even after 48 hours of their admissions here. Sources from Wockhardt Super Speciality hospital said that constable Nayan Jyoti's condition was still critical with contusions in his brain. Dr Rajesh Gade, informed TOI, that constable Mahesh Chandra too was serious. \"The conditions of the rest of the six constables is stable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463785", "title": "Spring fest is stress buster for doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The association of resident doctors (ARD) of PGI organized a five-day spring fest for the doctors to indulge in some stress buster cultural activities amid their hectic routines. The annual fest, which will witness participation from doctors of various medical colleges in Punjab, Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and Chandigarh, was inaugurated by director Y K Chawla on Thursday.Dr Ashutosh Sarwa, general secretary, ARD said, \"The response from various medical colleges to the spring inter-medical college fest has been getting better.\"Sahil Arora, an MBBS pre-final student at the Government Medical College and Hospital, who performed bhangra at the fest, said, \"This was the first time when other colleges got to perform in PGI's spring fest. I like dancing and have performed in AIIMS Delhi earlier. I feel dancing is an effective method for managing stress.\"Dr Debajyoti Chatterjee from the pathology department said, \"I have taken formal training in Indian classical music for 14 years, but our busy schedule doesn't give me any time to rehearse. Whenever I am tired, I de-stress my self by singing. Many medicos even suggest patients suffering from depression to listen to music. I performed a song from the movie 'Kahani' in the fest.\" \"I gave a guest appearance in the fest performing salsa with Aishwarya, who is an engineering student. I learned it during my internship and go for cla sses in weekends,\" said Dr Kiran Kumar, junior resident doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461958", "title": "7-year jail for man in dowry killing case", "text": "NAGPUR: District and sessions judge AR Dhamecha has convicted Pravin Surkar for cruelty and dowry killing of his wife and sentenced him to rigorous imprisonment of seven years and a fine.Pravin's wife Shilpa had committed suicide at her husband's residence at Chitnis Nagar on May 6, 2010. The incident had attracted much controversy as a second autopsy was performed in the case 22 days after the burial following an order of the high court.Pravin, arrested by Nandanvan police, was booked along with his family members under Indian Penal Code sections 304(B) for dowry deaths and 498(A) for cruelty, among others. The court awarded seven years imprisonment under section 304(B) and one year for 498(A) along with a fine of Rs 2,000 to Pravin. The rest of his family members were acquitted on the grounds of benefit of doubt.The prosecution, which presented 15 witnesses, had claimed that Pravin harassed Shilpa for dowry of Rs 1,00,000 along with bike and other favours. Advocate Prakash Naidu aided the prosecution represented by additional public prosecutor Varsha Aglawe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463823", "title": "Investigate who made fake bail bond: Railway court", "text": "MUMBAI: The CST railway court has asked the Government Railway Police (GRP) to investigate as to who manufactured a fake bail bond that was submitted before them last week by a commuter, Santosh Singh.Singh, a hawker, had lodged an FIR that two Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel had prepared the fake bail bond, after they caught him for trespassing, and extorted Rs 720 from him. The RPF then approached the CST magistrate court and complained that Singh's FIR was malicious and that he prepared the fake bail bond himself.According to Singh's FIR, he was caught crossing the railway tracks at CST by the RPF on February 25. Two RPF personnel allegedly demanded Rs 720 from him, if he wanted to avoid going to Byculla prison, and issued a bail bond receipt. Singh also stated that he conducted some research on his own and found out that the RPF did not have powers to issue bail bonds anymore, so they issued a fake bond to him.The RPF told the court that Singh himself had prepared the fake bail bond to implicate their personnel falsely. The court has now asked the GRP to investigate the RPF's complaint and also find out who actually prepared the fake bail bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463486", "title": "Info on colleges to go online soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Students will be better informed while choosing which colleges to apply for admission this year. Ahead of the admission season, University of Madras has arranged for details on all of its 126 affiliated colleges to be put up place on its website.The initiative is expected to arm students with information to help them choose a course and college based on geographical location, faculty and student strength.\"We instructed the colleges to submit the information at the beginning of the academic year. It will help students who find it difficult to choose from among several colleges and courses offered by particular colleges,\" varsity vice-chancellor G. Thiruvasagam said.The website will have details like location of the college, phone numbers, courses offered, number of lecturers in each department, their qualification, name and details of the principal and whether the posting has been approved by the university. The website will be updated regularly to incorporate changes.\"Many colleges have their own website providing details about courses. However, to consolidate the information in a database, a separate link has been added to the university website,\" varsity registrar-in-charge T Leo Alexander said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462043", "title": "SC frowns at political drama over mercy pleas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Presidential stay on execution of Balwant Singh Rajoana after a high-decibel political activity spearheaded by Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal found indirect reference in the Supreme Court on Thursday during the hearing of condemned prisoner Devender Pal Singh Bhullar's plea for clemency on the ground that his mercy plea was decided after eight years.Without referring to Rajoana, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya described the events in Punjab in the last few days as \"drama\" and was critical of the political support given to persons found guilty of terrorism-related offences.\"What happened in the last four days is very telling...if decision was taken at appropriate stage, exchequer could be saved of crores of rupees,\" the bench said. Violence and destruction of property in Punjab was part of the support campaign for clemency to Rajoana.The apex court felt that passions were allowed to run high because of the \"pressure\" of modern political combination in governance. It said, \"Instances are replete where persons found guilty of terrorist offences have got political support. There are leaders who have garnered support on this basis. How can they leave them now?\"Additional solicitor general Harin Raval concentrated on the Bhullar's case and said the government was not at fault for the delay in deciding the mercy plea. He said the 26/11 terror attack on Mumbai followed by a change in government were the reasons for a freeze on decision making process on all mercy petitions.Immediately after the UPA government retained power at the Centre in 2009, each mercy petition was considered in the chronological order of their submission, he said fighting the bench's skepticism about extraneous considerations not playing a role in decisions on mercy pleas.The bench said, \"We were there in this part of the country - the state which suffered from 1982-83. All top leaders were given protection. They (political outfits) took benefit of situation created due to various factors and came back to power. That's unfortunate and harsh story of the political game in these two decades...These considerations are impacting the decisions (on mercy petitions). They are ground realities and are bound to be considered.\"The bench asked Raval to place on record the list of files relating to pending mercy petitions and the order in which they were recalled for reconsideration. The arguments will continue next Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "12463567", "title": "Court orders community service for juvenile offenders", "text": "JIND: Awarding punishment of performing community service to minor offenders, the Jind juvenile justice board has ordered four minors who were convicted in a murder case to serve water in the government schools in the district. The convicted youth would serve in the school for a period of three years.The Jind police had booked the four minors in connection with murder of a class 12th youth Amardeep on the complaint of victim's father Jiya Lal.Jiya Lal, a resident of Housing Board Colony, had alleged that his son had gone to market where he had an argument with the accused on some issue on April 4, 2009.On returning home, he reported the matter to the family after which Jiya Lal went to the parents of the youths to complain about their misbehaviour. He alleged that late on evening on the same day, when Amardeep was taking a stroll near the house, the same group of youths attacked him and stabbed him resulting in his death at the civil hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12462822", "title": "Court seeks expense details of CM security", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday sought details from the state government on what are the norms by which the traffic is controlled on roads while the chief minister's convoy passes through.A division bench asked the government to place all material in this regard with a view to curtain the time people are made to wait on road under scorching sun due to security arrangements of a political dignitary.The court sought information after a PIL was filed through advocate Kiran Pandit, complaining about expanded security arrangements of CM Narendra Modi, which allegedly resulted in two deaths following traffic blockade. The PIL seeks to know the security provided to Modi and if the expenses incurred on it are audited. The PIL also intends to minimize the traffic blockade that is put when chief minister's convoy passes through a particular spot. Pandit said nearly Rs 70 lakh is spent every month on the CM's security. This is the tax payers' money. \"Why does the CM who says that he is a 'common man' deploy for himself such massive security, thus financially burdening the common man?\" he questioned.On being asked by the bench, government pleader Prakash Jani said that the security provided to CM is based on the threat perceptions, which are adjudged by various agencies. This information is not in public domain and should not be a subject to a judicial review.However, the court insisted on details on the ground that providing relief to citizens would be a great thing, if the long wait during passing of the convoy could be reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12462227", "title": "Scientific closure of garbage dump", "text": "MARGAO: The capping exercise envisages levelling and reforming the existing heap of dumped garbage and incorporating environmental mitigation measures including laying of geotextiles (impermeable surface cover) to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas (predominantly methane), leachate collection system, development of a green belt and landscaping, including a green cover over the dumpsite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463544", "title": "IRCTC to build food kiosks at MRTS stations off-track", "text": "CHENNAI: An Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation plan to build food plazas or fast food joints at MRTS stations in the city to cash in on the increased patronage has been stuck due to red tapism in Southern Railway, say officials.The IRCTC is authorized to set up multi-brand food plaza and fast food units at railway stations, but the order allowing railway zones to set up food stalls at railway stations has now affected plans for MRTS stations.The IRCTC had identified Tiruvanmiyur, Tirumailai and Velachery stations ideal for food plazas or fast food joints but the proposal is yet to be cleared. \"We have been approaching Southern Railway since 2005. More than 3,000 sq ft of space on the ground floor of the Tiruvanmiyur station is vacant. A multi-brand fast food unit here could do roaring business as a large number of IT professionals use the station. Employees of Tidel park can also cross the road to enjoy a meal,\" said an IRCTC official.The Southern Railway general manager and the divisional railway manager had given their nod long ago, but the commercial wing is objecting.\"Prime space at the MRTS stations goes waste because the railways is neither taking steps to set up food stalls nor is it allowing us to proceed with our proposal,\" he added.IRCTC is now pitching again. At a pre-bid meeting to brief catering industry representatives about tenders to set up food plazas at Tambaram East, Bangalore, Krishnarajapuram, Belgaum and Vasco, IRCTC regional director V Sriram said \"We plan to set up food plazas or fast food units at MRTS stations.\"\"MRTS will be our next focus area. Some stations, in prime locations, have a large amount of space to develop food plazas. In Tirumylai and Tiruvanmiyur we have to work out the location of food units in such a way that non-commuters can also drop in to eat or buy take-away food,\" he said.The multi-brand food plaza at the Chennai Beach suburban station, he said, was a huge success as it was patronized by commuters and non-commuters. \"It does sales of 1.5 lakh a day, including around 600 meals during lunch,\" he added.Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said the \"Railway budget presented by then minister Mamata Bannerjee says railways can set up food stalls at railway stations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12471172", "title": "TV stars shake a leg with Nargis Fakhri", "text": "Rockstar actress Nargis Fakhri is all set to shake a leg at the Pantaloons Femina Miss India with three TV actors Karan Tacker, Gurmeet Choudhary and Karan Wahi.Karan Tacker who is one of the cast of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai on Star Plus will dance with Nargis on the popular Ranbir Kapoor-Katrina Kaif number, Prem Ki Naiyyan from the film Ajab Prem Ki Gajab Kahani.While Yash of Punar Vivah (Zee TV), Gurmeet Choudhary will dance to the beats of Sajh Dhaj Ke from the Shahid Kapoor-Sonam Kapoor film, Mausam, Karan Wahi (Kuch Toh Log Kahenge) will match steps with Nargis on the title song of Ek Mein Aur Ekk Tu.All three actors who are extremely busy shooting for their respective shows are investing a considerable amount of time and effort rehearsing for their performances. A little nervous about the stint, all three seem to be enjoying their acts nonetheless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12462820", "title": "KSRTC starts new bus services to Kattappana, Kumily", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to ensure better connectivity between Ernakulam city and interior places in Idukki district, the KSRTC will operate new services to Kattappana and Kumily. The fast passenger buses will start their services from Ernakulam depot on Friday.According to assistant transport officer (ATO) Sateesh Kumar, these services will give a boost to the economic development of rural areas in Idukki district. The bus to Kattappana is scheduled to leave the city at 1.30pm. It will pass through Tripunithura, Muvattupuzha, Vannapuram, Chelachuvadu and Thopramkudy to reach Kattappana.The bus to Kumily will leave Kochi at 3.50pm and pass through Kakkanad, Muvattupuzha, Vannapuram, Chelachuvadu, Thopramkudy and Kattappana to reach Kumily at 10.30pm.On the introduction of new city services, the ATO said that the Ernakulam depot was yet to start services of four low-floor non A/C buses due to shortage of staff. ``We don't have enough drivers and conductors, and we are awaiting appointments through employment exchange,\" he said.Meanwhile, two modified low-floor buses have begun service from Perumbavoor depot. These buses will connect Perumbavoor with places such as Ernakulam, Aluva, Nedumbassery and Kakkanad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12463705", "title": "Torrent can sniff trouble blindfolded", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Watching any sniffer dog tracking clues can be pretty fascinating but when Torrent, the Indo Tibetan Border Police's (ITBP) trained labrador, clocks in to work it can make jaws drop with its expertise. The three-and-half-year-old canine floored Tricity residents as it showed off its skill in tracking \"miscreants\" even when it is blindfolded. It is also known as ITBP's \"counting dog\" and boasts an understanding of the intricacies of addition and subtraction when indicated by fingers.Torrent was a special invitee at the fashion show for dogs organized last Sunday in Sector 3, Panchkula. ITBP sub inspector Hari Chand, who is a handler at its dog training centre NTCDA Bhanu, said Torrent is the only canine in the force that can track and catch miscreants even if his eyes are covered with a black cloth making him virtually blind.In charge of Panchkula-based Pet Medical Centre (PAC) Dr M R Singla, who had invited the NTCDA team for the show, said, \"I had heard about Torrent from ITBP officers and also witnessed his exceptional intelligence during my visit to the NTCDA centre. I decided that people should also see the miraculous canine. Torrent can also cross any obstacles and has been used much during the search operations for IED explosives and disaster management operations carried out by ITBP.\"Proud to flaunt him, ITBP officers say Torrent is among the country's top tracking dogs and has won various all-India competitions. They say the credit also goes to trainers at NTCDA Bhanu, India's top dog training centre with trainers from Switzerland too. Bearing testimony to the quality of training, two search and rescue German shepherds handled at the centre had helped the forces in searching victims buried under rubble in flood-devastated Ladakh in August 2010. Belgian shepherd dogs trained here are also deployed in Naxal-infested areas to help paramilitary forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12462021", "title": "3 burnt to death in car-truck collision", "text": "WARDHA: A former member of the municipal council and two of his friends died in an accident when a truck loaded with cotton collided with their Honda City car setting it on fire on Wednesday night near Hinganghat.According to the police, the truck was going to Nagpur. Driving down the wrong side of the road, it rammed the car which was going to Hinganghat on National Highway 7 near the flyover bridge. The incident took place at 10.30pm.Abhijit Shambharkar (35), a NCP councillor of Hinganghat municipal council, along with his friend were going to Hinganghat from Nagpur in a friend's Honda City car MH-31-PC-0688. Their car caught fire after the collision, burning both occupants to death. A lady, who was also burnt, could not be identified till the time of filing this report. The driver of the truck and his colleagues fled from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12462556", "title": "Passports stuck in online maze", "text": "KOLKATA: The external affairs ministry had streamlined the process of issuing passports and opened Passport Seva Kendras (PSK) to bail applicants out of month-long ordeal. But it appears citizens will have to bear the pain for some more days, blame it on the software-administration mismatch, the complex facets of online form submission or the digital divide that still exists in police ranks where the documents get verified.A case in point is executive Sudipto Dey, who is keen to renew his passport but has not yet been able to fill up the online form because of a mismatch in the address of his Karunamoyee Mandir home for no fault of his. The area that was under the jurisdiction of Thakurpukur police station of West Bengal Police switched to Haridevpur PS after Kolkata Police took over policing in sections of South 24-Parganas last September.\"Though my house is now under the jurisdiction of a different police station, it continues to be in South 24-Parganas. But the form refused to accept the entry. It is only after I punched in North 24-Parganas that I could proceed. When I completed the form, the system stated that my application was not valid for Kolkata office,\" fumed Dey.With the new system making it mandatory for passport seekers to fill and submit the form online, Dey is stuck at the first hurdle. He isn't the only one. Hundreds of applicants from nine police station areas of South 24-Parganas that have been split to 18 police stations now find the forms being rejected.\"The problem of address fields not being accepted is due to mismatch in the database and the ground reality that has changed after the software was programmed. The problems include change in police station and erroneous pin-codes. We have now made the necessary corrections. However, anyone in urgent need of passport can contact my office via email and seek clarification,\" said regional passport officer R Sivakumar.Those who are able to cross the first hurdle stumble at the next step where one has to seek an online appointment. With thousands of applicants from West Bengal, Sikkim and Tripura vying for just 850 slots released daily, it is a nerve-wrecking test of reflex and persistence once slots open at 4pm.Naktala-based techie Sagar Kumar Dakua has been trying to get an appointment for the past fortnight. \"My daily routine has been to sit before the computer at 3.45pm, log into the site and wait for the clock to strike 4pm to click for an appointment. But every time, the only message that I end up staring at is to try again the following day,\" Dakua yelled.It is not \"fastest finger first\" that does the trick but the bandwidth of the internet connection on the PC. If it is a dial-up connection, the wait could last forever. To cross the hurdle, one can log in from a PC at a cybercafe that has broadband connectivity. Also, while selecting the time slot, the final slots in the days on offer are a better bet.Sanjib Mazumdar, whose son was attempting to file for a passport, was lucky enough to get through on Holi simply because others probably presumed that it was a holiday. \"Once you get an appointment, it is a breeze. The functioning of the passport office has really become transparent. But getting there is a huge pain ,\" Mazumdar said. Such is the situation that some travel agents are claiming over Rs 14,000 to get a passport issued through VIP quota.Muktesh K Pardeshi, joint secretary &amp; chief passport officer at the external affairs ministry, acknowledged the problems and said that the regional passport officer in Kolkata had been asked to address them by accepting offline applications for cases that did not get resolved online within a reasonable period.From Wednesday, four counters have been opened at the Brabourne Road office where 400 forms are being accepted manually each day. However, after processing the applications, the passports issued will not be biometric ones like those being issued from the PSK. Also, despite all offices of DMs still accepting passport forms offline, most of the new applicants from districts have been turning to the online system.\"In the initial days of operation, the PSK in Kolkata was hamstrung due to manpower issues. Against the seven officers who are deputed there at present, only four were on duty initially. In this period, less than 100 passports were being processed daily. Now the number has gone up to 850 passports. However, the demand-supply mismatch persists with around 1,700-1,800 daily applicants, including the rush of Haj applicants,\" he said.The delay in the opening of Behrampore PSK compounded the problem. Around 400 daily applicants from Behrampore, Nadia, Birbhum and North Dinajpur and South Dinajpur are now competing with others for a slot in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461715", "title": "Goregaon lift mishap caused by overloading: PWD chief engineer", "text": "MUMBAI: The lift mishap in which 10 persons in a Goregaon building were injured occurred due to overloading, the public works department (PWD) said on Thursday.\"Based on the preliminary investigation report we have concluded that the life gave way due to overloading,\" said ST Valekar, PWD chief engineer (electrical). Meanwhile, PWD officials said filling up of posts has been taken up.The Bombay high court had ordered the PWD to recruit personnel and publish details of all liftsAn official said that of the 12 posts that are sanctioned for assistant electrical inspector (lifts), all are filled up and there is no vacancy. \"Meanwhile, 59 assistant engineers (lifts) have been recruited, six more engineers are yet to join as they have just been taken on from the MPSC cadre,\" the official said.The lift had collapsed from the fifth to the ground floor of Chamunda Towers around 1pm on Sunday. \"The building has been newly constructed and many moved in only six months ago,\" said a senior police officer.The lift had a carrying capacity of 12, but only 10 persons were in it at the time of the incident, claim victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466194", "title": "Katy Perry\u2019s video slammed by feminist writer", "text": "Katy Perry's new track 'Part of Me' has come under fire from prominent feminist Naomi Wolf, who has urged Americans to boycott the video, labelling it \"a total piece of propaganda for the Marines.\"Perry, 27, transforms herself into a US Marine in her latest power-pop single, which addresses female empowerment and pays particular tribute to service women.However, Wolf, author of 'The Beauty Myth' and one of many who were arrested amid the Occupy Wall Street protests last year, doesn't support Perry's Marines shout-out.\"I really want to find out if she was paid by them for making it,\" Fox News quoted Wolf as saying on her Facebook page.\"It is truly shameful... I would suggest a boycott of this singer whom I really liked - if you are as offended as this glorification of violence as I am,\" she added.A source close to Perry was shocked and disgusted by Wolf's remarks.\"What a world, go Katy,\" the source said.Others too have stood up in the pop star's defence.\"Naomi Wolf is a living, breathing contradiction. Her anti-military sentiments against the men and women fighting to defend the freedoms she exercises regularly, speech and protest, is absurd and disturbingly disgraceful,\" Hollywood publicist Angie Meyer said.\"What an enormous slap in the face for our servicemen and women. Naomi Wolf's blatant disrespect for the United States Military, and her political irreverence should be completely disregarded, and her rants and writings, boycotted,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462955", "title": "Independents buoyed by RWA support", "text": "NEW DELHI: Independent candidates may get to play an important role in the formation of the new municipal corporation.With Resident Welfare Associations (RWAs) in several parts of the city campaigning against political parties and putting the candidate's profile and conduct above his political affiliation, the chances of independent contestants faring better look brighter this year. Also, BJP and Congress are facing dissidence from within and several of their leaders have filed nominations as independent candidates.\"In MCD elections, the role of the party is minimal. Councillors have to get funds for themselves. If an independent candidate is more trustworthy and promising, we are certainly going to vote for him,\" said Rajiv Kakaria, member, RWA, Greater Kailash-II. He said they have initiated awareness campaigns to motivate people in their areas to come out and vote in large numbers for the MCD elections to be held on April 15.On Sunday, the federation of RWAs in east Delhi is going to hold a meeting to decide their election strategy. \"We have voted candidates from BJP and Congress to power for years but the results have not been positive. This time we are encouraging RWA members to vote on the basis of a candidate's personal profile and work. We are not averse to voting for candidates from political parties but independents are welcome too,\" said Anil Bajpai, president, east Delhi RWA federation. He claimed that several RWA candidates, who wanted to contest the elections, were denied tickets by BJP and Congress and later chose to contest as independents. In Mayur Vihar Phase-II, the RWAs have fielded their own candidate, Rajesh Sehgal, 45. At CR Park, Anil Sehgal, another independent candidate, has been fielded by RWA.\"There is a lot of anger against political parties. They promise a lot before elections only to disappoint later. Independents stand a good chance of winning, particularly in urban pockets,\" said Sehgal, an investor. Veena Abrol, who is contesting from Lajpat Nagar, was a sitting councillor from the area but BJP denied her a ticket and she is now contesting as an independent.According to the State Election Commission, a total 992 independents have filed their nominations in three municipal bodies comprising 272 wards.BJP and Congress have fielded 272 candidates each. Samajwadi Party, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Indian National Lok Dal (INLD), Janata Dal (United) and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) are also in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12461668", "title": "Belly fat a surefire route to trouble, says cardiologist", "text": "Traditionally ascribed to prosperity, the tummy or middle abdominal tire of fat is now believed to be a reliable marker of potential cardio-metabolic disease.Besides conferring upon the person a bulging figure, the potbelly, lends to the classical, now medically characterized- apple-shaped obesity. This abnormal, easily-acquired fat is composed of adipose tissue where metabolic hormones come to roost and play havoc.Insulin, the hormone associated with diabetes, is not really deficient to begin with, but encounters resistance in its action on glucose metabolism. This resistance is borne in the 'fat' around the middle. Most Type II or maturity-onset diabetics, who these days are in their late thirties, are apple-shaped and have associated high blood pressure, abnormal lipids and even deranged liver function.In fact, the term metabolic syndrome or syndrome X has been coined to describe patients with such abnormal parameters.Unfortunately, the accumulation of 'waist' fat is seen to start after the 3rd decade when prosperity 'seemingly' sets in. The active, mobile, sports-indulging young man, becomes a desk attached, long-hours-working executive. He works in front of a screen and lazes on couches; eats fast food, often deep fried and high on carbs; has no time for exercise but lobbies and hobbies at cocktail parties. This food and wine goes straight to his middle and sticks there and naturally he has no time to shake it off. The stress of modern-day life adds to his now podgy profile and before he realizes it, he is on anti-hypertensives, statins, aspirin and even anti-diabetics. Indians, mostly being mesomorphic in structure and not tall by constitution, become perfect apples quite early in their productive (economic) and reproductive life.The diagnosis of metabolic syndrome is made not so much by the BP instrument, glucometer or stethoscope as by the measure tape. Approximately waists of more than 39\" in men and 34\" in women with body mass index (BMI) of more than 30 classify patients as overweight pushing them toward central obesity.So strong is the correlation between this pad of fat and disease, that most patients can get off or definitely reduce the obesity-induced BP and sugar medication with successful weight loss and shrinkage of a few inches. Research has shown pears to score over apples and women with pear-shaped figures (wide hips) are seen to be less at risk than the apples.Lifestyle alteration is the key to allow successful tightening of the belt. Cardio, brisk-walking, exercise, calorie-counting, selection of foods, abstinence from excessive alcohol and intake of prescription medication is enough to tilt back the scales.Central obesity can have a genetic preponderance and also tends to abound in the 'nouveau' rich or that class of society where unhealthy foods abound. Education and awareness of this 'bad apple' needs to spread so that citizens in the zenith of their lives are not robbed of health.The bulging middle cuts a 'Dirty Picture' but there is more 'Kahani' to it than meets the eye. Beware, for this is not the 'apple' of the medical eye.--Dr Hemant Thacker(The writer is a consultant physician and cardio-metabolic specialist in south Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12465955", "title": "Chakka jam to protest Kotra murder, killer still at large", "text": "BHOPAL: A group of persons staged a chakka jam near the Kamla Nagar police station to protest the murder of a youth, who was shot dead in Kotra Sultabanad area late on Wednesday.The police said three persons have been booked for the murder. Of the three, prime accused Raj Yadav and one accused Rishabh have been identified, the police said, adding one more is yet to be identified.One accused was reportedly rounded up on Thursday, but the police did not confirm it. The deceased, Abhishek Gupta, was shot dead from close range near the Vivekananda School on Wednesday night. Police said three bullets were pumped into his body, one in head and one each in chest and abdomen.The exact reason for the crime remained unascertained. Police said Mukesh Yadav, the cousin of the prime accused, was murdered last year.The deceased, Gupta, was a witness in the murder case that took place last year. But the police said it would be too early to corroborate the exact reasons of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12462354", "title": "'Cabinet expansion after April 4'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the next round of portfolio allocation will be done after April 4. Asked how much representation would be there for South Goa in his cabinet, he declined to go into specifics. \"Portfolio allocation will be well-balanced,\" he said. On the Cortalim seat by-election, the decision on the BJP candidate will be taken after a month. \"Too many emotions involved. So let these emotions settle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12466567", "title": "Lucrative placement for IIM-R first batch", "text": "Ranchi: The first batch of students graduating from Indian Institute of Management, Ranchi ( IIM-R) has bagged lucrative jobs with three graduates getting positions abroad. Two of the three have been offered a package of Rs 24 lakh per annum. There were as many as 32 recruiters for a batch of 43 students.Two graduates were offered a package of Rs 23 lakh by a financial firm. The average package offered to the students was Rs 13.60 lakh. The minimum offer made in the process was Rs 8 lakh per annum, a placement report from the premier institute said on Thursday.The placements have been made across all sectors like automobile, banking, business consulting, consumer durables, financial services, FMCG, IT, manufacturing, market research, media and pharmaceutical sectors.Among the prominent recruiters were RPG Group, Jindal Steel &amp; Power, Jaipur Rugs, Yes Bank, Ernst &amp; Young, Sonata Software, and Actuate Management Consulting.The students with international offers will be working in Middle East and South East Asia. All students have been successfully placed.\"The placements are beyond expectations. Given the tough times, they are in fact excellent,\" said Kumar Abhishek, secretary placement committee. The placement process had begun in mid-January and was conducted on a cohort basis, he added.\"The response from the industry was encouraging. The success is primarily attributed to the performance of the students during summer internship and B-school events,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12467362", "title": "The essence of Indianness", "text": "Our journey in the pursuit of greener pastures, in the hallucination of a better life and in the hope of a brighter future to the dreamland, started with a pang of separation in India. A queer feeling of pain and gloom, which was pre-supposed to linger for a period of one year of stay, continued to haunt.People back home had narrated about the dry life of a foreign land but none could make me believe before the actual experiences began to pour in on my way.Finally after running around, we were able to take the flight to the destined land, the land of hope, the land of desert, that is, the land of Libya .Our drive from the Tripoli International Airport to the allotted place, Al-Khooms, the distance being 150 kms, had only reinforced our ideas about the country by exposing us to its scantily- found greenery and the way people lived.On contrary to my perception and surprise, we were put in a hotel which was well-kept and well- equipped. The Khooms hotel stood tall over the place and was very much odd to itself in comparison to the surroundings. I was given a suite from which my balcony opened to the spectacular bluish Mediterranean Sea. I was so obsessed with the idea of bareness and dry life that I couldn't even notice the presence of the adjoining buildings and whatever pastures in the vicinity.I even did not notice the magnificent sight of the sea that offered me a marvellous view which I had missed for two to three days out of complete dejection.Encountering new culture with new people, different language but pleasant weather, I eventually started to quit some of the apprehensions and false notions which I had carried all along.The long stay of around 25 days at Al-Hasanian hotel had generated in me mixed feelings of both optimism and pessimism.To the advantage, we got the opportunity to come across different people from all over India, which kept me at ease if not quietly at home. The interaction was further a boon for some to share their agonized feelings of parting, for some to draw inspiration and for some to find a shoulder to cry upon and so on.To the disadvantage, it provided enough chance to have misapprehensions and distrustful speculations about the longer stay at hotel and the very credibility of the contract on which we were hired, whether it would be honored or breached. However, warm welcome by the natives, combined with respect and hospitality, which they always had toward their foreign guests, was in opposition to our frustration and signaled a brighter ray of hope of survival for all of us.Finally, the time arrived. We were allocated the colleges which were under the affiliation of Al-Merghib University at different places.But before I could set out to the place called Zilten I didn't have any big hope except the same I had carried to this country with some minor exceptions.The moment I entered the place, I was welcomed with an advanced kind of circular flyover running over the Tripoli-Benghazi highway road, and which in turn led me into the city of my destiny.I was enthralled and dazzled at the sight of the mansions and the slightly crowded city than the former place I had stayed in. Again some hopes on my mind started to take better shape for something unknown and unasked for.Finally, we arrived at the residence where I still continue to stay. The building was very awesome, huge and ran into ten storeys.As I stepped into, I began to feel the restoration of the lost element of homeliness, the Indianness with music and aroma in the air.To utmost delight, I came across so many Indian nurses who were working in the nearby hospital. That, in fact, boosted my spirits up and enlivened my soul and burned the candle of longing for an experience which was beyond articulation.Then, started the journey of unforgettable experiences with multiple encounters, with multiple numbers of people.As the days passed by, after the initial hiccups to settle in a new environment, life looked clearer and easier.Gradually, I got absorbed into the professional responsibility, which in fact motivated and bestowed in me the greater joy and fun in the solitary life.To my comfort, the students at the College of Education were obedient and receptive, which made my stay easy and comfortable. The casteless and classless society, marriage culture and other social customs were interesting observations to study.In short, the castle of misapprehensions, which I had always built in my mind about the foreign land, got devastated and germinated in me a new spirit of inquiry and meaning.That is the essence of Indianness...wherever an Indian goes around the globe, holds alien culture to his/her bosom and adapts to new culture in a short span of time with amazing degree of affability and friendliness. That is why Indians are respected widely more than any other immigrants around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461812", "title": "CBI goes to high court over Gidwani\u2019s custody", "text": "MUMBAI: Unhappy with a special court's order to deny them further custody of Adarsh chief promoter and former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, the CBI on Thursday approached the Bombay HC. Justice R C Chavan scheduled the CBI's plea for hearing on Friday.\"The trial judge's order is based on a wrong premise that the CBI had exhausted custody of Gidwani,\" said advocate Revati Dhere, counsel for CBI.According to the advocate, Gidwani was sent to CBI custody for 10 days in connection with a graft case. He was then arrested in the Adarsh case.The CBI said they sought to extend custody as Gidwani was required to be interrogated further to identify the high-ranking officials who had allegedly dealt with the Adarsh file.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12463987", "title": "DSK pins hopes on PIO lawyer to get out of New York sex mess", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin lawyer is part of the defence team of former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn who is fighting to have a civil lawsuit against him in a sexual assualt case dismissed.Amit Mehta, with William Taylor and Hugh Campbell, is defending Strauss-Kahn in the civil lawsuit filed against him by hotel maid Nafissatou Diallo in a Bronx court. Diallo has accused Strauss-Kahn of raping her in his hotel suite last year.Mehta presented Strauss-Kahn's case before Bronx supreme court judge Douglas McKeon arguing that the case be dismissed as his client enjoyed diplomatic immunity, akin to that extended to a UN secretary general, in his capacity as head of a multilateral organization.According the Mehta's bio published in the legal periodical National Law Journal, the 39-year-old is a partner at Washington law firm Zuckerman Spaeder. He had helped Strauss-Kahn defeat criminal charges in the sexual assault case in New York state court.Mehta was part of the team that won an acquittal for former president of Salt Lake City Olympic Bid Committee against federal charges of racketeering and fraud.Mehta had a five-year stint as a staff attorney for the public defender service, District of Columbia before rejoining Zuckerman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12466436", "title": "Animals damage three trap cameras in Palamu", "text": "Daltonganj: At least three trapping cameras installed inside the Palamu Tiger Reserve were damaged by wildlife in the past three weeks, said sources. \"One such camera was damaged by a leopard in Bareysarn. The other two were smashed by elephants in Garu,\" said a source.The divisional forest officer, buffer, Anil K Mishra, confirmed this information. Mishra said the cameras had trapped images of the wildlife till the last moment.\"The chips inside the cameras were intact. When an elephant destroys a camera, it breaks it into pieces. A leopard will just kick it,\" he explained.When asked why the animals were destroying the cameras he said each time a hidden camera clicks a picture, the flash bulb comes alive. \"The flash might irritate them,\" said Mishra.But he refused to comment about the Maoists, who also resent the cameras inside the jungles as they, too, get photographed.The source said that in the past a couple of trapping cameras were taken away by the ultras. They agreed to return them only if their images were deleted from the cameras. The tiger reserve is now left with a little over half a dozen trapping cameras.Mishra refused to give their exact location for purposes of security.DFO (buffer) Anil K Mishra said the cameras had trapped images of the wildlife till the last moment. \"The chips inside the cameras were intact. When an elephant destroys a camera, it breaks it into piece.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12462921", "title": "Uttarakhand CM wins trust vote", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Congress government in Uttarakhand won the trust vote in the assembly on Thursday amid bedlam and opposition BJP's boycott of the House. The fortnight-old Vijay Bahuguna government was skating on thin ice ever since Congress MP and Union minister Harish Rawat triggered a virtual revolt, with his supporters led by Harak Singh Rawat refusing to be sworn in as legislators.The Congress is delicately poised in the 70-member House where it has 32 seats, just one more than BJP. It formed the government with the support of a Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (UKD) legislator and three BSP MLAs. Apart from a voice vote, there was head count of MLAs which revealed the government had the support of 39 legislators, including 32 of the Congress.The Bahuguna government had earlier won its first test by getting Congress MLA from Jageshwar, Govind Singh Kunjwal, elected as the speaker of the House. A three-term MLA, Kunjwal is a close confidante of former MoS for parliamentary affairs, Harish Rawat. His appointment was one of the conditions on which Rawat lent his support to the Bahuguna government.Apart from 32 Congress MLAs, independents Mantri Prasad Naithani, Dinesh Dhaney and Harish Durgpal voted for the government. UKD MLA Preetam Pawar and three BSP MLAs, too, voted in favour of the government. While Bahuguna and Rawat described the victory as a foregone conclusion, former BJP chief minister Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' and Congress MLA from Ranikhet Ajay Bhatt slammed the government for shying away from secret ballot.The BJP MLAs said that they would meet the governor and urge her to ask the government to prove its majority once again by seeking confidence motion through secret voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462264", "title": "Plea to amend RTE to protect minority rights", "text": "PANAJI: Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik has sought an amendment to the Right to Education Act (RTE) 2009, to protect the constitutional rights of minority schools.Speaking in the RS, Naik said minority school managements have objected to certain provisions of RTE, including composition of management committees and prohibition of pre-entrance tests.Naik said that prohibiting screening procedure for admission of students prevents schools from checking whom they are admitting and thus there is a possibility of unruly elements and those opposed to the ideologies and value system of minority community gaining admission into minority institutions.Naik also stated that minorities have opposed the RTE guideline that 75% of the members of the committee have to be from amongst parents or guardians of children while the remaining from local bodies, teaching community and from local educationists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466198", "title": "Kiss the girl", "text": "Female singers -- and in some cases, actors -- seem to be getting a little naughty, what with pictures and video footage emerging of them snogging other galsLEANN RIMES-GAL PAL: On a recent trip to popular ski spot Mammoth in California, country singer LeAnn Rimes was seen getting cosy with a gal pal -- while her husband Eddie Cibirian looked on. In fact, far from being perturbed about his wife locking lips with someone else, he was seen cheering on and taking pictures as the other woman, identified only as Lizzy, leans in to kiss LeAnn. Later, LeAnn even took off her top to expose her black bra and buried her face in her friends bosom.SPEARS-RIHANNA: Oops... she kissed a girl and she liked it -- again! At least, that's what it seemed like when Britney Spears locked lips with Rihanna at the 2011 Billboard Music Awards. Rihanna took the stage to belt out her song, S&M;, kitted in a black bondage-style outfit and was later joined by Britney, who wore a matching white ensemble. The singers rounded off their performance by dancing provocatively up and down poles, engaging in a pillow fight and then kissing.SANDRA BULLOCK-SCARLETT JOHANSSON: In 2010, Sandra Bullock decided to make her first public appearance after announcing her split from her husband, Jesse James , memorable. During her acceptance speech at a music awards show, where Sandra picked up an award, she decided to clear the air about her personal life by locking lips with presenter Scarlett Johansson . After the brief kiss that evening, Sandra shrugged and said, \"Now that we did that, can we go back to normal? Because therapy is really expensive.\"SANDRA BULLOCK-MERYL STREEP: Before she took home the Best Actress Oscar for The Blind Side, Sandra Bullock had to share an award in the same category with Meryl Streep at an another awards ceremony. \"This is bullsh*t!\" Sandra said jokingly before kissing Meryl, who was awarded the honour for her role in Julie and Julia. Later in Sandra's acceptance speech, she commented on the kiss, saying, \"Meryl is a good kisser.\"MADONNA-BRITNEY SPEARS AND CHRISTINA AGUILERA: When Britney Spears appeared onstage in a bridal gown at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, little did people realize that the performance would end in the most talked about on-stage lip-lock of the decade. The singer was joined by Christina Aguilera for a rendition of Madonna's Like a Virgin. Then Madonna emerged, dressed in a black tuxedo and top hat, which she took off as she launched into her song, Hollywood. Britney and Christina then ripped off the skirts of their gowns to reveal white corsets as they gyrated with the Queen of Pop. Madonna then proceeded to kiss both singers -- Britney first, then Christina -- before Missy Elliot took the stage to round off the performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463498", "title": "10 automatic rain gauge stations to dot Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents in and around Sholinganallur need no longer depend on measurements in Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam for rainfall data as a new 50-feet automatic rain gauge (ARG) station was inaugurated in the locality on Thursday.Sathyabama University chancellor Jeppiar inaugurated the first of 10 ARG sites being installed by the Indian Meteorological Department in Chennai to provide location-specific weather data. Equipped to measure humidity, rainfall and temperature, they will help make accurate forecasts, specifying the rainfall variability. Chennai will be the third metropolis after Delhi and Mumbai to get such as station.\"The rainfall, humidity and temperature of the area can be measured with the ARG, which runs on solar power. It is an effort at arranging a denser network of weather monitoring,\" said B Amudha, scientist, Regional Instruments Maintenance Centre at the Regional Meteorological Centre, Chennai. Nine more ARGs are to come up at Taramani, Anna University, Hindustan University, LMOIS Kolapakkam, Poonamallee, Chembarambakkam, Puzhal, Kattupakkam and Avadi by mid-April.Y E A Raj, deputy director-general of meteorology, Regional Meteorological Centre in Chennai, said hourly data will be transmitted to a geostationary satellite, which will re-transmit the data to the receiving earth station at Pune. \"The data will help to validate the measurements from the Doppler radar,\" he said.South India is set to get 209 ARGs, including 75 in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry. Karnataka will get 50, while 54 will be set up in Andhra Pradesh and 30 in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12462958", "title": "Trader bodies split in opinion", "text": "LUCKNOW: The difference of opinion between traders associations over closure of markets came out in the open on Thursday. While, UP Adarsh Vyapar Mandal led by Sanjay Gupta claimed the market will remain closed on Friday, the other group, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal led by Sandeep Bansal said the protest will be limited to Delhi and there will be no impact in UP.In fact, Bansal went on refer the protesting group as a 'bunch of traders who after losing their credibility are hell bent on causing problems'. Sarafa traders have been up in arms against the Centre's decision to impose production tax on branded jewellery and tax collection on sale of over Rs 2 lakh.On Thursday, general secretary of UP Sarafa Association, Ravindra Nath Rastogi said that the jewellers would be keeping shops shut in protest. The association sought support from various traders' association.The Adarsh Vyapar Mandal was quick to extend its support telling its members to take out a protest march from Lalbagh to Raj Bhawan. But the other section under the aegis of Akhil Bhartiya Vyapar Mandal said that there is no need of a protest, as the Samajwadi Party government is already taking up the issue with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12466995", "title": "City gets kidney institute", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the alarming need for organ transplantation in India, Satguru Partap Singh Apollo Hospitals, on Thursday launched Apollo Transplant Institute in Ludhiana to offer kidney transplant services in the region. Announcing the institutea??s launch in Chandigarh, Anupam Sibal, group medical director and senior pediatric gastroenterologist, Apollo Hospitals Group, said kidney transplant surgeries will be performed under the guidance of Sandeep Guleria, senior consultant, kidney transplantation in Indraprastha Apollo Hospitals, New Delhi, a pioneer in the field. Dr Vikas Kumar of SPS Apollo shall be in charge of the programme and supported by the nephrology team comprising of Dr Rahul Kohli and Dr Baskshish Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12463195", "title": "1 in 5 city properties lying vacant", "text": "GURGAON: On the one hand, thousands of people aspire to have a house of their own, while on the other hand, about one-fifth of houses in the city are lying vacant. According to Census 2011, more than 18% of houses in Gurgaon are neither occupied by owners nor by tenants, higher than the number of such houses in other parts of the NCR at about 15%.By simple market rules, such a large number of vacant houses means oversupply. This, in turn, should translate into a fall in prices. But in the case of Gurgaon, the reality of realty is different. Here, the rich are buying several houses. And the fact that they don't even care for rental incomes, which run into tens of thousands of rupees per month, goes to show the kind of returns they expect on such investments.This state of 'vacancy', which is far higher than the state average of 8.7%, is despite the fact that about one-fifth of the city's population doesn't have 'livable' houses.Neerja Sekhar, Director of state census operations, said on Wednesday that there may be many reasons for such a situation but the number of vacant houses is increasing sharply.Independent experts, however, point out that the extent of vacancy indicates what a goldmine Gurgaon's real estate is. The vacant stock simply shows profiteering at play in an era of exorbitant property prices.\"It shows that builders and investors in this market don't mind holding on to the stock in the hope that prices will go up in the near future,\" said Jagdeep Aatri, a property agent. The data also shows that many Gurgaonites living in other cities or working abroad prefer Gurgaon as an investment destination, which may contribute to vacant housing stock.A real estate analyst warned that many people might have invested black money into city properties.\"Such individuals don't give their property on rent as they acquire it through black money and search for 'suitable' potential buyers. In many cases salaried tenants declare the details of their house owners to authorities, which may result in tax departments catching the loopholes.\"If not anything else, this kind of vacancy rate creates an artificial shortage of potential leasing properties, leading to unreasonable growth in rents.In Haryana, the number of vacant houses was 2.58 lakh in 1991, 3.22 lakh in 2001 and 6.19 lakh in 2011. Around 68% of households in Haryana own a television. About one-sixth of the households own a computer, out of which just 6% have access to Internet. Around 80% households own a telephone. While one-third of them have two-wheelers, about one-tenth of the households own four-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465799", "title": "Commissioner for speedy works", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All officials concerned with the development works in the district should ensure that all schemes should be implemented at gram panchayat level because the role of gram panchayats have always remained under cloud over the implementation of MNREGA, said divisional commissioner Mukesh Meshram while presiding over a review meeting of officials here on Thursday.The district administration will conduct videography of all meetings of gram panchayats and all new schemes would be announced after deliberation. Stating that the current financial year is nearing completion and works for the entire year would be reviewed in the next meeting.On the other hand the commissoner also ordered stopping of salary of more than half a dozen officials who remained absent during the review meeting while block development officers were asked to speed up the work related to allotment of houses under Indira Awas Yojana.Besides, all BDOs would fill up their inspection diary and submit it to the district development officer( DDO) on whose recommendations their salary for the month of April and May would be released by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466190", "title": "Teachers\u2019 Eligibility Test site disabled after list confusion", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Teachers' Eligibility Test ( TET) has run into rough weather after the website containing the names of candidates was disabled following confusion in the list.Now, the entire procedure would be manual. The final list will be out after Bihu.Earlier, the final list was supposed to be out on March 31. Although the list would now be out on the same date, it will be considered as the second provisional list.The provisional list of candidates was out on March 26.On March 27 and 28, the candidates were supposed to fill up the names of the final district out of the three which they had put as options. But, the website being an automatic one, the moment a candidate cancels the two optional districts, the position of the candidates name gets updated automatically.So, if a candidate chooses a wrong option and wants to correct it later, they cannot access their name in the list again. This system seemed confusing to most of the candidates. So, the committee decided to disable the website for the time being.Explaining the situation , state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said \"The list changes each time a candidate cancels the optional districts. People said they were getting confused; therefore we decided to disable the website temporarily.\"He added, \"The website would now be a manual one, where candidates have to log in to check their names. They can lodge complaints till April 10. Other than that, the candidates would now have the option of going to the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) office and lodge their complaint. They can also do so by registered post.\"Though the deadline of the final list is supposed to be April 10, the minister said if it is seen that the complaint list of the candidates is long, then a few more days would be given and the list would be out after Bihu.Bihu committees urge CM to ban liquor sale on four days of festivalGuwahati: Bihu celebration committees in the city have jointly urged chief minister Tarun Gogoi to declare the four days of Rongali Bihu, which begins on April 13, as dry days in the state.The co-ordination committee, named Brihattor Guwahati Bihu Sanmilanee Samannay Rakhi Samiti met the chief minister and state cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan on Wednesday and submitted their memorandum.The newly floated co-ordination committee comprising 17 organizing committees said the city wants a nuisance-free Bihu celebration this year.Expressing hope that the chief minister would consider the committees' request to ban sale of liquor across the state during the four days of Rongali Bihu, general secretary of the committee, Pranab Goswami on Thursday said, \"Liquor is the prime cause of nuisances created by some sections during Rongali Bihu programmes.These people create a chaos during Bihu functions after getting drunk.\"He said the co-ordination committee will launch a campaign appealing to people to abjure tobacco-related products and liquor during Rongali Bihu. \"We have also appealed to the chief minister to ensure that buses run by the Assam State Transport Corporation ply on city roads till 12 at night from April 13 to 16 so that people can return home from one part of the city to another after watching Bihu functions. Our co-ordination committee will also talk to the motor transport associations and urge them to run private buses till midnight,\" Goswami added.In a memorandum submitted before chief minister Tarun Gogoi, the co-ordination committee also urged the Assam government to invite folk cultural groups from other parts of Assam and outside through its directorate of culture to perform during Bihu.The committee further urged the government to stop trucks from plying inside Guwahati from 7 pm to 5 am for the convenience of the commuters and instruct the district administration and police to keep strict vigil during Bihu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461343", "title": "Probe assault on BMC engineer: NGO", "text": "MUMBAI: A city-based NGO has moved the Bombay HC seeking a judicial probe into the alleged assault of a BMC executive engineer by an NCP worker. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi said the matter be listed for hearing on April 2.Bhagwanji Raiyani of Janhit Manch urged the HC to ask the accused to pay compensation to the officer. Raiyani has based his application on a TOI report dated March 28, 2012.On March 26, a group of NCP workers, led by Asif Bhamla, the party's district vice-president, had gone to BMC's H(West) ward office to complain that no permission was being granted to put up banners in the ward. NCP worker Nisare Haseen allegedly slapped executive engineer Ulhas Mahale, after being instigated by another party worker Sunil Chavan.Raiyani, whose petition against political hoardings is pending before the high court, said that the incident if goes unpunished could set a dangerous precedent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466170", "title": "Northeast Grad Congress to start on May 29", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Northeast Institute of Science and Technology (NEIST), Jorhat and Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR) in collaboration with Education Research and Development Foundation (ERDF) have organized a Northeast Graduate Congress, to be held on May 29 and 30 in Meghalaya.The congress is being organized as there is not much scope for career counseling in the northest, which leaves students confused about what career path to choose after completing their graduation. Besides, the curriculum that students follow here are old and thus, they fail to compete with other students in the metros.The meeting will provide a platform to the students from different parts of the northeast to interact with organizations from different sectors and also to exchange their views with other students.Dinesh Baishya, member of the organizing body said, \"There has to be a need-based curriculum as most of the students cannot decide what to take up after graduation and the present curriculum does not give them too many options to choose from.\" He added, \"While making the curriculum, it is necessary to take the student's view. They are the ones who should decide what changes they want.\"Amit Choudhury, another member said, \"Around 15,000 students are likely to participate in the programme and we will also invite experts from various leading institutes from all over the country. This programme will be the first-of-its-kind in the northeast and we hope the students benefit from it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466401", "title": "Malharganj cop shifted for laxity", "text": "INDORE: Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) on Thursday line attached Malharganj town inspector Suresh Sejwal for various irregularities rampant at the police station.SSP A Sai Manohar told TOI that the inspector was line attached for his failure in maintaining proper records and due to tardy progress in investigations. Sources said that irregularities were found at the police station by IGP Indore Range Anuradha Shankar during her sudden recent visit. The IGP reportedly found that proper records were not maintained and Sejwal was investigating only one or two per cent cases registered at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463751", "title": "State orders CID inquiry into death of undertrial", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Wednesday ordered a Crime Investigation Department (CID) inquiry into the suspicious death of an undertrial following a directive by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). Rathod Sanjeev, the undertrial, was an accused in an attempt to murder case registered at the Mudhole police station in Adilabad.Sanjeev was remanded in judicial custody and sent to the Nirmal sub-jail on April 29, 2008. Sanjeev died on May 22, 2008 while being shifted to the Government Headquarters Hospital, Adilabad from the Government Civil Hospital, Nirmal.Neither the remand report nor admission register of when Sanjeev was sent to prison, mentions any health complaints. However, the post-mortem report indicated that there were several external and internal injuries on the body.The report also indicated the cause of death was due to 'blunt injury to the brainstem'. However, the prison officials said Sajeev had suffered injuries prior to his admission at the jail.The NHRC said the prisoner died in suspicious circumstances, which must be investigated thoroughly, and directed the chief secretary to get the matter inquired. \"The government after careful examination of the matter and keeping in view the directions of the NHRC, hereby order for investigation by the CID,\" special chief secretary (Home) Chaya Ratan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462266", "title": "Two trucks seized at Dhargalim", "text": "PANAJI: After inspecting a quarry at Dhargalim in Pernem taluka in connection with illegal extraction of laterite stones, officers from the mines department on Thursday detained two trucks bearing registration no GA-04-T-4147 and GA-03-T-7400, which were in the process of loading the stones. A detention memo was issued to the truck owners.\"Both the trucks were brought to the police station and handed over to police. We asked them to keep a necessary vigil at the site,\" said sources at the mines department. The mines department conducted the inspection following a complaint from Rajan Harmalkar on illegal extraction of laterite stones at the site.As soon as the inspection team reached the site, labourers ran away leaving their implements behind. \"All the implements were seized and brought to the mining head office at Panaji ,\" said sources.An inspection report prepared by the officers and submitted to mines department has recommended that the department should inform the deputy collector and mamlatdar of Pernem about the incident to take necessary action. The report has also recommended that a detailed survey be conducted of the area for identification of the survey numbers and also to measure the material extracted at the site.It may be recalled that Pernem police on Wednesday arrested one person in connection with illegal stone quarrying in an area marked for the sports city at Dhargalim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12466687", "title": "High on fees, low on facilities", "text": "LUDHIANA: It is not just the high rates at the city railway station parking lots that are leaving commuters high and dry, but lack of facilities too.Commuters rue that despite paying a a \"heavy\" fee, the contractor fails to provide their vehicles security, shelters, smooth roads and a well-maintained lot. The contractor, however, says that he is charging high fee as he has to recover the monthly rent he pays to the railway authorities.The authorities had increased the tender rates of parking contract last year and its monthly rent was fixed at Rs 1.51 lakh. It resulted in a hike in parking fee, with commuters shelling out Rs 200 per day for stationing their cars for some days, Rs 50 for one-time car parking and Rs 10 to Rs 50 (charged hour-wise) for two-wheelers. There are two parking lots at the station: one at the main entrance and the other at its rear. Though there was a proposal to construct a multi-level parking lot there, it has for long been in limbo.Meanwhile, residents say that high parking rates are unwarranted for lots that are in a pathetic state. A businessman and resident of Urban Estate, Chandigarh Road, Narinder Bhamra, says, \"The contractor is fleecing commuters, and the railway officials are doing nothing about it. At other stations, like in Delhi, the fees is not more than Rs 20.\" Badish Jindal of Basant Avenue says, \"At the lot on the stations rear, the contractor asks people to station their vehicles on road and still charges money. The railway authorities must look into the matter.\"However, divisional traffic manager at city station Parminder Singh said, \"The contract of parking lots will be allotted again in April, but I cannot say if the rates will be reduced because these depend on tender rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12466410", "title": "Ranchi in grip of stray dog menace", "text": "RANCHI: An increasing number of street dogs is spreading fear in neighbourhoods as morning walkers and those returning late at night are becoming targets of attack. \"They look quite ferocious. Even if they don't bite, their bark can scare you,\" said S K Jha, a retired government employee, who goes on walks every morning.He added, \"They sometimes chase you and look ready to pounce on you. I sometimes feel I should stop going for my morning walks.\"Night time is worse as there are few cars on roads and the lone biker or cyclist is the target of this canine brigade. Sanjeev, a student, said, \"I was once returning at around 11 at night on my bike. The dogs started chasing me all the way to my house.\"Raghu, a labourer, whose five-year-old son was bitten by a dog, was admitted to the Sadar Hospital a few days ago. \"My son was badly wounded on his hand and face. I had to spend more than Rs 5,000 on his treatment. How is it possible for daily wage earners like me to spend so much money?\" he asked.Chief executive officer of Ranchi Municipal Corporation, Vinay Chaubey, said, \"We do not have enough staff to pick up stray dogs. We have come up with a new project in which Rs 1.32 crore has been sanctioned by the animal welfare board to sterilize 36,000 dogs in three years. If things go as planned we can hope to end the menace in the next six years.\"According to the records of Hope and Animal Trust, an NGO assigned the work of sterilizing street dogs, almost 11,000 dogs have been sterilized in the past three years.Secretary of Hope and Animal Trust, Praveen Ohal, said, \"The reason behind the increase in the number of dogs is the increasing population which leads to an increasing area of habitation.\"The residents, especially those living in the slum areas, also do not cooperate with the NGO.\"When our staff visits slum areas to catch dogs, residents resist saying they are their pets,\" said Ohal, adding, \"people need to be more aware and support us. Only then can we be successful in our mission.\"The NGO has only one vehicle for catching dogs. If anyone wants to get a dog in the area sterilized then he has to give a written complaint and pay for the fuel. \"Only then will our staff go and catch the dog,\" he said.Chief executive officer of Ranchi Municipal Corporation, Vinay Chaubey, said, \"We do not have enough staff to pick up stray dogs. We have come up with a new project in which Rs 1.32 crore has been sanctioned by the animal welfare board to sterilize 36,000 dogs in three years. If things go as planned we can hope to end the menace in the next six years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461939", "title": "Tension in Rajiv Nagar after students clash", "text": "NAGPUR: Tension prevailed in Rajiv Nagar after two groups of students of a private college in Hingna came to blows on Wednesday evening. The tension spread to Rajiv Nagar after the violence spilled over to this locality that is close to the college.The students had started attacking each other in front the college. Sources said that one of the group's friendship with a girl, studying in the college, was the reason behind the quarrel between her fellow students.The matter took a turn for the worse as unruly students ventured into the neighbouring Rajiv Nagar locality attacking each other. Local residents, who tried to defuse the tension, were assaulted by the students. The residents then started attacking the students and damaging their vehicles. Several students were beaten up during the chaos. Police rushed to the locality to bring the situation under control. Some students were taken to the hospital with serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12462314", "title": "Now, police get cracking in Morlem mining case", "text": "KERI: The Valpoi police has issued summons to 44 truck owners and drivers and look out notices to three persons involved in the case off illegal mining issue of Morlem, Sattari. Valpoi PI Sidhdant Shirodkar says he has taken necessary steps for unearthing the nexus of all the persons involved in Morle mining case.\"Cases of illegal mining in various parts of Sattari were detected earlier by vigilant citizens from time to time but the earlier government has failed miserably in taking actions against those involved in illegal mining activities. But this time our sincere efforts have thrown light on the scam,\" says Kamlesh Bandekar of Bharat Swabhiman, talking to TOI.Some villagers from Keri, Morlem, under the aegis of Bharat Swabhiman met Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar and urged him to take necessary action against those involved in illegal mining activities in Morle.Kamlesh Bandekar met DIG Ravindra Yadav and brought to his notice the illegal dumps in Bicholim and asked him to take steps to curb it.As mineral ore was found to be dumped in the property of Rupali Rupesh Parab, Cotambi, the summons was issued to her. Deepak Mayenkar, a Geologist of the Directorate of Mines and Geology said, \"We have written a letter to the mamlatdar of Sattari to inform us about the owner of Survey No 119/2. We have already taken samples of materials extracted and handed over to the Police. Cops have arrested 19 persons so far and are investing the matter. Police also recorded the statements of Sarpanch of Morlem Anand Sawant and talathi Ramkrishna Gawas in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461917", "title": "18-year-old Hyderabad girl ends life in hotel", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old girl committed suicide in a hotel room near the airport at Andheri (E). Her body was found hanging from the ceiling fan on Thursday morning.The deceased, Rajanala Kusuma Sri Shambhavi, ran away from her Hyderabad home on March 3. She had stayed in around dozen hotels in Mumbai before checking into the Andheri hotel on Tuesday.She had left a suicide note stating that no one was responsible for her act.The Vile Parle police registered an accidental death case and ruled out possibility of foul play in the case.The police found her laptop, mobile and several hotel bills in the room. It appeared that she was running out of money, said the police. They have informed her family about the incident. Zonal deputy commissioner of police Satyanarayan Chaudhary said, \"It's a suicide case. We are waiting for her family members and will ask them about her details.\"The police added that the girl's relatives had filed a missing complaint at a local police station in Hyderabad. They had been trying to contact her but she was not communicating with them, the police said.The deceased told the hotel employees that she had come for a job interview. On Wednesday, the deceased had gone out and returned in the evening. \"Our staff went to collect the plates at night and she was normal,\" said an employee. On Thursday morning, a hotel employee gave her a call inform her about checkout, but she did not respond. The employees opened the room with a duplicate key and found her hanging from the fan. The police said no one had visited her in the room during her stay at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461741", "title": "Civic engineer gets 2 years in jail for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic executive engineer (T ward) Rajendra Phadnis, who was caught by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 in 2009, was sentenced to two years in prison.Sessions court special judge V A Daulatabad imposed a fine of Rs 5,000, failing which the judge said he may be sent to jail for two more months.In April 2009, the complainant, an interior designer, was carrying out work in three flats. The designer was amalgamating the flats which was objected to by Phadnis.Phadnis initially sent two private persons and stopped work; when the complainant questioned them, he was told that he should contact the former. Phadnis then demanded Rs 15,000 per flat. The interior designer paid Rs 20,000, but Phadnis' demands kept increasing, after which the former lodged an official complaint with the ACB. The ACB caught Phadnis in his office, when he accepted the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461698", "title": "BMC to revamp civil works system", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after an internal note on the ward-level civil works circulated by BMC's chief accountant was leaked to a standing committee member, TOI has learnt that the civic body is looking for ways to plug the leaks in petty civil works in wards.Existing civil works contractors at the ward level have been under the lens of the civic administration as they are pushing for an extension of their tender period, which expires on March 31.A senior civic official said, \"We need to overhaul the petty civil work at the ward level. Firstly, we need to utilize the resources that we have at the ward level rather than depend on contractors. Only those works which cannot be handled by us should be outsourced.\"TOI has learnt that the existing set of contractors involved in petty civil works want to extend their tender period so that new contractors are not appointed. The work period for the existing contractors expires on March 31. \"This letter has been leaked in order to create a controversy,\" said a senior leader from the ruling saffron alliance. Congress corporator Sheetal Mhatre, who raised a point of objection about the letter in a standing committee meeting, said she would soon disclose who gave her the letter. \"I am planning to file an RTI to obtain data on fund allocated by the chief accountant (finance) in the last five years,\" she said.Rahul Shewale, chairman of the standing committee, said, \"I had received the note last week. We are planning to overhaul the system since we are not getting any results. We need to break the nexus and ensure that work is done at the ward level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12466115", "title": "Indian Oil bosses visit Bongaigaon Refinery", "text": "GUWAHATI: During his maiden visit to Bongaigaon Refinery (BGR) on March 21, chairman of Indian Oil RS Butola, accompanied by director (Refineries) RK Ghosh and executive director of Bongaigaon Refinery A Saran, paid a visit to the neighbouring villages of the refinery to have a look at its corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives.At Birhanggaon, the chairman inaugurated the Bodoland Community Hall (Bodoland Darbar Hall) amidst eminent citizens of the village and students of neighbouring schools. In an attempt to promote culture, social harmony, the refinery has given Rs 10.20 lakh for construction of the hall.Under CSR initiatives, BGR has undertaken a scheme to distribute 200 solar lamps to Class X and XII students of 10 villages to provide them light to study during evening hours. At Sonapur village in Chirang district, which has been covered under the sanitation project of BGR, the chairman and the director (Refineries) met the beneficiaries of the project. BGR had undertaken a sanitation project in 10 villages after conducting a baseline survey through an NGO called \"ANT\". BGR has constructed 314 sanitation units in 10 villages in two phases for providing hygienic sanitation facilities to poor villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12467210", "title": "Students enjoy interactive talk with novelist", "text": "LUDHIANA: Government College for Women, Bharatnagar Chowk, organized a talk by novelist Mittar Sen in the Punjabi Department on Thursday.Head Punjabi Department Krishan Singh welcomed the speaker and chief guest on the occasion. Rakesh Kumar gave a introduction to his literary contribution. During his speech, Sen said novels are very important to form social and literary attitude. He also explained how these help in better understanding of justice system, police administration and society. The students of MA part-I and II listened intently and asked many questions.College principal Gurminder Kaur praised the faculty of Punjabi department for giving excellent results in the city.Sen is a retired district attorney of Ludhiana, and Punjabi novelist. Importantly, his two novels \" Kaurav Sabhaa\" and \" Tafdeesh\" have been prescribed to students in post graduate department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461486", "title": "29 bogus private schools in western suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: As many as 29 private schools in the western suburbs, from Bandra to Dahisar, have been found to be bogus, the state government informed the legislative assembly on Thursday.The issue was raised by leader of opposition Eknath Khadse (BJP) and two Shiv Sena MLAs Vinod Ghosalkar and Ravindra Waikar.In his reply, school education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"There were 29 illegal schools. Of these, 24 were English-medium schools, three Hindi-medium and two were Marathi-medium schools.\"Replying to a Sena MLA's sub-question as to what action was the government taking to ensure that parents did not enroll their children in these schools, Darda said that the department has issued advertisements in local newspapers informing citizens and asking parents to not send their students to such schools.Replying to another question as to what action would be taken against the education department officials who allowed such schools to function, Darda said that since the schools were illegal and were running without permission there was no action to be taken against any official.A senior education department official, requesting anonymity said, \"On the lines of the students verification drive undertaken by the department last year, the state should initiate a drive to find bogus schools in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465713", "title": "More horsepower for Ajay Devgn", "text": "The actor is about to interpret his iconic action sequence by straddling a pair of horsesEvery star has their signature strut. Rajinikanth flips his sunglasses. Shah Rukh Khan spreads his arms. And Ajay Devgn straddles two moving vehicles. In his debut film Phool Aur Kaante, he strode two bikes. In Golmaal Returns, keeping in tune with director Rohit Shetty's fascination for them, Devgn repeated his famous action with two brightly coloured cars. And now, the actor has decided to reinterpret his famous act with two lively horses for Ashwini Dhir's Son Of Sardar.Mirror has found out that the filmmakers have already finalised two horses from Patiala, where the shoot has been planned. A big ground has already been booked for the sequence. The horses are being trained there. And the actor too is training with them.On the other hand, the entire team is busy planning the sequence - figuring out how to shoot the scene without a safety harness, how to avoid scaring the animals etc - since even a single glitch could seriously injure the actor.The scene will be directed by Jai Singh, who had been an associate of the actor's father Veeru Devgan. He had also been the action director for all Rohit Shetty films including Golmaal, Singham, Golmaal 3 etc.Apart from getting ready for the scene, Devgn is busy getting acquainted with the two horses. Since unlike the bikes and cars that held him the last two times, horses are living beings and have a mind of their own. This makes the stunt more challenging.Interestingly, it is after 12 years that Devgn would do an action sequence involving horses. The last time was for his home production Raju Chacha.Meanwhile...Inking historyThat Sanjay Dutt, Ajay Devgn and director Rohit Shetty have got themselves inked is not news. However, for the first time, the three men made their marks public. On a special episode of a television chat show.Interestingly, it was Dutt who had inspired Devgn to get inked while shooting for All The Best. And celeb stylist Hakim Aalim had flown down to Goa to needle the tattoo on Devgn's chest on the sets of Golmaal. And now, Devgn has a tattoo of his daughter's name Nysa and an image of Lord Shiva on his chest.Devgn's tattoo in turn inspired his friend Rohit Shetty to get one as well. And for the first time, they showed off their marks on the TV show.Kunal M Shah and Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12463615", "title": "Manekshaw birth anniversary in Ooty will bring Antony, army chief together", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Defence minister A K Antony and Chief of Army Staff Gen V K Singh will be together at a public function for the first time since relations between the government and the army chief dipped to a new low following the latter claiming that he was offered a bribe by a fellow officer and had reported the incident to the minister.The two men will attend the 98th birth anniversary celebration of modern India's renowned soldier, Field Marshal Sam Manekshaw, at the Parsee Zoroastrian Cemetery in Ooty, on April 3.During a half hour ceremony, a prayer by family members of Sam Bahadur, as he was fondly known, will be conducted followed by the laying of wreaths by the defence minister and other dignitaries of the Army, according to Lt. Col. P Nagaraj, Madras Regimental Centre (MRC), Wellington.The wreath laying will comprise the traditional presentation of arms by special guard of the MRC, sounding of the last post and rouse by the band of the MRC after observance of two minutes of silence.The wreath laying will be observed by Maja Daruwala and Sherry Batliwala, daughters of Manekshaw, station commandant, MRC, commandant, Defence Service Staff College (DSSC) and representatives of the Chief of Air Force staff and Chief of Naval staff.Born on April 3, 1914, Sam Manekshaw participated in World War II , the three wars against Pakistan and the 1962 Sino-India War. He was the architect of India's famous victory in the 1971 war to liberate Bangladesh from Pakistan. He was appointed as the 8th Chief of Army Staff in 1969.The five-star general, one of only two Army officers to be honoured with the rank of Field Marshal, died on June 27, 2008, at the age of 94, at the military hospital in Wellington, after a long battle with lung disease.Sam Bahadur was laid to rest after a state funeral at Parsee Zoroastrian Cemetery here alongside his wife Siloo's grave. She had died in 2001. During the funeral, M M Pallam Raju, the minister of state for defence, joined the mourners to represent the centre while the Army was represented by the then vice-chief of staff, Lt Gen M L Naidu.On Thursday, a rehearsal, in connection with the defence minister's arrival to the cemetery, was conducted by the soldiers of MRC at the Parsee cemetery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12463640", "title": "Elephant rescued from 36-feet pit after three days", "text": "COIMBATORE: A cow elephant trapped in a 36 feet pit in the Periyanaickenpalayam forest range for three days was rescued on Thursday. The spot is not accessible by vehicles as it is located on a hillock at Perumal Mudi. It can be reached only on foot after trekking up about four kms through the forest.M Nazir, forest range officer said it took sometime for the 20-year-old pachyderm trapped in the pit filled with stagnant water and mud to realise that the group of humans standing at the edge of the crevice and rolling in small and medium sized rock pieces to give her a foothold, were actually trying to reunite her with her herd.But as realisation dawned on her, she herself arranged the rocks with her feet to create a platform to come out. Halfway out of the pit a juicy treat of sugarcane and plantain stumps were waiting for her to boost her up as she had spent the last three days without food and water. Finally she strode out into the open more than four hours after the operation began at 7am.A team of about 50 members from anti-poaching and anti-deputation team began the rescue operation after an initial attempt late on Wednesday evening had to be called off due to elephant movement in the vicinity. \"Her herd should be somewhere nearby and she will reunite with them. It seems she has calves also as there were some droppings near the crevice which seems to be of young elephants. It also seems like they stood at the top waiting for her to climb up before moving away,\" said K Rangasamy, leader of the anti-poaching watchers team involved in the rescue operation.However, the forest officials claimed that the elephant was lucky that she was spotted and rescued out before she died of starvation as the area is not frequented by humans on a regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12469318", "title": "ET NOW bags FIVE awards", "text": "ET NOW, India's #1 Stock Market Channel, bagged 5 awards at the '5th News Television Awards 2012' on 28th March, 2012 in New Delhi.The awards felicitated achievers and performers across the news television space under 44 categories.ET NOW won awards under the categories of 'Best Auto Show', 'Live Stock Market Telecast Show', 'Business Talk Show', 'Set Design (Actual)' and 'Show Packaging'. The details of the shows that won under these categories are as given below:BEST AUTO SHOWZigWheels, ET NOW's automobile &amp; motor sports show won an award under the 'Best Auto Show' category.BEST LIVE STOCK MARKET TELECAST SHOWBuy NOW Sell NOW - The Stock Game, a live stock market game show featuring the biggest stock market experts, won the 'Best Live Telecast Show' Award.BEST BUSINESS TALK SHOWVodafone Drive Into The Big League, an 8-part reality series featuring 21 Small &amp; Medium Businesses, won the 'Best Business Talk Show' Award.BEST SHOW PACKAGINGThe Year Das Was, a year end special show anchored by Stand-Up comedian Vir Das. The show presented a light-hearted take on the biggest events that have happened in the year gone by, was awarded under the 'Best Packaging' Category.BEST SET DESIGNThe Economic Times Awards, the most definitive &amp; coveted Corporate Excellence Awards in the country, won the award for 'Best Set Design'.Commenting on receiving these awards, R. Sridharan, Executive Editor of ET NOW said, \"We are very pleased and extend our gratitude to News Television Awards for honoring ET NOW with five awards for our outstanding work in the English Business News category. This recognition for our programming and content encourages us to do better and better and fulfill our commitment towards our viewers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12463531", "title": "Students take bribe battle to government offices", "text": "BANGALORE: The next time a government official demands a bribe from you, just look around. You'll find an 'I Paid A Bribe' poster which has the number to which you can sms details about the bribe demanded or paid.Janaagraha, the NGO spearheading the anti-graft movement, on Thursday took the battle into government offices with these posters which are a ready-reckoner for sending complaints.The posters will be in place next week. In the campaign's first phase, Janaagraha will target 198 BBMP ward offices and 300 other government offices. The second phase will be unveiled in police stations three after that. The government has sent a letter to the NGO with its approval for this campaign. It also gives details on the content of the posters.Assisting the NGO in this campaign will be over 350 students from Mount Carmel College. Armed with copies of the government notice issued to Janaagraha, the students, who will be trained on Saturday, will adopt a government office, put up an IPAB poster there and ensure it's not torn off.\"Youth has the go-getter attitude and we can bank on their spirit to ensure the campaign's success,\" said Subrahmanyam Ivatury, coordinator, Jana Online and IPAB.Students can adopt any office of their choice and convenience -- be it RTO, BBMP, BWSSB or Bescom.There are precautions to ensure students are not victimized for taking on corrupt officials. Ivatury said, \"They will work in pairs and there's a hotline number which they can contact in emergencies.\"He added: \"We'll also keep tabs on how many offices have allowed the students to put up posters and how many did not. We'll publish these details on our website and take it up with the government.\"Quote hangerIt took us almost a year to get the state government's approval for this poster campaign. Chief secretary SV Ranganath helped us get the cabinet nod. It will encourage citizens to report corruption. We can take this data to the government for remedial action.Ramesh Ramanathan | co-founder, JanaagrahaCampaign cues* I Paid A Bribe posters have number to which you can sms details about bribe asked for or paid* Send sms to 561615* Each message will cost sender Rs 3* People can also send messages about corruption-free offices", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12466009", "title": "Bhansali taught me passion: Jeet Gannguli", "text": "Jeet Gannguli will get Usha Uthup to record a dance number for Farah Khan's acting debut in Bela Sehgal's 'Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi'...You were hospitalized for close to 20 days in Kolkata. Did this period teach you lessons about friends and enemies in the industry?Yes, it did. Those were difficult times and it was stressful for my wife, Chandrani. I had a chest infection and was on nebulizer. There were so many injections being given to me that sometimes, I would wonder if the nurse would be able to make space to inject the syringe on my body. Mamata Banerjee came down to see me on the day I was admitted and insisted that a guitar be kept close to me. Producers Shrikant Mohta, Mahendra Soni and Rane would regularly come down to see me and wait for hours on end outside my cabin because just after my admission, no one was allowed entry to my room. Politicians such as Arup Biswas and Bobby Hakim were also there at the nursing home. I was overwhelmed by Mukesh Bhatt's concern. Every day at 11 am, he would call on my wife to find out my progress. Despite the fact that the music for Kunal Kemmu starrer was up for release, never for once did he call to talk about work. He insisted that I get a check up done by the top lung specialist of India, who is also his doctor. Yet, there were also few who never bothered to find out. I had expected that they would and was a little upset intially. They could have been busy. They might have been insecure or might have wanted to take advantage of my absence. But I don't harbour any hard feelings.And yet you are back on track with quite a few offers from Bollywood such as \" Aashiqui 2\" and \" Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi\". Did you compose the tunes in your head while lying in the nursing home bed?Initially, I was unconscious. Once I was better, I borrowed my wife's phone and recorded some tunes. I composed the theme song of \"Aashiqui 2\" from the nursing home bed.So what new are you offering for Bhansali's sister, Bela Sehgal's \"Shirin Farhad Ki Nikal Padi\"?It's been two years since I had started talking to Bela about doing this movie. Earlier on, there were rumours about me scoring for Bhansali's \"Rowdy Rathore\". But, that wasn't true. Sajid-Wajid was always scoring for \"RR\". Sanjayji is extremely musical. He taught me what passion is. I had the time of my life composing the seven songs for this romcom that has been set in a Parsi colony. Both Farah Khan and Boman Irani have contributed to my music score. Amitabh Bhattacharya has penned the lyrics. I am very excited about a dance number that Usha Uthup will sing for Farah Khan. It is tough to compose a dance number for Farah because she makes all the heroes and heroines dance in Bollywood. I know Ushadi would be the only one who would be able to do justice to the song.Cross-industry exchange of talent is one of the most important aspects of your compositions in Tollywood since the USP of many of your songs is the use of known and relatively-lesser known Bollywood singers for Bengali numbers. What will be the novelty factor when you are composing for Bollywood now?For me, the idea is always to use fresh voice that adds value to the song. If the song situation demands a new texture, I will try to use someone who can do that. Ushadi was just the right choice for the Farah song. So I went for her. In fact, I also got her to sing an English number for the Bengali film, \"Bapi Bari Ja\".When you are composing for the Bhatts or for Bhansali, do you have the power to continue with this cross-industry exchange of talent? Can the singers of Bengal bank on you to give them a break in Bollywood?Sure, why not? I have got Dibyendu, Raghav, Rupankar and Lopamudra to sing for my Bengali numbers. If I can, I will surely want to use them for my Hindi compositions. Voice casting is not a composer's domain any longer producers having a say in that... That's so true. The director, actor, producer, record label - all of them have their say. Singers often criticize composers for not giving them a chance. But they must realise that even the biggest composer in Bollywood doesn't always call the shots. Then, there are other producers who make such requests like: \"Please have Sonu Nigam or Shreya Ghoshal sing a number. We are huge fans!\" Sometimes I try and accommodate but there are times when I just can't do anything. Recently, I had sung a number for \"Bapi Bari Ja\" to keep the request of the director. But I found that I wasn't good enough so I insisted that Bonnie Chakraborty sing that number.Pritam has spoken highly about your compositions. How do you react when Pritam is still picked on for some of the \"mistakes\" that he has confessed to have done in the past?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12463726", "title": "Raja Singh files plea in HC fearing re-arrest", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anticipating his re-arrest prior to Sri Ram Navami festival on April 1, TDP corporator T Raja Singh has approached the high court urging it to declare the police action against him in the vehicle theft case as illegal.Sources said Raja Singh had filed a writ of mandamus in court making the principal secretary (home), DGP, city police commissioner, deputy commissioner of West Zone police and station house officer, Mangalhat police station, respondents. In his petition he said that he was the main organizer of the Sri Ram Navami rally and alleged that the police, under pressure from a political party, had implicated him in a false case.Raja Singh also alleged that the police were pressurizing him not to participate in the rally. He urged the court to pass orders declaring the action of the respondents in trying to implicate him in a false criminal case as illegal. \"I apprehend my arrest anytime on the ground that I should not participate in the festival.\" The matter is expected to come up for hearing soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12461504", "title": "Don't punish a poor man for suicide bid: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suicide may be a crime in law but the jury is still out on the question of punishment for those who survive the attempt. A bid to take one's own life attracts a jail term of up to one year, but a number of experts feel this amounts to punishing the victim.Now a trial court in Delhi has said that a person who attempts to commit suicide due to \"penury and destitution\" should not be further punished with a prison sentence and waived the jail term in one such case.Hearing the case of a man who tried to kill himself by consuming sedatives, the court convicted him for the offence but let him off after detaining him in the courtroom for a day. Additional sessions judge Ramesh Kumar also acquitted him of the charge of trying to kill his wife and five daughters due to poverty and helplessness by giving them a cola laced with sedatives, after the victims did not depose against him.\"Attempts to commit suicide are made due to extreme poverty and helplessness. There is no justification for imposing severe punishment upon such convicts,\" said Kumar while sentencing Satish Jain, a resident of northwest Delhi, to \"imprisonment till the rising of the court\". Jain had pleaded guilty of attempting to commit suicide out of penury.\"A case like the present one in which the accused attempted to commit suicide due to poverty, helplessness and other pressing circumstances should be viewed liberally and lesser sentence should be awarded to them,\" additional sessions judge Ramesh Kumar said.The court noted that Satish Jain had taken the drastic step because he was finding it difficult to support his family comprising his wife and five daughters. He had also undergone a heart bypass surgery.Jain was acquitted of the charge of attempting to murder his wife and daughters aged between 6 and 16. The prosecution case was that on March 17, 2011, Jain had given soft drinks laced with Diazepam to his wife and daughters with an intention to murder them. He also consumed the drink himself.The family of seven was found unconscious when a friend of one of the girls visited the house and found it locked from inside, after which the police was alerted.His wife and daughters told the court that they had purchased cola from the market. Kumar noted that Jain's wife and daughters were the material witnesses but had not deposed \"a single word against him\".Times ViewTOI has consistently maintained that punishing someone driven to the limits of despair, so much so that he attempts to kill himself, makes no sense. We are happy that this court has taken a similar view. However, this is an issue that must not be left to the views of specific judges or courts. The legislature needs to see the logic behind decriminalising attempted suicide and amend the laws suitably. What a person in such a situation needs is sympathy and help in the form of counselling and perhaps medication for depression. Society would be better served and suicides hopefully reduced if the authorities were to take concrete action to increase the number of medical health professionals and to make their services available to those most in need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12468643", "title": "Tihar plans permanent placement cell after last year's success", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the success of its placement drives conducted over the past one year,Tihar jail authorities are now planning to come up with a regular placement cell to help eligible inmates get jobs after being released.Campus placement drive was introduced for the first time, last February after jail authorities realised that only reforming prisoners and making them professionally qualified did not get them jobs after being released due to their criminal background.Already 334 inmates have been selected and have received appointment letters from different companies who took part in job interviews conducted four times here.A Tihar jail official said, \"334 inmates receiving appointment letters in a year's time reflects that our inmates are talented and society is ready to accept them. That is why we wish to establish a regular placement cell to help organise in-campus placement of eligible prisoners so that they get jobs after being released and may rehabilitate and reintegrate into the society.\"In the past four campus placements, our inmates have landed with pay package that ranges between Rs 86,000 per annum to Rs six lakh per annum.\"A brain child of a former jail superintendent M K Diwedi, this campus recruitment drive was introduced for the first time in February last year.A record breaking 142 jail inmates received job offers in the last such drive that was conducted in January this year. Inmates appearing for the interview included MBA, MCom, BTech, LLB and MA graduates.\"Some of them were professionally qualified when they were lodged here and others enrolled in various courses and upgraded their educational qualification,\" he said.Aggrawal Packers and Movers, Hotel Rockland, Tourism Management Institute, UNIBILD Engineering and Construction Company Pvt Ltd, Millennium Builders, Predo Security and Vedanta Foundation are some names that participated in this drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12463857", "title": "General V K Singh fires another letter salvo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will seek the defence ministry's nod to probe Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag, who is alleged to have been involved in corruption as the head of the Special Frontier Force (SFF), officials said on Thursday. CBI sources said, \"We have asked the Cabinet secretariat to give details of the probe if conducted\" in the matter.The CBI is examining a letter written by Trinamool Congress MP Ambica Banerjee, alleging corruption by Lt-Gen Suhag in procurements for the SFF, officials said. The MP's written complaint was forwarded to the CBI by army chief Gen V K Singh, along with a covering letter, seeking a probe into the allegations.Banerjee's allegations, made last May, pertain to the period when Lt-Gen Suhag was the SFF's inspector general. He currently commands the Dimapur-based 3 Corps and is in line, after Lt-Gen Bikram Singh, to be the army chief.Banerjee has alleged that kickbacks were paid in the deals relating to supply of crucial equipment for SFF, ranging from night vision devices and communication systems to parachutes, sources said. The MP has named a number of senior army officers who have allegedly received kickbacks in these deals, they claimed. CBI sources said the agency will also write to the MoD as the matter relates to procurements for SFF, a secret force working with the Research &amp; Analysis Wing (RAW), India's external intelligence agency that falls under the Cabinet secretariat. SFF is also known as 'Establishment-22' and was raised after 1962.Meanwhile, CBI officials on Thursday said they have been unsuccessfully trying to contact Gen V K Singh for the past 2-3 days. The agency is likely to talk to Gen Singh about Banerjee's letter on Friday, when it takes a formal complaint from him on the Rs 14 crore bribery allegations in the Tatra truck purchase. Sources told TOI it will register a case by this weekend after taking a complaint from Gen Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12466454", "title": "SBI submits draft revival scheme for Sindri factory", "text": "Sindri: The revival prospects of Sindri fertilizer factory brightened further on Thursday when SBI, appointed operating agency for preparing revival scheme in consultation with the department of fertilizers, submitted a draft revival scheme (DRS) before the Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR).The BIFR is now expected to publicize the DRS within a month to seek public opinion and objections, if any, and has fixed July 5 as next date of hearing.The news has brought jubilations in this fertilizer township where people were eagerly awaiting submission of the DRS before the BIFR. It has now become almost clear that the BIFR will clear the revival proposal in one or two hearings.VSS Employees' Welfare Association president Sewa Singh and INTUC representative Ajay Kumar said that SBI AGM D N Mathur submitted the DRS before the BIFR bench comprising Saroj Bala and Y K Gaiha. When the bench found no annexures with the DRS, it directed the operating agency to submit it within 10 days so that the DRS can be publicized for public opinion as soon as possible. The BIFR is expected to make the DRS public soon through which the public in general would be asked to register their objections, if any within next 60 days.The board also directed the department of fertilizers to clear the dues of DVC and IOC in the meanwhile. The bench also heard the review petitions submitted by Sewa Singh and Ajay Kumar.Surprisingly, no representative of the state government was present during the BIFR hearing though they were to submit their views over revival of the factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12466627", "title": "Cop faces MLAs' wrath doing 'duty', suspended", "text": "Ranchi: Legislators reigned supreme as a police officer had to bear their wrath on the penultimate day of budget session at the assembly on Thursday.One assistant sub-inspector of police had to face the wrath of MLAs for doing his duty. Jagannathpur police station ASI Louis Minj was suspended by chief minister Arjun Munda and an inquiry was constituted against his alleged bad behaviour after two MLAs complained about him in the House.Earlier, the department of personnel and administrative reforms principal secretary and cabinet secretary, Aditya Swaroop, was summoned before a assembly committee to explain in detail his intents relating to one of the letters issued by his department in which the protocol for inauguration or foundation laying was described.The House witnessed uproar during the second half when BJP MLA Uma Shankar Akela and RJD MLA Janardan Paswan returned to the assembly hall infuriated and sought patronage of the House for being insulted by the police. On direction of speaker C P Singh, both the MLAs narrated the incident that they were stopped by policemen from attending a dharna of the Jaiprakash Narayan Andolankari Manch.\"Despite giving introduction repeatedly, the police officer did not allow me to pass through the HEC gate and resorted to fisticuffs,\" Akela said.On his complaint, MLAs across party line gathered in the well and demanded immediate action against the \"erring\" police officer. Efforts of chief minister Arjun Munda to pacify the members turned futile and speaker had to adjourn the house.The members of business advisory council was convened for five minutes following which Munda announced on floor of the House to suspend the \"erring\" officer and considering complaint of the legislators as FIR, he said that a case would be lodged with the local police to further probe into the matter. The House resumed to business at 3.30 pm during which members participated in a debate over the Chhotanagpur Tenancy Act.Prior to this, Swaroop was summoned before a panel of assembly members to explain his letter that according to JVM(P) MLA Pradeep Yadav was infringement on rights of people's representative. Yadav said that a letter was issued by the personnel department made it mandatory that the people's representatives must seek permission from departmental secretaries before inaugurating or laying foundation stone of any scheme. Swaroop, however, clarified that his letter has no such content whereas an enclosure by deputy commissioner Godda created the confusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12465867", "title": "City temples decked up to celebrate Saptami", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Thousands of devotees chanting 'Jai Mata Di' and singing bhajans thronged various goddess Durga temples on t he seventh Navaratra on Thursday. Long queues of devotees were seen at temples including Khemamai, Lalita Devi, Alopidevi and Sheetla Devi.The idols of goddess Durga were decked up in colourful streamers and flowers. At some temples, attractive flower and silver decoration of goddesses was done beautifully.\"We have been visiting Alopidevi temple for years to seek blessings. I and my family offered prayers, coconuts and a chunni,\" said Vanita, a resident of Rajapur.Devotees have also organized jagrans at their houses inviting group bhajan singers and the participants were also seen dressed up in traditional attire. Devotees can also seen dancing to the tunes of Bollywood bhakti and traditional songs.Not only men, even women also held 'Kalash Sthapna' and organised 'hawan' to pay obeisance to the Goddess.Most of the city temples are beautifully illuminated with decorative lights in the evening. During evening hours, fairs are also organised with shringar (decoration) of statues are being done.Devotees here observe fast during the nine days, restricting their diet to milk and fruits and refrain from grains and cereal.Also, it is believed that Lord Rama performed yajna for Goddess Durga for nine days before going to fight Ravana in Lanka.This year, 'shashthi' had fallen on two days, Wednesday and Thursday, and saptami and ashtami will be observed on Friday and Saturday respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12467050", "title": "5 Panjab University toppers from Ludhiana", "text": "Ludhiana: City students have achieved outstanding results in MA Fine Arts first semester results declared by Panjab University. Five city students have secured a place in the top ten slot securing 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th position in the university. All students are from Khalsa College for Women , Ghumar Mandi.Resident of Khanna, Pushpinder Kaur, has bagged the fourth position with 87.75% (351 marks). Her success mantra, she says, is studying early morning. \"I want to do Phd before stepping into the professional world,\" she adds. Resident of Shivpuri, Anjali khurana has been placed fifth in the university with 86.75% (347 marks). She said, \"I believe that good marks can only be achieved by hardwork and for the same I used to study for seven hours daily.\" She adds, \"I want to be a famous artist and be the best in the field.\"Resident of Haibowal, Niharika bagged the sixth position with 345 marks and 86.5%. She said, \"I didn't expect to get any position in the exams, but I'm feeling on top of the world as this is the first time I have bagged any university position.\"A hosteller Beant Kaur got seventh position with 345 marks with 86.2%. She said, \"I am very disheartened with my performance and will work harder to secure a better position next time.\" Resident of Balsingh Nagar, Shilpa Bedi bagged the eighth position with 344 marks and 86%.She said, \"I am not very happy with my result. Next time I will aim to be in the top three.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12464144", "title": "Teaching at Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences to resume from April 9", "text": "PATNA: Teaching at the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS), Patna, will start from April 9. Classes in the IGIMS were suspended as the institute was closed sine die after two first year MBBS students were shot at by criminals on institute premises on March 22. After the incident, there has been unrest in the institute and the students were asked to vacate their hostels.At a high-level meeting which took place on Wednesday, it was decided to resume classes from April 9, said IGIMS director Dr Arun Kumar on Thursday.He said, \"We have to ensure teaching at the institute resumes at the earliest so that students do not suffer while at the same time maintaining adequate security on the institute premises to prevent recurrence of any such incident in the future.\" He, however, said that there are some students against whom complaints have been received. Such students would be figured out by a committee, comprising senior doctors of the institute, Dr Kumar said and added if complaints against them are found to be true they will be denied hostel facility.The committee would screen each and every student before allotting them hostel room, he added.As security on Institute premises is of primary concern, a letter will be sent to the state government seeking establishment of a police outpost on the institute premises, Dr Kumar said, adding providing adequate security at the residences of doctors and hostels would be of prime concern.As the Institute's present security apparatus mostly look after providing internal security and manning OPD, help from the district administration is needed, he said.When asked whether, any system is in the offing to check entry of outsiders on the IGIMS campus, Dr Kumar said, \"Practically, the task is very difficult as patients and their attendants come to the hospital in large numbers.\"Meanwhile, due to the loss of studies following closure of the college, the institute has decided to arrange extra classes in summer for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12463507", "title": "Court asks home department to take action against 3 cops in Haryana", "text": "BHIWANI: A local court has directed the state home department to take action against three cops, including an SHO, who implicated a family on the charges of keeping charas in their house in Bhiwani.Deprecating the role of police officials, additional sessions judge MM Dhonchak directed the Haryana home secretary to institute departmental proceedings against the three cops -- SI Rajpal, ASI Rai Singh and SHO Subhash Chander -- and submit a report in four months. He acquitted the three accused, including two brothers and their mother of the charges.According to information, the Bhiwani police had booked Bimla Devi and her two sons Devender, 23, and Krishan, 27 under the NDPS Act on July 1, 2010, on the complaint of sub-inspector Rajpal Singh. The complainant said that a police team raided their house and recovered 215 grams charas. He alleged that the accused Devender and Krishan managed to escape when the cops chased them and also found their mother missing from the house. They said they recovered a pouch of charas from the spot.The defence counsel, Manju Sharma, however said that the cops entered the house of the accused under the influence of liquor with wrong intentions and this led to an altercation. Feeling insulted over the same, they planted false recovery of contraband substance upon the accused, she alleged. The counsel further argued that the inquiry report of the then Hansi ASP Pankaj Nain also said that there was no solid proof against accused Bimla and Davender and also no recovery of charas was effected from the street near their house and thus they were not found guilty.After going through the details of the case, the court said that the prosecution had not been able to substantiate the allegations attributed to the accused The court observed that the conduct of SI Rajpal, ASI Rai Singh and SHO Subhash Chander was highly unbecoming of police officers as their acts were with malafide intentions and they should not be allowed to go scot-free.The ADJ directed the home department to initiate disciplinary action against the three police officials and submit action report before this court by way of an affidavit of some responsible officer from the home department within a period of four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462316", "title": "More cooks to the revenue broth?", "text": "PANAJI: Alarmed at the high pendency of cases in the offices of mamlatdars and deputy collectors for long years, new revenue minister Francis D'Souza is considering a revamp of the revenue department including the recruitment of more mamlatdars and deputy collectors in Goa.D'Souza, who just conducted a review meeting of the pendency of cases in the offices of mamlatdars and deputy collectors in North Goa, told TOI, \"The main mamlatdars should only handle administrative work and the judicial work should be left to the joint mamlatdars. Presently, the mamlatdars are saddled with so much work like issuing income certificates, residence certificates and swearing of thousands of affidavits, that they do not have any time for judicial work. As a result, pendency of cases in the offices of mamlatdars and deputy collectors has shot up.\"D'Souza's own Bardez taluka is the worst affected. It has one main mamlatdar and four joint mamlatdars at Mapusa. But 7,229 cases in three categories of mutation cases, mundkar cases and tenancy cases are pending before these five officers. As if that was not enough, the Mapusa deputy collector's office has another 5,232 cases pending. These are cases of appeal, conversion, illegal conversion, partition and tree cutting.When asked if there is a need to put more officers on the job, D'Souza said, \"That is the need of the hour. The previous (Congress) government had totally neglected this area. We need to employ more mamlatdars and deputy collectors either on contract or by creating new posts wherever required.\"The revenue minister has come up with two new ideas. One is to create a new civil administration cell in the district collectorates. The second is to create election cells in the revenue department.The civil administration cells will deal exclusively with the work of comunidades, devasthans and such matters. With no dedicated cell to deal with these matters, this work adds up to the pile on mamlatdar's desks. On the other hand, the election cells will deal exclusively with election related work. \"The revision of electoral rolls, inclusion and deletion of names is a continuous job. We need to have a dedicated cell for this job,\" D'Souza said.The revenue minister is scheduled to hold a similar review meeting of revenue officials in South Goa soon. He has already instructed the North Goa officials to submit a detailed proposal of the changes required. A similar exercise in South Goa is also on the cards.In view of the impending monsoons, D'Souza also discussed the issue of disaster management with revenue officials in North Goa. Issues such as the pendency of applications for tree cutting and the reason for the pendency were discussed. \"Monsoons are approaching and we do not want any tragedies. I have asked the fire and emergency services to gear up. I have also asked the Mamlatdars to identify disaster-prone areas in the jurisdictions so that we can take preventive measures and avoid incidents of landslides, etc.\" D'Souza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12463714", "title": "Sandhu queers Sibia pitch at golf club polls", "text": "A three-horse race seems to be building up for the presidential elections to the Managing Committee of the Chandigarh Golf Club (CGC). What has shaken the calculations has been the late entry of Punjab Financial Commissioner (Development) Gurinderjit Sandhu, a very senior IAS officer. A four-time president, Sandhu's arrival seems to have edged out another former president, Tegvir Sibia 'Gogi', who now states that he is \"most likely not to contest\".Outgoing President Malvinder Singh has not entirely ruled out his standing again but says he \"may jump into the fray if his larger political commitments allow him to\". That will in turn queer the pitch for Sandhu, who will not stand against a senior leader of the ruling SAD-BJP coalition. Amongst those who have been steadfast in their commitment to contest are Lt Col (retd) J S Panag and veteran professional-cum-coach Simran Singh, the latter being a close relative of Sibia. Though Sibia has a dedicated votebank and enjoys the backing of a section of the 'Kakajis' lobby, the forces arraigned against him seem to have out-manouevred this landlord from Sangrur by pitching Sandhu into the fray.On his part, Sandhu promises that if elected his tenure will see a \"consolidation\" of the club's assets and get the course and floodlights in good shape, rather than adding new assets. Lt Col Panag, who is relying on the support of the Defence Officers' Brotherhood, swears by the mantra of \"transparency\" in administration. Simran wants to renew the focus on golf and related activities as he feels the CGC has degenerated into a \"social club\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12466322", "title": "Woman gang-raped by hubby\u2019s friends in Ujjain", "text": "INDORE: A 20-year-old married woman was allegedly gang-raped by four friends of her husband in a field in Ujjain on Wednesday night. Police have arrested three accused and a manhunt has been launched for the fourth one.Soon after the incident, the woman and her husband reached Jiwaji Nagar police to lodge complaint against the four.Police said that the victim, Meera Bai (name changed), is a resident of Pinjarapul in Jiwaji Nagar in Ujjain.In her complaint, the victim said that four men identified as Zakir, Sheru, Golu and Md Harul allegedly gang-raped her in a deserted field at around 8.30 pm at Mahimpur in Ujjain. Her husband is a colleague of the accused. The incident happened when she had gone to their house to tell them that he would not join them for the job as he was down with some illness.The accused reportedly forced her to sit on a mobike and sped to a deserted field at Mahimpur, where they raped her, said police. She reached home and narrated the ordeal to her husband. The couple reached Jiwaji Nagar police station and lodged a complaint.Police registered an offence against the four accused under Section 376 2 G of the IPC and arrested three accused namely Zakir, Sheru and Golu. A search for Md Harul was on and police said that he would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12462274", "title": "State-level morcha by jewellers", "text": "NASHIK: A state-level morcha has been organized by jewellers on Friday at Aurangabad, even as the indefinite strike called by Nashik jewellers for a rollback of the taxes proposed in the Union Budget entered into its sixth day on Thursday.Around 5,000 jewellers across Nashik district are to participate in the morcha to be taken out in Aurangabad. It has been organized by the Maharashtra State Gems &amp; Jewellery Association and around one lakh jewellers from across the state will participate in the morcha. \"Nashik jewellers have started a round-the-clock chain hunger strike from Wednesday. The union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday had said he would take a positive decision in this regard and it was expected on Thursday, but he did not carry out the promise as both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were adjourned on Thursday,\" said Rajendra Odhekar, president, Nashik jewellers association.Around 450 jewellers across Nashik are on strike in protest against the excise duty, import tax and customer tax introduced in Budget 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12463885", "title": "Oshiwara victim goes through spine surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-hour spine surgery was performed on 26-year-old animator Charu Khandal on Thursday morning , four days after she landed in hospital with severe injuries sustained in an accident in which a motorist, apparently driving drunk, rammed into the auto in which she was travelling.Confirming the surgery, Dr Ram Narain, executive director of Kokilaben Ambani Hospital where Charu has been admitted, said, \"She had sustained fractures on cervical vertebrae 3rd, 4th and 5th. A team of neuro- and orthopedic surgeons has stabilized these vertebrae with rods and screws,\" Narain said. She has also injured her spinal cord and in the past three days, she was given steroids intravenously to reduce the swelling in the spine. The surgery was the second step in treatment. \"The focus will now be on weaning her from the ventilator ,\" said Dr Narain. Then, she will be put through rehabilitation and physiotherapy.Her fiance, Sagar Thackar told TOI, \"Doctors said her neck movements may get restricted and one cannot really say anything about her condition till she is taken off the ventilator .\" He added he would speak to the police once she recovered a little. There have been allegations that the police had been lenient towards the drunk motorist, Manoj Netrapal alias Gautama (39), who drove his Honda City into the auto in which Charu, her sister Ritu and friend Vikrant Goyal were travelling at Oshiwara on Sunday. When Charu was brought to hospital on Sunday, she was paralyzed neck below.Goyal, who was paralyzed from below the waist, is doing better after his surgery. But on Thursday, doctors noticed movement in his legs. But, they said, it was too early to comment on the recovery.Charu and Goyal's families are also worried about financing their treatment. Her friends have been appealing on a social network site for help. A friend of the animator said, \"It is going to be an expensive treatment and we are speaking to many. Some have come forward but the amount needed is huge.\" Sagar added, \"On Friday, all of us will decide on how to raise funds.\" her Their frienda have also been apprisng people of their condition on the 'Justice for Charu and Vikrant' page they created on the social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12462653", "title": "Farmers should be updated with latest information: Chief minister", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said in order to give a facelift to the state's farming sector, the farmers should get up-to-date information about the changes taking place in agriculture.The chief minister was speaking at the inauguration of 'Farm Fest 2012' organized by Akashvani as part of the anniversary celebrations of its 'Vayalum Veedum' programme at Karuvatta near Haripad on Thursday.\"Akashavani plays a significant role for giving accurate information on farming to the farmers through its various kinds of programmes.Advanced scientific research works should be done for making farming more profitable. The centre and state governments have already taken effective steps for this purpose. The centre has also allotted Rs 100 crore for Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) for doing more research works for the growth of our cultivation,\" Chandy said.The chief minister said that farmers should give more importance to conduct organic farming and also stressed the need of advanced scientific research in this field.Kayamkulam MLA C K Sadasivan presided over the function. Akashavani station director K A Muraleedharan, Janasree mission chairman MM Hassan, former vice-chancellor of KAU K R Viswambaran, Kayamkulam NTPC general manager A P Trivedi, district panchayat member A K Rajan and presentor of 'Vayalum Veedum' programme Muraleedharan Thazhakkara also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463046", "title": "High court issues notice to BSP leader", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday issued notice to BSP leader and former mayor Akhilesh Das for encroaching a park in front of his house in Purana Qila area.A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit also asked a reply of the state government and municipal corporation, as to what action they have taken to check such encroachments. The matter will come for next hearing on April 5.A local resident Shamim Ahmed had filed a PIL saying that Das had encroached Badi Park and utilised it for parking and other personal usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "bharat nagar", "code": "12467079", "title": "Aakriti finds all the right words for nature...", "text": "BHARAT NAGAR: A die-heard fan of nature poet William Wordsworth , 12-year-old Aakriti Sethi loves to remain in the world of imagination all day long. She spends most of her time on her study table writing poems on different subjects, with nature being her favourate. Besides poetry, this nature lover is also a brilliant student.This budding poet's passion for writing started very early in life. Aakriti said, \"I wrote my first poem when I was 8-years-old and it was titled 'Nature' because I was very inspired by William Wordsworth. Gradually, I developed a taste for writing poems on different subjects too. \"Talking about her hobbies, she said, \"I love reading books and my interest for reading and writing developed with a book \"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory\" which was gifted to me by my uncle.\"Fondly called a \"dictionary\" by her school friends , Aakriti loves to participate in debate and story writing competitions. \"I make sure I participate in extra curricular activities because I believe all these activities would improve my personality and knowledge.\"About her future plans, she said, \"I want to go to USA for higher studies in Mass Communication.\"Extremely proud of his daughter, Swikar Sethi, who is a businessman, said, \"I want my daughter to follow her dreams and for the same I give her full support. I feel very proud when her teachers and others appreciate her talent.\"He adds, \"I believe my daughter has taken to her grandfather, K L Sethi, when it comes to being talented. He used to love writing stories.\"Her mother Bela Sethi, who is assisting her husband in business, said, \"Aakriti is very talented and I also want her to be successful in whatever field she chooses. Recently, she had written a story which was about a brother, but in realty she does not have any brother!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463514", "title": "Dutchwoman\u2019s body sent to Netherlands", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a Dutchwoman allegedly murdered by her boyfriend was flown to the Netherlands on Thursday.Johanna Cornelia Lamberta, 35, was was found dead near Mamallapuram last Friday. Her live-in partner Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph, 32, has been arrested on murder charges.A funeral director assigned by the Dutch embassy in Mumbai collected the body from the government hospital in Chengalpet. \"The office bearers of the funeral agency submitted the authorisation letter issued by Dutch Embassy and collected Lambreta's body. They took the nearly decomposed body to Bangalore and got it embalmed at a private hospital. Then they took the body to Mumbai by air and sent it to the Netherlands with the help of the embassy,\" inspector-general of police (north zone) C Sylendra Babu told TOI.Police have preserved samples of flesh scraped from under the nails of Lamberta. Investigators plan to do a DNA test on Joseph to match it with flesh tissue, presuming that she would have scratched him during a struggle, if there was one, before her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462078", "title": "Editors Guild differs with NBA on SC approval of self-regulatory norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The print and electronic media differed fundamentally on the nature of guidelines for media reporting of sub-judice matters, with the Editors Guild on Thursday trashing News Broadcasters Association's (NBA) stand that its self-regulatory code could be applied across the board with apex court's approval.\"If a guideline for media reporting is framed, it will become a tool for the politicians to drag journalists to the court for every report. The guidelines will then become the fighting point for politicians against media. There will be flood of litigation from trial court to the Supreme Court,\" senior advocate Rajiv Dhawan, appearing for the Editors Guild, told the Supreme Court.NBA, which has a membership of 21 broadcasters and controls 47 channels, had through its counsel Anoop Bhambani told the court on Wednesday that since the self regulatory code and News Broadcasters Standards Authority had succeeded in reining in erring channels, these guidelines with apex court's \"blessings\" could achieve the purpose without any statutory or judicial intervention.But, Dhawan said, \"We do not want self-regulation to be converted into statutory regulation as proposed by the NBA. Both institutional and normative framework for remedy must be in the self-regulating mechanism.\"A five-judge constitution, bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D J Kain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar, said the court intended to balance between the right of accused for a fair trial and press freedom.\"What about the citizen's right to free trial? How does a court protect him if he files such a plea? Would filing of suit the only remedy? How do we protect the witnesses and the Judge from scurrilous attacks in media? How does the court balance the rights? How to have checks and balances?\" the bench asked.Dhawan, who also appeared for Foundation for Media Professionals, said the constitutional courts would always had the writ jurisdiction to redress an individual's grievance in addition to the judiciary's contempt of court powers that envisaged a series of steps, including prohibiting of reporting of a particular case by ordering in-camera hearing.Responding to the bench's debating point on constitutional validity of doctrine of temporary postponement of publication during sensitive stages of a criminal trial, Dhawan asked, \"Is there a power of postponement available with the courts? In common law, there is no such power. Does the court want to create pre-censorship through the guidelines? If so, who will enforce it, at what level and at what stage of trial?\"The bench said it was not in favour of punitive but preventive guideline that would help protect an accused from being prejudiced during a trial. \"Can the right to life of an accused be made to wait till adjudication under contempt jurisdiction? Can the courts not prevent breach of Article 21 by devising a mechanism? If there is a legislative vacuum on this aspect, could the courts not lay down a guideline till the legislature enacted a law on this issue?\" it asked.Dhawan said, \"If there is a vacuum, it means no restriction could be put on that right. Whenever a statute comes in under Article 19(2), the limitations that can be imposed are to the extent the statute provided for. Otherwise, right to freedom of expression under Article 19(1)(a) will be erased irrespective of expansive or restrictive interpretation of Article 21.\"The bench said all these conflict situations and controversies from media reporting had arisen mainly because of one-sided reporting of events and arguments in court. \"Put the views of both sides and none of these problems will arise. Many times we have come across one-sided court reporting,\" it said. The arguments would continue next Tuesday.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12463291", "title": "Youngest patent-holder on wheelchair", "text": "JAIPUR: Drawing inspiration from scientist Stephen Hawking , a wheelchair-bound nine-year-old boy here has invented a game of six-player circular chess. The boy, Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati, who suffers from duchene muscular dystrophy , has got the game's design patented in his name.According to his father, Bhati is the youngest person on wheelchair to get a patent in the world and he is also the youngest patent holder in India. Speaking about his achievement Bhati said: \"I want to be like Hawking who become a famous scientist despite suffering from motor neuron disease.\"The student of Class IV, Delhi Public School here, has made an innovative version of circular chess for two, three, four and six players.His father, Sarovar Singh Bhati, says: \"There are six chess players in our apartment of my son's age. He doesn't like the idea of only two players playing at a time and demanded me to buy a chess board on which more boys can play. When I told him no such chess board is available, he wanted to develop such a chess board.\" Sarovar Singh, who is a math teacher, also assisted him in developing the design.It took six months for Bhati and his father to draw the final design. \"It was a never-ending and continuous process for us and we did not have a set deadline. Being a math teacher, I assisted him whenever there were geometrical complications,\" says the father.Though the design has been patented, Bhati still believes there is scope for improvement in the design. He is also delighted for his achievement and is now determined to create a circular design chess for 60 players. \"I want to design chess where around 60 players in a big club house can play at a same time,\" he said.Bhati ambition is to become a scientist. Apart from this, he enjoys learning French and playing video games \"I love French language and try to learn it on my own from internet.\" He gives credit for his success to his parents and continuous motivation and his teachers for providing supportive environment and support.Before Bhati, Biplove Sharma at the age of 16 was the youngest patent holder. Kashyap Gopi got patent at the age of 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12461828", "title": "Pangolin run over on Koradi Road", "text": "NAGPUR: A full-grown pangolin, popularly known as scaly anteater, was run over by an unidentified speeding vehicle on Koradi Road on Thursday morning.Eyewitnesses said the incident occurred near Patel petrol pump at Panjra on NH-69, when the pangolin was crossing the road. A crowd gathered to see the curious reptile, which was being taken away by two youths.Sanjay Donade, a science teacher with Tejaswini Mahavidyala, Koradi, who was passing by stopped the youths. With help from some students, he brought the dead pangolin to the school and informed Koradi police.The police performed the panchnama and handed over the reptile to Seminary Hills forest officials. Pangolins are hunted for their skin. Recently, Gadchiroli officials had seized a live pangolin from a villager trying to sell it for Rs 7 lakh.In India, pangolins are listed under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has also listed the species in the Red Data Book of Indian Animals. Hunting of this species is prohibited. It is protected by national legislation in Bangladesh, China, Laos , Myanmar, Nepal, Taiwan, Thailand and Vietnam .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12462184", "title": "Lokayukta appointment hits Lokpal roadblock", "text": "PANAJI: The central government's decision to keep on hold its assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill may delay the appointment of a Lokayukta in the state.The state on Tuesday received a letter from Parliament's legislature secretary stating that in view of the Jan Lokpal Bill pending in the Rajya Sabha for consideration and passing, assent cannot be given to the Goa Lokayukta Bill.Replying to the letter, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday wrote to the Parliament legislature secretary stating, \"The issue of Jan Lokpal and Lokayukta are separate, we request the central government to give assent to state Lokayukta Bill.\"BJP, which took over the reins in the state earlier this month, had promised a Lokayukta in Goa within 100 days of forming the government.Chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava told TOI that the Goa bill has already been cleared by the Union ministries of personnel and training and law and judiciary, while the Union home ministry has raised some queries which are being followed up.Parrikar in his budget speech had said that once his government received the President's assent for the Lokayukta Bill it would immediately appoint a Lokayukta in the state.The new cabinet at its first meeting had directed the chief secretary to follow up on the process of getting the President's assent to the Lokayukta Bill. Parrikar, aiming to keep his promise of appointing the Lokayukta in the state within 100 days, had also requested the state governor to vigorously follow up on the same with the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12462968", "title": "Fake bills: Jal Board ropes in EOW", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suffering major losses through non-revenue water, Delhi Jal Board (DJB) is also being milked by its own employees. Recently, the water utility suspended a staff member for issuing around 30 fake bills for approximately Rs 2.5 lakh in its Kanhaiya Nagar zone. Further investigations led officials to discover over 1,000 more such bills. The case is now being forwarded to the economic offences wing.Ramesh Negi, CEO, DJB said that when the fraud was unearthed, the accused returned the money but was still placed under suspension. \"So far only this case has come to light. We suspect more fake bills could have been issued and hence EOW is being roped in to investigate further,\" he said.According to sources, when consumers make bill payment in cash, they are issued receipts called G8s. Once the money is collected, challans are drawn up against a set of G8s with details of each receipt's number, connection number and the amount paid. Each zone then sends a bunch of challans to the head office where details are entered into computer against each connection.\"In this case, the accused who worked in the money collection department took the money and issued fake receipts to consumers. With the cash never actually reaching the cashier, original challans were never issued. The accused then drew up fake challans against the bills, attached its copy and sent it to the headquarters. While the details of bill payment were correctly entered into the system, the money never reached DJB,\" said sources.The fake challans were noticed since their serial numbers were longer than six digits - a uniform numbering pattern that DJB follows. \"When records were checked, several more challans showed up with serial numbers longer than six digits. These probably number more than a thousand which means that DJB has been cheated of several crores of rupees,\" said an official.Manual meter reading and bill collection systems have resulted in frauds, said DJB officials. \"Even if one discounts malpractice, it is easy to make an error while recording reading and consumers are saddled with high bills. It is essential to minimize human interface. DJB is trying to revamp bill collection and meter reading systems. This will minimize losses,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465717", "title": "Yashji is a sharp person, says Katrina Kaif", "text": "Actress Katrina Kaif, who is shooting for Yash Chopra's untitled film in London , has said the veteran Bollywood filmmaker has a sharp mind.After a gap of eight years, Chopra has returned to direction with the Shahrukh Khan Katrina starrer romantic film, which is slated for Diwali release.\"We had a shooting schedule in London...it was extremely nice. The weather was cold out there but we had a nice time,\" Katrina told reporters in Mumbai last evening at the launch of a book based on one of her films, 'Rajneeti - The film and Beyond'.\"We think of Yashji as a senior and young at heart man. But you have to be on sets to understand how sharp he is. He picks up small small things like something was disturbing me or something with my mood...he used to pick up all that... which no one else does. He is very special person.\"Shooting for the untitled film, which also stars Anushka Sharma , started in the third week of February in London.Katrina also happened to injure herself on the sets of the film, which she thinks is a good luck sign.\"I hurt myself on bike. While I was getting off the bike I hurt my leg as I had it on silencer. But in a way it is a good luck sign,\" Katrina said. \"Every time I hurt myself during films..it turns out to be good thing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12461378", "title": "Congress, NCP cover for each other to avoid House uproar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress seems to be learning how to keep its ally NCP in check.When the current legislative session began, NCP legislators, to embarrass the Congress, submitted several calling attention motions (CAMs) on the departments held by the Congress-urban development department, Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority and housing department. All these are held by CM Prithviraj Chavan.A CAM has to be submitted four days in advance. When Congress leaders learnt of the NCP \"conspiracy\", they immediately prodded their legislators to file CAMs on departments held by their ally-functioning of public works and home departments.\"Realizing that it stood to be damaged more than the Congress, NCP legislators withdrew their CAMs on the condition that the Congress did the same. The Congress had no problem in doing so,\" said legislative sources.Opposition legislators also complained that the business adivsory committees (BAC) had become exercises in cordiality with both the ruling and opposition members going out of their way to \"accommodate\" each other and avoid embarrassment. \"It is not a healthy sign for democracy if the BAC becomes a vehicle to negotiate deals,\" said political observers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463536", "title": "Engineering colleges back Washington accord", "text": "PUNE: Heads of engineering colleges in the city have said that Indian engineering students will find it easy to get jobs abroad once institutions get permanent membership in the Washington accord.The accord has evoked a positive reaction among engineering institutions in the city.India, along with Pakistan and Bangladesh , are provisional members of the Washington accord. As per provisions, a country is eligible to apply for a full-time membership after two years.A permanent membership would mean that undergraduate engineering courses will be brought on par with US, UK, Japan, Australia, Singapore and ten other countries. The full-time membership would result in enhanced accessibility of education and jobs abroad for Indian students.If successful in its bid in June 2013, the accord will benefit students across the 2,000-odd engineering schools in the country recognized by the apex body, All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE).Only AICTE-deemed courses will be eligible for auditing conducted by the Washington accord.Anil Sahasrabuddhe, director of College of Engineering, Pune, said compliance with the accord will give global exposure to Indian students.\"Usually, Indian engineering students have to take a test to get a job abroad. But, international accreditation would mean that engineering courses in India would be recognized worldwide. Thus, getting a job abroad would become much easier, \" he added.Sahasrabuddhe also remarked that compliance would enhance the standard of engineering education in India. He said that along with state-of-art infrastructure, there will be an increased emphasis on creating a quality pool of engineers in the country.B S Karkare, principal of Vishwakarma Institute of Information Technology (VIIT), said, \"If we are successful in our bid, there will be a globally recognized seal of approval for Indian engineering institutes. This would help our students to participate in constant exchange of innovative ideas with students across the world. Exchange of ideas would not merely improve the standard of engineering courses in the country, but will also provide leverage for local students to go abroad for higher education and jobs thereafter.\"VIIT has two engineering courses accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA), which works under the aegis of the AICTE.\"We have six engineering courses at the undergraduate level in our institute. We are planning to get all the six department accredited by the NBA in the next two years. Once, we achieve that goal, there will be around 2,400 students who will benefit from the universal standardization of curriculum,\" she added.Sunil Karad, executive director of Maharashtra Academy of Engineering and Educational Research's (MAEER) Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT), Pune, said, \"The standardization of courses will provide international exposure to students here, which, in turn, will improve engineering standards in the country. Quality of education will improve because of this Accord.\"R P Joshi, director of Pune Vidyarthi Griha's College of Engineering and Technology, said that there will be an improvement in engineering education in the country in order to comply with the international standards required by the Washington accord. The accord will enforce quality consciousness in engineering classrooms, which will boost India's technical know-how in the long term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12463152", "title": "Key babus of Maya government transferred to 'insignificant' posts", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another bureaucratic reshuffle on Thursday, the state government transferred 17 IAS officers , many of them believed to be close to the former chief minister Mayawati . After being resigned to the waiting-list since the Samajwadi Party government was sworn-in, former occupants of the fifth floor - Net Ram, Anil Sant and Navneet Sehgal - were transferred to 'insignificant' posts.While Netram will hold the charge as principal secretary of national integration department, both Sehgal and Sant has been sent to Allahabad to joins as member (judicial) in the Board of Revenue. Kunwar Fateh Bahadur, also a Maya favourite, has been made principal secretary, religious affairs.In another major move, former CEO of NOIDA, Mohinder Singh has been appointed principal secretary of the general administration department (GAD). Though Singh is believed to have been another one of the 'key' Maya officer even without being in the limelight, his transfer to GAD may well be an elevation of sorts. Singh will take charge of the GAD from Navtej Singh, who has been divested of the departments of national integration and GAD.Among other major transfers effected on Thursday, former principal secretary, PWD, Ravindra Singh's Central deputation appears to have been scuttled by the state government. Singh, whose deputation to the Union culture ministry as additional secretary had already been approved, will now remain in UP. Singh will now hold charge as principal secretary, sports and youth affairs.Though most officers who were favourites in the previous regime have been moved, commissioner of Lucknow division, Prashant Trivedi, seems to have found favour with the Samajwadi Party. Replacing Badal Chatterjee as director, department of information, Trivedi has been appointed director and secretary of the information department.Chatterjee, meanwhile, has been put on the waiting-list.The 1984 batch IAS officer Durga Shankar Mishra and 1993 batch officer Chandra Bhanu have also been transferred. Mishra has been appointed principal secretary, minor irrigation, while Bhanu has been made secretary, departments of civil defence and political pensions. The state government also appointed wait-listed officers SP Goel as secretary, GAD, and Ashish Kumar Goel as commissioner and secretary Revenue Board, and director land ceiling.Mohammed Mustafa, currently serving as secretary science and technology was given additional charge as commissioner, Chakbandi. In addition, secretary UP Human Rights Commission Ashok Verma has been appointed director (administration), department of medical and health, while commissioner for food and drug administration , Archana Agarwal, has now been moved to the department of food and civil supplies in the same capacity.Among other transfers, special secretary medical education Ranjan Kumar has been made district magistrate of Prabuddha Nagar, while DM Sonbhadra Vijay Vishwas Pant has been transferred to Varanasi. Pant will now take charge as managing director, Poorvanchal Power Distribution Company. Avnish Awasthi, who was appointed chairman and MD UPPCL on Tuesday has been given additional charge of UP Transmission Corporation Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12463483", "title": "No hike in US visa fee", "text": "CHENNAI: The US Consulate on Thursday said it had no plans to raise application fees for visas. \"News reports that the fees for submitting H1B petitions have increased are untrue. The fees are the same as they were last year. There are no plans to change those fees,\" said chief of consular services in Chennai Nicholas Manring. He was referring to reports that visa application rates were likely to increase by $250 (12,500).He said that by law, the US consulate in every country is required to charge enough to recover the expenses incurred in processing. The department charges $140 (around 7,000) for tourist visas.Consul officials also said that Chennai was not rejecting more H1B visa applications. Though the number of applications has dropped marginally compared to last year, it did not signify a change in trend.\"This year, we received 57,218 applications, about 4% less than the number we got last year, but the difference is too small to assume that fewer Indians are travelling,\" said Manring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468544", "title": "Pawan Kalyan not injured", "text": "Friday afternoon sent Pawan Kalyan fans into a tizzy when it was reported that the actor was injured while shooting.According to some news sources, the actor suffered a muscle injury while shooting some horse riding sequences for his forthcoming film \" Gabbar Singh\". However, those close to Pawan Kalyan took to a micro blogging site to reassure fans that the star was indeed well. According to those close to PK, the actor did not suffer any injury. \"Powerstar is not injured while shooting please don't worry guys (sic),\" posted producer Neelima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12463578", "title": "Credai decries govt apathy towards housing issues", "text": "PUNE: Real estate developers in the country are finding themselves at the end of their wits as they see no solution coming anytime soon for the plethora of administrative, taxation and regulatory problems they have been facing for the past few years. \"The talk of affordable housing is meaningless if the authorities continue to neglect these issues which are a major contributor to the high real estate prices,\" Lalit Kumar Jain, national president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Credai), said, warning that the realtors may stop work if the indifference continues.The desperation and anguish among the developers overshadowed the two-day national conclave of the Credai, which concluded here on Thursday.These demands comprise speedy clearances for development proposals, clarity and uniformity on taxation of the real estate sector and multiplicity of government departments that try to regulate the sector - often without coordination among themselves.Jain said in a media briefing that presidents of 100 member units from 22 states have decided to form a committee to sensitise the states and centre about the issues real estate sector is facing. \"We will do an exhaustive exercise for this in the next 45 days and then, depending upon the response we get, resort to strong measures, such as stopping work indefinitely,\" Jain said.Jain said that realtors have to take clearances from as many as 64 different offices before receiving a go ahead for a project. This process takes anything between 24 and 36 months and results into nearly 30% cost escalation.Credai has been in touch with the authorities at all levels with all these issues, and have submitted many concept papers but all our efforts have met a stonewall, Jain said. He said Credai has come out with an elaborate document for putting in place a 'single window clearance' system for real estate projects and have also demanded rationalisation of taxes and other levies, a realistic approach to the floor space index rules that encourage vertical structures across country and easy finance with tax breaks for home buyers.Credai Pune Maharashtra President Satish Magar said the government has been treating real estate like it treats tobacco or liquor industries to shore up the revenue kitty. This causes pain for the home buyer which the government is ignoring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-30"}
