{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668849", "title": "Push for prime property drives city real estate recovery", "text": "HYDERABAD: After passing through a three-year lull caused by recession, political instability and the Telangana agitation, things seem finally to be looking up for the prime real estate scene in the city.Revenue collection figures at the land registration offices for the city's hot spots show handsome collections for 2011-12, post the boom phase in 2006.This despite the Sakala Janula Samme agitation during which land registration offices remained shut for 45 days.The Rangareddy district revenue earnings for the year 2011-12 have gone up to Rs 818 crore against Rs 678 crore in 2010-11 and Rs 417 crore in 2009-10. This registration office, which has areas like Gachibowli, Madhapur, Kondapura and Miyapur under its purview, is recording between 40 to 50 land deals daily.The scene at the registration office for Hyderabad (south), covering areas like Jubilee Hills, Banjara Hills and Punjagutta, is more or less the same.This office is now seeing close to 20 registrations a day unlike in the last couple of years when the market was sluggish.Revenue generated by this registration office for the year 2011-12 was Rs 153 crore, the highest in the post-2006 period. In 2010-11, that figure was Rs 133 crore and Rs 104 crore in 2009-10.Real estate people say this is a welcome sign. RK Narra, managing director of Aditya Nirman Pvt Ltd, said: \"People who could not purchase land or flats when the rates were unnaturally high have now started investing.\"Earlier, those in the IT sector were the biggest investors, but that has changed now.\"He feels that at the moment it appears that things can only get better for the real estate scene in Hyderabad, irrespective of any turbulence.Land rates for prime locations are showing an upward trend with residential segments, particularly in Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills, seeing rates hover around Rs 60,000 to Rs 80,000 per sq. feet.For commercial areas the same can go up to Rs 1 lakh or Rs 1.25 lakh per sq feet.D Sreedhar Reddy, managing director at Lanar realtors, says that the demand for commercial space has increased, adding that in this financial year alone 45 lakh sq. feet of commercial space has found buyers.P Venkatesh, a real estate agent in Banjara Hills, further stated that there has been a steady increase in the number of enquiries which, till not very long back, would be limited to just a handful.\"Right from flats to open land, people seem to be interested in investing who are not giving too much importance to the political situation in the state,\" he said.Land rates for prime locations are on an upswing with residential segments, particularly in Jubilee and Banjara Hills, seeing rates hover around Rs 60,000 to Rs 80,000 per sq. feet. For commercial areas, the same can go up to Rs 1 lakh or Rs 1.25 lakh per sq feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670345", "title": "Vasant Kunj man is first Commonwealth Games villager", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commonwealth Games Village flats are now finally turning into 'homes'. After much controversy and a legal battle, buyers of these luxury apartments are finally getting possession of their property. On Saturday, World Bank employee Shalabh Tandon was the first among the buyers to receive keys of his four-bedroom flat from project developer Emaar MGF.According to officials associated with the project, more buyers are likely to take possession of their flats starting Monday after they pay the last installment and sign an indemnity bond.Tandon plans to move into his new house with his wife and two children in the next two months. He currently stays in Vasant Kunj but says nothing can beat residing in one of the best residential complexes in the country. \"Lat year, we had to move the court to get possession of our flats. But finally it is happening now. Our Games Village flat is definitely a dream house,\" said Tandon after taking the keys to his house on Saturday afternoon. \"It is one of the prime properties in the city and has fabulous infrastructure and facilities. To my delight, the entire place has been maintained quite well. There was security in the tower and the home was also in good condition,\" he said. DDA is removing furniture from flats before handing them over.He was keen on buying a house at the Village due to its location and infrastructure facilities. There are two swimming pools, one million gallon of water supply every day, wif-fi enabled green buildings, wireless set-up for direct-to-home satellite TV channels, walking tracks and dedicated parking, Tandon added.\"Unfortunately, the complex got a lot of negative publicity but it has a great location. You can reach Khan Market in 10 minutes using the Barapullah Road. There is Akshardham Temple on one side and Yamuna on the other. In the next three months, an RWA will take over and every owner may have to pay anything like Rs 5,000 per month to maintain the towers,\" said Tandon, who will be living on the fourth floor in Tower 27.Buyers were keen on finding a solution for Towers 5 and 15 as their possession has been put on hold, probably till the high court takes a decision, said Tandon. The next hearing is scheduled on April 18.The Games Village was built to lodge international participants during the Commonwealth Games in 2010. Besides sports facilities, it has 1,168 flats of which nearly 450 flats belonged to Emaar MGF and the rest are with DDA. The private developer had sold nearly all flats in its share before the Games began for anything between Rs 2 crore and Rs 5 crore. However, buyers could not take possession even after a year of the Games getting over as DDA realized that Emaar MGF had exceeded the sanctioned floor area ratio. DDA had even sealed the two towers following which the buyers moved the court and the flats were de-sealed.Following court orders, DDA issued completion certificates to 30 of the 34 towers in the complex and also gave a conveyance deed to Emaar MGF on April 4 paving way for the possession to begin. Meanwhile, the urban development ministry is supposed to suggest a solution to the issue of excess FAR. \"We want that the issue of towers 5 and 15 be resolved too. In fact, many buyers are now quite thorough with all building laws and the Master Plan of Delhi,\" Tandon added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670359", "title": "DMRC to plan out Nagpur Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urban Development Ministry has asked the Delhi Metro Rail Corporationto prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for a Metro project in Nagpur.\"Though a period of nearly six months has been assigned for the preparation of the DPR, it may take the DMRC nearly four months to complete the report,\" a senior government official said.According to officials, Nagpur Metro will have two lines with a length of nearly 37km. \"We are looking at a Metro project with two lines with a total length of about 37km,\" an official said. The cost of the project is estimated to be over Rs 8,000 crore, a source said.Apart from Nagpur, several other cities like Lucknow, Kanpur, Patna, Jaipur, Ahmedabad, Pune, Surat, Indore, Kochi, Coimbatore and Kozhikode are also being considered for the creation of Metro networks , officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12670076", "title": "Ambedkar Jayanti celebrated in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: The 112th birth anniversary of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar was celebrated in Wardha. Different organizations had organized various programmes in the city. The district administration also paid a tribute to the leader on the occasion.Mahatma Gandhi Hindi University had organized a Samata Marathon on the occasion on the university premise. A lecture by Dr Bhalchandra Munganekar, MP and former member of planning commission of India, will be organized on Monday. Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Sarvajanik Utsav Samiti, organized a Kala Utsav in the police grounds, Wardha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12669313", "title": "Special Investigation Team gets a pat", "text": "The SIT, looking into the fake degree racket has not been able to zero in on the Delhi linkInterestingly, the Chandigarh IG had honoured the SIT team for its good work, last week.During the press conference, SIT had also mentioned about a Bihar link, who was helping to alter the records of various private institutions and universities in the north-east, but nothing substantial has come out of that too.A racket involving fake educational degrees and certificates of Panjab University and other leading universities in Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and north-east India had come to light in March. Police had made over 10 arrests, which included a woman, Mukta (38), who was the kingpin of the gang involved in the fake degrees racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668952", "title": "Mild tremors jolt citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens felt mild tremors for a few seconds in the city on Saturday morning.According to Met department officials, the tremors were a shock effect of the earthquakes in Gujarat and Maharashtra.Officials recorded a tremor measuring 4.9 on the Richter scale at 10.58am on Saturday in Satara, which is 213 km from Mumbai. Around 25 houses in the Konkan region were damaged. An aftershock was felt at 11.47am in Kolhapur, sending slight tremors in Mumbai again.Those residing in Ballard Pier, Byculla, Dadar, Kurla, Chembur, Vashi, Santa Cruz and interior areas of Andheri are said to have experienced aftershocks. \"I was reading a newspaper at home when I felt my chair shake. My father sitting opposite me also felt the same. I realized that we had felt a tremor,\" said Byculla resident Khushi Sharma.India Meteorological Department director (Mumbai) Bishwombhar Singh said, \"Two tremors were recorded in western India on Saturday. The first one, measuring 4 on the Richter scale, occurred at Bhuj in Rann of Kutch, Gujarat, at 8.53am. The one in Maharashtra occurred at 10.58am and its epicentre was Satara. There is no imminent threat or danger to Mumbai\".No loss of life or property was reported in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12652608", "title": "Katrina Kaif's new royal avatar", "text": "No we are not talking about her look in the Yash Chopra film but in an upcoming television commercial.We have seen Katrina Kaif in a variety of looks, from urban chic to ultra glam to a politician. The Bollywood beauty continues to experiment and will be seen in an ethereal, royal avatar in an upcoming commercial for Mango Slice.Those familiar with the Aamsutra ad series for the drink, remember her in beautiful, mango yellow chiffons but this time she will be seen in a gorgeous deep red saree with a gold border. Her look, designed by renowned designers, Falguni &amp; Shane Peacock reflects simplicity and playfulness. \"There is minimal makeup but her eyes are highlighted with kohl; she wears her hair in a loosely tied side braid, which is a hot international trend\", say the designers.Since the commercial is shot in a haveli and her look is royal; one would expect her to wear a lot of jewellery, but the designers decided against any trinkets. \"Katrina looks like an enchantress and her look goes extremely well with the theme of the ad where she is getting ready to play Ras Ki Holi\", says the designer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669361", "title": "Accommodation of Muslims behind SP\u2019s reservation move?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government's proposed move to include 17 OBC sub-castes into the SC fold will undoubtedly hit the supremacy of Jatavs, the caste to which Mayawati belongs to. The move (if implemented), would certainly give advantage to some political parties at the cost of their rivals, ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Political observers feel that it could be a win-win situation for the SP, which will have some of the parted OBCs sections like Kewat and Nishad, coming back into its fold, whether the move materialises or not. At the same time, Congress may not like to annoy the SCs, and lending their support to the BSP.According to the 2001 Caste Census, the 17 sub-castes - Kahar, Kashyap, Kewat, Nishad, Bind, Bhar, Prajapati, Rajbhar, Batham, Gaur, Tura, Majhi, Mallah, Kumhar, Dheemar and Machua constitute a population of 1.15 crore, which is a little over than 15% of the total OBC population in UP. However, when included in the SC category, they would threaten to eat into the supremacy of Jatavs, Chamars and Dhusia, which constitute 55.38% of the total SC population. The three together have a population of 1.9 crore.According to the available Census data, Kewat, Mallah, Nishad, Machua and Majhi comprise a population of nearly 33 lakh, which is 4.328% of the OBC. This class is relatively more affluent given their stakes in fishing and mining. So is the case with Prajapati and Kumhar, which comprise 3.418% of the total OBC population. Even Kahar and Kashyap have a population of over 25 lakh, constituting 3.31% of the OBC population.Not surprisingly, this population of 1.15 crore OBC when included into the SC bracket will reduce the Jatav, Chamar and Dhusia to around 38% of the total SC population. At the same time, it will give ample space to the OBCs, essentially, Yadavs, Yaduvanshis and Gwalas, who comprise a sizeable chunk of Samajwadi Party vote bank. The space may also be adequate enough to accommodate the minorities, ostensibly the Muslims, who were to be given 4.5% percent reservation within the OBC quota.The movement of the 17 sub-caste makes a space of around 15% (within the OBC), which if added to the proposed reservation percentage provided to the minorities' paves way for 19.5%, the figure which the SP has been pressing for Muslims during the assembly elections.The move, however, is likely to pass though a rough patch at the Centre, which has been denying this since 2005, when the then SP government amended the UP Public Services (Reservation for Schedule Caste, Schedule Tribes and Other Backward Castes) Act 1994, while including the 17 sub-castes of OBCs in the SC category. In the absence of Centre's consensus the decision did not go a distance.According to sources, Mayawati did understand this in 2008, when she recommended inclusion of these 17 OBC sub-castes in the SC fold. The BSP chief had recommended the inclusion with a rider - that it be done after amending the Constitution to increase the quota of the SCs.Obviously, the inclusion would not have dented the interests of existing SCs, while more category of castes were being brought under the SC umbrella.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672741", "title": "Even walking on city roads will be difficult by 2015", "text": "SURAT: If heavy vehicular traffic between Athwa Gate to Ring Road drives you crazy, be prepared for the worst.Going by Regional Transport Office (RTO) estimates, the city will have 30 lakh vehicles - both four-wheelers and two-wheelers by 2015, compared to 19.50 lakh at present, turning the diamond city into a commuter's nightmare.This means that if 1,011 vehicles are plying on every one km stretch, as many as 1,578 will choke every km of road in the next three years if the width and length of the roads remains the same.The number of private vehicles in the city, including cars and motorcycles has reached 17 lakh, of which 25 per cent are cars and 80 per cent motorcycles. The annual growth of private vehicle ownership is about 15-20 per cent, while there is no planned development for expanding the road network by the municipal corporation.As per RTO's official statistics, about 2 lakh new vehicles were registered in the year starting from April 1, 2011 to March 31, 2012, registering a 15 per cent growth compared to the previous year. Out of 1.70 lakh vehicles, about 1.44 lakh motorcycles and about 35,000 cars were registered by the department.\"Compared to other cities in Gujarat, Surat has the highest vehicle growth. The vehicles are increasing by 15 to 20 per cent every year. However, we expect the vehicle growth to cross 30 lakh numbers by 2015,\" said KA Patel, in-charge regional transport officer (RTO).According to Patel, given the phenomenal growth of vehicles the city will have less space for commuters by 2015.The city administration faces an uphill task of solving traffic congestion. Switching over to public transports like Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) increasing the red-line buses seem to be the only solution to ease the traffic congestion.City engineer Jatin Shah said, \"We have implemented Comprehensive Mobility Plan (CMP) for the city keeping in mind the traffic congestion and other issues for 2020. We have been identifying congested roads and accordingly planning the construction of flyovers, khadi bridges and bridges on river.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12674286", "title": "Aircel-Maxis deal: CBI seeks details of money trail from 4 countries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting on a CBI plea, a special CBI court has issued judicial requests to four countries seeking details of money trail in the Aircel-Maxis deal in which former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran is an accused.The Letters Rogatory (LRs) to the UK, Bermuda, Malaysia and Mauritius were issued by a Patiala House court last week in the case in which the agency has alleged Maran had received Rs 547 crore as kickbacks from Malaysian telecom company Maxis, sources said.The agency is also likely to question Maran in connection with the case this month, they said.These allegations have been refuted by Maran. An email seeking Maxis's comment remained unanswered. The LRs are an attempt by the agency to get details of financial transactions from these four countries which would help in deciphering the money trail involved in the case, the sources said.The CBI probe has reached the shores of Caribbean island Bermuda and the United Kingdom from where the money was allegedly routed to Indian companies, they said.The agency had earlier confined its probe to Malaysia and Mauritius in connection with alleged routing of money in the takeover of Aircel by Malaysian giant Maxis, they said.Besides Maran, the CBI had also accused his brother Kalanithi Maran, Sun Direct TV director, chairman of Maxis Communication T Ananda Krishnan, senior executive of Astro All Asia Network and Maxis' Ralph Marshall and three companies Astro All Asia Networks, Sun Direct TV and Maxis Communications of complicity.It has been alleged by former Aircel chief C Sivasankaran that Maran as the then telecom minister favoured Maxis group in the takeover of his company and that return investments were made by it through Astro network in Sun TV-owned by the Maran family.The sources in the CBI alleged a quid-pro-quo on the part of the then telecom minister has been established.They also alleged that the probe indicated that there was evidence to suggest that files relating to Sivasankaran were \"deliberately\" delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669251", "title": "Gandhi Bhawan on auction block?", "text": "KOLKATA: Is Gandhi Bhawan in Beliaghata going under the hammer? The question has been bothering politicians and historians who have condemned the United Bank of India's (UBI) move to auction Gandhi Maidan. Gandhi Maidan - adjoining the Gandhi Bhawan - will be thrown open to the highest bidder unless good sense dawns upon its possessor. The advertisements for its auction were placed by UBI after its mortgagee defaulted a loan dating back some 50 years.Some 50 years ago, the plot's original owner Samarendra Kumar Ghosh, took an UBI loan mortgaging the 16-cottah Gandhi Maidan. The loan remained unpaid even after his death and none of his heirs claimed the property. The bank thus attached the mortgaged maidan about 20 years ago. But the deed for the entire 31-cottah plot, including Gandhi Bhawan, was surrendered by Ghosh to the bank as he mortgaged the maidan without demarcating it from the rest of the plot, said sources.It was in last December that UBI's Trivoli Court branch placed newspaper advertisements inviting bidders to bid for the plot, mentioning its number. This has raised concern that even the 15 cottahs housing Gandhi Bhawan, though never mortgaged, might go under the hammer.Though there is a dilemma over whether the auction will be for the entire 31-cottah plot on 150B Suresh Banerjee Road or just the mortgaged 16-cottah Gandhi maidan within it, historians and politicians have slammed the very auction of the historic site. There is now a chorus for acquisition of the entire plot by the state.Together, the house and the maidan are steeped in history. The maidan is where the Mahatma fasted for 25 days, beginning August 13, 1947, when Bengal was mired in communal riots over partition. When peace returned, Gandhiji organized an all religion prayer under a shamiana on the maidan.On the other hand, historians say the Gandhi Bhawan has been included in the heritage list prepared by West Bengal Heritage Commission and the latter has placed it among its grade-A heritage buildings.The concern gnawing at locals and historians stems from the property record that is there with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). It shows the 16-cottah maidan and the 15 cottahs of land - on which stands Gandhi Bhawan - as one plot, a fact confirmed by an official of KMC's survey department. Incidentally, it remained a single plot in KMC's record as no demarcation was done even after the 1985 take over by the state PWD of the 15-cottah area that includes Gandhi Bhawan. The building now houses a museum dedicated to the Mahatma.Barun De, historian and former chairperson of West Bengal Heritage Commission, was shocked to hear from this correspondent that an attempt could be made to auction the Beliaghata Gandhi Bhawan.De said, \"I would expect that the state government takes initiative for the acquisition of the heritage building which has been associated with the life of the father of the nation. If the state fails to protect it, the Centre should come forward and take initiative for its acquisition.\"Reacting to the bank's bid, Rajnish Kumar, secretary of Rajghat Samadhi Committee in Delhi termed the attempt as 'shocking'. \"This can't happen. The building and the ground have not only been included in the heritage list, this building at Beliaghata has been a must see place in Kolkata for tourists from India and abroad. I will definitely take up the matter with the Union government,\" Kumar told TOI from Delhi over phone.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya also came down heavily on the UBI authorities, \"It is unfortunate that a Kolkata-based bank is taking such an initiative oblivious of the historic value of the building and the ground. I would rather call it a crime. Bhattacharya who spoke to TOI from Delhi said that he would take up the matter with governor M K Narayanan once he returns to Kolkata.On Saturday, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, said that all attempts would be made on part of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation for acquisition of the heritage building. \"Let me go through the details of the matter. What I can assure is that though Gandhi Bhawan and the adjacent Gandhi Maidan are located on private land, the KMC would, if required, go for acquisition of the historic building and the ground,\" he said.\"We have published an advertisement for auction of the property. We don't go by the importance attached with any properties,\" said a bank official. However, Neeraj Verma, the chief manager (communication) of UBI, said he will be able to comment only after going through the details of the plot at Beliaghata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12669649", "title": "15 players from Haryana book berth for London Olympics", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana is wallowing in the joy of seeing 15 of its sportspersons qualifying for the London Olympics to be held in July 2012. Only eight players from the state were part of the Indian contingent in Beijing Olympics in 2008.\"Olympics will be a treat to watch this year. We are waiting for it with bated breath. Just the thought of my icon Vijender Kumar fighting in the boxing ring gives me enormous joy. Moreover, watching wrestler Geeta Phogat grappling for gold would be exciting,\" said 15-year-old sports enthusiast Amit Dhaka, a 10+2 student in Rohtak.Phogat is the first Indian woman wrestler to qualify for Olympics. She hails from Babali village in Bhiwani. Talking to the Times of India on Saturday, she said, \"With already 15 players qualifying and some more in the pipeline, it would be the largest contingent of this small state to the Olympics. And definitely chances and hopes of returning with medals are also high.\"\"It is the ultimate dream of a sportsperson to make it to the Olympics. Now our eyes are set on gold medal. We are physically, and more importantly mentally, prepared to take on our opponents,\" said Geeta, who would represent the country in 55kg wrestling. Her sister Babita is also competing to qualify in 48kg category. Mahavir Singh, father of Geeta and Babita, has been the motivation and mentor of the sister duo.Raj Singh, secretary of the Indian wrestling association, said that it would be a watershed year in Indian sports as far as Olympics are concerned. \"With so many sportspersons with proven abilities, especially in individual events, having qualified, India would be higher in the medal tally than on the previous occasions.\"\"Five out of seven boxers are from Haryana, all three wrestlers who have so far qualified are from this state. Besides in athletics and team events like hockey, there are players from here. It's amazing! Rest of the states must emulate Haryana,\" he added.Jagdish Singh, the coach at Bhiwani boxing club said, all the players are medal hopefuls and he hoped that Vijender Kumar would definitely improve his previous Olympics feat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670240", "title": "State observes Babasaheb's 121st birth anniversary", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Saturday inaugurated an exhibition titled 'Bharat Ratna Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar-Icon for Social Justice\" to mark Ambedkar's 121st birth anniversary at the Jawahar Kala Kendra here. The exhibition comprises 70 pictorial representation of the different facets of Ambedkar's life.The event was organized by Rajasthan University's Dr Ambedkar Centre in collaboration with directorate of advertising, Jaipur. Entry is free and the exhibition will conclude on April 16.\"Every picture tells a story. Some of them are rare which were not seen before,\" said Sneha Jain, an art lover.Later, Gehlot also visited Ambedkar Foundation at Mundala. He paid floral tribute to the champion of the downtrodden and spent time villagers at the foundation building. The foundation building was constructed with the grant of Rs 7 crore by the state government.\"Our government is fulfilling Babasaheb's vision of empowering the poor and the villagers. Our Janani Shishu Security scheme and CM free medicines scheme among others have created a new benchmark in society,\" Gehlot told the villagers.In an official state government programme to remember Ambedkar held at Indira Gandhi Panchayatiraaj and Rural Development Training Centre, Gehlot conferred the Ambedkar Samajik Seva Award to Balchand Verma. He was given Rs one lakh and an appreciation letter.Speaking on the occasion, Gehlot said, \"He (Ambedkar) has been a source of inspiration behind many of our developmental policies. Every family in society must remember his values which talks about literate India, casteless and secular society.\"The 25% reservation to economically disadvantaged groups in private schools is again a scheme which reflects vision of Babasaheb, he said and urged people of state to take the maximum benefit of developmental policies.Meanwhile, many organizations paid tribute to Babasaheb in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670658", "title": "Children must be taught to use tech responsibly: Psychiatrists", "text": "MUMBAI: What has led to the rising incidence of cyber harassment amongst children? It is the anonymity that online life provides, coupled with the absence of a friendly environment at home and school to give vent to their feelings, city psychiatrists told TOI. It is mostly these kids who send out hate emails and indulge in guilt-free character assassination on public forums, they said.Two years ago, a teacher from a city school complained that someone had described her body on a public forum. On investigation, the police zeroed in on one of her students who had been punished for not completing his homework.Last year, a IXstandard boy maligned a girl from his class and tagged her personal details online, as she had refused to date him. In both cases, the boys were let off with a warning.Psychiatrists say that living in a virtual world has its repercussions on young minds . \"There's nothing new about teenagers playing pranks for fun, but easy access to the internet has changed the nature of the 'game', said Dr Bharat Shah, psychiatrist with Lilavati Hospital.In most instances, offenders told investigators that they did it for \"fun\" . Take the 2008 case of a 16-year-old from Ahmedabad who had threatened to blow up Andheri station in a hoax email. Although he was found to be guilty-the first-ever web crime conviction in Mumbai-he too was let off with a a warning. Psychiatrists said it is important that youngsters are taught to handle technology in a responsible manner early in life.In an attempt to educate children, the city police and cyber cell conduct programmes on \"future crime\" in schools and colleges. \"It is important to create a friendly, democratic environment for students in school,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12673817", "title": "Gram panchayat member complains of attempt to murder", "text": "DHARWAD: Vice chairman of Prabhu Nagar Honnapur gram panchayat in Dharwad taluk Bhimrao Doddamani has lodged a complaint with Dharwad Rural police that some unidentified persons tried to eliminate him by firing at him on Saturday but failed in their attempt as the revolver did not work properly. Doddamani in his complaint said that he was in his SUV after participating in Ambedkar Jayanti programme and was waylaid by two unidentified persons who came on a motorcycle with their faces masked.The duo allegedly took out a revolver and fired at him. However, since the revolver did not work properly, the bullet could not come out and the duo fled, Doddamani said in his complaint. He said the incident took place on Dharwad-Alnavar road.After receiving the complaint senior police officers rushed to the spot and enquired in the village. Dharwad rural deputy superintendent of police Raju Banahatti told STOI that the residents of Prabhunagar Honnapur were not aware of any such incident. \"We have registered the complaint and investigating.,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669351", "title": "Cop rapped for misconduct", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A police constable of Chandigarh tourism police was suspended for allegedly misbehaving with a woman outside Rose Garden, Sector 16, on Saturday. The incident took place around 3.30pm when the woman had parked her car outside the Rose Garden on the dividing road of Sector 16 and 17.Constable Narinder Singh, who was responsible for the security in Rose Garden, and was taking his rounds in an electric car, shouting at her saying how dared she park her car on the road like that.Narinder who was in plain clothes did not disclose his identity to the woman and moved towards Punjab Kala Bhawan side after venting his ire at her.Police sources said the woman who felt offended at the cop's behaviour, her husband Umesh Kumar from Kansal village near Chandigarh. Her husband traced him and chased the constable in the Rose Garden. Meanwhile, a scuffle followed heated arguments between Narinder and Umesh, who by then had also summoned his two friends to the spot.SHO of the Sector 17 police station, inspector Ranjodh Singh, said that they rushed a police party to the spot on learning about the incident, and then the squabbling parties were brought to the police station in Sector 17. He said prima facie constable Narinder was found guilty for misbehaving with the woman and performing his duty in plain clothes.Moreover, Narinder was appointed for maintaining law and order inside Rose Garden but he intervened in a matter, which was reported outside the garden, inspector Ranjodh added.Constable Narinder has been sent to police lines in Sector 26. A DDR was registered at the Sector 17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670282", "title": "'Need for Intensive-care units will increase manifold by 2020'", "text": "JAIPUR: Critical care services should be made cheaper and made accessible to the poor as the need for ICUs would increase manifold by 2020, said experts. Doctors from various countries took part in the conference on critical care medicines held in Jaipur on Saturday.Leads, UK senior professor and researcher Dr Abhiram Malik said ICU is a branch in medicine which started in 1940. Explaining the concept of ICU in 2020, he said, it has come to light in a European Survey that there would be heavy demand for ICUs in 2020, because obesity is increasing in the entire world which causes organ failure, so will the need for ICUs.And in the times to come, ICUs will be made in cubicle shape, so that infections do not spread to other places.In another session, chest medicine head of PGI Rohtak Dr Dhruv Choudhary said critical care medicines are giving good results on tropical infections in the areas near equator. India, too, is a tropical country. In such areas diseases like malaria , dengue, leptospira and Japanese fever (brain fever) are common. Initially, the difference between the normal fever and these diseases cannot be spotted, but after 3-4 days, the disease is identified. In these diseases, virus enters the body through some medium and starts causing damage to body parts, which is called multi-organ dysfunction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668559", "title": "Childless couple commit suicide after a fight", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple from the Ice House area allegedly committed suicide by hanging themselves in their house on B B Salai on Friday. Police said they were depressed over not having children despite being married for four years. Police said R Ramaiah, 28, a carpenter, and his wife R Nagarani, 22, reportedly had fights over the issue.Police said the had a fight on Friday. Ramaiah tried to pacify his wife but failed. As soon as he was asleep, she hanged herself from the ceiling fan using a saree. When Ramaiah woke up, he found his wife had committed suicide.\"He checked to see if she was alive. When she didn't respond, he decided to end his life using the same saree,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669511", "title": "Gangster's escape bid throws cops into tizzy", "text": "KOLKATA: Sadique Zafar alias Gudda, one of the most notorious gangsters of the city, has become a major security concern for jail guards at the Dum Dum Central Correctional Home. One of the most wanted men of Kolkata, Sadique Zafar alias Gudda, has become a major security concern for jail guards at the Dum Dum Central Correctional Home and the state police.While earlier police seized an improvised gun and cartridges from him at the Alipore Central jail after which he was shifted to the Dum Dum jail, on March 29 Gudda allegedly got into a fight with his guards inside the prison van at the seven-point crossing in Park Circus. Police claimed it was part of an elaborate plan to escape from prison. Following the incident, the state home department has asked police to step up his security and keep a watch on his movements during court productions.According to officers after the March incident where an improvised gun and five rounds of live cartridges was recovered from him at the Alipore Central jail after which he was shifted to the Dum Dum jail, Gudda allegedly got into a fist fight with his guards inside a prison van. Cops claimed it was part of an elaborate plan to try and escape from prison. The incident took place at the Park Circus seven points crossing on March 29 prompting the state home department to ask cops to increase security in his prison cell and keep a hawk's watch on his movements during court productions.Police said that on March 29 the prison van was waiting at the signal in Park Circus when Gudda lunged at his guards who were accompanying him to the Alipore court for a scheduled production. Even as the scuffle continued between Gudda and the policemen, who had kept the firearms at the holster,the driver of the vehicle surged forward, claimed sources, fearing that Gudda's accomplices were close by to help the gangster in his breakaway attempt. and they may help in his breakaway attempt.Sources in the police said that they were planning to keep him confined to only a few areas within the jail. Tightening his security - which includes employing more security personnel and providing them with arms - was also in the offing.Henceforth, extra security detailing - including employing extra security personnel and providing them with arms - are in likelihood to take place.Gudda, a central Kolkata don who took to crime in the bylanes of Bowbazar, had been charged with dozens of cases of murder, extortion and kidnapping. Weeks after his release on bail in September, 2010, he was arrested from the Park Street area for his involvement in a series of abductions. Not to mellow down even while in jail, Gudda made extortion calls from his phone following which a trader from Entally lodged a complaint against him in June, 2011, for alleged extortion calls. Police said that armed dacoity, abductions and murders in Amherst Street, Narkeldanga and Bowbazar were his forte.After his release in 2010, he was desperately trying to regroup with his old gang members but managed to get only three of them. CID said that at least in three operations, he led the gang in abducting traders from somewhat crowded places of Kolkata before being nabbed once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "sitapur (up)", "code": "12673990", "title": "Dalit teenager raped, killed", "text": "SITAPUR (UP): A 14-year-old dalit girl has been raped and killed allegedly by two persons, one of them a relative, in Imalia Sultanpur area here.The deceased was forcibly kidnapped by Manoj and Rinku while she was sleeping with her mother outside their house in Kurka village yesterday, DSP Jitendra Srivastava said.She was then raped and strangled to death by them, he said.Manoj, who is a relative of the victim, has been arrested while the other accused is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669567", "title": "Parents fight out kin's battle at Vastrapur police station", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police station turned into a battleground on Saturday when a youth involved police in an estrangement case with his wife and members from both the sides came to the police station after getting to know the news. Police have taken an application of complaint at the moment and have started investigation.According to Vastrapur police officials, Rajesh and Priya (names changed), residents of Vastrapur, got married in January. After three months, Priya went to her father's home without giving any explanation to Rajesh. He tried to talk to her to settle any issues but she did not respond.Talks between families also did not materialize in anything fruitful.Rajesh, suspecting extra-marital affair and started following her when he observed a car picked Priya up from her workplace.\"He followed the car to a hotel opposite Himalaya Mall where Priya was spotted with a youth. The couple went inside the hotel.Rajesh noted down the details and approached police with the complaint that his wife was cheating on him. He also provided the details but police told him to contact when the duo meets again.On Rajesh's call on up city police control room on Saturday, police raided the spot and rounded the duo up,\" said a Vastrapur police official.However, the entire incident left Priya fuming. She called upon her relatives and asked them to come to Vastrapur police station whereas Rajesh also relayed the message that he managed to catch Priya with another youth.What followed was mayhem as both the groups met outside the police station and came to fisticuff. Police had to intervene in the incident and later took an application of complaint from Rajesh about the incident.Police sources said that while the application cannot directly result into action, it can help the youth file for a divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672508", "title": "Minor raped by two youths", "text": "SURAT: An 11-year-old girl was raped by two youths at an isolated location in Althan here on Thursday night. Seventeen-year-old Montu Kalidas raped the victim under a tree. Soon after him, another youth arrived at the location and raped the victim after threatening her with a knife.Montu had taken the girl out after seeking permission from her mother. After the incident, he dropped the victim back at her house. He also informed her mother that the girl was raped by a youth at a knife point. When her mother inquired about the incident, the victim told her that she was first raped by Montu and then by another youth.The victim's family complained about Montu to his parents. The accused's family offered money, but victim's family approached police, who on Friday made her undergo a medical examination. The medical test has confirmed that the girl was raped.Police nabbed Montu and believe that the youth who raped the victim was former's friend and that they had committed the crime after proper planning.Meanwhile, at the same time, some locals saved another girl from being raped by four unidentified miscreants near Baben village of Bardoli taluka in Surat district.The miscreants had spotted a college going couple at an isolated location on the outskirts of Baben village. They parked their bikes on road and went near the couple in the bushes. They thrashed the youth and tried to take the girl towards a sugarcane farm with the intention to gang rape her.Meanwhile, her partner stopped a few people on road and asked for their help. They brought in a few more people from Baben village. The miscreants on seeing so many people escaped from the location, leaving behind a bike without a registration number. The couple has not lodged any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12670103", "title": "Avertano checks on constituency's issues", "text": "MARGAO: Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado on Saturday visited the panchayat areas of Rumdamol, Davorlim and Aquem-Baixo following which he held a meeting with officials of the PWD, water supply, irrigation, sewerage and other departments to discuss the pre-monsoon works that need to be taken up in these villages.Furtado instructed the officials to take up the works on an urgent basis and ensure that they are completed well before the onset of monsoons. On Friday, Furtado had held interactions with the villagers to know the problems faced by them. Among the demands put forth by the villagers were: solutions for garbage disposal, acquisition and development of open spaces, improvement in power supply by installing new transformers, taking action against illegal construction, expansion of the sewerage network system, etc. He assured the villagers that these issues will be redressed soon.Speaking to TOI, Furtado expressed his determination to live up to the expectations of his constituents. In his election manifesto, Furtado had promised to introduce agro-reforms, set up a sports centre, desilt the Salpem lake, and work towards revitalization of water bodies. \"Many areas of Navelim face acute scarcity of water during summer. I will hold a meeting with concerned officials soon and discuss ways to tide over the water woes,\" Furtado said.Furtado is the only MLA from Salcete who has a berth in the Manohar Parrikar government. In the earlier Congress regime, as many as five ministers were from Salcete. Furtado now carries the burden of rising expectations from across eight constituencies of Salcete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12673844", "title": "CBI team to scan Associated Mining Company minefields in Bellary", "text": "HUBLI: A CBI team visited the minefields of the Associated Mining Company (AMC) to survey in Ramgarh area in Sandur taluk of Bellary district on Saturday.The team, led by CBI SP Subhramanneshwar Rao visited the AMC, once owned by jailed former minister Gali Janardhan Reddy. According to sources, CBI team marked the mining border areas on Saturday. The 3D laser scanning of the mining area is expected to begin on Sunday.The team includes expert engineers from Singareeni in Andhra Pradesh. With the 3D laser survey, engineers can establish whether the quantity of the ore excavated in the region matches what is shown in the records. The survey is expected to continue for the next three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12668440", "title": "19-yr-old hangs self over failed love", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself in her hostel in KG Chadavi on the outskirts of the city on Friday. She took the extreme step when her parents rejected her proposal to marry a youth she was in love with, said police.The deceased has been identified as, S Sneha Devi, a first year student of BBM in Sri Narayana Guru College at KG Chavadi. According to police, she committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan using her duppatta. Her parents are settled in Mumbai and had reportedly refused her proposal to marry her relative .On Friday, she told her roommates that she was not hungry and stayed back in the room. While her roommates were away for lunch, she attempted suicide. It was only after her roommates returned that they discovered Sneha's body.She was rushed to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) in a critical condition. However, she was declared dead upon arrival. Postmortem was conducted on Saturday and the body was handed over to her parents. KG Chavadi police have recovered a suicide note from her hostel room.The suicide note stated that Sneha was in love her relative. However when she asked her parents to arrange for the marriage soon, they refused. Hence, out of frustration, Sneha, who feared that her marriage wish might go unfulfilled, committed suicide. The KG Chavadi police have registered a case and further investigation is on.The deceased has been identified as, S Sneha Devi, a first year student of BBM in Sri Narayana Guru College at KG Chavadi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12677118", "title": "BJP appeals to government to intervene in Gilgit-Baltistan", "text": "JAMMU: The BJP today appealed to the Centre and state government to intervene to stop the killings in Gilgit-Baltistan.\"The party has been closely watching the developments in Gilgit Baltistan and appeals to the Government of India and state government to intervene to stop bloodshed and killings in Gilgit Baltistan,\" J&K; state BJP chief Shamsher Singh Manhas told media today.He said the party will launch a country-wide campaign to make people aware of the state government and the UPA government's apethatic attitude towards people of Gilgit Baltistan.\"We will launch a country-wide campaign to make people aware of the apathy of Central and state governments,\" Manhas said.He said the party extends its support to the people of Kargil, particularly the members of Anjuman-e-Jamiyatul Ulima Asna Ashriya (Kargil) in their peaceful agitation against bloodshed and killings in Gilgit Baltistan.Manhas also announced party's decision to depute State General Secretary and Incharge Ladakh, Satish Sharma, to contact the local leadership in Kargil and device a plan to extend every possible co-operation to the people of Gilgit Baltistan.Shia-dominated Kargil border town in Jammu and Kashmir yesterday observed a complete bandh in protest against the recent sectarian violence in Gilgit-Baltistan region of northern Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672381", "title": "Sesame oil helps in weightloss", "text": "VARANASI: People wary of obesity can look forward to Til (Sesame seeds) for keeping body in shape. The secret of controlling weight also lies in garlic, provided the garlic (used for chutney) is taken within seven minutes of crushing. According to ayurveda experts, sesame seeds containing sesamol has not only revealed anti-oxidant properties, but the ingredient could be used as panacea for management of obesity cases.Talking to reporters after delivering special lecture on 'Treating Obesity - Ayurvedic Perspective', organised by Department of Rasa Shastra, Banaras Hindu University in the series of lectures to mark 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, founder of BHU on Saturday, Dr Mukund Sabnis, ayurveda expert from Aurangabad (Maharastra) said that initially, the anti-oxidant properties in sesame oil were recommended for management of ageing cases, but extensive research showed its use in management of obesity cases. The sesamolinol, which is derived after hydroxylation, is used only once in a day in liquid form and it gives energy worth 800 calories. The requirement of extra calories for the day could be compensated with chapati and dal, and it could reduce weight up to nine kilo in six days, he said.Saying that the use of sesame oil (sesamolinol) has already shown reduction of over 30 kilos in more than 3,000 patients across the country, the ayurveda expert from Maharastra also claimed that 10 kilo weightloss has been registered in nearly 10,000 patients in the country. Stressing that there are no serious side effects of the sesame oil, he also added that nausea, headache and slight hair fall has been reported in around 10 per cent of the patients. Even, garlic chutney (prepared from the paste of garlic and jeera) could be used to control weight, provided it is consumed within seven minutes of crushing of garlic, he said.It may be mentioned here that obesity has turned out to be world wide problem with India projected to become diabetic capital of the world by 2025. As per studies of Dr Sabnis, as many as 18 per cent of Punjabis fall in the category of obesity, followed by Marathis. The Keralites are least obese in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668853", "title": "Registering paying guests with cops now a must", "text": "MUMBAI: Registering paying guests (PGs) with the police will now be a must in the Bandra- Oshiwara belt. Following the Lokhandwala murder in which two paying guests were alleged involved in the killing of Arunkumar Tikku (62), the police have decided to compile information on all PGs in the region.\"We will ask for background details on PGs such as their phone numbers, native addresses, photographs and two independent witnesses from Mumbai as well as their hometowns,\" said deputy commissioner (zone IX) Pratap Dighavkar.To ensure that nobody backs off from the registration, the police may also initiate action against those who conceal information on their PGs. The registration has to be done at the time of entering into an agreement with the PG, officers said.Police officers in the Bandra-Oshiwara belt have been compiling information on tenants. Between October 2011 and March 2012, the police registered 4,466 tenants with complete details on their backgrounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679857", "title": "AGP pushes prez poll for third time", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP has postponed polls for its new chief for the third time. The party, which initially planned to hold the election in February, first postponed it to April 20 and has now pushed it away for another week, on April 26.The party alluded the rescheduling to the 12-hour Assam bandh called by Ulfa hardliners. The Paresh Baruah faction of Ulfa had issued the bandh call to protest the proposed visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the state on April 20. The Prime Minister was scheduled to inaugurate the platinum jubilee celebration of the Assembly.\"The date of our party poll and the Assam bandh coincided and it may cause difficulties to voters to reach the office. Moreover, it will take some more time than expected to complete the voter list,\" said Bijon Mahajan, member of the Central Election Committee (CEC) of AGP.A party insider, however, said the delay is caused due to the lackadaisical attitude of the party's district committees. \"The district bodies play a major role in the election. The party's fund crunch has affected the district level elections so far. The party could not finish the district and block level polls on time. The party is facing a coordination problem from the top rung down to the bottom,\" the source said.According to the new plan, now the party will close the distribution and submission of nomination forms on April 22. Earlier, the last date for filing nominations was April 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12670848", "title": "Pvt British guards illtreated minorities\u2019", "text": "LONDON: A security firm hired to deport asylum seekers and prisoners from the UK has admitted that its guards demonstrated a lack of respect for ethnic minorities and women and displayed \"aggressive\" and \"loutish\" behaviour in an internal note leaked to the Guardian newspaper.Nepalese asylum seeker Govinda Pokharel claimed that guards of the firm - Reliance - thrashed him during an attempt to evict him, his pregnant wife, Jamuna Rijal, and their fourmonth-old child last year.But Reliance that won British home ministry's lucrative contract for the purpose in May 2011 dismissed Pokharel's allegations as \"unsubstantiated\" .\"Is there actually a problem with our business? The consensus was: yes. Is this a company where women, ethnic minorities and those of diverse religions feel comfortable? Evidence would suggest: no,\" the firm said in the note.But the company is now reviewing and amending its recruitment process to encourage more applications from women and those from minority cultural backgrounds.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673996", "title": "'It is time social evils like Made Snana were stopped'", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district minister S A Ramdas on Saturday said political parties have misused national leader B R Ambedkar's image for the sake of votes, which, he said, should stop. He said dalit associations and activities have the responsibility of making the national leader's message reaching the masses.Speaking on the occasion of 121st birth anniversary of Ambedkar, he said: \"Ambedkar Jayanti should be celebrated in a more meaningful way to fulfill the needs of society.\"Bahadur Institute of Management Sciences chairman D Anand said social evils like honour killing and Made Snana still exist. \"According to a study, 36% villages do not allow dalits into fair-price shops in India. And 48% of villages do not drink water from a single source. Some section of people in 73% of villages do not allow dalits into their houses, and the latter's entry is prohibited in 65% of temples,\" he stated.Earlier, Ramdas, mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna and other dignitaries garlanded the statue of Ambedkar in front of Town Hall.If the district administration has its way, experts in civil engineering will look after the construction of Ambedkar Bhavan at the city centre, which will also have a cellar parking lot. But the project could be used for commercial purpose.Experts at Bangalore-based Torsteel Research Foundation of India have been asked to look after the quality of the Rs 14.5-crore project, Ramdas said on Friday.Briefing reporters after holding a meeting on the project with elected representatives and dalit leaders, he said the maintenance of the structure is important, which will be ensured by tasking the job to the community. The life history of the national leader will be depicted at the Bhavan, which will sport a heritage look, he added.There will be parking lot at the cellar to avoid crowding of the city centre. The Bhavan will come up on a plot off D Devaraj Urs Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672430", "title": "Ganga Tapasya continues for uninterrupted flow of holy river", "text": "VARANASI: Ganga Tapasya for uninterrupted and clean flow of the holy river continued in Varanasi and New Delhi on Saturday. People associated with different organizations participated in the prayers at Kedar ghat, Ganga crusader Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal) continued fast at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi.Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, who is camping in New Delhi, told TOI over phone that Swami Sanand refused any test or treatment at the AIIMS until positive output comes from the proposed meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) scheduled to be held on April 17. The doctors at AIIMS advised angioplasty to Swami Sanand but he refused making it clear that there would be no need of treatment if NGRBA meeting failed to give positive results, he said.Swami Sanand, who is on hunger strike for Ganga, was admitted to the AIIMS by the Delhi administration on April 10. He is under the observation of doctors in the intensive care unit. Swami Avimukteshwaranand said that no visitor was allowed to meet Swami Sanand. In Varanasi, Ganga Premi Bhikshu, who has been on hunger strike since March 23, is at Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital. Though forcibly fed, he refused food orally. Local organizations held programme at different places in support of Save Ganga movement.Senior Congress leader and MP Sanjay Nirupam, who recently visited Varanasi and met Swami Sanand and Swami Avimuteshwaranand, wrote a letter to the Prime Minister mentioning their demands. \"The demands raised by the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam should be accepted before April 17, the date on which the National Ganga River Basin Authority is scheduled to meet, as a gesture of our commitment towards preserving the sanctity of the river,\" Nirupam wrote in his letter to the PM on April 11. Pointing out the demands of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, he said that the dams being constructed by the Central government on the Ganga should be stopped immediately. The other demands are that the sewage discharge should not be channelized into Ganga and alternative arrangements be made, enacting of National River Act and bringing of Ganga under its purview and formation of a special Ganga fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669610", "title": "Cops shield lovebirds in Viramgam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police played saviours for a couple in Viramgam on Saturday as a crowd of 200 tried to take the girl away and beat up the youth. The girl was sent to Paldi Vikas Gruh, whereas the boy was given police protection.According to Viramgam police officials, Mandal police station had registered a complaint 12 days back about a couple - Kiran Patel (23) and Pinkal Chauhan (18), both residents of Bhadana village near Mandal, fleeing from the village. Chauhan's parents were dead against the union and had registered a complaint of abduction against Patel. Police, however, refused to take complaint stating that both the persons are adults and they can marry.\"At that point, the parents demanded to see their girl to ensure that she had not been abducted. Thus, we arranged a meet at Viramgam police station, away from Mandal, where we were sure that the matters will heat up. However, it turned out that the parents came with more than 200 persons who demanded that the girl be sent with them. We refused their demand and sent the girl to Ahmedabd for protection,\" a Viramgam police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672423", "title": "Medical facilities at Central Jail dismal", "text": "VARANASI: Already over-crowded, the Central Jail is now turning into a den of ailing inmates as facility for their proper treatment is proving to be meager.In March this year, death of an ailing patient had led to violence in Mau jail. However, same shocking facts surfaced when TOI tried to take stock of the Central Jail's hospital on Saturday. The jail department of state government is surely making tall claims regarding improving condition of jails, but a ray of hope for improvement in health services inside the jail is still invisible.When senior jail superintendent Sanjiv Tripathi was contacted, he disclosed that presently 2032 prisoners are lodged in the jail against the actual capacity of 984 prisoners in 26 barracks in four circles. In the case of any health problem, the prisoners depend on the jail's hospital. This 30-bed hospital was constructed in view of the requirement of actual capacity of the jail as only two doctors and four pharmacists are posted here. Sources revealed that a position of senior consultant was also made for the hospital of this jail but such post was shifted to Naini Jail in recent past.If the jail staff are to be believed in the case of any emergency or ailment in night hours, the plea for medical assistance of ailing prisoner is first registered at the reporting post of the circle. Before the pharmacist of hospital, such plea passes through two other points. Initially, the pharmacist tries to handle the case but if he considers that the presence of doctor is must, the jail hospital doctor is informed. Tripathi admitted that the procedure of arranging doctor in these types of cases takes a time of over 45 minutes.This procedure is followed in such a jail hospital where no facility to handle serious emergency cases like heart attack is available. The pharmacists of the hospital said that there is a facility of providing first aid in serious emergency cases as most of the cases of this nature is referred to the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya District hospital or SSL hospital of BHU.According to him, the hospitalization at jail's hospital is done to handle diarrhoeal and other minor problems only. The hospital's X-ray unit has got an operator recently after a gap of several months. The two doctors posted at jail's hospital remains available in day hours but in night hours they visit jail on call.With these facilities , the jail administration is handling over 2,000 prisoners among which more than 250 old inmates have permanent ailments and they needed proper care. Tripathi said that as providing regular treatment to such a huge number of ailing elderly inmates at the jail's hospital is impossible, arrangements for providing medical assistance to them has been made inside the circles where they are lodged. The jail's hospital is surely handling large number of old aged prisoners and inmates suffering from ordinary ailments.But the number of patients suffering from chronic diseases is also increasing. Tripathi said that at present one patient suffering from cancer is admitted to SSL Hospital of BHU while one suffering from tuberculosis is admitted in a hospital at Ramnagar. One patient has been referred to SGPGI, Lucknow while 74 others needed surgeries, he added.The jail authorities are interested in ensuring proper treatment of ailing prisoners. But, as there is no separate fund to meet the expenses occurred in the case of hospitalization the officials find it hard to keep ailing prisoners at hospitals outside the jail for long.Tripathi said that the crisis of man power is also a reason due to which large number of ailing patients could not be sent outside the jail for proper treatment. He said that in the case of hospitalization of one prisoner, three constables are sent to escort him in each shift of eight hours. As against the total sanctioned positions of head constables and constables their actual strength is less, the jail administration finds it difficult to spare more than 20 cops to escort hospitalized prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668537", "title": "Artists, poets come together for an \u2018uprising of words\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: It promises to be an evening of poetry, theatre, performance and conversation as 'Bearing Witness', a collective of artists, authors, students and activists organises its first event in the city on Sunday. Called 'An Uprising of Words', the event will launch a two-in-one volume of poems by Mumbai-based poet Anju Makhija and Delhi-based writer Rizio Yohannan Raj, along with readings, interactions and performances.\"Bearing Witness came about because a group of us felt that writers and artists are celebrated delinked from their political and social setting,\" says Yohannan Raj, whose collection of poems called 'Naked by the Sabarmati and Other Guna Poems' is part of the Sahitya Akademi's double-decker volume of poetry, along with Makhija's 'Pickling Season.' \"A lot of people from across the country contributed to organising this collective. What connects us is our belief in peace, responsible protest and love,\" she says.The title poem of Raj's collection was written in Ahmedabad after the 2002 Gujarat riots and tells the story of two people trying to flee the violence. \"I see the poem as an appeal to recognise humanness in its barest form. The irony of reading such a poem in an air-conditioned hall to a select group of people can be fatal, which is why a platform such as Bearing Witness, which brings artists and audiences together in an informal setting like Chandra Mandala in Spaces is important,\" says Raj. \"The venue is significant because dancer Chandralekha, who used to live there, is a symbol of resistance,\" she said.Members of Chai Kadai, a Chennai-based collective of students, artists and scientists will perform stories from Raj's collection, which features poems about political changes in the country over the last decade. \"While the political changes are more apparent in her poems, my poems bear witness to events in my personal life,\" says Makhija, whose book 'Seeking the Beloved', a translation of Sufi saint Shah Abdul Latif's poems, won the Sahitya Akademi prize for translation in 2011. \"The 10 years during which the poems in my collection were written was a time of contrasts where on one hand I saw my parents age and die while on the other my daughter was growing and blossoming as a person,\" says Makhija.The event also will feature an interaction with Harish Nambiar, author of 'Defragmenting India: Riding a bullet through the gathering storm'. Bearing Witness: An Uprising of Words will begin at Spaces in Besant Nagar at 7pm on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12674872", "title": "Poachers kill endangered black buck in Berasia forest", "text": "BHOPAL: Nine days after the killing of a spotted deer, a black buck was reportedly shot by poachers in Berasia forest range near here, officials said on Saturday.Though the forest department flying squad members reached the spot on getting the sniff of the poachers, they couldn't save the black buck that had gone down to Deghapur village under Beraisa range to quench its thirst at a water body. The endangered animal was shot at by around 10 unidentified poachers at that time.After being hit by bullets, the black buck ran to some distance before collapsing. Though the poachers too followed it, on seeing some local persons around, they fled the spot leaving behind a big knife and other articles. Before the flying squad reached, poachers melted in the jungle.After post-mortem, the endangered animal's body has been disposed of. It died due to the gun shot injury, Bhopal sub divisional officer (Forest) S C Jain said. \"We are investigating the matter to find out the poachers,\" he said.About spotted deer killing of April four in Berasia, the SDO said 11 people have been rounded up.It appears that due to the rise in temperature, deforestation and drying up of water bodies inside the forests around the city, animals were straying into human habitat and falling prey to poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668679", "title": "17,000 acres acres of government land in Ranga Reddy district encroached", "text": "HYDERABAD: A survey conducted by Ranga Reddy district administration revealed that over 17,000 acres of government land worth thousands of crores has been encroached upon by private persons and institutions in Ranga Reddy (RR) district.The district administration has been standing as a mute spectator as the prime government land in the surrounding areas of the city went into the hands of squatters. At some places, officials hand-in glove-with land grabbers caused huge loss to the administration. Incidentally, several colonies have come up in surrounding mandals like Qutubullapur. Land-grabbers include influential people and politicians.The Ranga Reddy district administration has conducted a survey on encroachments on government land in the district and prepared a report a few months ago. The inventory report of government land in the district was also submitted to the Lok Ayukta by the district collector.Of 5.53 lakh acres (5,53,135) government land in the district, over 17,500 acres is in the possession of squatters. Of the encroached land, 13,145 acres is agriculture land and 4,368 acres non-agriculture land, especially for residential purpose. Most non-agriculture land was found to be grabbed in the peripheral areas of Greater Hyderabad like Qutubullapur, Serlingampally, Uppal, Malkajgiri and Balanagar mandals.Officials said 1,273 acres of non-agriculture land went into the hands of land-grabbers in Qutubullapur. Similarly, 967 acres was encroached upon in Serlingampally, 454 acres in Hayathnagar, 129 acres in Balanagar and 373 acres in Malkajgiri mandals. With regard to agriculture land, 2,007 acres is in the clutches of land grabbers in Shamshabad mandal and officials claim this land was converted for residential purpose and sold out to gullible people. Similarly, squatters have taken over 1,941 acres in Shamirpet, 1,072 acres in Saroornagar, 989 acres in Hayatnagar and 1,654 acres in Moinabad mandal.Sources said government land was encroached upon by private persons in the surrounding mandals as land value increased manifold and was sold to gullible people by creating fake documents.Nearly, 6,050 acres of government land has landed in litigation and 1,172 acres land is caught in legal wrangles in Serlingampally alone followed by 1,031 acres in Balanagar and 671 acres in Hayathnagar mandal. Ironically, many colonies have come up in encroached land in Qutubullapur, Balanagar and Serilingampally. With no option to recover it, the revenue department has recorded them as government land. Some people have even got their land regularised under GO 166, the officials said.\"In many layouts, land grabbers changed the survey numbers. Recently, it came to our notice that some land grabbers had changed the survey numbers in the layout and assigned private patta land survey numbers to the government land in Shamshiguda village of Balanagar mandal,\" a senior official of the land protection wing said.The wing claimed to have resumed nearly 1,000 acres government land by removing encroachments in the last few years. The registration department was also given details of government land in each mandal six years ago so that no registration would be done for government land. Ranga Reddy district collector V Seshadri was not available for comment.Of the encroached land, 13,145 acres is agriculture land and 4,368 acres non-agriculture land, especially for residential purpose. Most land was found to be grabbed in the peripheral areas of Greater Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670381", "title": "Publicity prescriptions", "text": "It is a ghastly video. Soundless and hazy, it shows a man rappelling down a tall building. Then, suddenly, he falls to his death. The camera wobbles in confusion, unable to keep up as people run helter-skelter.AMR Great Adventure Mall in Greater Noida , on an advertising overdrive, had hired that man for its curtain-raiser last Saturday when the mishap happened. There couldn't have been a worse start.Shailendra Singh Bisht died tragically. But could the mess that followed have been better managed? With more sensitivity perhaps? The company's website - which talks about the helicopter joyrides and reverse bungee jumping it will offer customers when the mall opens this summer - is yet to take note of the accident, or insert a few lines saying the mall will be doubly careful about safety in future.Rajiv Desai, CEO of PR firm Comma Consulting, says he remembers being called in for damage control by a hotel in Ahmedabad after a child had fallen through the glass roof of its atrium and died. His advice to the owners: speak to the editors of the city's newspapers, accept responsibility and enumerate clearly the safety measures being put in place.According to Shantanu Kumar, managing partner of I:Connect, if news about a disaster cannot be pre-empted, then it is in the affected company's best interests to be as upfront with the facts as possible. \"That allows you to put your version out there,\" he says.Kumar refers to the Tylenol case of 1982 in which seven people died in the US after taking the painkiller. Somebody had injected cyanide into the capsules after they had reached store shelves. Johnson &amp; Johnson, which owned Tylenol, immediately withdrew advertising for their product, made public announcements warning about the danger, and ordered a recall of all stocks from all over the US. That cost them $100 million. But in six months, they regained 70% of their marketshare.Cadbury, after some initial hesitation, also came out looking good after worms were found in a few bars of Dairy Milk in Maharashtra in October 2003. The company first tried to say the worms had got in while stored at the retailer's, but the Food and Drug Administration wondered aloud about the packaging. If the packaging had been airtight, they said, the worms wouldn't be there. Cadbury's sales dropped 30% during Diwali, when they usually shoot up.Cadbury stopped advertising. Then in January 2004, the company invested Rs 15 crore in imported machinery to upgrade their packaging. And Amitabh Bachchan, who said he trusted the brand, was brought in to endorse the product. By June, sales were back to normal. Experts say Cadbury did well to tackle the crisis head-on, rather than shy away from it.Tata Nano's is another story. They couldn't print enough booking forms to keep up with demand - until the picture of a brand-new Nano on fire appeared in newspapers in March 2010. That, says adman Prahlad Kakkar, is when Tata's PR machinery should have gone into overdrive. The Nano - if a part was faulty, says Kakkar - should have been recalled, which would only have added to the trust the Indian consumer has in the Tata brand. And, say the experts, a counter-picture of Ratan Tata driving to office in a Nano would have helped.Sources in Tata Motors say the problem was investigated, every Nano customer written to, and the problem finally traced to \"extra fitments seen in the cars that caught fire\".Meanwhile, some find it \"vulgar\" that the Greater Noida mall continued to advertise its wares on FM radio after the accident. The mall says a safety review will begin soon and Dhiraj Ahuja, director of Team Orange, the firm handling the mall's public relations, says last weekend's adventure carnival was called off once news of Bisht's death was announced.The thing about PR, then, is that it is like the traffic signal - it is important to know when to go and when to stop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "murkudoh (gondia)", "code": "12670100", "title": "Naxals urge tribals to focus on agriculture", "text": "MURKUDOH (GONDIA): Naxal philosophies echoed in the voices of the villagers from Murkudoh and Dandari in Salekasa tehsil of Gondia. The rebels stress on consolidating traditional life patterns rather than a migration to a modern culture.A Gond tribals of Murkudoh village said that the Naxals repeatedly advise the locals to follow age-old practices of agriculture. They also frequently hold meetings and organize various programmes in these hamlets where they deliver lectures on their philosophies and make the tribal generations aware of their vision and agendas.\"The most common objective that the Naxals voice repeatedly in the meetings or personal interactions is that they are keen to support the tribals in their fight for the jal (water), jangal (forest) and zameen (land),\" said a villager.\"They routinely advise us to grow enough crops and grains to ensure self-sufficiency and eradicate poverty effectively,\" the villager said and claimed that he has attended several Naxal meetings. \"Work for your self-respect is what the Naxals preach. They say that if you are a farmer then follow the profession religiously,\" he said.The Naxals also express concern on environmental degradation and fast spreading pollution. \"They highlight how diseases like cancer are fast becoming common among masses and other health complications that arise due to increase in industrial pollution,\" said another villager.The Naxals have asked the villagers to join hands and dig smaller ponds for community use rather than borewells. \"The Naxals argue that the borewells often lead to the drying of water in the jungles which are the sources for water for wildlife. They show much concern about wildlife and forest protection,\" said another villager.An elderly villager stated that the Naxals assert that their strength is increasing and influence spreading fast. \"In the last 20 years, the Naxals claim that their presence has spread to 18 states and more people are joining their cadre strength which I feel has some truth, going by the media reports,\" he said.A young farmer, who has been exposed to Naxal literature and has met their senior state leader, said that he has come across documents where exhaustive plans of development have been discussed. \"Like the government, the Naxals also have five-year plans. There are different sectors which the Naxals aim to develop for the people if they come to power,\" he said.\"They say that the war has started from the jungle but would soon spread to urban centres,\" said the villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673413", "title": "M S University's Centre for Continuing/Adult Education and Community Services to organize 'Inspirations 2012'", "text": "VADODARA: Apparels and fashion accessories designed by students of M S University will be exhibited during 'Inspirations 2012', which is being held by the Centre for Continuing/Adult Education and Community Services (CCAECS). These garments and fashion accessories have been designed by students as part of their one-year fashion designing course run by CCAECS while working in fashion outlets, factories and textile workshops.'Inspiration 2012' - We Design, We Create' is being organized on Monday between 11 am and 8 pm. If the designs prepared by students get buyers, the sale amount will go to the students directly. \"We have 89 students enrolled for the fashion designing course of which 68 students have designed the garments on various themes,\" CCAECS' in charge director professor Shirish Kulkarni informed mediapersons on Saturday.\"The exhibition-cum-sale will be held with themes like 'parrot', 'polka dots', 'around the world', 'chocolate and milk', 'color flood', 'endless journey', 'cocktail', 'Page 3', 'Tangerine pop' to name a few,\" coordinator Dr Shilpa Kapadia, who is putting up the exhibition with Swati Sutaria, Riddhi Choksey, Shweta Patel and choreographer Akash Rathod said.While works prepared on 68 themes will be put up during the exhibition, 20 students will take part on the ramp displaying works prepared on 14 themes.\"It is a platform for new upcoming talented designers of the city. We have also invited owners of boutiques from the city to see the works of our students, who have taken inspiration from vintage classics to contemporary designs to put up this exhibition,\" Kapadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670429", "title": "Nine Aravali farmhouses pulled down", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration and the pollution control board demolished nine farmhouses at Ansal's Aravali Retreat on Saturday after a recent visit by a Supreme Court-empowered committee exposed violations in these protected forests.The committee found deviations related to felling under environmental laws, excavation under the Mines Act and violations of the controlled areas Act. The state government, chief secretary and the district magistrate have been asked to file an affidavit on the matter. 'Gross violations led to action'Deputy commissioner P C Meena confirmed that nine farmhouses had been demolished. \"We found gross violations, particularly in one farmhouse. The owner has a pending prosecution for illegal felling of trees since 2009 at the Faridabad environment court. We have filed two fresh FIRs against him after the team found a pond dug in violation of Section 4, mines Act, and three illegal borewells in his farmhouse. These were dismantled.\"The remaining eight were demolished since they were recently built violating Supreme Court orders which prohibit construction in the protected forests. \"This area is a gair mumkin pahar and no construction is allowed without permissions,\" said Meena. The team found constructions like stables in one farmhouse.The DC added that there were pending cases -collective and 300 individual -against owners of both Ansal's Golden Heights and Aravali Retreat in the special environment court, Faridabad.The district administration has constituted a task force to check new constructions coming up in this area. \"This is an ongoing process. The demolition drive against these new constructions will continue as they are in violation of three acts. We will go into the legalities of the old constructions and decide on action. Police and forest pickets will be set up so that building materials cannot be taken,\" said Meena. An earlier drive was started last September when the administration found violations and matters related to land grabbing in the Golden Heights by the same builder.\"We had information about illegal felling of trees in this protected forest which is in gross violation of the Aravali notification,\" said Pradeep Yadav, regional officer, Pollution Control Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668751", "title": "Centre for Good governance report says statues on roads a public menace", "text": "HYDERABAD: A government agency report has concluded that the indiscriminate mushrooming of statues of political personalities on the state's roads are causing major traffic snarls as well as leading to fatalities. It has recommended that the political set-up, including ministers, should curtail their penchant for inaugurating statues of former chief ministers without even checking for proper permission of the concerned authorities.The concept report, prepared by the Centre for Good Governance and submitted to the state in February this year, has recommended to the government that the indiscriminate installation of statues of past chief ministers should be disallowed.In the recent past, the untimely death of former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy triggered installation spree of his statue across the state. Statues of other prominent political personalities have come up at regular intervals in the past.The CGG, a government organization which has been recognized by the centre as a premier scientific research institute, also recommended that ministers and officers should not consent to unveiling of the statues without examining the legality involved. CGG studied the statue-installation policies in UK, Canada, along with the cities of New Delhi and Chandigarh in India before finalizing the report.Even though the state issued GO (MS 55 R&B; Department) in 2003 framing the rules governing statue installation, permission was sought on very few occasions only . The report recommended that, \"automatic entitlement of all past chief ministers of the state to have their statues erected posthumously is irrational and therefore should be disregarded.\"The team of CGG visited various places in Hyderabad and found that statues, erected in the middle of the road, in Hyderabad-Srisailam road had caused many accidents and deaths. According to the report, there are nine statues on the road and three of them have caused fatal accidents leading. The team also found that home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy unveiled an illegal statue of YSR in 2010 in a dangerously narrow part of the Hyderabad-Srisailam highway. Interestingly, union minister S Jaipal Reddy was also present on the occasion. The CGG team found a veiled statue of a leader at Vattaipalli on Hyderabad-Srisailam road which caused an accident resulting in the death of a motorist in 2008.The concept paper recommended a ban on the statue erection on roads to avoid such accidents. \"Violation of the ban should be treated as punishable offence,\" the paper recommended. The study also found that statue-installation had been trivialized in Andhra Pradesh with organizers paying no attention to the aesthetic value of statue or the view of the people of the area regarding the place of erection of the statue.To avoid trivialization and some time desecration and poor maintenance of the statue, the report recommended that government should identify public places to set up statue parks as is done in Ankapur village in Nizambad district. The committee also recommended that the government should bring about a public art policy with statutory support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12674453", "title": "Restaurants cash in on tourney", "text": "RANCHI: The restaurants in the capital keep organizing food festivals in tune with the mood of local people.With the IPL fever running high in the city, restaurants are dishing out culinary delights named after the teams and the players of the tournament.Hotel Landmark at Circular road has come up with a special IPL buffet for Rs 300.The food manager of Hotel Landmark, Kaushik Gupta said, \"The first item on the buffet is named IPL special veg goli shorba. The main course consists of cuisines from states participating in the tournament.\"Every food item on the menu is associated with an IPL team, like Rajasthani laal maas (Team Jaipur) and Chicken Chettinad (Team Chennai). Similarly Kolhapuri fish curry is linked to Team Mumbai and paneer makhana curry to Team Delhi.For desserts you can dig into mishti dahi and rosogolla, associated with Team Kolkata.Kaushik said, \"The buffet spread is rolled out 7:30pm onwards and continues till 10 pm. We have installed two LCD television screens so that the customers can enjoy the platter and catch the action on the pitch at the same time.\"BNR Chanakya is another eatery in the state capital to come up with cuisines named after your favourite IPL cricketers.Manager of the restaurant, Dharamveer, said, \"Sehwag sultan, Bhajji ki googly, Virat ki boundary and Paneer Adam are some of the few IPL specialties we have. A large screen has been installed in the restaurant so people can watch live IPL matches while satisfying their appetite.\"Few restaurants and cafes in the city have also put up LCD screens to lure cricket-frenzy people.Rajeshwar, manager of Cafe Coffee Day at Capitol Hill complex said, \"We have put up screens in the cafe and people come here to enjoy live action while sipping on their cup of coffee. Some do not mind standing outside the gates of the popular cafe to watch the game owing to the shortage of space inside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679925", "title": "Hazarika comes alive on Bihu", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the first Bihu without the physical presence of Bhupen Hazarika this year, revelers tried to fill the void with impersonation of the maestro's powerful baritone by singers at various tolis in the city.Several Bihu committees in the city organized tribute programmes for the hundreds of revellers thirsting for the doyen's songs.Guwhati Bihu Sanmilani, at the historic Latasil ground, managed to recreate some of Hazarika's magic with singers doing a wonderful job of bringing the maestro's ballads to life accompanied by dhol, peppas, gogona and other traditional instruments. The event was at once nostalgic and emotional as revelers couldn't help but miss Hazarika's physical presence on Bihu, which was hitherto incomplete without the legend's inimitable zing and chutzpah, he always infused the festival with.\"On April 13 we organized a special evening in memory of Bhupenda. His son Tez Hazarika, brothers, nephews and nieces, sisters, sister-in-law and other family members attended the special programme. We had singers like Tarun Sutia, Dilip Nath, Subash Nath and Pranjal Nath singing Bhupenda's immortal songs, earning a great response from the audience,\" said Nilopam Das, cultural secretary Guwahati Bihu Sanmilani.Six months after his demise, there has been a steady increase in the number of singers who can sing and impersonate Hazarika's style and range, a trend that Hazarika may not have approved of. Dilip Nath, a singer and who can impersonate Hazarika's baritone, said, \"Once when I sang in front of him at a musical gathering many years ago, he politely chided me, advising me that I shouldn't impersonate someone else's style as it leads to losing one's own style and uniqueness. But for the past 20 years I have been singing his songs. I take it as an honour to be able to sing in a tribute programme for Bhupenda.\"Dilwar Motin, a Hajo-based singer cum impersonator said, \"I have got offers to sing Bhupenda's songs in some of the Bihu tolis. I am a great fan of his and am obsessed with his songs. I choose to sing in his style because I feel I can be closer to him, and I ask his apologies if I have made any mistakes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670261", "title": "Hyderabad man held for hoax bomb calls to IT companies", "text": "PUNE: A Hyderabad-based salesman was formally arrested by the Pune police on Saturday for making a series of hoax bomb calls to IT companies in Pune and Hyderabad on March 31.P Appala Naidu, 25, was arrested in Hyderabad the the day he made the calls on the basis of his cell phone details. On Saturday, a magisterial court in Pune sent him to police custody remand till April 16.Naidu told the police that he got the idea of making such calls on reading websites that suggested ways to become famous. On March 31, Naidu had made a series of threat calls to Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) offices at Pune and Hyderabad.TCS security consultant Yashwant Sagvekar said, \"Our receptionist Bhushan Potphode had received the call. The man said that he has planted a bomb and it will go off at 4.15 pm. We evicted nearly 1,200 employees and checked the premises. It was a hoax. The caller's cell phone number was given to the police.\" The Pune police tracked the call to Hyderabad. They contacted their counterparts in Hyderabad and Naidu was arrested on the same day. He was sent to judicial custody at Cherlapally central prison in Hyderabad.Policeman Ganesh Bhosale said that Naidu had made similar calls to Infosys offices at Hinjewadi and Hyderabad. \"We have obtained Naidu's police custody remand for two days to determine his motive behind making the calls. He speaks only Telgu. So we will arrange for an interpreter,\" Bhosale said.Assistant police inspector Ashok Sonawane said that Naidu was arrested under section 506 (2) of the Indian Penal Code.The arrest of Naidu assumes significance because the police are finding it tough to attend to hoax calls and take action against the callers, who remain unidentified in most cases.Senior police inspector Ganpat Madgulkar of the Hinjewadi police station said the police team had earlier visited Hyderabad for seeking Naidu's custody, but their plea was refused then. \"We will now seek Naidu's custody from the Yerawada police after they complete their investigations,\" Madgulkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670215", "title": "India, China in race to host Suu Kyi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh from her election to Myanmar's parliament, Aung San Suu Kyi is in great demand - both in India and China.Both the Asian giants, deeply engaged with the military regime in Naypyidaw have also been first off the block to issue invitations to Suu Kyi to visit. All eyes are on which nation she chooses to visit first.While Suu Kyi has traditional links with India - her mother was ambassador to India and she herself studied here at the Jesus and Mary Convent School and Lady Shri Ram College - sources said she would take into consideration that China has an overwhelming influence on the fate and fortunes of Myanmar.In 1992, Suu Kyi was awarded the Jawaharlal Nehru Award for International Understanding, an event that was followed by a period of frozen ties with the military junta, known as SLORC.It took India several years to reopen ties with Myanmar , during which successive Indian governments took a more realistic approach to dealing with the reclusive country.Over the next decade and half, India struggled to build ties with the Myanmar government and the country, to the extent that New Delhi came under severe Western criticism for maintaining close ties with the military regime. While India has achieved a \"balance\" of sorts in Myanmar, China's influence is far bigger.Most importantly, unlike India, China can still cause enough mischief in Myanmar's internal politics for Naypyidaw to keep Beijing in good humour. Some of the ethnic groups with which the Myanmar government is cutting deals have militias funded by China. China is worried as the West moves into a Myanmar that is undergoing reforms. Some Karen territories and some Kachin areas are still solidly pro-China , leading many to worry about the threat of blowback to reform. An unsettled China could have a similar effect on a section of hardliners within the ruling establishment, who might feel that they are losing control.Indian strategists understand this. Hence, New Delhi will have no hard feelings, if Suu Kyi chooses to grace Beijing with her first international visit. Besides, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will still be one of the first heads of government to travel to Yangon after this month's elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12668417", "title": "Welfare minister presides over day of freebies in Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: About 742 beneficiaries in the Nilgiris were given special welfare scheme articles worth Rs 77.76 lakh by the Tamil Nadu information and special welfare scheme implementation minister, KC Rajendra Balaji.The beneficiaries from Thuneri village near Ooty were given the special welfare scheme articles in a function held at Anna Stadium. About 329 sets comprising food mixers, wet grinders and induction stoves worth Rs 16.95 lakh were distributed.Further, around 413 students from various government schools in the Nilgiris were given laptops under the special schemes worth Rs. 60.71 lakh.During the previous financial year, about 29,000 beneficiaries in the Nilgiris were provided with mixers, wet grinders and stoves worth around Rs 14.94 crore while 10,654 students in the district were given laptops worth Rs 15.66 crore, said Rajendra Balaji.According to the minister, about 70% of the identified beneficiaries were given away freebies in Tamil Nadu under special welfare scheme.\"The distribution of laptops got delayed due to some production delays,\" said Balaji. However, now the production of laptops in Thailand is in full force\", he added.By May this year, distribution of articles under the special welfare scheme will be completed in Tamil Nadu, added the minister.The Nilgiris Collector, Archana Patnaik said that the administration would take all proactive measures to see that the special welfare scheme reached the beneficiaries promptly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674727", "title": "Indore: New resource centre aims at lowering malnutrition in state", "text": "INDORE: To support Atal Child Health and Nutrition Mission and tackle the problem of malnutrition in state, a divisional level nutritional resource centre was inaugurated in the community medicine department of the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College on Saturday. The centre inaugurated by minister of medical education Mahendra Hardia will support the mission on nutrition surveillance, micro planning and implementation of special schemes.The new centre that has been established at the medical college will facilitate the convergence of faculties of community medicine, pediatrics and women and child welfare department to take forward its soul objective of reducing malnutrition.\"The centre will provide technical support, advocacy support, support in decentralized district planning, training and programme implementation. Various departments are working in lowering the malnutrition rate but in different direction. The centre has been set up to converge all departments and collaboratively working in the same direction,\" said Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, community medicine.In order to improve the nutrition and health status of children, state government in August last year had felt the need for setting up nutrition resource centres at all government medical colleges. The government has planned to take convergent action for effective and integrated service delivery with a focus on children below two years, pregnant women and adolescent girls.The nutrition resource centres have been established at two levels - state and divisional levels - in the community medicine departments. The pediatric departments will provide support as per the requirements of the resource centres. The State Nutrition Resource Centre (SNRC) will be the nodal unit which will coordinate with the mission office and the division level nutrition resource centers (DNRCs).The SNRC, based at Bhopal's Gandhi Medical College, will also be responsible for the above activities as well as for the capacity building of divisional nutrition resource centers, home science colleges and training institutions of DWCD and health departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12673865", "title": "Rich tributes paid to Ambedkar", "text": "DHARWAD: Rich tributes were paid to Dr B R Ambedkar on his 121st birth anniversary celebrated at Dharwad on Saturday. An attractive procession of Dr Ambedkar's portrait was the highlight of the celebration.At a function organized jointly by the district administration, zilla panchayat, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation and department of social welfare at Karnatak Vidyavardhaka Sangha here Minister in charge of Dharwad district Jagadish Shettar offered floral tribute to the portrait of Dr Ambedkar.Speaking on the occasion, Shettar said, the only way to make the people from downtrodden section lead a dignified self reliant life was to educate them. The befitting tribute to Babasaheb Ambedkar would be to help the people from socially and economically weaker sections is to empower them with knowledge, he said.MP Prahlad Joshi called upon the youths to work towards uplifting the downtrodden and help the nation develop. He recalled the efforts of Ambedkar for the cause of underprivileged and his role in drafting the Constitution of India.MLA Seema Masuti , ZP president Adiveppa Manami, Ashok Katwe, deputy commissioner Darpan Jain, Hubli-Dharwad Police Commissioner K Ramchandrarao were present. Buddhist monks from Mundgod also offered flowers to the portrait of Ambedkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673570", "title": "City witnessing rise in respiratory ailment cases", "text": "KANPUR:The city hospitals are witnessing an increase in respiratory ailments cases these days due to hot weather conditions prevailing in the region. The dug-up roads, choking on dust is adding to the woes people who are facing respiratory troubles because of the same.\"With the change in weather, the threat of respiratory diseases has started looming large. Heavy blowing winds and dust have made the life of commuters and Asthma patients miserable in city,' said Dr RP Singh, TB and chest specialist at Lala Lajpta Rai hospital.The expert further informed that the Outpatient Department (OPD) of LLR is witnessing more then 40 to 60 extra cases related to respiratory and lung ailments nowadays. The number of asthma patients have also increased with changing weather patterns.\"The dust particles aggravate allergic bronchitis and asthma, but the long term impact of other allergens like suspended particulate matter (SPM) and respirable SPM coming out from other sources even threaten chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients, if exposed for longer period,\" he added.If the reports of chest consultants are to be believed, these particles also harm pregnant women and their foetus. Patients should try to either remain indoor or use breathing mask if available. These particles also harm the conditions of patients with mental disease (controlled on medication).Dr Anil Nigam, chest specialist at Ursala Horseman Hospital said that the rise in respiratory ailments mainly happens due to the particulate matter in smog that triggers asthma in individuals allergic to it. The expert points out that sudden variations in temperatures is harmful for children as well.It is important to mention here that as per the outpatient records of the UHM and other district hospitals, the chest specialists are observing nearly 30 to 50 increased cases everyday. Also, among all the patients, at least 30% are children.Patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) are also finding the conditions difficult to tackle.The ongoing digging work under Jawharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is adding dust to environment.\" Meanwhile, the denizens are also not likely to get a respite from weather conditions that has witnessed the return of windy and dusty conditions after a short spell of overcast conditions. According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the low humidity and windy conditions are likely to prevail for some more days and there are no signs of western disturbances casting shadows over east UP region soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12677206", "title": "CAG to audit MNREGS in 12 states, says Jairam Ramesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Twelve states, including Madhya Pradesh , will go under the CAG scanner to audit alleged corruption and irregularities in the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS), a pet project of the UPA Centre.Out of the 12 states to be investigated, at least four are BJP-ruled, which are going to the polls in the next 18 months. BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh , Gujarat, Karnataka go to the ballot boxes through 2012-13 - all these states are likely to be reviewed for alleged corruption in implementation of NREGA.Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said here on Sunday ``The CAG has met thrice to discuss the implementation of MGNREGA and the alleged irregularities. It is an independent body that will investigate the spending of the MGNREGA funds in the 12 heavy spending states which receive nearly 85 per cent of the project's budget.''He defended MNREGS in four Congress states Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , Rajasthan and Assam would also be audited. However among the Congress ruled states, only Rajasthan elections are due on November 2013.MGNREGA funds became a major issue and the Congress' ammunition against Mayawati government before the February 2012 Uttar Pradesh elections. Three months before UP polls, Jairam Ramesh wrote a letter to the then chief minister Mayawati and challenged her to order a CBI probe into alleged financial bungling in the implementation of the project. At the state Congress office on Sunday afternoon, Ramesh quipped ``I can call for a CBI inquiry but I don't believe in imposing financial restrictions on any state.''Ramesh argued that the Centre has allotted Rs 99,000 crores for rural development in current fiscal year. ``It is public money and since we are allocating huge funds to the state governments to alleviate poverty and generate wage employment, we have a right to question whether the funds are being properly utilised,'' he said. ``I want to work with the states and with huge financing being done, we also have a right to probe. What action will be initiated against those involved in embezzlement of funds will be decided by the state government.''Justifying his stand for CAG audit he said: ``Irregularities knows no politics. I will meet chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and remind him that he has still not appointed an ombudsman for MGNREGA.''The Union minister also claimed that the reformed NREGA 2.0 will be in place by end of May. Two months after he took charge as rural development minister, Ramesh had unveiled a modified version of the project with the help of Planning Commission member Mihir Shah and called it NREGA 2.0. New guidelines have been formulated under NREGA 2.0 which will actually work and minimise corruption. ``Thirty new works have been included under the NREGA 2.0 out of which 27 are connected to agriculture and its productivity,'' he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669439", "title": "Blow to Ajit Singh as key aide quits Rashtriya Lok Dal", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a blow to Ajit Singh led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD), key leader of the party Kokab Hamid resigned on Saturday. A sharp decline in the vote share leading to party's debacle in UP assembly polls is cited to be the reason behind his exit. Hamid, who contested from Bagpat constituency, too lost the seat.Interestingly, his resignation comes barely two days after RLD announced Chaudhary Mushtaq Ahmad as its candidate for legislative council polls. RLD sources said that Kokab has been demanding an MLC ticket, which was denied to him by the party top leadership.Sources also added that Kokab may opt for Samajwadi Party which was seeking to field another candidate in the legislative council. With Bukhari episode forcing SP supremo Mulayam Singh and Akhileshh Yadav to increase Muslim representation in the cabinet as well as in the legislative council, Kokab joining SP could not ruled out.Speaking to TOI, Kokab, however, said that as of now he was not planning to join any political party. \"I have all regards for Ajit Singh. But over a period of time, the vote base of the party has seen a sharp plunge,\" he said. Even our base vote comprising Jats has eroded over a period of time. Jats are now going with other parties. That became even more evident in the assembly elections,\" he said.\"Somehow they (Jats) are not satisfied with the policies of the RLD. And that is the most worrisome part,\" he said. Hamid refused to comment if the alliance with the Congress was the reason behind RLD debacle. RLD had contested UP assembly elections in alliance with the Congress. However, the alliance appeared not to have not worked for the RLD, which was initially eyeing an alliance with the SP.In 2007, RLD won 10 seats. However, in 2012 party seats were reduced to eight. In fact, many of the senior leaders, including Kokab, RLD state president Baba Hardev Singh and Yakoob Qureshi lost the elections leaving the party leadership in complete disarray.RLD's one time powerful leader, Anuradha Chaudhary too had left the party and joined SP, barely a month before the state went to polls. Chaudhary had alleged Ajit Singh of compromising with the interests of the party for the sake of a cabinet berth at the centre.Kokab Hamid has been tourism minister in the RLD-SP combine government in Uttar Pradesh 2003. He has been associated with Ajit Singh since 1996 when the Jat leader left the Congress in 1996 and formed the Rashtriya Lok Dal.Sources also added that Kokab may opt for Samajwadi Party which was seeking to field another candidate in the Legislative Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12670046", "title": "Committee may put commissioner through the wringer", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal is likely to face a testing time in the standing committee meeting to be held on April 17 when the proposal of M/s Cartel Outdoor Advertising is expected to be discussed. The proposal is pending for the last 20 months.The agenda for the meeting was finalized on Friday. Six other proposals are also to be discussed too.Amid allegations of scams in NMC's advertisement department from both ruling and opposition groups, the proposal to give various types of relaxations to the agency came before the standing committee 20 months back. However, considering the nature of the proposal, the past two standing committees headed by Sandip Joshi had kept it in abeyance.In the last meeting held on April 2, the standing committee headed by Dayashankar Tiwari also kept the proposal pending citing failure of the officials to satisfy certain queries. Later, Tiwari had expressed surprise over it saying it appears no officials were standing by proposal and decision may come up after getting proper replies by the municipal commissioner himself in the next meeting.The proposal had been prepared and approved by the administration before sending it to the standing committee during the tenure of past municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. It would now be interesting to see what emerges from the discussion.The decision on the proposal is very crucial for the NMC as it has resulted in a loss of Rs 6 lakh per month. The agency is paying just Rs 10.50 lakh per month to NMC instead of Rs 16.11 lakh it had promised to pay while winning the contract.Among the remaining five proposals coming for discussion, three are new proposals including work order of new octroi building at Khapri at the cost of Rs 2.55 crore, tar road work in ward-88 and transfer of lease and user change related to a plot in Congress Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12678343", "title": "Farooq Abdullah pays obeisance at Golden Temple in Amritsar", "text": "AMRITSAR: Union minister Farooq Abdullah today paid obeisance at Golden Temple here.After paying the homage, Abdullah visited langar (community kitchen) and inspected the solar heating plant and solar energy plant here.\"Recently installed solar energy plant was operating successfully and producing 25 megawatt electricity for the Golden Temple,\" said the Union minister for new and renewable energy.One more plant was also being installed by the Centre, which would produce electricity in bulk and would enable the temple to meet demand of electricity up to good extent, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669457", "title": "High court allows students to appear in Indian School Certificate exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief to three class XII students of St Francis' College, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court permitted them to appear in the examinations and directed the college to issue admit cards.Three students; Faraz Talha, Eshaan Singh, and Shrestha Mishra were 'precluded' from participating in the ISC (Indian School Certificate) exam 2012 on the grounds that there was shortage of attendance, which is below 60%.Permitting the students to appear in the examinations, Justice SS Chauhan said that the college cannot come forward to complain that there was shortage of attendance, when the students were involved in curricular activities of the college.However, the students already took the exams on the basis of an interim order given by the court. According to the petitioner, the students were incorrectly marked in the attendance register.The three students have been associated to the college's cricket team and were representing the schools the days they have been marked absent by their respective class teachers.The petitioners also argued that the college allowed the students to take up the home and pre-board examinations despite shortage of attendance.Counsel for the college had argued that the shortage of attendance was properly explained, and the petitioners claim that their attendance was not short, is not established from the record.The entries made in the attendance register were correct and cannot be disputed.Also, as per the rules of Indian School Certificate Examination (ICSE), the attendance can be condoned up to 60%. The defendant also said that the students have been marked present during the period when they were on field.The court, after considering the material on record and pleadings of the parties, ruled out the shortage of attendance. It also said that the petitioners are studying since nursery in the college and their conduct has always been exemplary. No complaint has been received against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670281", "title": "Rain relief from scorching sun, standing crops suffer", "text": "JAIPUR: Dark clouds covering the sky and light to heavy rainfall turned the weather pleasant in various parts of the state on Saturday. Jaipur too witnessed a fall in the mercury level as it received 9.5mm rainfall till Saturday morning which brought respite to the denizens from the scorching sun.A couple of days ago, the maximum temperature was soaring as high as 40 degrees Celsius but in the last two days, it has come down to 32.8 degrees Celsius.Met officials said on Sunday too, there are possibilities that the weather would remain the same. \"There is possibility of showers and dark clouds to keep the weather pleasant in the city. It is not for Jaipur only but in other parts of the state too that the same weather condition is likely to prevail,\" an official said.He said showers and duststorms would also hit isolated places in the state.Till Saturday morning, Ajmer, Vanasthali, Jaisalmer and Jodhpur received rainfall apart from Jaipur. The capital city received a maximum rainfall of 20.6 mm, Ajmer 4.6 mm, Vanasthali 5.2 mm and Jodhpur received 17.6 mm of rainfall.City residents who had started using ACs and coolers had to turn them off due to the sudden fall in temperature. Being weekend and pleasant weather, picnic spots in the city were flooded by residents. Crowds were witnessed at Nahargarh, Jal Mahal and other picnic spots.The unseasonal rain might have turned the weather pleasant but it has taken a toll on the crops in the state. An agriculture department official said though most of the wheat crop has been harvested but there are some standing crops of wheat, cumin and vegetables which are affected badly in Sikar, Nagaur and Alwar. \"The quantity of wheat which has not been harvested yet would be affected,\" the official said.Sources said the rain has also affected the crops in Baran, Kota and Jhalawar too. During the last two days, some of the areas in the state including Jaisalmer and Pali received hailstorm, which also had a negative impact on the crops.The agriculture department officials claimed that if the rain continues for some more days it would further affect the standing crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12670080", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation blames 'cop' for sabotaging traffic signal", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC's traffic department has lodged a verbal complaint against an unidentified traffic cop attached to traffic west office for allegedly sabotaging the traffic signal at Mangaldeep T-point on the busy Residency Road. The complaint was lodged with commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade and municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal.Traffic engineer Nasir Khan said that a delegation of residents from Sadar had submitted a memorandum to the municipal commissioner and DCP (traffic), asking for a traffic signal at the busy T-point.In their memorandum, they pointed out that riding on Residency Road and crossing the T-point is a Herculean task. From dawn to dusk, this is the only T-point where a minor traffic snarl can affect traffic right from RBI Square to the other side, up to Chhaoni, Mankapur and Gittikhadan as well. However, the traffic police failed to ensure smooth movement of vehicles on this busy road, the residents had pointed out.This suggestion by residents have been opposed by shopkeepers on the road, who did not want signals. However, NMC, after a nod from DCP (traffic), spent Rs 3.50 lakh and replaced the defunct signals with LED signals at the spot.However, recently a traffic cop deputed at this T-point allegedly sabotaged the signal, claimed SP Kayarkar, private contractor maintaining traffic signals of the city.\"It came to light when our men went to investigate the reason behind the signal not working, and were shocked to find the wires removed,\" he said. \"Earlier, we used to find switch being turned off frequently, that too was being done by the traffic cops, as only they have access to the controller,\" he pointed out.\"However, this time they have sabotaged the controller by cutting the electric connection,\" he said. DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade confirmed that he has received a complaint from NMC. When asked if any action was taken against any cop, he just said that the snag has been repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670617", "title": "Gurgaon parks getting a facelift", "text": "GURGAON: As a step forward in the beautification of the city, the horticulture wing of HUDA has started work on the facelift of parks in various HUDA sectors in which the boundary walls of the parks would be painted attractively, new swings would be installed and structures made of rock would be installed.The move is in keeping with an ambitious plan to increase the green cover in the city with plantation of more and more trees in the upcoming HUDA sectors. The officials claim that different types of trees are planted during the plantation drives. Moreover, the flower beds are being improved in the HUDA parks all over the city. According to the officials with the horticulture department, the plantation target for the year 2011-2012 was more than 41,000 trees. During the year different saplings and flower beds were planted and the target was achieved with very little mortality.Following a directive of the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , to the horticulture wing, more than 25,000 saplings have been planted in the HUDA parks. According to the directive, the parks have been undergoing a facelift and will get a complete makeover in the coming days with more and more flowers blooming and new swings in place.\"People should feel overjoyed in the parks blooming with the greenery. Many more trees will be planted in the parks and the green belts all over the city. Structures made of rock from Rajasthan such as elephants, horses and dinosaurs will be installed in the parks,\" said the HUDA administrator.Kumar also visited a few parks in the past few weeks and gave instructions to the department to give a colourful look to those parks within the periphery of HUDA. The administrator also sought a clarification from the executive engineer concerned for the depleted condition of the parks. The work of painting the boundary walls has already started at Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Park, popularly known as HUDA garden. The executive engineer of the horticulture wing has sought one week's time to complete the painting work of the parks and the renovation work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670571", "title": "New year celebrations add glitz to tradition", "text": "As the weekend unfolded, people of Assamese , Oriya, Malayalee and Tamilian origin in the Mumbai region celebrated the Hindu new year at the start of Vaishakh. On Saturday evening, performing artistes from Orissa were invited to sing and dance at a grand Mahavishubh Sankranti soiree at Odisha Bhavan in Vashi.\"Festivities will begin with a drama performance and after the musical event we will round off celberations with a traditional Oriya feast,\" said Dipti Pati, treasurer of the Bombay Oriya Women's Association (BOWA), which organized the event.\"The Assam Association is also hosting a series of Rongali Bihu functions across Panvel, Kharghar and Goregaon this weekend and the next that which will include cultural shows and traditional Bihu songs,\" said U C Deori, a member of the association.Unlike Onam or Pongal which are celebrated by Keralites and Tamilians of all religious denominations, Vishu and Puthandu are Hindu observances.Tamilians celebrated Puthandu Vazthukal on Friday with a visit to the temple.The pretty 'kolam' or rangoli made from rice powder greeted visitors at the Koparkhairane house of Prof. Meenakshi Venkatesh of SIES College. \"The main purpose of celebrating any festival is to hand the baton of tradition to the younger generation. I prepared the traditional feast comprising both bitter and sweet preparations like 'neem rasam' and 'pachadi' (salad) and told my daughters to take the experiences that life brings in their stride and digest them,\" Venaktesh said.Also in Navi Mumbai, the Nair Service Society is hosting a community Vishu celebration on Sunday. On Friday night, wife of G Ramachandran , president of the Seawoods Malayali Samajam , set out an array of auspicious items like the yellow 'kani konna' flowers that symbolize gold for Saturday's Vishukani sighting.\"As each member of the family awoke this morning, we were asked not to open our eyes before being led before the idol of Shri Krishna ,\" said Ramachandran. \"The elaborate Vishukani was the first thing we laid our eyes upon.\" The town also witnessed a five-day-long Baisakhi procession starting April 8 that culminated April 13.\"We had invited 'kirtankars ' from Punjab and around 8,000 Punjabis and Sindhis arrived to seek blessings at local gurudwaras,\" said Sardar Mehar Singh Randhawa, general secretary of the gurudwara's supreme council. On another festive note, various street corners as well as vast grounds witnessed fond memorials to Babasaheb Ambedkar whose 121st birth anniversary fell on April 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672819", "title": "I haven\u2019t felt hungry or sleepy: Anuj Tiku", "text": "It's been more than five days since Anuj Tiku has gone home, but the bespectacled 38-year-old isn't missing it.He is still wearing the same black Nirvana tee, black trousers and floaters that he's been in for the past three days, and is oblivious to how profusely he's been sweating. \"I haven't felt like returning home. Just as I haven't felt hungry or sleepy,\" he says.Less than a week ago, Anuj's father, 62-year-old Arunkumar Tiku, was murdered by three men - Vijay Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh - who Anuj regarded as his friends. While the cops have been busy sniffing out the accused, Anuj has been pacing up and down a dingy corridor inside Oshiwara police station, looking like he's seen a ghost. \"I was so attached to Dad. I'm all alone now. To trust them, take them to be my friends - that was my mistake.\"The fledgling actor has since plunged into depression , and it's not hard to see why. As the only child of the Tikus, a Kashmiri family that settled in Uttarakhand more than six decades ago, Anuj was kept away from life's hardships.He excelled in school, completed his engineering from a college in Manchester and studied management at Ghaziabad's IMT before turning into a banker. Having decided that his future wasn't in a corner office, he moved to the city in 2005 - like so many others, to chase the Bollywood dream. His duffer-meets-geek looks helped him bag bit-part roles in big-banner films such as Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi and No One Killed Jessica, apart from the odd TV commercial (\"This is bizarre,\" he says, \"This is worse than what happens in the movies.\")Four years ago, when his mother passed away, Anuj moved from his Bandra home to the Lokhandwala residence that his father purchased - three flats on the first floor merged into one. It was this flat that the three killers wanted to usurp by killing both father and son.Anuj says he was ignorant about his friend Vijay Palande's notorious appetite for crime, or the fact that he had served nine years in prison in a 1999 murder case of a union leader. He says he never saw through the trio's plot. \"The tragedy is I never saw that they were murderers wearing masks of civility. Their masks came off too late.\"When the police confronted him with his father's killers, or as he sarcastically calls them, \"friends\", Anuj couldn't hold back his emotions. \"They brought Palande before me and I screamed out at him - You are a murderer... a murderer who never deserved a friend like me'. He (Palande) didn't even look me in the eye. Shameless. Looking at them fills me with disgust.\"Having chosen the darkest corner in the police station's vicinity to puff away vacantly, he flashes his pinky at the cops each time he goes to the loo.An officer, who's watched him for three days, says, \"Imagine somebody like Anuj -- who has four servants to tend to him at home and has always lived in comfort - trying to make sense of this tragedy. He is totally lost.\"According to the police, Anuj has been grappling with drug abuse and until recently, was under psychiatric treatment at Jaipur. His father Arunkumar's pressing concern though was that he quit films and start some business.In fact, his father and he had a huge fight when Arunkumar learnt that Anuj had taken in paying guests (Shinde and Gajkosh), something which the society objected to, and to deal with which he had to fly down from Delhi.On the day his father was killed, cops say, Palande got him to accompany him to a Goa casino. Anuj - who was initially a suspect in the case - doesn't want to talk about the gory details. \"It was a strange co-incidence that I lost my cell phone around this time,\" is all he says, referring to why his phone was 'switched off' during that time.So haven't his friends or relatives been by his side through this ordeal? \"I have some friends...\" he trails off. \"As for relatives, they flew down from Delhi for the funeral on Wednesday. I'll go to Delhi in a few days. I don't feel like being here in Mumbai, at least for now.\"A little past 11 pm, Anuj steps out of the police station and slowly trudges towards his home. He is alone but for a young boy the police has sent along to wipe off the blood stains from his home. As he enters a dark lane, Anuj half-lifts his hand and says, \"This is how my future looks now - dark and pointless. Dad was all I had.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670361", "title": "Study on BRT corridor begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: In compliance with Delhi high court's order, the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) has started its study on the BRT. It will take them six weeks to test the viability of the corridor between Moolchand and Ambedkar Nagar, after which they will submit their report in court.While CRRI officials remained tight-lipped about the study, sources said the agency is observing the usage pattern of the bus, non-motorized vehicle and private vehicle lanes and have currently put the signals on automatic mode, even in peak hours, to study how traffic is affected.The court had suggested that the bus lanes be opened for private vehicle movement during the course of the study.Earlier, signals at Chirag Dilli and Siri Fort intersections had to be manually monitored during peak hours after the intelligent signalling system could not regulate heavy traffic movement at these junctions. On Friday, the automatic signal mode had resulted in spiralling traffic jams all along the BRT corridor, leaving commuters fuming.Traffic police won't issue any advisory about possible jams in the corridor during the duration of the study. \"The agency is conducting the exercise as per court guidelines and issuing an advisory will not serve the purpose of the study. We are merely facilitating the study in whatever way required and will cooperate with the agencies concerned so that a proper study is conducted,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The court had earlier directed the state government to carry out a scientific study to ascertain the effectiveness of BRT system, which has drawn criticism for causing traffic snarls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669627", "title": "Man wanted in Sonia De killing case nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city special operations group (SOG) arrested a man wanted in Sonia De murder case. Paras Padhya, a native of Siddhpur, was allegedly involved in the conspiracy to kill De, leader of a faction of eunuchs in the city. According to investigators, Padhya's mobile SIM card was used by Sanju Masi, leader of another faction, to make calls to instruct the killers.De was shot dead by sharpshooters near Roopalee cinema on November 24 night when she went there to meet one of her associates. An investigation by city crime branch revealed that the murder was handiwork of her arch rival Sanju Masi who was at loggerheads with her over territory issue for collecting money. Police have so far arrested seven persons in the case.On Friday, a team of SOG got a tip-off that one of the absconding accused in the case was to come near Indira Bridge. On the basis of the information, they kept a watch in the afternoon and caught Padhya, 38, a resident of Siddhpur, from Sardarnagar circle, Hansol.\"Padhya was very close to Sanju Masi and knew her for past 12 years. Whenever he came to Ahmedabad, he used to stay at her place. He was also aware of the rivalry between the two factions of eunuchs and was deeply hurt when Sanju Masi was hospitalized after near-fatal acid attack allegedly carried out by De's group. When Sanju made plan to gun down Sonia, he was one of the insiders,\" said an SOG official.The meeting took place five months back where Sanju and her close associates including Shahzad Chhipa, Ghumansingh alias Renu, Wasim alias Vasu and Paras were present. Chhipa got Ganesh from Madhya Pradesh with gun to carry out the operation whereas Paras provided the logistic support and provided his SIM card for making calls.\"He was staying at a temple in Unjha as a sevak for the past four months under the name of Raju as he knew that police were searching for him. We have handed him over to Karanj police for further investigation,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673988", "title": "Committee set up to address water woes", "text": "MYSORE: A week after chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda stepped in to address the water crisis in Mysore, the district administration has constituted a committee to handle the situation.The water management committee is headed by Suresh Babu, superintending engineer (JnNURM) at Mysore City Corporation. An official of the rank of executive engineer has been put in charge of each of the three assembly segments, and he will be assisted by engineers and water inspectors.On April 7, the CM had asked the district administration to take control of the drinking water supply after he was complained that Jameshdpur Utilities and Services Company, which is overhauling the water distribution network, is not performing up to the mark.DC P S Vastrad has asked the committee to seek assistance of officials from other departments in managing the water problem, which is expected to increase with the water level at Krishnarajasagar dam, the main supplying point.The water is being drawn for irrigation purpose too, while the level is over 11 feet less than what it was during the corresponding period last year. The quantum of water available is also half of what it was during the same period in 2011.The committee has been asked to focus on the water management and subject the water supplied through borewells. It is asked to rejuvenate the defunct tubewells and repair the needy borewells. Mysore district minister S A Ramdas has directed the panel to review the situation on a daily basis and report to him. But there is lack of clarity on the areas that fall under Chamundeshwari assembly segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670629", "title": "Cops refuse to file case after youth loses belongings", "text": "MUMBAI: This is another example of the police's failure to take citizens' complaints seriously .Had the police registered an FIR into 25-year-old Golak Patra's theft complaint and investigated, his hard-earned Rs 35,000 could have been saved . Patra, a delivery boy with a mobile service provider, has been running from pillar to post to get a case lodged for his stolen belongings, but all that the police have done is given him a certificate.Patra said the certificate said he had lost his mobile and he could use it to get a new SIM card.The incident occurred on February 11, when Golak, a resident of Kamraj Nagar in Dharavi, was away at work. Golak, who hails from a village in Odisha, earns Re 1 for every mobile bill he delivers to clients. \"On that day, I went to work and my old uncle, who had come from the village, was at home. When I returned in the evening, he told me that Govind Panda, a neighbour, came over and took away my belongings including PAN card, driving licence, Canara Bank cheque as well as pass books, a mobile and an LIC policy,\" said Golak.He lodged a complaint with the Dharavi police against Panda and said he feared the accused would misuse the cheque book. \"The officer merely registered an NC offence and handed him a certificate for which he charged him Rs 70. I gave them Panda's address and cell number,\" said Patra's friend, Paul.A few weeks later, Golak again went back to the police station but allegedly did not get any response. On March 28, Golak found at Canara Bank's Thane branch that Rs 35,000 had been transferred in three installments to Panda's account in Union Bank in Odisha ; Panda had allegedly forged his signature. On March 30, Golak went to the Dharavi police station, with a complaint of cheating and forgery, but police allegedly gave him another \"mobile\" certificate.Dharavi senior inspector Ashok Survegandh said, \"I don't know about this. I will definitely look into it... Ask him to meet me and I'll help him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668655", "title": "Pipeline leak affects water supply in several areas", "text": "HYDERABAD: A water pipeline suffered leakage when Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) authorities were sinking a bore well near PVNR expressway Pier No 268 in Aramgarh. Due to this, there will be short or delayed water supply to Rajendranagar, Attapur, Kishanbagh, Nandimuslaiguda, Hashma hall, Kondareddyguda and Prashasan Nagar on Sunday. Water supply may be restored by Sunday evening.\"The leakage came to light when HMDA authorities alerted us on Saturday at around 9 am. They had proposed to sink a bore well near pier No. 268 (Aramgarh junction) to supply water for greenery proposed between the piers of expressway. They brought a rig and started drilling the earth. The rig machine pierced the Krishna water pipeline and it started leaking immediately,\" Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) chief general manager, transmission, V Visweswaraiah told STOI. The rig machine driver fled from the spot. A complaint was lodged at the Rajendranagar police against the rig owner, the official added.The HMDA authorities have agreed to pay compensation for the damaged pipeline. According to preliminary estimates, the cost of the damaged pipeline could be around Rs four lakhs. The damaged pipeline will be replaced on Sunday. As a result, water supply will be affected in areas covered under the Rajendranagar division,\" he added.There will be short or delayed water supply to areas covered under the Rajendranagar division but normal supply will be restored by Sunday evening", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675194", "title": "Kin role in 5-yr-old boy\u2019s murder being probed", "text": "BHOPAL: Involvement of a family member in the murder of the five-year-old boy is being investigated. The boy was found dead on the Penchvalley Express on April 12.The deceased, Vikas, was found crushed between the berths. The Betul GRP had recovered the body. A missing person report was also registered with the Bairagarh police station.When his parents Kashish and Satish reached Betul to recover the body on Saturday, the two reportedly levelled charges of murder against each other. The investigating officials said the two had separated sometime ago.GRP town inspector JN Bisnoi said, \"Both accused each other of murdering the minor. The post-mortem report confirmed that the boy died of poisoning. It is suspected the body was dumped on the train after poisoning him. The statements of other passengers on the train had also indicated a foul play,\" he added.The case would now be transferred to Bairagarh as the missing person report is registered here, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669936", "title": "Government will look into Bihar Industries Association demands: Official", "text": "PATNA: The government will pay heed to the Bihar industrialists' demands of VAT reimbursement, relaxation in commercial taxes and allowing them to create their own industrial areas, among others, to boost industrial growth in the state, said principal secretary, industries, Alok Kumar Sinha, at an interactive session with members of Bihar Industries Association (BIA) here on Saturday.Sinha said he would call a meeting next week of officials of his department to discuss the suggestions made by the BIA members for industrial development in the state. He also assured the BIA members to arrange their meeting with Bihar State Electricity Board ( BSEB) officials to discuss their demand for reducing power tariff for industries.BIA president K P S Keshri urged the government to act as a facilitator in the industrial growth to speed up the process with proper implementation of Industrial policy, 2011. He urged the different government departments to maintain the Purchase Preference Policy and give preference to local industries in purchasing their products.Keshri said the government should allow private sector to create its own industrial areas by developing industrial clusters on the land purchased by them. Creation of equity fund to spur industrial growth and raising corpus fund for reviving sick industries were the need of the hour, he said.He demanded the formation of a mining company under the PPP mode or in the government sector to get coal blocks by bidding in national-level tenders for creating a coal supply line for the power sector in the state. He also demanded a share to Bihar in the gas supply through the Haldia-Jagdishpur pipeline.A representative of Riga Sugar Mill, R G Verma, requested Sinha to chalk out an ethanol policy for the benefit of sugar mills and sugarcane growers.Former BIA vice-president Sunil Kumar Singh demanded creation of a cargo complex with facilities for fast movement of perishable fruits and other horticulture products to different destinations in the country. Others who gave their suggestions included BIA taxation sub-committee chairman S S Khadaria and the president of its policy implementation sub-committee, G P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669676", "title": "Wife booked for murder after post-mortem report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 43-year old woman was booked by Amraiwadi police officials on Friday for staging her husband's murder as an accident. Police are now trying to know the reason for the act.According to Amraiwadi police officials, they had registered an accidental death on Thursday when a woman, Lakshmi Shrimali, 43, a resident of Bal Bhavan, Dungarji ni chali, Khokhra, brought her husband Arvind , 47, in a critical condition at LG Hospital for treatment. The doctors on duty declared him brought dead. As the matter looked suspicious, city police sent the body for post-mortem and registered a case of accidental death.\"We received the post-mortem report on Friday that stated reason for death as excessive bleeding after sharp wounds. As per the experts, such wounds would only take place if the man is assaulted intentionally. We then started investigation and got to know that the couple involved in the case did not share a great rapport and nearby residents told us that they used to fight a lot. Even on Thursday afternoon before the incident took place, they had heard the couple fighting,\" said MD Upadhyay, inspector of Amraiwadi police station.He added that Lakshmiben is currently being questioned about the motive for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669180", "title": "Lives at risk as felling of 'dangerous' trees awaits nod", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Had the civic body and UT administration carried out the felling of over 300 trees, which were declared dangerous six months ago, perhaps the storm that hit the city and uprooted some trees could have caused less damage to vehicles and not blocked roads.The reason why the Municipal Corporation and administration have failed to cut the dangerous trees is that the authorities have not been able to finalise the labour cost for felling these.Following a number of public complaints, MC and UT conducted a combined survey in 2011 and found that there are 328 such trees, which need immediate removal otherwise these could lead to loss of life and property. The fact was discussed in the monthly house meeting of MC in September 2011, when almost all municipal councillors had raised the issue. At that time the then municipal commissioner had informed the house that the felling of the trees will be started soon, but till today nothing happened in this regard.Executive engineer of MC Jaipal Singh told TOI, \"Permission is yet to come regarding the cutting of trees as the labour charge for this task is yet to be finalized. We are working on it and things will be completed soon\",Meanwhile washing its hands off the problem, UT chief engineer S K Chadha said, \"Cutting of trees is purely the work of MC and UT's engineering department has nothing to do with it.\"To quote one instance of such trees posing a threat to people, 73-year-old retired executive engineer R C Sethi has been running from pillar to post from last over four years and has written over half a dozen letter to the both MC and UT to cut a 54 feet height termite infested tree hanging over his house.\"I have been perusing the case from last over four years to cut the termite affected tree as it has gone above the height of my house and can cause damage to me or my family any time and even MC admitted the fact, but the efforts have gone in vain,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12674471", "title": "State may get own nuclear power plant", "text": "SINDRI: The department of atomic energy is mulling over the idea of setting up a small nuclear power plant in Jharkhand in the future. Atomic Energy Commission chairman and secretary of Department of Atomic Energy Srikumar Banerjee made this statement. He said, since the uranium being used in nuclear reactors of the nation is procured from mines in Jharkhand, the department may think about setting up a plant here. However, he added that there was no such plan in the pipeline yet.Speaking at the inaugural session of the two-day national seminar on \"Indian nuclear power programme - opportunities and challenges\" at BIT here, Banerjee said, \"Nuclear power plants require huge quantity of water. This is precisely why all major nuclear power plants have been set up in coastal areas and we can't think of setting large nuclear power plants in Jharkhand.\"Terming the fear of radiation leakage from nuclear power plants unfounded, he said, \"After use of nearly 14000 reactors every year, there have been three accidents and just 60 radiation related causalities in the world. In India, it has occurred only once when radioactive material from Delhi University came out with the scrap.\"He claimed that Fukushima (Japan) like incident will never take place in the country as safety measures adopted here was up to date with four tiers of cooling system. There is also provision for making cold water available to the reactors directly in case of natural calamities. Besides, all the power plants have passive cooling system in place which does not require electricity.In the upcoming Kudankulam nuclear power plant provision of air cooling has also been made to keep the reactors cool in case of any eventuality.Even core catchers have been installed to segregate molten parts in the reactor, he informed. In Fukushima, the fault line was just 140km away while in India it is situated 1400km away at Sumatra on one side and 1000km away at Makrana on the other, he added.Banerjee believes, opposition against nuclear power plants in Kudankulum and Jaitapur was more because of land acquisition and compensation than the threat of nuclear radiation. However, Banerjee was hopeful of getting one reactor of Kudanukulum operational within two months and the second in the next six months. In Jaitapur, attempts were still on to convince farmers who have not received compensation and contracts were being finalized. Geotechnical survey for setting up the plant was going on in Kovada (Andhra Pradesh) but it is yet to begin for the proposed plant at Haripur (West Bengal), he informed.According to Banerjee, the nuclear energy is the most affordable, clean and safe source of sustainable energy and he said that conventional sources of energy cannot meet the ever increasing requirement of energy. He further delved on problems faced by the nation due to power shortage and stressed on the need of increasing power consumption for sustainable growth. While the per capita power consumption in the US is around 14000 kilo watt per hour, in India it is still 700 kilowatt hour which is much below the international average of 2500 kilowatt hour.The eminent scientist was all praise for the BIT alumni here and said that his department would like to undertake joint research projects with the institute. The affluent class and students from IITs see no charm for scientific research but it is people from small towns who are contributing to the growth of science and technology. These people are genuinely concerned with social realities and want to change the quality of life of common people, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668657", "title": "Sena slams Raj over Nitish", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray slammed the MNS for diluting its stand on the 'Bihar Divas' issue in the Sena mouthpiece, Saamna. Thackeray claimed that the Sena alone is the guardian of Marathi 'asmita' (pride) in the state.MNS president Raj Thackeray had on Thursday fired a salvo against Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar for turning the 'Bihar Divas' celebrations into a political exercise. However, a day later, Raj withdrew his opposition to the event after he spoke to Kumar. The Bihar CM on Saturday arrived in Mumbai for the event to mark Bihar's centenary on Sunday.The Sena daily described the MNS's somersault as a \"free tamasha\" on Saturday. \"The MNS's sword turned into a paper missile after Nitish Kumar said hello to Raj Thackeray. The entire exercise was aimed at cheap publicity,\" the editorial stated.Stating that the Sena alone has stood up to the vote-bank politics of Bihari-UP politicians in Mumbai, Saamna stated that the recent civic victories in Thane and Mumbai had proved the Sena's commitment beyond doubt.Reiterating its faith in national integrity, the editorial said, \"The country should not be divided. The country should remain united.\"The newspaper lauded Kumar for putting Bihar on the track of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673409", "title": "My best date ever", "text": "If your girl rolls her eyes whenever you suggest dinner and a movie (i.e., every night you go out), it's time to step up your dating game .We asked the girls of the Men's Life Today Girl Panel to describe the best dates they've ever had, in hopes that their stories will lead to a story or two starring your girl and you.A high-altitude hike : One of the very first dates I went on with my boyfriend was a hiking trip in the Pocono Mountains, which are near his house. It was a perfect opportunity to get to know each other and create some memorable inside jokes. To this day, we still laugh about a fellow hiker who veered off the trail and nearly went somersaulting down a cliff. Plus, the bird's-eye view of the mountains, forests and rivers was romantic and gave us a breathtaking backdrop for our first pictures together. -- StellaA sunset cruise : One of my most unique dates was a simple walk in New York City. We went downtown and boarded the Staten Island Ferry (a commuter ferry) for a \"sunset cruise\" of the Statue of Liberty. Once we arrived on Staten Island, we had dinner and drinks near the ferry. It wasn't the most glamorous date, but it was unlike anything I'd ever done before. -- ArielleAn impromptu road trip : My date invited me to get coffee at his favorite coffee shop. He picked me up and drove to a tiny town about an hour away. It was a beautiful spring day that was perfect for a ride, and the town itself was charming. We walked around and checked out the antique shops, took in the river views and, of course, had that cup of coffee. -- NataliaA \"Dinosaur Day\": We started at the Museum of Natural History and spent the afternoon checking out the fossils. Then we went uptown to my favorite BBQ place, Dinosaur Bar-B-Que. Picking a theme made it more fun. -- MichelleA day off : My boyfriend and I both called in sick to work. We walked around a park, got pastries, played Ping-Pong at a pool hall and then got dinner -- all while the rest of the city was working away! -- HayleyA surprise picnic : My boyfriend surprised me with a packed picnic basket (salads, cheeses and drinks) all ready to go when I got home from work, and he took me to a romantic place in a nearby park to enjoy it. -- StaceyA seaside exodus : My boyfriend and I decided to check out a seaside town on the countryside that we'd heard was beautiful. We hit a ton of traffic, and it took us almost seven hours to get there; we still felt really lucky to have that time together. We arrived just before the sun set and we sat on the sand to soak in the last rays. Afterward, we went to a lounge and played a low-key game of Scrabble. -- LaurenA better-than-a-movie date : My boyfriend and I are both big movie buffs, so for the Oscars he took me to a viewing party hosted by a comedian who told jokes during the commercial breaks. -- MichelleA medieval battlefield: We went to a park that's part medieval museum. The topic didn't really interest us, but the snow-covered architecture was gorgeous. We threw snowballs and watched the sun set. Something about finding a new place to explore together was fun and romantic. -- ColleenContent courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669510", "title": "Kabadiwala finds treasure as'Titanic' emerges from waste", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On April 15, when the world will solemnly observe the completion of 100 years of the sinking of the Titanic on April 15, 1912, an Amdavadi dealer in paper waste will hold a piece of paper close to his heart. Fazlerehman Kadiwala, a Juhapura resident, had found copy of The New York Times newspaper dated April 16, 1912 breaking the news of the sinking of the Titanic to the world.\"Titanic sinks four hours after hitting the iceberg. 866 rescued by Carpathia, probably 1250 perish. Ismay safe, Mrs Astor maybe. Noted names missing \", screamed the headline of the event which went on to become a major event, inspiring innumerable books, documentaries and the Hollywood blockbuster The Titanic.Kadiwala, 52, who currently works in a bag showroom, used to collect newspaper waste going from door to door. He collected newspaper waste for 10-odd years. It was then in 2003 that he stumbled upon a jumbo photocopy of the front page of the newspaper with the news of the sinking of the Titanic.\"I realized that it was a treasure that some person had collected with lot of interest and passion. Since, I had also read about the Titanic and even saw the movie, I decided to keep it,\" says Kadiwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669920", "title": "Prickly Patels a thorn in CM's side", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'P for P' slogan sums up the bonding in this powerful community in Gujarat. Patels, the most influential and politically savvy Gujarati community, is best known for unity. If they back a party, they do it en masse. And, their collective ire can cost the king his throne. The Congress realized it in the early 1990s, when excluded from former CM Madhavsinh Solanki's KHAM combine, the community swung towards BJP.Two decades later, BJP under Narendra Modi has reasons to worry over Patel power raising its head rather threateningly ahead of the Gujarat assembly elections due in December. The socially and economically strong community is feeling relegated to the sidelines in Modi's scheme of things. Or, at least, this is the message Patel leaders are giving out at mammoth community gatherings, trying to forge unity in a community fragmented by Modi along the Kadva-Leuva sub-castes.Late last night in Surat, the felicitation function for Rajya Sabha MP from Bhavnagar, Mansukh Mandavia, has cast a dark shadow on Modi's plan to woo the more aggrieved Leuvas. Many see Modi's move to send Mandavia, a relatively unknown face, to the Upper House as a move to woo Patels. Ahead of Friday's function, pamphlets were distributed accusing Modi of opportunism in the run-up to the polls.The felicitation in Surat was aimed at having a wider impact as the diamond city, though in south Gujarat, is often called mini-Saurashtra. A rift in the Patel community was clear as few turned up to hear Modi. Patel strongman and ex-CM Keshubhai Patel is again becoming a rallying point for the Leuva community. The fact that Patels make up 24% of Gujarat's population and are quite capable of tilting balance in the state's bi-polar politics is already giving Modi the jitters.While Kadvas are happy to have seven slots in Modi's 26-man cabinet, it is Leuvas who feel left out with only two representatives. Kadva leader Anandiben Patel is being seen as a clear Modi successor. Most prominent Leuva leaders from the pre-Modi era have been cut to size. Starting with Keshubhai, the list runs long with Pravin Togadia, Vallabh Kathiria and Gordhan Zadaphia, just to name a few. Narhari Amin and Siddharth Patel from the Congress are actively trying to fan the anti-BJP sentiment in a caste largely wedded to Hindutva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669034", "title": "City Market merchants to strike", "text": "BANGALORE: Stock up your refrigerator with vegetables and fruits before Monday. Merchants of SKR Market plan to go on a strike to protest the setting up of illegal shops that have blocked ventilation and air-conditioning passages.On Monday there will be no supply of flowers, fruits and vegetables as all of them will join in the strike. The strike on Monday from 12noon to 4pm has been organized by The Bangalore Flower Merchants' Association. It will include a procession from the market to the Town Hall.Hari Prasad, a merchant of the SKR market said, \"All of us will participate in the strike on April 16. All gates of the market will be closed.\" Merchants of the market say it's the BBMP that had allowed the setting up of these illegal shops and they have been facing the problem for a long time. \"There are about 15 illegal shops in the complex. For the past year we have been facing this problem. BBMP has allowed the setting up of these shops,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12670095", "title": "Demand for a new Ambedkar statue heats up", "text": "NAGPUR: As the nation celebrated Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's birth anniversary on April 14, Saturday, the city airport named after the great leader continues its prolonged wait of almost four years for a new statue of him. Exactly on April 14, 2008, the present statue was unveiled by the earlier airport operator Airports Authority of India (AAI). However after Ambedkar followers complained that the old one did not bear resemblance to him, they proposed to replace the old one.Now a group of followers under the banner of Dr B R Ambedkar Pratima Niwaran Sangharsh Samiti demanded immediate replacement of the present statue with a new one. Mukesh Meshram, coordinator of the samiti, warned of a massive agitation at the airport, if authorities failed to comply immediately. Meshram said, \"The airport authorities had set many deadlines to replace the statue, like on Dhammchakra Pravartan Day and then on April 14 but nothing has happened yet.\"Meshram said, \"After a daylong dharna at the airport, we will handover a memorandum to district collector, airport authority officials etc. We also sent letter to civil aviation minister Ajit Singh in this regard.\"AAI's airport head AK Verma said, \"The present 16-foot statue was made by Amravati sculptor SR Satarkar for Rs16 lakh. But it disappointed followers of Ambedkar as they said that it did not resemble the leader. Its hand was not correctly positioned and the right hand forefinger was pointing downwards.\"The AAI then appointed a committee that finalizes the design for a new statue. The new sculptor Pradnya Murti has now made a new statue which has an exact likeness to the leader. It is in final stages and by next month will be installed at airport, Verma informed. Almost 22 tonnes of bronze has been used for the new statue and AAI has already made advance payment to the sculptor. After final certification from Archeological Survey of India and other agencies, it will be installed, Verma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668885", "title": "Worker held for defiling shrine", "text": "HYDERABAD: A worker was arrested for desecrating a place of worship at Nandi Musalaiguda in Bahadurpura. Though he was picked up immediately after the incident on April 10, the South Zone police formally arrested him on Saturday evening.Addressing a press conference here on Saturday evening, deputy commissioner of police (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha said G Shiva Kumar admitted that he placed a piece of beef at a temple at SP Nagar of Nanda Musalaiguda on April 10.\"During interrogation, we learnt that Shiva Kumar did it on purpose to ensure police post a picket in his locality. On April 10 at around 3.45 pm, Shiva Kumar purchased beef from a local shop and left it at the place of worship. After a while, he started spreading word about the beef at the temple and created tension in the locality,'' police said.\"As Musalaiguda is in the vicinity of Najam Nagar, a Muslim-dominated area, he felt insecure. As there was hardly any police presence at Musalaiguda, Shiva Kumar had hit upon this idea so that security would be beefed up in the locality,\" Sinha added.During the lunch break of the temple priests between 2 pm and 4 pm, he kept the meat there. Movement of locals in the area was also thin due to the searing heat.Police, however, clarified that these (desecrations) did not look organised incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12676698", "title": "Three arrested with liquor during polling", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons were arrested today in central Delhi for allegedly possessing liquor bottles during voting in municipal elections here, police said. Virender Rana (25) was apprehended from Patel Nagar during a checking.\"With a view to keep a check on bootlegging in view of the forthcoming MCD election, a special drive was launched against the bootleggers in Central District area. The checking was on and a Nano car was spotted and was signalled to stop.\"But the driver reversed the car and tried to flee. He was overpowered and on the search of the car, 192 quarters of Diplomat Whisky were seized rom the car,\" Devesh Srivastava, Additional Commissioner of Police (Central), said.In the second incident, Raj Kumar (44) and Rajesh Adil (32) were arrested from Prem Nagar area allegedly with 155 quarters of DSP brand whisky, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670874", "title": "Little cinema begins to dream big", "text": "Chances are that most Indians didn't know what Byari was till a film of the same name was recently announced joint winner in the Best Film category at the 59th National Film Awards. Courtesy the award, most of us now know about this language - without a script of its own - of the Byari people of south Karnataka.But the importance of Byari is more than just being the first film made in the language, or being the first in that language to win the prestigious national award. Its importance is in its symbolism - a perfect reference point to measure the distance traveled by Indian cinema since April 21, 1913, when the first Indian film, Raja Harishchandra, had premiered.\"It is a comment on how strong the medium of cinema is, and also the most accessible, the world over, for any small community to express itself,\" says Utpal Borpujari, the 2003 National Award winner for Best Film Critic. And Byari is but a recent link in a long chain of films of and by the smaller communities of India that have told stories of people with strong cultural ethos of their own, as against mainstream philosophy.Beginning with the first Bhojpuri film in 1962, Ganga Maiya Tohe Piyari Chadhaibo, little cinema has taken birth, and struck roots in the unlikeliest of India's remote corners. For instance, the first Chhattisgarhi film, Kahi Debe Sandesh, was made by Manu Nayak in 1965, 35 years before the region attained statehood. The successful Manipuri cinema, on the other hand, sees the production of nearly 40 films each year.While these are relatively the more visible ethnic and linguistic groups within the minority, films are being made even in languages with almost the same status as Byari in the mainstream mindframe. Borpujari cites examples of Monpa language of Arunachal Pradesh and the Kokborok language of Tripura in which films have been made.\"A lot of interesting work is happening through cinema beyond Bollywood and powerful regional centres. There is, however, also a tendency to ape Bollywood,\" says Borpujari.What has helped these marginal filmmakers is technology that has reduced the cost of production. National Award winning Assamese filmmaker Jahnu Barua says, \"Technology has taken the strong medium of cinema to grassroots. The best thing about technology is that nobody can own it and those who understand the power of cinema are putting the two together to good use.\"Problems, though, remain in the form of accessibility. But zealous filmmakers almost always find a way out. While Ladakhi filmmakers are doing a successful job through mobile theatres, most others target global audience through cyberspace for minimum returns . Quite a few others skip the route of theatres and release films directly on videos/ CDs. What ensures continued production of films in the far-flung pockets of India is the strong urge to make films. KP Suveeran, the director of Byari, says, \"Though I don't intend to make any more Byari films, the young people of the community who assisted me are very enthused. They will carry the work forward in that language.\"And we will continue to learn about more unknown and unheard of stories through cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12668229", "title": "Pratibha\u2019s Pune home a break from tradition", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil's decision to spend her retirement at a newly-constructed Pune house at government expense is a marked departure from a long-held tradition, besides the unprecedented opposition from a group of ex-servicemen.Going by the tradition, retiring presidents spent the rest of their time in a government accommodation in the national Capital or went back to their respective home states. Many officers who have served in Rashtrapati Bhavan in the past cannot recall another instance of a retiring president in recent times moving out of Delhi, and get the government to build a new house for him.\"I haven't seen anything like this,\" says an official, who spent several years in Rashtrapati Bhavan, while discussing the controversy surrounding the allocation of a military plot for Patil's retirement home in Pune. Observers say there have been five instances when retiring presidents left Delhi, but in none of the cases a new house was asked to be built.First President Rajendra Prasad went back to his home state Bihar, while his successor Dr S Radhakrishnan returned to Chennai. V V Giri and Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy too retired to their ancestral homes. R Venkataraman went back to Chennai for a while, only to return here to spend his last days.\"For the past several years we have been seeing a trend of retiring presidents moving into a government accommodation in New Delhi,\" another official said. Former presidents like Giani Zail Singh, Dr Shankar Dayal Sharma and K R Narayanan had all moved out of the sprawling Rashtrapati Bhavan into government accommodations in New Delhi. Ditto for Patil's predecessor A P J Abdul Kalam .\"The transition into retirement has never been so controversial for presidents (in the recent past). We had to just coordinate with the ministries of urban development and home and identify an appropriate house in the national Capital,\" said an official. A seasoned presidential observer said that he was appalled at the move to build such a sprawling accommodation in the Pune military area. \"It is an unnecessary controversy,\" he said.Sources, dealing with the construction of the retirement house for the President in Pune say they have been under pressure from the government to wrap up the construction. President Patil is due to retire in July.A Pune-based NGO, Justice for Jawans, claims that land measuring over 2.6 lakh square feet has been allotted for the President's retirement home, and a house with a plinth area of 4,500 sq feet is being constructed after demolishing two British-era bungalows. This is way beyond her entitlement, the NGO alleges.It quotes the President's Emoluments and Pension Act, 1951, and the President's Pension Rule, 1961, to buttress its claim that a retired president was eligible to a bungalow of up to 4,498 sq ft, where government houses are available. And if a president decides to retire to a place where no such accommodation is available, a 2,000 sq ft living area could be rented.The Rashtrapati Bhavan has denied any wrongdoing, saying she is eligible for a Type VIII accommodation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12677264", "title": "Dethroned king Gyanendra will be jailed, warns ex-PM of Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: A top Communist leader has threatened to jail Nepal's dethroned king Gyanendra , weeks after the former monarch was accused by Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai of conspiring against the landmark peace process.66-year Gyanendra, who has increased his appearances at public and religious functions over the last few months, has been targeted by Neplese political leaders amid growing speculation over his future plans at a time when the country's peace process has been delayed due to deadlock among the parties.Madhav Kumar Nepal , the former Prime Minister and senior leader of CPN-UML, warned the Gyanendra that he would be sent to jail if he tried to disrupt the 2006 peace process and drafting of a new constitution.\"If the former King is found conspiring against the peace process and constitution drafting, he would be directly sent to jail,\" Nepal said at a programme in the capital yesterday.\"Anyone who goes against the achievements of the People's Movement of 2006 will be obliterated,\" he warned.Last month, Bhattarai had accused Gyanendra of conspiring against the peace process.The prime minister had said Gyanendra's 'activism' is not a good sign at a time when the country's transition is set to be concluded.The Prime Minister was quoted as saying by nepalnews online on March 4 that the ex-King \"is becoming active instead of staying as a common citizen by accepting the people's verdict\".After lying low for months, Gyanendra made a high-profile visit to India in February and public appearance on March 1 at a religious function at Jhumka in Sunsari district of eastern Nepal, drawing pro-monarch supporters and loyalists.Last month, Gyanendra expressed concern over the deteriorating law and order situation in the country.The government has recently scaled down his security. It withdrew the Nepal Army personnel and replaced them with the local police and Armed Police Force personnel.\"If he is involved in the ploy against peace and constitution drafting he will be deprived of all these facilities,\" former PM Nepal warned.As far as the peace process is concerned, he underlined that a new constitution will be promulgated by May 27 deadline, when the term of the constituent assembly expires.Although there are certain contentious issues yet to be resolve before finalizing the constitution, these will be sorted out soon through negotiations among the major political parties, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669303", "title": "Maitree Bandhan brings brotherhood on stage", "text": "KOLKATA: The second lap of Maitree Bandhan, the joint initiative between The Times of India and Bangladesh's leading newspaper Prothom Alo, kick-started with a bang on Saturday and the timing - a Nobobarsho evening - couldn't have been better to bring blood brothers India and Bangladesh together.So if the first part of the initiative was celebrated with music of the two countries, the second phase promises to be a literary festival where there will be the best of theatre, literary discussions, readings and performances. The festival started with two plays - Kahe Birangana, an adaptation of Michael Madhusudan Dutta's Birangana Kabya based on the leading women of Mahabharata, and Samudrer Mouna, a play by Koushik Sen's theatre group Swapna Sandhani.Kahe Birangana - a Bishnupriya Manipuri play - has been created by Shubhashish Sinha from Bangladesh. Since it is difficult to translate Michael's Bengali idioms into Manipuri, the original Bengali verses were used with Manipuri dance forms in the four parts that were staged. Each part spoke about the valour of the women in question - her passion, her anger, her love and finally her insurmountable pain after she loses her most loved possession. It spoke of Shakuntala, Draupadi, Dusshala and Jona.All the four parts were played by Jyoti Sinha. The audience was captivated by her stellar performance as she moved effortlessly from one mood to another and from one character to another. At one moment she was playing the distraught Dusshala crying her heart out for her dead son Abhimanyu. A moment later, she was the valiant Jona accusing husband Niloddhoj for making peace with the victorious Arjun.The second play - Samudrer Mouno - was an adaptation of French wartime novel The Silence Of the Sea. The English version of the play was translated by Bengali poet Bishnu Dey. In 2005, Kaushik Sen adapted the Bengali version for his play.As usual, Sen enthralled the audience as the Nazi officer who came to stay in the house of a German gentleman and his niece as Germany took over France. This officer was different from the run-of-the-mill captor. He dreamt that one day Germany and France would be friends and the war would stop forever. Unfortunately, that remains his distant dream and he realizes that ultimately.However, despite the officer's best efforts he is unable to break the silence of the gentleman and his niece. The woman finally speaks to him for the first time to wish him adieu when the officer prepares to leave.Sen was able to take the audience to the phase when Hitler ruled and Germany raged in a war-torn world. By the end of the play, Sen's portrayal of the officer torn between his duty and his heart succeeded in hypnotizing all who were present at GD Birla Sabhagar, where the second phase of Maitree Bandhan kicked off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "12668502", "title": "Telugu Desam Party joins anti- Special Economic Zone agitation", "text": "KAKINADA: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) has demanded that the state government return to farmers land acquired for various SEZs claiming that most of it was anyway lying vacant. Land taken in the name of SEZs is being given away to realtors, said former minister Kodela Siva Prasad. He added that the government should restore land to farmers wherever the proposed projects have failed to come up.A five-member TDP team on Saturday visited Ramanakkapeta village in Uppada Kottapalli mandal, where farmers are observing a vanta varpu stir against the Kakinada SEZ. TDP leaders MLC Dadi Veerabhadra Rao and Boddu Bhaskara Rama Rao, among others, asked farmers to continue with their protest till the government gives back their land. Prasad alleged that only 26 SEZs in the state can be said to be functioning whereas the allotted figure for Andhra Pradesh was 111, which means that there is a lot of land area that is unused and susceptible to corrupt dealings.The anti-Kakinada SEZ agitation has been gaining momentum by the day and it was learnt that TDP president Chandrababu Naidu is planning to visit the farmers in a show of solidarity on April 20.The protest against Kakinada SEZ has gained the support of various political parties in the state. K Narayana, the CPI state secretary, too, has extended his support to the agitators. He has demanded action against those who have come into possession of farming land in violation of rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668893", "title": "Grant for latrines to be hiked in North Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Grant for building latrines for people in Gulbarga, Raichur and some other backward districts will be increased to Rs 10,000 from the present Rs 3,250.Announcing this at the Ambedkar Jayanti programme here on Saturday, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said the fund available now is too meagre.\"Additional amount will be made available schemes from other schemes by the rural development and panchayat raj department. The programme will be implemented in a month,\" he said.Social welfare minister A Narayanaswamy called upon the dalits to make use of the Right to Education Act and see that their children get admissions in private schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12669220", "title": "Malegaon set to exercise franchise", "text": "MALEGAON: Amid predictions of a hung house, and of an outcome that will undoubtedly impact local politics along with speculation about who will be Malegaon's first mayor, the stage has been set for Malegaon Municipal Corporation elections on Sunday.\"Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs), with ballots having different colours for male and female candidates, have been dispatched, and duties have been assigned to staff\", said chief election officer, Jeevan Sonawane.An estimated 2,700 personnel from the state machinery, semi-government and private schools have been assigned various polling duties. Sonawane said that the care has also been taken regarding poling booth locations, bearing in mind women and disabled voters. Water and adequate shade has also been provided since temperatures have been soaring, Sonawane added. Additional Superintend of Police (ASP) Chandrashekhar Chogale said the police were taking all measures to ensure a free and fair election, notwitshtanding the fact that 252 polling centres out of the total 540 are sensitive. Stating that additional forces with 7 State Reserve Police (SRP) companies were already in the town in view of the birth anniversary celebrations of Dr BR Ambedkar yesterday, he said special attention will be paid to sensitive polling centres.\"We are concentrating on the entire town with special attention being paid toward sensitive poll centres. Video cameras will be installed at such locations,\" Chogale said.A total of 3, 67,374 registered voters will exercise their vote this election to be held for the first time since the town limit was extended and the number of corporator seats was increased to 80 from the earlier 72. Though no party has fielded candidates on all the 80 seats, a total of 471 contestants including 227 women are in the fray across 40 wards. While 387 candidates are contesting the polls on registered party symbols of Janata Dal (S), Congress, Teesra Mahaz, Nationalist Congress Party, Samajwadi Party, Shiv-Sena, Bhartiya Janata Party and others, 84 candidates are contesting as independents.Among the candidates in the running, are current mayor Abdul Malik, NCP's Yunus Esa and Ibrahim National, senior corporators Rasheed Yeolewala, Sakharam Ghodke, Narendra Sonawane, Ejaz Baig, Prof Rizwan and Buland Iqbal.Front runners among women, for the position of mayor, include Janata Dal's Shan-e-Hind, Tahira Shaikh Rasheed (Congress), and Jyoti Bhosale, an independent.Total seats: 72Third Front: 28Congress: 15Janata Dal (S): 11Shiv Sena: 7NCP: 2Malegaon Vikas Aghadi: 9", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668681", "title": "Man kills pawn broker inside shop, escapes with jewels worth lakhs", "text": "CHENNAI: A yet-to-be identified youth robbed and killed a 28-year-old pawn broker in Nerkundram on Saturday and escaped with jewellery worth several lakhs of rupees.After studying the CCTV footage, police said the suspect entered at shop at 11.35am. The man approached Gunaram on the pretext of asking for jewel designs.When Gunaram went to bring some jewellery from the locker room, the youth followed him. \"He overpowered Gunaram, gagged him and slit his mouth with a small knife, which he had hidden in his pocket,\" a police officer said. \"He stabbed Gunaram on his chest twice and escaped with 23 sovereigns of jewellery.\"Gunaram, a native of Rajasthan had set up his shop on N T Patel Road six years ago.Police said Gunaram had installed CCTV cameras after a theft at the shop last year. Burglars had taken away 930g of gold jewellery then. Police are yet to make a breakthrough in the case.Dharamchand, general secretary of the Madras Pawnbrokers Association, alleged that the Maduravoyal police sat on the complaint, which the victim filed in November last. \"Though the police identified the culprits in the earlier case, they did not arrest them and instead put pressure on Gunaram to withdraw the complaint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12674957", "title": "Power crisis deepens as 4 Sanjay Gandhi Thermal Power Station units develop snag", "text": "BHOPAL: Four units of the Sanjay Gandhi Thermal Power Station (SGTPS) in Birsinghpur having an installed capacity of 840 megawatt (MW) went kaput due to some technical snag, deepening power shortage in the state.The snag led to more load-shedding in rural Madhya Pradesh on Saturday.Three units of SGTPS, having an installed capacity of 210 MW each, at Birsinghpur in Umaria district went out of order following some technical problem around 3 pm on Saturday. Another unit of 210 MW is already out of order due to a tube leakage at SGTPS on Friday, MP power generating company limited managing director Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.He said one unit out of the three has already been lighted up, adding that two more are likely to restart power generation by night. He said the efforts are on to put light up the unit that developed a tube leakage the other day. Following trouble in SGTPS, rural parts of MP experienced power cuts. The peak electricity demand was ranging between 7,200 - 7,500 MW against which the MP was having a power availability of around 6,500 to 6,900 MW, officials said.Currently, five to nine- hour long power cuts are being effected in the rural and tehsil areas of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669968", "title": "Education department to strengthen appellate authorities of local bodies", "text": "PATNA: The state government is to give more teeth to the appellate authorities of local bodies in all the 38 districts by giving them power to impose a fine of Rs 25,000 on the public representatives of panchayats, panchayat samitis, zila parishads and the municipal bodies for any irregularity or violation of rules in appointment of primary school teachers and shiksha mitras. A rule in this regard would be framed soon, said joint director, education, R S Singh.The appellate authorities in the 38 districts received 37,000 appeals with complaints related to irregularities in the appointment of shiksha mitras and primary teachers by the members concerned of the three-tier panchayati raj institutions. The authorities have disposed of 23,000 appeals so far, he said.The education department organized an orientation programme for the members of the appellate authorities a couple of days back to brief them about the law, rules and circulars regarding the appointment of shiksha mitras and primary teachers. The programme focused on the finer points of the rules, regulations and circulars regarding appointment of shiksha mitras and primary teachers and to maintain standard in passing orders on the appeals and complaints.Singh said retired judicial service members were functioning as appellate authorities in 22 districts. He said a few judicial members were changed at some places after receiving complaints of showing bias in passing order on appeals.He said such decisions were taken only after the allegations were confirmed. He said the education department also organized several orientation programmes for the members of panchayats, panchayat samitis, zila parishads and the municipal bodies to make them aware of the laws, rules and circulars related to the appointment of shiksha mitras and primary teachers.Singh said the ambit of the appellate authorities would be widened further by giving them power to adjudicate in case of any complaint lodged regarding irregularities in giving or utilizing grants to primary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12669625", "title": "Naxalites set four tractors afire", "text": "GONDIA: Naxalites set afire four tractors and three trolleys causing a loss is Rs 15 lakh in Keshori tehsil of Gondia district on Thursday. It's an act of revenge by the rebels against the arrest of three Maoists a fortnight ago.Gondia Police had arrested three Naxalites in Toyagondi village last month. Based on the hints given by the Naxals, three of their accomplices including a doctor were also arrested later. This incident had irritated all the six Naxal Dalams operating in Gondia district.On Thursday around 50 Naxalites intercepted four tractors and three trolleys in the forest patch between Rajoli and Keshori and set them afire. The vehicles belonged to some residents of Tadgaon and Junewani of Arjuni-Morgaon tehsil and Navegaon Bandh.Deori Police has registered a case and DySP Borade is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672788", "title": "Girl child has no place in diamond city", "text": "SURAT: Ruchika (name changed), a 30-year-old housewife from Katargam, became a mother of a girl child five years ago. She had twice gone for abortions in the last 18 months as she wants to give birth to a baby boy only. Among the 26 districts in Gujarat, Surat has just 788 females for every 1,000 males. The love for a baby boy in many families leave little choice for mothers like Ruchika.Latest birth figures released by the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) reveal that about 37,989 male children were born as against 30,570 girls in 2011. This confirms the latest 2011 census figures that point towards a skewed sex ratio in Surat.Gujarat government's 'save the girl child' seems has failed to bring about any perceptible change in people's prejudice against the girl child in the diamond city. In 2007, the birth rate of female child was 12.04% less compared to that of males. However, it recovered to only 0.38% in 2011 at 12.42%.Saurashtrian Patidar community leaders in Varachha and Katargam were the first to start a campaign to 'save the girl child'. Grooms and brides have been taking oath to refrain from going for abortion if it is a girl child at thousands of mass marriages held by the community.Urban population has grown by 65% since 2001 in Surat. Today, 80% of its 45 lakh population live in urban areas. However, the sex ratio in urban Surat is just 757, way below the national average of 940 females per 1,000 males.This imbalance in birth of male and female children in the diamond city is worrying sociologists. Dr Parvez Abbasi, head of sociology department, Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) said, \"Dowry system is still prevalent in Patidar community. Though they do not hate the girl child, parents view her as an economic liability.\"Rekha Mistry, assistant professor, VNSGU, said, \"May communities including Marwaris and Patidars follow a patriarchal system.\"A few months ago, Aapmrutyu Nivaran Sanstha (ANIS), an NGO working for women's rights, had conducted a survey in the diamond city. Geeta Shroff of ANIS told TOI, \"Surat's economy is dependent on the diamond and textile industries. Migrants, who come with an intention of prospering in life, always expect a boy child who for them is an economic investment. For many original Surtis, girl child is not a liability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12669608", "title": "'I'm still hiding from my creditors'", "text": "MAPUSA: Kanta Jadhav, a dalit leader who contested the assembly poll on a Trinamool Congress (TMC) ticket in Pernem constituency, claims to habve missed the celebration of the birth anniversary of Bhimrao 'Babasaheb' Ambedkar in his village as he feared being beaten up by creditors who funded him during the elections.Jadhav contested the elections in the Pernem constituency which was reserved for the Scheduled Caste category. He is a dalit leader, a garden contractor by profession and lives in Corgao village in Pernem.Jadhav claimed that TMC state unit president Wilfred de Souza had assured him of party funds of 8 lakh to spend on the election expenses. Jadhav said that de Souza gave him 2 lakh before the elections, no more.De Souza, when contacted, denied making any such promise to Jadhav.Jadhav alleged, \"On the assurance of de Souza, that the party will pay for my campaign expenses, I took credit from various sources and spent it on election expenses. But, despite three personal visits to him at his residence, he neglected me.\"\"I owe about 3.5 lakh to hotel owners who provided food for my workers and supporters, vehicle expenses, printers and stationary shops, office expenses etc. I have not been able to go home to Corgao since the elections on March 3 as I fear of being beaten up by creditors and their recovery agents. Today, I feel vey sorry that I am not at home to celebrate the birth anniversary of our leader, Ambedkar,\" he added.Jadhav is staying in a lodge in Panaji , allegedly waiting for the party to pay him the money. He claimed that he was also losing out on business as he could not take up his work. Jadhav has demanded the intervention of TMC chief Mamata Banerjee in this matter.\"De Souza has cheated a dalit leader, he has finished my life. This is a very serious matter. Mamata Banerjee should intervene and remove him from the post of TMC state unit president,\" Jadhav said.TMC state unit president, de Souza, told STOI, \"I never promised him any money. In fact, no party can make a promise to give money like that. It is against the law. He is making baseless allegations. My party has not forced him to contest on the TMC symbol. He is telling lies.\"\"The TMC state unit did not give such kind of funds to any candidate contesting on the TMC symbol,\" D'Souza added.In his election affidavit, Jadhav listed total assets worth .35,500 and liabilities of 28,500, in the form of a loan from the Goa Khadi and Village Industries Board. He polled only 151 votes. \"Even being a new face and a dalit leader, I polled 151 votes and de Souza being the former chief minister, polled only 600 votes,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12668180", "title": "Jet pilot in dock for botched landing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has suspended a Jet Airways pilot for a goofed-up landing at Singapore airport in November last year that could have resulted in a disaster similar to the Mangalore air crash of 2010.The incident occurred on November 14, 2011, when the pilot, captain R Chaudhary, of the Delhi-Singapore flight was bringing down the aircraft on the Singapore runway during rush hour despite his not having lan-ding clearance.The aircraft, Airbus-330, with over 200 passengers on board had to go-around just 70 feet over the runway throwing Changi International Airport authority into a major tizzy.An initial probe revealed the pilot claimed that the \"go-around\" was done as he was feeling uncomfortable and led to the revelation that there was no landing clearance.The incident shocked DGCA which took over the investigation last month. The DGCA has also sought help from the Changi International Airport Authority (CIAA) to get more technical evidence required for a through investigation of the incident.The probe has also pointed to an \"unstable approach\" during landing which is deemed unsafe. Captain Chaudhury is also a check pilot and the DGCA has cancelled his certification. It may be recalled the investigation report into the Mangalore crash concluded that the pilot carried on with an \"unstable approach\" or imprudent approach, even ignoring his co-pilot's pleas, and this led to the crash. Shockingly it has also come to light that the pilot failed to inform the airline about the incident. It was during mid-November routine technical checks in India that Jet Airways came to know about his aborted landing. He underwent minor training and kept flying till DGCA issued orders to suspend him recently.Sources also said the pilot deliberately did not inform the airline as this gave him a chance to ensure the CVR recording doesn't have records of his conversation during the faulty landing on the fateful day. In CVR the recording is automatically erased after every two hours of fresh flying.In absence of CVR, DGCA, wrote to CIAA last week. \"The investigation will depend on the conversations between pilot and the control tower that took place at the time of incident which will help in unraveling the sequence of event. The report Singapore airport is still awaited,\" said a senior DGCA official.The last minute go-around from the low height is dangerous and could result in disaster. In aviation parlance the decision height is the critical level at which the pilot has to take the final call on whether to land or seek another turn. In the case of the Jet Airways flight, the aircraft had passed the decision height and was just 70 feet above the runway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12677191", "title": "Congress, BJP confident of victory in MCD polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress and BJP today exuded confidence that they will romp home with flying colours in the polls to all the three civic bodies in the Capital formed from the existing Municipal Corporation of Delhi.Delhi Congress chief J P Agarwal said he was \"100 per cent confident\" about his party's victory while his BJP counterpart Vijender Gupta was \"certain\" that his camp is going to win all the three Corporations.\"People voted in large numbers. I am hundred per cent sure, we will win,\" Agarwal said.Gupta said, \"we are certainly going to win MCD elections. Indications are that the people are in mood of teaching Congress a lesson. This is a vote against the culture of corruption and price spiral of the Congress.\"He said the party is expecting victory in all the three corporations.2,423 candidates have contested for 272 wards in the three civic bodies -- East, South and North. Counting of votes will take place on Tuesday.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).Ruling BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, had raised alleged corruption by Sheila Dikshit government during campaigning while Congress targeted the saffron party for its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670232", "title": "City's 22 policemen felicitated for fighting crime", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur Club Limited, in association with Janhit Manch on Saturday felicitated 22 policemen of the police commissionerate for their outstanding performance while on duty.Jaipur Club president S K Bohra told TOI that the function was organised as part of the successful completion of the police commissionerate's one year.\"Declining crime rate in the city and increasing success in nabbing criminals have proved that the commissionerate system has proved beneficial to people of this city,\" said Bohra. In the first three months of this year, the crime rate has declined by 12% compared to the same period last year, he said.Club's honorary secretary Manoj Birla said that it has over 1,200 members and is quite proud of honouring these policemen who have brought to book dreaded criminals, making the residents feel safer.Former governor Anshuman Singh, commissioner of police B L Soni, senior IAS officer J C Mohanti, former RCA secretary Subhash Joshi and senior police and administration officers and businessmen were present at the ceremony.The club also organised a cultural programme on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669834", "title": "Akhilesh meets PM, seeks funds for Central projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: From demanding additional allocation of coal to meet the state's power deficit to trebling the Centre's contribution towards the Kumbh Mela in 2013, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday made a strong case for the state in his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . This was Akhilesh's first meeting with the PM after being sworn in as UPs chief minister.Pleading the state's case ahead of the Kumbh Mela, Akhilesh also sought an allocation of Rs 383.11 crore towards the repair and maintenance of all national highways leading to Allahabad, apart from an approval for 4-laning the roads between Lucknow and Allahabad.In a meeting with the PM in New Delhi that lasted for over an hour, Akhilesh's exhaustive charter of demands for UP spanned different sectors, including roads, electricity, education, health, drinking water, irrigation, flood control and social welfare. Demanding an additional supply of coal from Coal India Limited --2.10 lakh tonnes for Rosa power plant and 2.80 lakh tonnes for Anpara 'C' -- Akhilesh said this would be the minimum requirement for UP to meet the 2,000MW power deficit during peak hours. He also demanded an additional grant of upto Rs 5,000 crore from the World Bank's Clean Technology Fund to meet the production, distribution and transmission needs of the state. On behalf of the state government, Akhilesh also raised concerns over the slow progress of works undertaken by the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) in parts of the state.Apart from the focus on the power sector, the CM also demanded that the Centre releases all pending funds to UP under different schemes.Akhilesh also sought approval for upgrading 12,000 km of roads built under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) as a result of heavy vehicular traffic, apart from requesting Singh to reconsider a request for Rs 4,029 crore made by the Mayawati government in June 2011.Akhilesh aims at maximum coverage in maiden wishlistLast year, the request to upgrade 9,082 km of rural roads was turned down by the Centre because the state government had failed to submit relevant documents for the release of the balance amount.Key demands made by Akhilesh on Saturday also included an approval to extend the deadline for recruiting teacher for primary schools in UP. At present, there are 2.86 lakh vacancies for primary teachers in the state. In addition, nearly 12,000 posts are expected to fall vacant every year. Unable to meet the January 1, 2012, deadline for filling up the vacancies, Akhilesh has demanded that the state be allowed an extension till March 31, 2015.In the education sector, the state government also sought Central approvals for upgrading the Gorakhpur and Jhansi state medical colleges, apart from setting up Level II Trauma centres in 6 state medical colleges and 9 universities in UP. To increase employment opportunities in UP, Akhilesh also demanded that the Centre releases Rs 5,267 crore for UP in the 12th Five Year Plan. This money, he said, would be used to set up state-run Industrial Training Institutes.The delegation from UP also demanded Rs 14,500 crore from the Centre for building 30 lakh homes under Indira Awas Yojana. According to information provided by the state government, these homes will service an additional 5 lakh shelterless families in UP, which the state expects to add by the end of the on-going BPL survey in UP.Among other demands made by Akhilesh in his maiden meeting with the PM included a demand for increased focus on agriculture, security-related expenditure in border and Naxal-affected areas, increased allocation for health facilities and special focus on UP's tourism potential, particularly along the Buddhist circuit.Calling his meeting with Singh a \"good one'', Akhilesh also said that it was in the Centre's interest to approve fund-allocation for UP. \"If UP progresses, it automatically means that India gains as well,'' he said.Following his meeting with the PM, Akhilesh also met President Pratibha Patil . Akhilesh was accompanied by a delegation of senior officers from the state, lead by chief secretary Jawed Usmani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12669530", "title": "Fire at Princep Street building", "text": "Fire broke out in a building on Princep Street on Saturday night.Eight fire engines were pressed into service to douse the flames.Fire services minister Javed Khan and the disaster management group visited the spot later in the night.The fire was brought under control within two hours.At 10pm, a security guard of the building first notice smoke billowing out of a room on the second floor and immediately informed the fire brigade.After a preliminary investigation, police suspect that a short circuit sparked off the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12681184", "title": "Pawan Kalyan is a thorough gentleman: Shruti", "text": "Actress Shruti Haasan wowed the audience with her Telugu when she came on stage to share her experience of working with in Gabbar Singh. \"I was initially very nervous about the prospect of acting with Pawan Kalyan. A thorough gentlemen, he is a great co-star to work with, very encouraging and supportive. Working on this movie was a an incredible experience. Music director Devi Sri Prasad has comes up with some scintillating music. Working with him is so much fun, he is such a live wire and his energy is infectious,\" she said speaking in fluent Telugu.Dressed in a pink sari, the actress kept the shutterbugs busy. Looks like she loved the attention. \"Thankyou so much for all your lovely heart warming compliments! The saree was a neeta lulla :) I felt so Girly!! Lovin it. Our music director dsp has given us yet another rocking album!! And what a performance at the audio launch! Electric energy !\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668946", "title": "Results withheld, student hangs himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A Class 9 student of a village near Anekal paid a price for being poor. Vijaykumar, 13, a student of Pearl Valley School in Sidikota village near Anekal hanged himself on Saturday afternoon after the school authorities withheld his result because his father Nagaraj failed to pay his fees for the year.Police said Vijay appeared for the exams in March and the results were out on Saturday. When he went to collect the results, the principal told him it was withheld. Police said his father had told the principal last year that he would pay Vijay's school fees by May-June 2011, but he was unable to do so. Vijay's classmates, told him he had probably failed. On hearing this, Vijay went home and hanged himself, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673536", "title": "Frequent traffic jams occur on Dada Nagar bridge", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic on the Dada Nagar bridge remains jammed. A rail overbridge (ROB) is under construction on the bridge for past one year but the traffic on it had not been suspended. The vehicles move on one side, as a result, jams occur every now and then.The Dada Nagar bridge has narrowed down due to the ongoing construction of the ROB. This is one reason for the jam to take place. When the people, in a bid to reach the destination, act hurriedly, they end up in a mess. This is the second reason for the jam to occur. The result is that jam remains in place throughout the day.The situation aggravates when the railway crossing passing through the Dada Nagar bridge gets closed. On both the ends of the railway crossing, long queue of vehicles could be easily witnessed. When the crossing opens, the vehicles move at a snail's pace. The vehicular rush further adds to the woes.When traffic police come into action, the jam opens up but this take a couple of hours.It has also increased vehicular rush over parallel Govindpuri bridge, which connects southern and northern parts of the city. In order to avoid getting caught in the jam at Dada Nagar, the commuter opt Govindpuri bridge. As a result, the jam occurs and people are left gasping for breath.Dada Nagar bridge, Govindpuri bridge, Juhi and Tat Mill bridges connect link northern and southern parts of the city. The four bridges hold importance for the people. The disruption in traffic movement on any of the four bridges badly affects the people. Govindpuri and Dada Nagar bridges lie parallel to each other in the similar way Juhi and Tat Mill bridges are parallel to each other. Thus, if traffic movement gets affected on any of the bridge it affects the other bridges.The traffic police department points out that completion of the work of construction of ROB at Dada Nagar bridge at the earliest is the only solution for the frequent jams in the area. But the speed with which the construction of the bridge is going on, it seems that the people would not get enough passage to pass through and commute easily.The senior officials of the traffic department also mentioned that dividers and barricades have already been placed at Govindpuri bridge to streamline vehicle movement but as people flout the traffic rules and in a hurry they try and cross over to the other side, the situation leads to mess, often ending up in a jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12669759", "title": "392 hospitalized after eating mahaprasad", "text": "WARDHA: Around 392 devotees had to be rushed to the civil hospital after they suffered food poisoning at a mahaprasad at Anusaya Mata Mandir on Friday night.The mahaprasad was organized for 600 devotees at 7pm but around 8.30pm, more than 500 felt uneasy and started vomiting. The victims included many women and children.Talking to TOI, medical officer of Anji primary health centre, Dr LV Zode said, \"I was aware of the mahaprasad organized at the temple. After checking two patients, I detected food poisoning and immediately informed the district health officer (DHO).\"DHO, Dr KZ Rathod said, \"We could not analyse the exact reason but probably it was basundi, a sweet made of milk, which caused the food poisoning. Different brands of milk may have been used to prepare the dish and that may have caused the problem.\"\"Every year, we organize a mahaprasad at the temple but this is for the first time that we faced such a problem. The menu included chapati, rice, dal, sweets and basundi. We served basundhi for the first time and that cost us dear,\" said Bandu Mule, a resident of Anji.Civil surgeon, Dr R Ravkhade said that of the 392 affected by food poisoning, 114 (96 kids) were admitted to the civil hospital. The condition of most victims is under control while some are serious. \"There were no casualties,\" added Ravkhade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12678430", "title": "China invites Japan, South Korea to build observatory in disputed Aksai Chin", "text": "BEIJING: China is pushing Japan and South Korea to establish an astronomical observatory in Aksai Chin, a remote part of Jammu &amp; Kashmir that Beijing occupied after the 1962 war and had Islamabad cede parts of the region to it a year later.A Chinese scientist on Sunday said the East Asia Core Observatories Association -- with China, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan as it members - has recommended the site for the observatory. Yao told the official Xinhua news agency that the association had also surveyed sites in the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and the Pamirs Plateau in Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, but the new observatory is likely to be established in Tibet (Aksai Chin) this year.The association's website shows one of its proposed sites in Aksai Chin (Shiquanhe in Chinese) in Tibet.\"EACOA directors reached a consensus that a review and evaluation meeting are urgently needed among regional excepts, aiming to update EACOA on relevant site survey progress, particularly focus on the site-testing metrology, instrumentations, procedures and data analysis performed on the candidate site at Ali (Aksai Chin) Tibet,\" it said about a recent meeting.Ali in Tibet's Ngari Prefecture falls within Aksai Chin, which India claims to be its own territory.The move comes as Beijing has been asking India to pull out of oil exploration from the disputed areas of the South China Sea off the Vietnamese coast. Both China and Vietnam claim the South China Sea.China feels that the presence of India and Russia, which recently entered the area, will further complicate the territorial dispute. Experts see the Chinese proposal for the observatory as an attempt to complicate the Aksai Chin dispute by drawing in Japan and South Korea, who are members of the Japan-based EACOA.The observatory will carry out research on planetary science, star formation, gamma-ray bursts and other astronomical projects. It will conduct around-the-clock observations of certain celestial bodies.The move, if successful, will legitimize Beijing's claim over the disputed area and make it difficult for New Delhi to establish its rights over it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12670268", "title": "CBI looks for new suspects as it resumes probe", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI after identifying 17 accused in the abduction and murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi, is concentrating on some more suspects after resumption of investigation in the case from this week. These fresh suspects, however, had been interrogated by the CBI a number of times earlier and they are under scanner of the agency for their alleged role in making the sleaze CD of Mahipal Maderna and Bhanwari Devi public and managing her husband Amarchand after the abduction of the nurse.Since the resumption of the investigation from Wednesday, the CBI has constantly been interrogating former BJP leader Shambhu Singh Khetasar and dalit leader Kana Ram Devra. Khetasar is suspected to be behind obtaining the sleaze CD and making it public besides producing Amarchand before the media and making him spill the beans on Maderna. He is also believed to have financed this entire episode with interest in targeting Maderna as his political enemy as both of them had contested the assembly election from Osian constituency against each other.With this suspicion, the CBI is also investigating as to what extent Khetasar was involved in the case. He also has been interrogated earlier and after three sessions had started evading the summons followed by a road accident he had suffered making the CBI to move court.Similarly, Devra is also suspected for his role in the case and his association with Indra Bishnoi. According to the statements of Amarchand, it was Devra, who had claimed to have seen the sleaze CD and asked Amarchand to collect payment from Indra for making him to file a complaint against Maderna in court. He was directed not to name Malkhan Singh Bishnoi in the case.In the absence of Indra, CBI is also trying to find out if their role was limited to implicating Madnera or they were aware of the entire conspiracy right from the beginning and were mute supporters of the game.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12674255", "title": "Villagers bat for Basua development", "text": "GUMLA: Residents of Basua village though known for giving much importance to their mutual differences showed unprecedented unity at a meeting for the sake of bringing all round development in the village. At the meeting with the district administrative officials the villagers unanimously supported the fact that development was the need of the hour.Stressing on the necessity of unity as the first and foremost requirement for development, deputy development commissioner Punai Oraon urged the villagers to maintain what they showed during the meeting attended jointly by the officials from almost all the departments.He underlined the role of education in ensuring bright and prosperous future to the children and appealed the villagers to shun all social ills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12676230", "title": "Prajna to celebrate silver jubilee year on Tuesday", "text": "MANGALORE: Prajna counselling centre, which was started by three women professors, completed 25 years of rendering yeomen service to help the poor, women in distress, children, physically challenged, drug addicts, HIV infected, slum dwellers and those who are economically backward in the region.The centre was successful in rehabilitating hundreds of poor families and empowering women in the past two and a half decades. Several schemes of state government, central government, national and foreign institutions were implemented by the centre successfully.The centre started the therapeutic counseling service for psychic patients, drug addicts and the aged in 1987. It has a history of offering free counseling for 9,843 people since its inception.As many as 16,651 alcoholics were brought back to the mainstream through counseling by the centre. Similarly, the centre lent helping hand to 6,121 women, who were in distress. SHGs, special school for child labourers, child protection centre, parents care centre, helpline for women, short stay home for women and children, vocational training centre, Prajna positive network, Spoorthi SHG for physically challenged and women empowerment programme are some of the branches of Prajna Counselling Centre, which is rendering service to society.The centre was honoured with 'vishesha manyatha prashasti' by Sandesha Prathishtana in 1997. Meanwhile, the state government had bestowed 'child welfare award 2000-01' considering the contributions of the centre in rehabilitating child labourers, street children and orphans.The centre will celebrate its silver jubilee on April 17 at Milagres Jubilee Hall here. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will be the guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669630", "title": "Slum boy fights all odds to crack IIT entrance", "text": "KOLKATA: Poverty could not rein in the spirit of this youth and hold him back from fighting his way through all odds.Unlike many youngsters in his neighbourhood who had resigned to fate, Monoranjan Bera worked hard to change his destiny. Bera has ranked 50th in the IIT entrance examination to a joint MSc-PhD programme.Bera, living in a single room tenement at Bhatapukur in Kharagpur, can serve as an example to youngsters.\"One needs to visit his house to perceive of Bera's determination. The single-room tenement is little more than a shanty in a slum, primarily inhabited by tribals. I know him from childhood and his perseverance became evident when he scored 409 in the Higher Secondary examinations and topped the list in Kharagpur. In college, his first year results weren't too good but Bera didn't give up. He has kept up the hard work and we expect him to score over 60% in the final exams that are on,\" said Uttam Ghosh, who taught Bera at the Midnapore College.Bera says that he had always wanted to go in for research or take up teaching as a career. After completing school from Inda Krishnalal Shiksha Niketan, he took up Chemistry (Hons) at Midnapore College. Along with his regular studies, Bera prepared for joint admission test for MSc 2012 (JAM 2012). He cracked JAM 2012, organized by the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, for itself and seven other IITs at Delhi, Kharagpur, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Madras and Roorkee.\"I couldn't afford private tuitions so I continued studying at home. My professors, particularly Tridib Tripathy, who taught me Organic Chemistry in college and our former teacher Amalendu Ghoshal, supported me a lot. I also received a lot of financial support from Ujjal Sengupta, a social worker who lives nearby. I still don't know how much I will have to pay for the course. We will have to fill-up and submit a form by May 25 after which the details will become clear. I would certainly like to study at IIT, Kharagpur as the other expenses involved will be less,\" said Bera. His father runs a pan shop on OT Road while his mother works as a farm labourer during the harvesting season.Sengupta and his wife Chaitali came to know of Bera when he was in school and helped him with books, clothes and fees. \"He got through to an engineering college in Kolaghat after his HS but Bera preferred to study Chemistry at Midnapore College. He has made us proud by cracking JAM 2012,\" Sengupta said. IIT, Kharagpur introduced the joint MSc- PhD course in Chemistry in 2009-10. According to Bera, the programme offers a borderless course structure with opportunity to pursue cuttingedge interdisciplinary research.It involves course work in the first two years, while research project begins from the third semester.According to IIT, Kharagpur sources, the MSc and PhD graduates find placements in high-ranking universities and institutes in India, USA and Europe. They are also in high demand in industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673396", "title": "Car not involved in accident: Owner", "text": "VADODARA: The owner of the car involved in the hit-and-run case that left two dead on Thursday night has claimed that the vehicle was not involved in the accident and was with him. He has claimed that his car was golden, while the one police are looking for is black.Jigar Patel, who owns Hyundai Verna that was allegedly involved in the case, claimed that his car was with him at a party plot on Sama-Savli Road when the incident took place and that he has written in this regard to the city police commissioner. He said that the location of his cellular phone could be used to verify his claims.Patel said accused driver Narsimha Reddy did not drive his car and drove the car of his father. He has added that at his residence, too, the police had mentioned that while the registration number had led them to him, the car allegedly involved in the incident was black. He has claimed that the police also checked the car of his father, but found nothing wrong.The police on the other hand insisted that the number of the car was clearly mentioned in the FIR and there was no confusion. Makarpura police inspector L B Monpara said there are chances that a defence is being built for the accused by doing this. \"The driver even claimed that he was beaten in custody. But medical examination has ruled this out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669986", "title": "AIPMT: Only 12% candidates clear the prelims", "text": "NAGPUR: The final edition of All India Pre-medical/Pre-dental Test (AIPMT) proved to be as tough as its predecessors with only 12 per cent of candidates qualifying. Last year, about 13 per cent candidates had cleared the preliminary medical exam. The successful students will now have to appear for the final exam on May 13.The exam conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is in its final lap, as from next year the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) will be the sole entrance exam for admissions to medical colleges in almost all the states, including Maharashtra.This year 2,75,742 candidates had registered for the exam but only 2,57,960 candidates appeared. Of those who did appear, only 30,788 qualified for the AIPMT final exams. Girls just about edged the boys in the overall tally this year with 15,620 (out of 30,788) of them clearing the exam.Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"The results are in line with the previous ones displaying the toughness of the exam. Now these 30,000 students will appear for the final exam which will eliminate a huge chunk of candidates again. There is a month left for the final exam hence students should now thoroughly revise the syllabus.\"This exam is being conducted for the 15 per cent quota in government medical colleges. In Maharashtra the remaining seats will be filled through the MHT-CET exam slated for next month.Category successful CandidatesUnreserved + OBC28,081Unreserved + OBC (Phy handicapped) 61SC 2,272SC (physically handicapped) 3ST 368ST (physically handicapped) 3TOTAL30,788", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670849", "title": "Marking movie\u2019s high moment", "text": "When Dadasaheb Phalke spooled the reel of Raja Harishchandra on May 3, 1913 at Coronation Cinema in Mumbai, little would he have realized that he was winding the tape for an industry that would go on to be the biggest common denominator of his country's identity in the decades to come. Little would he have known that it would traverse every possible barrier in this pluralist country and become what veteran actor Farooq Sheikh describes as the \"largest cultural amalgamation of India.\"As the industry that Phalke gave birth to unwittingly with his first film enters its centenary year, the country is ready to pay an enduring tribute to the date he immortalized with the first public screening of the first full-length Indian feature film.From this year onwards, the National Film Awards will be given away annually on May 3, unlike in the past when it didn't have any fixed date; the honours were usually done in September-October . The new permanent pin on the film calendar is only a part of the celebrations that the ministry of information and broadcasting is set to announce at the ceremony for the 59th National Film Awards in Delhi this May 3. A package to officially kickstart the centenary celebrations is already in place and other projects are likely to be added as the year progresses.\"As part of the celebrations, we will set in motion an ambitious and massive project, the National Heritage Mission, to digitalize and restore all audio-video tapes of Indian films that we would be able to lay our hands on. This is over and above the digitization work that is already taking place,\" informs Uday Kumar Varma, secretary, I&B; ministry. He adds that a fund of Rs 500 crore has been set aside for this mission in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-2017 ) and its archives will be set up in a hilly area to protect films from temperature and humidity.The first of its kind Museum of Indian Cinema is also in the offing. \"The museum will be housed in two buildings at the Films Division premises in Mumbai . The heritage building of Gulshan Mahal, a popular filming location, should be completely ready by December and the new, modern building should get ready by next year,\" says Varma. Other plans include a single window clearance for film locations in the country, a float dedicated to the centenary at the next year's Republic Day parade, a postal stamp, and people's participation in the celebrations through a website being put together by the National Film Archives of Pune. The celebrations will go beyond Indian shores through prestigious festivals - India has already been declared the partner country at next year's Cannes Film Festival.While the industry as well as popular television channels that run on films either completely or partially are yet to give final shape to their plans, insiders are beginning to feel the high that should reach its crescendo in the next few months. Says Shabana Azmi, \"One hundred years is a huge marking time and it's a good opportunity to look at the way the industry has evolved. One of the most important changes that have taken place in these 100 years is the way women are portrayed in cinema. Today, actresses get to portray roles of independent, working girls, which is heartening even though we have a long way to go.\" Azmi, however, rues the fact that our films are beginning to tamper with \"the unique Indian identity of song and dance routines. Indian cinema should not do away with it completely as these make us different from the world. It's part of our DNA.\"Prasoon Joshi seems to be on the same wavelength when he says, \"As a song writer, I think this event should reserve a special mention for songs as the country wouldn't have known what to sing on innumerable evenings of antakshari and bonfires without the poets and lyricists who gave words to the philosophy of the common man through unforgettable songs.\" Besides the song, films have given much more to all of us - as Joshi says, the films have given us ways in which to celebrate, talk, behave, express and even carry our total beings. Let the festivities begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669395", "title": "Vicky donor? Na, Munnabhai MBBS is actually preferred", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bollywood movie 'Vicky Donor' deals with sperm donation and infertility and revolves around how unemployed but good looking Vicky becomes most sought after for his genetic material to help childless couples give birth to perfect babies. Local IVF experts say that in the local industry, engineers and medical students are most sought after as donors, as childless couples request good-looking and highly educated donors.Among the women egg donors, nurses and design and architecture students are most sought after as most of them have the looks and the brains promising the couples a good genetic material substitute.Doctors say that following the Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) Bill guidelines, the ART banks in the city will also be able to offer good money to the youngsters who are not averse to parting with their genetic material.\"Doctors and engineers are the most sought after for sperm donation as the Indian society's fixation for engineers and doctors refuses to die. While less educated people with low incomes are forthcoming as donors, our sperm banks have to work hard to convince the educated students - doctors, engineers and MBAs - to part with their sperms for a handsome fee,\" said Dr Himanshu Bavishi, adding that the most educated sperm donor for his bank has been a super-specialist doctor - a urologist.With the ART guided banks being opened, doctors say that they are looking towards more educated youngsters and professional coming forwards for reproductive donations. Currently too, design and architecture girl students routinely walk in offering to donate their eggs for a hefty fee.\"We get many design and architecture students walking in offering to donate their eggs for Rs 40,000- 50,000 which will help them pay fee of one semester,\" says Dr Manish Banker, adding that maximum sperm donors are students from medical, engineering and management colleges apart from young professionals.Surrogacy specialist Dr Naina Patel says that nurses routinely offer to be surrogates as well as egg donors in Anand. On the other end of the spectrum, there are extremely poor women who offer to be surrogates to build a roof over their heads.Dr Patel said that educated women who offer their wombs on rent fetch as high as Rs 4.25 lakh plus Rs 3,000 per month annual maintenance, apart from other incentives. \"An American couple was so overwhelmed that it gifted Rs 11,000 plus and bore Rs 40,000 bill of the surgery of the child of the woman who was the surrogate of their twins,\" said Dr Patel.Genetic donation Handsome returnsDonor type Remuneration (in Rs)Sperm Rs 300 to 5,000Eggs Rs 15,000 to 35,000Womb on rent Rs 3 lakh to 4.5 lakh(Remuneration depends on the personality, physical traits and qualification of the donors)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12679951", "title": "Hazarika's song on every lip", "text": "SHILLONG: Though music maestro Bhupen Hazarika passed away almost six months ago, this hill station continues to hum the bard's \"Shillongore Monalisa Lyngdoh...tumar hator guitar khonit jhili mili music bojai jua\" even today This immortal composition by Bhupen Hazarika urging an imaginary Khasi lady to keep strumming on the guitar also aptly describes the romance that prevails in Shillong during Bihu.The undulating hills separated from Assam almost forty years ago to form the new state of Meghalaya, yet the strains of the 'pepa' and the rhythmic beats of the 'dhol' still reverberate in the evergreen city of pines, the erstwhile capital of composite Assam. 'Bohag Bihu', the boisterous spring festival of Assam, marking the beginning of a new calendar still remains popular in the hills; people cut across all social barriers and join in the fun and frolic of Bihu in the 'Scotland of East'.\"Though I am a native of Assam, I spend the Bihu days in Shillong. People from every community join in the festivities here,\" said AbaniSarma, a busy functionary of a Rongali Bihu celebration committee here.\"In my childhood, Bhupen Hazarika and the melodious pair of Khagen and Archana Mahanta were regulars at the Bihu 'tolis' (pandals) in Shillong. Those days, Bhupenda used to be the major attraction and people would throng the city from several parts of the state and even from outside the state to listen to the maestro perform in open air,\" Mohan Das, a resident of the city recalled.\"He (Hazarika) would sing in several languages and invariably wind up hisprogramme with his popular number 'Shillongore Monalisa Lyngdoh',\" Das added.The Bengali New Year too was celebrated with gaiety in the Pine City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668517", "title": "Chickenpox cases on the rise", "text": "CHENNAI: As the temperature in the city soars, doctors say they are seeing an increase in the number of chickenpox cases. That's usual for summer, but this time, doctors say, more number of pregnant women and newborn babies have been infected.Chickenpox is a mild, but highly infectious condition caused by the Varicella-Zoster virus. The virus is highly contagious, especially between March and May.It spreads through the air when an infected person coughs or sneezes, or through contact with the fluid from chickenpox blisters. While it is most commonly found in children under 10, doctors say one can contract the disease at any age.Pregnant women and newborns, who tend to have a weaker immune system, are the most at risk. Unlike children, pregnant women can't be vaccinated against the disease. When infected, those in the early stages of pregnancy are advised abortion and those infected a week before labour are closely monitored. \"In the last 10 days, I have seen three cases. One of them went in for abortion. We are monitoring the other who is 24 weeks pregnant,\" said Apollo Hospital obstetrician gynaecologist Dr Jayashree Gajaraj.If the infection occurs in the early stages of pregnancy, it can cause serious problems to the child's development - it may be blinded by cataract or have serious nervous problems. If it occurs a week before delivery, it can be passed on to the child. Such children are also generally very sick, said neo-natologist Dr Deepa Hariharan of Sooriya Hospitals. \"One infected infant was less than a week old. It had severe shock and liver dysfunction. We had to work hard to help her survive and she was just lucky,\" she said.The incubation period for chickenpox is generally 14-16 days. It begins with rashes resembling \"crops\" of multiple, small red bumps similar to insect bites. These quickly develop into fluid-filled blisters which burst. Rashes usually appear on the upper body before spreading. Blisters can also appear in the mouth, throat and genital area. Groups of blisters can appear for several days with all stages of the rashes simultaneously being present.But the disease is harmless in most children, says paediatrician Dr S Balasubramaniam. \"I advised most patients to be vaccinated. Even if vaccinated children are infected, the severity of the disease isn't very high,\" he said. Those infected are advised to take lots of fluids and be quarantined at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ koraput", "code": "12674153", "title": "Hikaka release efforts hit bail hurdle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ KORAPUT: A day after Maoists freed Italian Bosusco Paolo from their month-long custody, the Odisha government on Friday said it was in touch with the Red rebels' lawyers to facilitate the release of certain prisoners so as to secure freedom for abducted Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka. The jailed persons, whom the government wants to free, however, do not want to go on bail and want withdrawal of cases against them.\"The district administration (of Koraput) has taken up the matter of filing of bail petitions with the advocate of the members of the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) and members of CPI (Maoist). Bail petitions are being organized,\" home secretary U N Behera told media persons here. Koraput collector Sachin Jadhav said, \"We are trying to convince the lawyer (of CMAS and Maoists) to move bail petitions.\" However, Nihar Patnaik, a lawyer who represents some members of CMAS and CPI (Maoist), told TOI: \"My clients are not willing to file bail applications. They want withdrawal of cases against them.\"This came on a day chief minister Naveen Patnaik undertook a whirlwind trip to Koraput and briefed Hikaka's family members about measures the state government had initiated to free the MLA. \"The family is deeply distressed and anxious under these terrible circumstances. I explained to them the state government's efforts to facilitate the MLA's release,\" Naveen said. Hikaka's wife Kaushalya said the CM assured her of her husband's return. \"I strongly believe he will come back,\" she said, appealing to Maoists to free Hikaka. Naveen also deliberated for two hours on the hostage crisis and local development issues with legislators and district officials.Earlier, co-advisor of CMAS, Dandapani Mohanty, had said the organization's president, Nachika Linga, had told him that they would not seek release of its activists by moving bail applications in courts and wants the government to withdraw the cases against those CMAS activists whom it has committed to release. Mohanty said the government can withdraw cases under section 321 of Criminal Procedure Code, which provides for the public prosecutor in charge of a case, with the consent of the court, before the judgment is pronounced withdraw from prosecution of a person under trial. The state government, which describes CMAS as a Maoist frontal outfit, had on April 5 announced it would free 23 persons (15 CMAS activists and eight Maoists) for Hikaka's freedom and four others for Paolo's release. Those to be freed for the Italian include two CMAS activists, Suka Nachika (who is relative of Nachika Linga) and Chakra Tadingi.Official sources said efforts were on to expeditiously release those prisoners whom the government has committed by following the judicial process. But AOBSZC and CMAS seem stubborn in their stand not to move bail pleas. Moreover, AOBSZC, which is holding Hikaka captive since March 23 night, has demanded release of five other prisoners, including top rebel Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi and CMAS advisor Gananath Patra. Behera said the government was yet to take a decision on the demand.Meanwhile, over 80 tribal families, who were driven out from their villages in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon blocks by the CMAS activists in 2009, were disappointed on Friday when they waited in front of the Circuit House in Koraput for hours to air their grievances to the chief minister, but failed to get any specific answer from him regarding their plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670673", "title": "4 years on, drunk driving kin still wait for justice", "text": "Over four years after Gale Almeida was crushed to death by a drunk driver at Bandra-Kurla Complex, her family is still looking for answers. The Almeidas and their friends have made countless trips to the police station to find out the status of the case, but have always been given the run-around . After the recent spate of drunkdriving incidents brought the issue back into focus, the family has stressed on the necessity to fast-track such cases and secure convictions. The chargesheet was filed a year after the accident in 2009, and the case is still under trial. The Almeidas were not aware of this.Gale (36), an Andheri (E) resident , was returning from a religious function at BKC with a friend on January 21, 2008. She was walking towards Bandra station when college student Sanket Sonawane rammed his Fiat Palio into her and six other pedestrians. Gale was rushed to Sion Hospital where she died. Another pedestrian, Martha Tuttamodi, who was taken to Bhabha Hospital also passed away. At the time, Sonavane who was allegedly inebriated, was 23 years old.Gale's husband, Jason, said he can't put into words the emotional turmoil he has been going through. \"The BKC event was a healing programme and we had attended it together for three days. But the event got extended and Gale went with a friend on the last day. That's when the accident occurred,\" he said. Jason has since immersed himself in his work at a non-profit organization.The Almeidas point out that Sonawane, the son of a BMC official from MIG colony, was caught for driving under the influence of alcohol in 2005 as well. \"The police were the complainants in the FIR so we expected things to move swiftly. But to date, they have not contacted us even once to communicate the progress in the case,\" a relative said. When the Almeidas visit BKC police station, they are given 'evasive replies' . \"A couple of times, we were directed to the Bandra metropolitan court where constables maintaining a record of cases took down our details. But no one ever got back to us. Shouldn't the prosecution summon the kin of the deceased if the case is being tried?,\" asked a relative.Gale and Jason had a love marriage and were planning to have children. \"Nakabandis conducted by traffic cops only last for a few days and then things go back to the way they were. Gale's family is still waiting for justice,\" said Jason's friend, Stanley Moses.Times ViewSniffing out drunk drivers on the road is not enough to end the menace. Exemplary punishment for the guilty can act as the most important deterrent for potential law-breakers. Unfortunately, few high-profile cases (besides Alistair Pereira's ) have reached their logical conclusion in court. And, if this 2008 case is any indication, victims and their families cannot be faulted for thinking that the Mumbai Police does not take this problem seriously enough. The perceived lack of follow-up of these cases passively encourages violations of law and can lead to more such tragedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670238", "title": "Dacoit killed in Chambal after 3-hour encounter", "text": "JAIPUR: The ravines of Chambal once again echoed with piercing sounds of bullets on Friday night when a dreaded dacoit was shot dead after a three-hour long encounter. At least three dacoits managed to escape from the spot. The dead man is identified as Rameshwar Gujjar.According to the police, they got a tip-off that some dacoits were spotted in Chirmali Ki Khon village in Karanpur police station area in Karauli district.\"A team of anti-dacoit force (ADF) and the local police were rushed there. At least five dacoits were surrounded by the police team. They were told to surrender, but they opened fire at the police,\" an officer said.He added that several rounds of fire were exchanged between dacoits and the police. \"Two of the dacoits -- Rameshwar Gujjar and Jagmohan Meena -- were nabbed from the spot. However, Rameshwar had sustained bullet injuries on his neck. He succumbed to the injuries at a hospital later,\" said the officer.Three of the dacoits -- Hariya Gujjar, Kedar Meena and Ramveer Gujjar -- managed to escape. \"They had been surrounded, but taking advantage of darkness, they escaped. It is suspected they have entered UP. Police of the nearby state has also been informed,\" said the officer.\"We have also seized five country-made guns and 200 cartridges. Both Rameshwar Gujjar and Jagmohan Meena had several cases of murder, attempt to murder and kidnapping cases registered against them,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669915", "title": "Indo-US effort picks Cept University for clean energy research", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based Cept University has been identified as one of three top educational institutes from the country that will participate in a prestigious Indo-US effort for cutting edge research in the field of clean energy.Both the countries have announced a joint $125 million fund for the US-India Joint Clean Energy Research and Development Center (JCERDC), which is part of the US-India Partnership to Advance Clean Energy. US President Barack Obama had first announced the initiative during his visit to India in November 2009.Besides Cept, the Indian Institute of Science-Bangalore and the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology- Hyderabad, have been identified from India for the project. From the US, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory-University of Florida and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory have been selected.Researchers will work on solar technology, advanced biofuels and technologies that can reduce energy use, cut dependence on foreign oil, and accelerate the deployment of renewable energy sources.As part of a planned five-year initiative, the US energy department will make $5 million available in 2012. The department plans to make additional requests to the Congress for up to $20 million over the next four years. India has committed $25 million over five years that will be used to support work by Indian institutions and individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675220", "title": "Doctors\u2019 rally against recovery order", "text": "BHOPAL: Doctors from all six government medical colleges of Madhya Pradesh will take out a rally in Bhopal on May 6 to protest the state government's 'failure' to concede their demands, said the Madhya Pradesh Medical Officers Association (MPMOA) in a press release in the city on Saturday. Representatives from Rewa, Gwalior, Bhopal, Indore, Jabalpur and Sagar will meet in Bhopal on April 22 to decide the future course of action.The association is demanding withdrawal of orders of the health department to recover cash benefits extended to them under time scale promotions, implementation of 6th pay commission and time-bound promotion for all. MPMOA secretary Ashok Sharma said the chief minister assured the doctors in July, October and December in 2011 and later in February this year that neither salary would be reduced nor money would be recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670455", "title": "MCD polls: Extra cops to keep election day peaceful", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police will be on high alert with extra security measures at polling booths on Sunday. Sixty companies of Delhi Police and paramilitary forces have been deployed especially for patrolling and a close watch will be kept on sensitive areas. Another 15,000 police officers and 15,000 home guards have been earmarked for the booths. PCR vans and emergency response vehicles will also keep patrolling VIP and sensitive areas.Special commissioner of police (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar said, \"The officers will be on patrol duty the whole day.\" Police will also make elaborate security arrangements for timely movements of VIPs.Officials say they have tightened the vigil at the borders to keep a check on the suspected vehicles coming to the capital, so that no candidate can smuggle illicit liquor to woe the voters. \"We will step up vigil at the border check posts and unmanned exit/entry points to check smuggling of liquor and trafficking of illegal fire arms, besides transportation of currency,\" an official said.Earlier this week, senior officials of Delhi and neighbouring states met to evolve a strategy for peaceful conduct of the polling. The meeting was chaired by Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673723", "title": "Looking good reaches new high, in the pits", "text": "The humble armpit is the new playground for fancy cosmetic procedures. And the onset of summer has only doubled the demand, experts tell Anuradha Varma.Last fortnight, a British tabloid clapped approvingly as Hollywood star Tom Cruise's wife, Katie Holmes , was photographed wrinkling her forehead as she stepped out of an LA restaurant, squinting in the sun. And that, said the paper, was an oddity in an industry that was finding it tough to react to a joke, thanks to frozen Botoxed faces. \"Yes, that's a real smile,\" read a cheeky caption.They can't speak with as much certainty about her underarms, though. The cosmetic world, it seems, is gurgling with excitement at the sight of the approaching summer. Summer equals heat equals stringy, sleeveless dresses and sporty vests. And that means the spotlight is now on an entirely new, and unexplored terrain - the armpit.Relentless rounds of shaving, lavish sprays of anti-perspirants and flaking are leading to what New Delhi-based Ritu Makhija terms, \"chicken skin underarms\". The result? Worry. The solution? Botox.\"I have young male professionals come by for a shot of Botox, as do several women CEOs. The male to female client ratio at my clinic is 60:40, in favour of men,\" says Dr Navin Taneja, director, National Skin Centre in Delhi. Each sitting costs between 30,000 and 50,000, with repeat sessions required every six months.Botulinum toxin, popularly known as Botox, paralyses the sweat glands, leaving the armpit dry, stain andodour-free. Looking good, is clearly, no longer just about the face. \"Now, it's about being presentable from head to toe,\" says Dr Geetika Mittal Gupta, dermatologist and medical director at the International Skin and Anti-Aging Centre. Gupta, who treated four patients last summer, says she has noticed a demand for the treatment in metros, especially among 23 to 50-year-olds. Dr Taneja has administered underarm Botox for close to 25 patients in the last six months.That makes look-conscious, deeppocketed Indians stand not too far behind their New York counterparts, who are said to have convinced their therapists to try facial dermabrasion under their arms. Last month, Bliss Spa launched the Underarmy, a new service to cater to growing demand, reported a fashion magazine.Microdermabrasion (MDA) is an exfoliation procedure done using alpha hydroxy acids. What it does is cause the skin to peel over a period of time, giving way to a new, smooth layer. \"Now, we combine it with electoporation, a process through which active ingredients like vitamin C , are transferred into the client's skin, for better results,\" explains Gupta. A single sitting could cost between 3,000 and 5,000, depending on the area and technology used. The procedure lasts close to 20 minutes, and five to 10 sessions may be required for desired results. But the wise and wary speak of the danger of ODing on clinical treatments. Simple and regular moisturising can improve the condition of sensitive underarm skin, say experts. A good rub of virgin coconut oil improves skin texture and keeps wrinkles at bay, says Makhija.Why the razor isn't your friend: Herbal cosmetics manufacturer Shahnaz HusainI Shaving is quick and hassle-free but the hair grows back quickly. Repeated shaving leaves the hair tough, and the skin, fragile. Rash and discolouration are common. Waxing plucks out hair from the roots , leaving the armpit fuzz-free longer, and with a lesser chance of ingrowth (hair curls and grows inwards into the skin). The lemon and sugar mix in wax helps prevent darkening of skin. I Gently massage a body scrub into the area to prevent ingrowth. I Mix gram flour (besan) with some yogurt, lemon juice and a pinch of turmeric to make a paste. Apply (three times a week) and wash after half an hour to keep skin smooth and pigment-free.Cheap route to dream underarmsDon't apply deodorants directly onto the skin; leads to discolouration and eczema. Apply deo on the inner layers of clothes. Apply a moisturiser on the area every night to avoid flaky skin. Strong laundry detergent that remains on your clothes could cause irritation too. If a rash occurs, soak yourself in an oatmeal bath to soothe skin and relieve itching. - Poonam Sharma, Mantra Spa\"I have young male professionals come by for a shot of botox, as do several women ceos. the male to female client ratio at my clinic is 60:40, in favour of men\" - Dr Navin Taneja", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "groom buffer zones", "code": "12670132", "title": "Pugmarks for the future", "text": "GROOM BUFFER ZONES: Tiger is the mainstay and elusive icon of wildlife tourism in the region. Tiger tourism is burgeoning day by day. In fact, parks such as Tadoba, Nagzira and Pench have reached their saturation point. There is no point in putting further curbs on tourism in these areas. Therefore, authorities should also promote forests outside protected areas to tourists. These areas are just as rich in wildlife and have lesser restrictions. Something similar has been done at Kruger National Park in South Africa with good results.FORM SEPARATE CORPORATION: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation does not give due importance to the region and its forest wealth. Neither is there adequate promotion of the wildlife parks nor are proper funds provided to improve infrastructure. A dedicated body such as the Vidarbha Tourism Development Corporation can turn the situation around. Moreover, the forest department should have dedicated staff just to handle tourism. This clear demarcation of duties has been done in Madhya Pradesh , and the results have been good.GET HELP FROM CENTRE: Pressure should be mounted on the Union government to open an office of the department of tourism in Nagpur, given that it is the access point for many high-profile tiger reserves in Central India. The office will bring in much-needed attention to Nagpur as Gateway to Tiger Country. Additionally, kiosks promoting tourism should be set up at Nagpur and even places like Amravati. Finally, the region's forests must be highlighted in the iconic Incredible India campaign.INCREASE 'BRAND NAGPUR' VISIBILITY: It can be something as simple as NMC putting up hoardings and arches at the airport, railway station and market places about Nagpur's wildlife hub status. When airplanes land in Nagpur, announcements in the vein of 'Welcome to Tiger Capital Nagpur' can be made so that those from outside the state or India immediately associate tiger tourism with the city. Just as Kerala is synonymous with the tagline 'God's own country', Nagpur should be heavily marketed as Gateway to Tiger Country.BRING BENEFITS TO LOCALS: Stringent forest guidelines call for restrictions on activities of people living on fringes of the forests. Villages falling inside reserves are rehabilitated outside protected areas. This may create resentment and alienate local communities, and may even create abettors to forest crimes. However, if these locals are employed as protection staff, forest guides, drivers or in tourist resorts, they will get benefits of tiger tourism. Revenue thus generated should also be pumped back to improve basic infrastructure in surrounding villages.facilitate ONLINE BOOKING: Although Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation recently started online booking of its resorts, booking of wildlife safaris in tiger reserves is still a cumbersome affair. While safari booking for Tadoba has to be done in Chandrapur, that of Nagzira has to be done in Gondia. This is discouraging for most tourists. The model of MP tourism, which allows online checking of availability and safari booking, should be followed. This is imperative if tiger tourism of the region has to be promoted on the national and international level.IMPROVE BEHAVIOUR: For tourists, a welcoming attitude is as important sound infrastructure and good amenities. Not just the government, even the general public should feel strongly about projecting Nagpur as the tiger capital. Just like we clean up our homes before guests arrive, Nagpurians should put things in order. This includes ensuring safety of tourists, having honest and courteous cab drivers, having helpful hotel staff and so on. Locals should make sure that they don't behave rowdily in parks and follow all norms.HAVE VETS ON CALL: While poaching is an ever-present threat to wild animals, lack of prompt medical care is also an area of concern. In one case, it was observed through examination of droppings that tigers were suffering from ringworm infection. If such sick animals are treated urgently, many deaths can be prevented. Many animals also get injured in territorial fights and many cases of tiger or leopard cubs being orphaned due to the poaching of their mother have been reported. Qualified vets and a good rescue centre can be of immense help to forest officials in such cases.PROMOTE HOMESTAYS: For tourists looking to experience how locals live, homestays are the answer. Not only are they much more economical than regular hotels or resorts, they also benefit locals who can host tourists. Locals should be given basic grooming in hospitality so that they can give tourists an insight into the local cuisine, architecture, customs and tradition.CREATE VARIED INTERESTS: While the tiger is the main attraction, there are many facets about Vidarbha that can be promoted. Museums and shops showcasing local handicrafts and resorts inviting locals to present traditional songs and dances can enrich tourist experience. Even something like the tribal theatre of Zadipatti, known outside the region, can be highlighted. Using geographical features such as rivers and mountains to promote adventure activities can also be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12674173", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to skip chief ministers' meet on internal security tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee will not attend chief ministers' meeting on internal security to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on April 16.However, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa will attend the meet.Jayalalithaa is scheduled to leave on the morning of April 16 and return the same day, a government release said on Sunday.Jayalalithaa was among a set of chief ministers, including Mamata Banerjee of West Bengal, who had opposed the scheduling of controversial National Centre for Counter Terrorism (NCTC) as part of the April 16 meeting on internal security and had demanded with the Prime Minister that the issue be discussed separately.Jayalalithaa, Mamata and Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik are opposed to the setting up of the NCTC, saying it was against the federal structure.The Centre had last week heeded the demand of these leaders, with Union home minister P Chidambaram writing to them saying NCTC will be discussed at a separate meeting on May 5.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12674478", "title": "Eye on future, Jharkhand Sports Academy organizes age-group meets in IPL mould", "text": "RANCHI: IPL fever is running high in the capital and people of all age groups are enjoying watching the Indian Premier League in the evening. Some are even playing cricket during the day. The Jharkhand Sports Academy (JSA) has organized an under-14 T20 tournament in the same format as IPL.The tournament is called Champions League T20 under-14 Cricket. JSA secretary Ashok Kumar said, \"After Dhoni became popular, the interest of people in the city has increased a lot and every child wants to grow up and become like Dhoni. Also many cricketers from Jharkhand are playing in IPL this year, so children think that if they try hard, they can also be a part of IPL in future. That's why we decided to organize this tournament.\"The tournament started on April 3 with 16 teams. Kumar said, \"Children came up with the idea of naming the teams like IPL teams themselves.\" A few popular teams playing are JSA Warriors, Star Club, Junior Challengers Manthan, Aryan Azad, Warrior 11, Taj Rockers and Rockmans. Aditya, a member of JSA Warriors, said, \"All of us playing in the tournament watch IPL every night to follow our favourite cricketers.\"The tournament has been organized with the idea of improving the skills of the students and make them utilize time instead of wasting it. Kumar said, \"This is a time when the students don't have the pressure of studies as the summer vacations would be starting soon. So this is the best time to organize such events.\"Another tournament will be organized from May 16 called Champions League T20 under-16 Cricket. The quarter-finals and final of the match will be organized in the evening and the league matches in the morning. After both tournaments are over, a match between the winning teams of these leagues will be held.The tournament is called Champions League T20 under-14 Cricket. JSA secretary Ashok Kumar said, \"After Dhoni became popular, the interest of people in the city has increased a lot and every child wants to grow up and become like Dhoni. Also many cricketers from Jharkhand are playing in IPL this year, so children think that if they try hard, they can also be a part of IPL in future. That's why we decided to organize this tournament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12673563", "title": "Egypt bars 10 candidates from presidential polls", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt's Election Commission has barred 10 presidential hopefuls, including former spy chief Omar Suleiman and Muslim Brotherhood's Khairat al-Shater, from running in the upcoming polls, a move that could dramatically alter the race for the country's top post.Salafist politician Hazem Abu Ismail, considered a key candidate along with the two, is also among the total of 10 candidates barred from running in the elections.Farouk Sultan, the head of the Supreme Presidential Election Commission, on Saturday confirmed the decision, but declined to give any details on the reasons for their disqualification.Suleiman, a former ally of Mubarak whose nomination had sparked protests, was apparently barred because he failed to get enough signatures to endorse his last minute candidature, BBC reported.The hardline Islamists hopeful Abu Ismail was ruled out because his mother has American citizenship.Shater, the leader of the powerful Muslim Brotherhood , has been barred because of a former criminal conviction.The candidates and their supporters have expressed anger over the move and large demonstrations are expected in the capital, the report said.Candidates who have been disqualified can appeal the decision within 48 hours.First round of elections is due in May, more than a year after former President Hosni Mubarak was ousted.Candidates who remain in the race include former Arab League chief Amr Moussa, moderate Islamist Abdul-Moneim Abulfotouh and former prime minister Ahmed Shafiq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kabul", "code": "12676790", "title": "Taliban attacks Kabul and 3 more cities, all Indians safe", "text": "KABUL: Heavily-armed Taliban suicide bombers today unleashed a wave of coordinated attacks in Afghanistan with several explosions and gunfire rocking the diplomatic area and Parliament in Kabul and three other cities but no Indian target was attacked.According to India's ambassador to Afghanistan Gautam Mukhopadhyay, all Indians were safe.ITBP director general Ranjit Sinha said there was no threat to the Indian embassy as it was located three to four km away from the scene of the attack this afternoon by the Taliban gunmen who came from different directions in perhaps an unprecedented assault of this nature.Taliban claimed responsibility for around a dozen attacks by the gunmen in central Kabul which has stunned Afghan authorities. Any casualties is still unknown but Kabul police chief Mohammad Ayoubi Salangi was quoted as having said one attacker had been killed near the Parliament.The militants attacked five-star Kabul Star Hotel in Wazir Akhbar Khan area of the capital and some tried to enter the Afghan parliament firing rockets but were engaged by security forces and driven back, officials said.An unknown number of Taliban men armed with light and heavy weapons targeted Afghan governmental and International offices in three different areas of Kabul, police said.A number of Taliban militants took positions at a newly-build building at the Shahr-e-Naw, a neighborhood of Kabul. They battled with Afghan forces for several hours after the militants began assaulting Western embassies.The building is located close to American embassy, Turkey embassy, presidential palace, Iranian embassy, ISAF's headquarters, German embassy, UK embassy and different other diplomatic offices.\"I am on the spot and hearing the gunfire being traded between the suicide bombers and Afghan forces. Until now I heard several explosions,\" a PTI correspondent reported from the scene of attack.In a text message to the reporters, Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahed said: \"Today, afternoon, at 1 pm, suicide bombings are happening by our Mujaheddeen at the ISAF headquarters, Parliament building, and other diplomatic offices in Kabul, and our enemies got many casualties.\"The militants also struck at an airport in Jalalabad, Logar and Paktia.A few others Taliban militants armed with heavy weapons positioned at a newly-build building are targeting Afghan parliament at the Darul Aman area of Kabul. The battle is ongoing between Afghan and Taliban militant forces, Afghan private tv, Tolo Tv, said today.Another group of militants are targeting an ISAF's base, Turkish military base, and a training camp of Afghan national army at Pule Charkhi area of Kabul. They are targeting them from a building which they took under their control.According to the eyewitness, suicide bombers had taken over the newly-built five-star hotel in Kabul, which was reportedly on fire.Outside Kabul, two suicide bombers blew themselves up at the gates to Jalalabad airport in eastern city of Nangarhar province, wounding several people, police said.Four bombers tried to enter the airport and two detonated their explosives when they were stopped at the gate, officials said. Two others were wounded and arrested.Taliban militants also attacked ISAF's Provincial Reconstruction Team, Or PRT, in Jalalabad. \"The battle is going on,\" Tolo tv said.\"In Jalalabad, several mujahidin attacked airport and PRT compound. The fighting is going on and our mujahidin are showing very strong resistance,\" the Taliban spokesman said.According to reports, Taliban also attacked military academy compound in Jalalabad road, District No 9 of Kabul.In Logar province, Taliban militants attacked a police compound, PRT compound and provincial intelligence department.In Paktia province also, Taliban attacked police regional zone compound, airport, police headquarters and intelligence department. \"The fighting is going on in all the provinces,\" Mujahed said.\"Our mujahidin are equipped with small and heavy weapons and also suicide vests,\" Mujahed said, adding \"this attack was planned very well.\"\"Mujahidin attacked Afghanistan parliament compound and still the fighting is going on and we don't have casualties reports until now,\" the Taliban spokesman said.The attackers also fired rockets at the parliament building and at the Russian embassy, officials said.The embassies were not immediately available to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668634", "title": "2 arrested for blackmailing stockbroker", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple was arrested on Saturday for allegedly blackmailing a stockbroker. The accused had stolen the broker's cellphone, which contained photographs of him in a compromising position with his girlfriend. They threatened to upload the images if he refused to pay up. The victim, Sachin Lotankar (34), initially gave in to their demands, but later approached the Bandra police.The accused, Abdul Khan and his wife Ayesha, have been remanded in police custody till May 18. According to the police, Ayesha (43) sought Lotankar's advice on making financial investments. The two met in Bandra. \"Ayesha borrowed the victim's cellphone saying she wanted to call her husband. Ayesha stepped out with the phone but never returned,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "studies show heart attacks and heart disease are under-diagnosed in women, as their symptoms do not match that of men. to prevent a heart attack from sneaking up on you, watch for these seven little-known signs of heart attack ", "code": "12676385", "title": "Signs of heart attack women should know", "text": "Studies show heart attacks and heart disease are under-diagnosed in women, as their symptoms do not match that of men. To prevent a heart attack from sneaking up on you, watch for these seven little-known signs of heart attack :FatigueMore than 70 per cent of women reported extreme fatigue in the months prior to their heart attacks. This was an overwhelming fatigue that sidelined them from their usual schedules for a few days at a time.InsomniaDespite their fatigue, women who've had heart attacks remember experiencing unexplained inability to fall asleep during the month before their heart attacks.Anxiety and stressStress has long been known to up the risk of heart attack. But what women report is the emotional experience; before their heart attacks they felt anxious and stressed, more than usual.Indigestion or nauseaStomach pain, intestinal cramps , nausea, and digestive disruptions are other signs reported by women heart attack patients.Shortness of breathWomen couldn't catch their breath while walking up the stairs or doing other daily tasks.Flu-like symptomsClammy, sweaty skin, along with feeling light-headed and weak, can lead women to wonder if they have flu when, in fact, they're having a heart attack.Jaw, ear, neck, or shoulder painMany women say they felt pain and a sensation of tightness running along their jaw and down the neck, and sometimes up to the ear, as well. The pain may extend down to the shoulder and arm--particularly on the left side--or it may feel like a backache or pulled muscle in the neck and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12670004", "title": "Sonepur railway division earns Rs 1crore from ticket-checking drive", "text": "PATNA: The railways' ticket checking drive in Sonepur division yielded more than Rs 1 crore during the 2011-12 fiscal year.Lauding the role of railways officials working in Sonepur division, divisional railway manager (DRM), Sonepur, R L Gupta said passenger amenities improved a lot and the division registered record earnings in every segment during the last fiscal year.Inaugurating the 57th Railway Week function at Sonepur on Friday, the DRM maintained that railways carried out a massive track maintenance work for fast traffic movement. \"We lifted speed restriction from several routes for fast movement of trains. Escorting of trains has been beefed up to provide trouble-free journey to passengers,\" he said.The DRM said the railways had launched a drive in the division to nab passengers travelling without proper tickets. It yielded more than Rs 1 crore to the railways. He praised senior divisional commercial manager of Sonepur division, Sikha Srivastava, who has been selected by the Railway Board for the railway minister's award for her dedicated service.Punctuality has also improved under the division due to constant watch on the miscreants' activities, he said, adding that gates on 30 unmanned crossings in the division had been installed to check mishaps.Gupta said efforts were on to improve freight loading performance. The division registered about 16% increase in maize loading in 2011-2012. Besides, earning from loading of commodities like litchi has also substantially increased. The division witnessed a new era when the first electric train moved on January 14 this year. In two years from now, the division would have 100% electric traction, the DRM said.Altogether 239 employees were given individual awards on the occasion for their outstanding performance. Eight group awards were also given to railway officials and employees.One hundred and forty one persons were appointed on compassionate ground while 642 employees were given their settlement dues during 2011-2012, either on their retirement or in death cases, Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670233", "title": "Man arrested for filing fake documents", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Saturday arrested a 26-year-old share broker on charges of securing vehicle loans from various banks on the basis of fake documents and then selling them. Police said the accused had worked in a bank for some time where he learnt about the procedure of bank loans. He used to lodge FIRs with police after selling the vehicles saying that they were stolen.According to the police, the accused, Jitendra Choudhary alias Sonu, is a resident of Gangapur City in Sawai Madhopur district. \"He used various names for preparing bogus documents and secured loans from many banks,\" said a police officer.He added that the accused had got many bikes and a luxury car after getting loans from banks. He had registered FIRs with Shyam Nagar and Vaishali Nagar police stations saying these vehicles were stolen. He even got insurance claim for these vehicles and also got an LCD TV fraudulently.The police have seized eight ATM cards, two credit cards, four PAN cards and other fake documents from his possession,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668975", "title": "Golden Chariot to begin summer run", "text": "BANGALORE: The Golden Chariot will roll out on its maiden summer tour on April 16. Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC) officials say this will be the perfect test run before they introduce full-fledged summer trips on this luxury train next year.\"We're toying with the idea of running the Golden Chariot till April end from next year. The two trips lined up this April are precursors for it,\" M Srinivas, project director, Golden Chariot, told TOI.The luxury train will be flagged off April 16 and April 23. As of now, KSTDC has around 20 bookings for the April 16 trip and an approximate 25 bookings for the tour starting April 23. There's an incentive for triple-occupancy travelers.Will it not run at a loss given that the occupancy rate of this train is 80? \"Not really, as we had anticipated bookings to be somewhere around that mark considering this is the first year when the train will be out in April. We're happy by the response from people and enquiries from corporate groups so there's a fair chance for them to get converted into bookings,\" said Srinivas.Enticing changesThe train will have onboard attractions like live music and entertainment shows from 11am to 1pm every day of the trip. Officials said tourists need step out only after 4.30pm, well after the peak summer heat fades away. The special attraction is the 'Hampi by Night' wherein visitors are taken around popular Hampi monuments at night.The train will also cover the Daroji Bear Sanctuary, an addition to the existing itinerary. At present, apart from Palace on Wheels which runs through Rajasthan from September till April, none of the other luxury trains operate beyond March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669589", "title": "Auto driver rams into bus, flees in it", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An autorickshaw driver fled from near Vadaj AMTS depot on Saturday afternoon after being involed in an accident of an AMTS bus and later rammed it into three vehicles before fleeing from the spot. The freak accident left the city police hot on the driver's trail who has been absconding as on Saturday night.According to Naranpura police officials, Dilubhai Chauhan, 58, a resident of Daskroi, works as a driver with AMTS. He was getting his bus on Lal Darwaja route out at 4.30 pm on Saturday from Vadaj AMTS depot when an autorickshaw suddenly came into the view. Chauhan tried to avert the collision but the bus hit the auto and stood on the exit point. Chauhan went inside the depot to get help and report the incident when the auto driver entered the driver's cabin of the bus and started the vehicle.\"To astonishment of many, the auto driver zoomed off in the bus on busy Ashram Road. As the driver was probably not conversant with the bus gear system, he might have run barely for 100 meters when the bus hit three vehicles including a car and two scooters. To avert the collision, the driver took a sharp turn and directly hit a lamppost. The auto driver, described as a man in mid-thirties, then fled from the spot leaving the bus on the divider,\" said a Naranpura police official.Investigators said that they have got number of the autorickshaw and have seized the auto from the spot. \"We have sought information about the owner from RTO and are hopeful of getting it by Monday. It was an attempt to steal a government vehicle and it is a punishable offence,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673445", "title": "Mmmm\u2026 chocolates!", "text": "I have been feeling low these last few days. No, nothing is wrong. It's just one of those things that we girls periodically go through when for no reason we hate everything and everyone around us, except our girlfriends.And chocolates. Often, my model friends and I are watching our figures, so we stay away from brownies, cupcakes, pastries et al, but when the hormones are in overdrive, then all rules get broken. If you ask me, there are only two things that can make a girl happy - sex and shopping. And chocolate is the third. There are days when chocolate is my main food group. I read an article that said: Chocolate improves happiness, health and beauty.Sounds far-fetched, but I have allowed myself to believe in it. Takes care of the postbingeing guilt. Did you know that chocolate is also considered to be an aphrodisiac? Aztec ruler Montezuma is said to have drunk goblets full of a chocolate drink called xocolatl (bitter water) to provide stamina for his sexual conquests. It has also long been believed that chocolate bestows heightened feelings of sexuality upon the eater. Chocolate does, indeed, contain several comp o u n d s that have been shown to act on the brain in a myriad ways and induce pleasure. Guys should know that whenever a girl is feeling down and out, there's only one way to cheer her up - dark, white , bitter, sweet, nutty -, whatever her poison , just get her a chocolate hamper.I remember on one of my trips to LA, I saw a huge chocolate store. It was two floors of just chocolates, and there were as many wide-eyed kids as there were teenage girls and women in their 20s, 30s 40s...you get the idea. I don't see very many men being chocoholics. According to a study in the US, beer is to men what chocolate is to women. Lager delivers happiness to men. Last week on Easter , my friends sent me baskets of goodies. Chocolate eggs! And I am not sharing them with anyone. It's good to be selfish sometimes. let me leave you with this thought by Richard Warren: \"The most desired gift of love is not diamonds or roses or chocolate. It is focused attention.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12674545", "title": "SRK may have been detained because of his surname: Lata", "text": "MUMBAI: Melody queen Lata Mangeshkar says that Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan's surname might have been the reason for his detention for a second time at a US airport.Shah Rukh, 46, was detained and questioned at a New York airport for two hours on Thursday, sparking outrage in India.When asked to comment on the incident, Lata said, \"What do I say... I guess it might be due to the terrorist attacks which have made them (US authorities) more alert. It may be due to his surname or maybe not. I don't know why it happened.... They might be suspicious, so...,\" she told reporters here on Saturday evening.\"I feel Shah Rukh has become slim, lost weight so they could not recognize him,\" she said jokingly.The 82-year-old legendary singer on Saturday evening announced the winners for this year's Master Deenanath Mangeshkar award.Madhuri Dixit Nene would be receiving the award for her contribution to Indian cinema.Talking about the actress, Lata said, \"I know Madhuri is returning to films after long time. She is back in Mumbai. I am sure she would do good work in films again. She is a very good and talented actress. She understands the role and then gives her best. That is the best thing about her, and she is beautiful no doubt.\"When asked if she would give an award to her favourite cricketer Sachin Tendulkar , Lata said, \"This year there is no award for him. We would try and see next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12670048", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation sitting on decision to increase shop rent", "text": "NAGPUR: In the 2011-12 fiscal year, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has earned revenue of Rs 390 for a shop measuring 100 sq ft in Gokulpeth Market. Believe it or not, the rent was for the entire year.According to statistics available from the market department, the NMC owns 4,431 commercial establishments including 2,400 shops, 612 galas and 1,419 open spaces in prime locations like Gokulpeth, Dhantoli, Sitabuldi, Itwari, Cotton Market etc. The total revenue that the NMC earned from these commercial establishments was a modest Rs 2.93 crore for the entire financial year.An official said the NMC has allotted 75 shops, 52 galas and 112 open spaces in Gokulpeth Market. The minimum rent of the shops is Rs 390 per year and maximum Rs 40,000 per year.The maximum rent is paid by a couple of shops that are around 350-500 sq ft. The rent was increased to Rs 40,000 per year only due to transfer of ownership. As per norms, the rent had to be hiked by 10% every year in case of change in ownership. The shopkeepers continue to pay low annual rent because the NMC has failed to revise the rates and agreement since the time the shops were constructed.The instances are not restricted to just Gokulpeth. The NMC is collecting rent of Rs 2 per sq ft for a few shops in Lakadganj Loha Oli, the well-known commercial area for iron and wood. The rent of a shop measuring 262 sq ft in wholesale grain market - Itwari Kadbi Bazaar - is Rs 5,040 per year. The rent in other market places like at the Yeshwant Stadium too is very low.In 2010, Shiv Sena corporator Alka Dalal had come to know about the huge loss of revenue to the NMC when she became chairperson of the market committee. She had proposed to revise the rent and recalculate it as per the ready reckoner. The market committee even passed a resolution on this.As it was a policy decision, the resolution was sent to the general body for its consent. Later, the general body sent the proposal to the standing committee and it is now pending with it. Joshi had once raised the issue and promised to revive the entire system in 2011. But nothing happened.Dalal told TOI that the NMC could earn revenue of Rs 50-60 crore per year from the 4,431 commercial establishments. \"Not only voices but also resolutions have gone into cold storage. Many of the beneficiaries are earning hefty amount by renting the shops allotted to them. Around 12 bars too had cropped up in the shops allotted by the NMC. But the rent has remained low due to a strong lobby working behind the entire issue,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12674329", "title": "Auto-lifter held, scooters recovered", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police claim to have arrested a youth for his alleged involvement in stealing two-wheelers from different parts of the city. The police recovered three scooters and a motorcycle from him.The accused, Sagar Shankar Deokar (19) a resident of Janawadi, had been using the stolen two-wheelers by changing their registration numbers.According to sub-inspector of Chatushrungi police station S K Sakhare, police had received several complaints of theft of two-wheelers, especially scooters from Janawadi and Wadarwadi area in the jurisdiction of the Chatushrungi police station. \"While investigating vehicle theft cases, we noticed one youth in Deep Bungalow Chowk on a scooter. We got suspicious and asked him to stop. But Sagar left the scooter on the road and started running away. But we nabbed him after a brief chase,\" Sakhare said.During the questioning, the youth, who was identified as Deokar revealed that he was riding was stolen from Mangalwadi area in the last week of the March.Sakhare said that suspect Deokar was using the two-wheelers by changing their registration numbers. \"We are suspecting his involvement in more number of vehicle theft cases. We are investigating further,\" Sakhare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669987", "title": "Summer vacations on, Vanabala on-off", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as summer holidays have begun and schools have shut down to give children free time, Vanabala had been dysfunctional on Friday and visiting parents told TOI that when they went at 5.45pm the train was not available.Vanabala is supposed to run between 10am to 1pm and 2.30pm to 6pm between March and September. This reported stopping of train rounds before 6pm in the evening clearly does not adhere to the timings fixed by the forest department.Vanabala being the beloved toy train of the city in Balodyan is one of the most preferred places for an evening outing with kids. But these erratic timings and functioning of the train are bound to dampen the spirits of the children and their parents alike.Ever since Vanabala was renovated and inaugurated by the chief minister in December, she has been dysfunctional at least twice. Along with this, the fact that the playing equipment at Balodyan is not maintained properly, is another factor which bothers the visiting families.DR Nandanwar, range forest officer (RFO), Seminary Hills, initially said that he was not aware of the fact as he was out of town on official duty. Later he confirmed that Vanabala was dysfunctional on Friday. \"But it was functional today and its rounds stopped only after 6pm,\" he said, denying the assertion of a parent who had said that the rounds stopped before 5.45pm.\"This is not a big issue. This happens because of some small technical issues which happen from time to time and people from the railways come and mend the problem. After every 15-20 days the train is bound to stop for a day because of such issues,\" Nandanwar added.Regarding the unkempt playing equipment at the adjacent park he said that they had replaced many old ones, but the new ones were being destroyed by miscreants. \"People do not have civic sense. If adults sit on swings meant for children you can guess what will happen. If we ask them to get up they give rude replies,\" he said.PK Mahajan, deputy conservator of forest, Nagpur division, said that within a month and a half, they expect some additional funds which they will utilize in renovating the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12681375", "title": "Neeku Naaku Dash Dash chopped", "text": "Teja's recent film Neeku Naaku Dash Dash, has opened to a mixed response from BO. Featuring 42 newcomers the film has drawn flak from being too long winding. In a last ditch effort to salvage the movie, director Teja has decided to cut short the second half of the movie to make is more interesting. Apparently the director has chopped off scenes featuring Tanikella Bharani, Uttej and a song from the movie. Sources close to the director say that the result has been positive. We'll have to see if it impacts the BO collections in anyway.source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12669865", "title": "Unique Trichy fund helps Tamil scholars", "text": "TRICHY: A number of Tamil scholars were on Saturday honoured by Minister for School Education, Youth Welfare and Sports N R Sivapathy on behalf of the Tiruchi District Welfare Fund, the only one of its kind in the State. The fund had been instituted by Tamil scholar K A P Viswanatham in 1962 to honour Tamil scholars.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa had then performed as an artiste in a number of programs including Bharatha Natyam recitals to generate funds for the program. As many as 12 Tamil authors who had written poetry, drama, novels, essays, short stories and travelogues were selected for felicitation and two prizes were given under each such category.Interestingly, the first prize for poetry was bagged by the only woman among the dozen, P Sarasu, a differently-abled person whose book of poems was aptly titled, \"Kaviodu Varuven\" (I blossom into a poem). Every year, the welfare fund proceeds are distributed to the needy and deserving people in various fields. This year it was combined with the state government's function of distributing welfare measures to beneficiaries. Sivapathy gave away benefits worth Rs 22 lakh to 625 beneficiaries at a function at Kalaiarangam marriage hall on Saturday.The minister also gave out doles to 362 differently abled people at a cost of Rs 12 lakh. Benefits were given to 224 HIV-affected children totaling Rs 4.48 lakh. The function was attended by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, Trichy MP Kumar, MLAs Manoharan, Paranjothi, Poonatchi, mayor A Jaya, and deputy mayor Asick Meeran.Sivapathy also dedicated to the district an agricultural propaganda rath that would carry relevant information to farmers in the district at a function at Somarasampettai.District collector Jayashree Muralidharan said in the last four years, the fund had allocated Rs 1.25 crore for welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12669872", "title": "Stalin ticks off brother, in Madurai to spot talent", "text": "MADURAI: The bonhomie displayed by DMK deputy general secretary M K Stalin and his elder brother and Union minister M K Alagiri during the Sankarankoil by-election came as a pleasant surprise for the supporters of the grand old Dravidian party.But cadres now fear that the display of brotherhood could be short-lived. The rift came to the fore first when the younger brother visited Ramanathapuram a week ago to interview candidates for various posts in the youth wing. Supporters of Stalin and Alagiri clashed during the interview session, hurling chairs at each other.Now, the visit of Stalin to Madurai, considered the fief of Alagiri, is expected to drive a wedge in their relations. Stalin, who completed interviewing cadres for key post in the youth wing in Tirunelveli on Saturday morning, arrived in Madurai in the evening to a sober welcome by the party cadres. The interview session at a marriage hall in Sikandar Chavadi for posts to youth wing in rural Madurai turned out to be a smooth affair with Stalin even giving a pep talk to the cadres. Former mayor of Chennai Ma Subramanian, A A Jinnah and P Moorthy were with Stalin at the interview session.However, party sources say that there was a dictum from a certain DMK leader not to participate in the interview session for the urban DMK youth wing scheduled for Sunday. \"We were instructed not to participate in the interview tomorrow. We were also asked not to attend the public meeting Stalin is scheduled to address on Sunday evening,'' said a DMK functionary. He said the instruction went at 4pm to all the functionaries in the DMK urban wing.Incidentally, Alagiri is on a tour of China with his family and is likely to return a week later. He left for China more than a week ago and much is read into his absence during the visit of Stalin. Party cadres claim the overseas visit by Alagiri was to avoid being present when Stalin goes about picking men of his choice to run the youth wing in Madurai. \"All these years, it was Annan who assigned party roles in Madurai,'' said an urban party functionary.Stalin's interview trips had also upset Veerapandi Arumugam, another DMK regional strongman, as most of the men chosen for party posts in Salem were not his supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669238", "title": "Micro fiction, challenges in dramatic writing discussed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh Literature Festival which got off to an enthusiastic start on Friday saw participation of litterateurs and poets from across the country on day 2. The interactive sessions on Saturday touched topics like Hindi literature and poetry in times of 'micro fiction,' trend of realism in film-writing, fiction outside cities, making of a film, challenges of dramatic writing, book reading. Besides, a poetry session in different languages was also held. Day 2 started with an interaction on \"Manto Ke Sau Baras,\" which was a tribute to the acclaimed writer whose stories had become very popular and who had to face many cases for 'obscenity' in his writings in India before the Indo-Pak partition in 1947 and in Pakistan after 1947.Micro fiction in Hindi literature and poetry, another modern day creative writing subject was scrutinized too. Imroz and filmmaker Harjeet Singh discussed the subject of filmmaking, while Annie Zaidi and Aditya Sudarshan talked about challenges in dramatic writing. Altaf Tyrewala was seen in conversation with Aditya Sudarshan on \"Fiction outside cities.\"A poetry session, \"Humsukhan\" was organized towards the end of day 2 of the fest. Poets from different language created a soothing environment while sharing their lines with the audience.Those who read out poetry were Sultan Anjum (Urdu), Geet Chaturvedi (Hindi), Kavinder Chand (Punjabi) and Madhav Kaushik (Hindustani).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670441", "title": "MCD polls: Rebels around, close calls likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rebels in the contest will give BJP and Congress many anxious moments before counting ends on Tuesday. While Congress's calculations may be upset in wards like Jangpura, BJP is worried about wards like Janakpuri. The rebellion within the main parties could also hand the prize to independents in at least some of the wards.Observers say, this time, the victory margins in many wards will be small - just 500-1,000 votes. BJP has much to worry about as its candidates face 85 rebels as rivals or supporters of independents. The party expelled 14 dissidents, including 11 sitting councillors, during the campaign period and issued show-cause notices to 70 other councillors.BJP's decision to deny a ticket to Kasturba Nagar councillor Jagdish Mamgain and expel him hit it hard as Mamgain campaigned for rebel BJP workers contesting as independents. Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta's decision to field his wife, Shobha Vijender, from Rohini Central ward and also give tickets to the family members of his close associates has caused unrest among workers.BJP workers in Janakpuri have been in open rebellion since senior leader and sitting BJP MLA Jagdish Mukhi's son-in-law, Suresh Kumar , was denied a ticket. Kumar defected to the Congress.In areas like Naraina, Deoli, Khajuri Khas, Ghondli, Mandanpur, Pushp Vihar, Rithala, CR Park, several BJP workers are contesting as independents.In Jangpura, sitting Congress MLA Tarvinder Singh Marwah has fielded independents against former mayor and three-time councillor Farhad Suri. In Rohtash Nagar, too, dissidence and caste based voting may impact the Congress's chances.Congress expelled eight members during the campaign period for \"anti-party\" activities. Chhawla block Congress committee chief Satinder Rana was expelled for contesting as an independent from Nangla Sakravati. Two DPCC secretaries, Kaptan Singh and Sunil Vashisht, were also expelled for fielding their wives as independent candidates from Timarpur and Babarpur wards.Ramesh Pehlwan, Congress candidate from Kotla Mubarakpur in the 2007 polls, has also fielded his wife from the ward as an independent this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673524", "title": "Ashok Mandanna on playing More", "text": "A Man for all Seasons, based on the unshakeable morals of Sir Thomas More, is a theatrical extravaganza that's making its way to MumbaiA drawbridge that actually works, an imaginary river with a boat that moves, hats, feathers, velvet and lace trimmings: It's time for a theatrical extravaganza as Robert Bolt's A Man for all Seasons directed by Arjun Sajnani comes to Mumbai.In the contemporary aesthetic, exemplified by minimal sets and props and intimate interactions, Sajnani stands out as a colossus with his larger-than-life productions. M Butterly, Kiss of the Spiderwoman, Dial M for Murder, Tughlaq, Amadeus and The Fire and the Rain - each of his productions has been a sensual delight.After a self-imposed hiatus of six years, Sajnani brings to Mumbai the tale of the Renaissance humanist and councillor to Henry VIII of England who was said to be the \"ultimate man of conscience\".More was admired even by his rivals and marked his place in history by refusing to endorse King Henry VIII's wish to divorce his ageing wife so he could marry the sister of his former mistress. More refused to cow down even at risk of his life.Sajnani first tryst with A Man for All Seasons was more than 40 years ago, when he was in college. \"I have been drawn to this play for years. I studied it in college, acted in a college production that wasn't very good, and even wrote a paper on it,\" he says.The production brings together some of Bangalore's finest theatre actors such as Ashok Mandanna, Stanley Pinto, Aporup Acharya, Anil Abraham, Ashish Sen, Veena Sajnani and Vivek Madan.In the theatre world Sajnani is known for magnificent sets and lavish costumes. \"I come from the old school where theatre was 'big'. If I were someone who did more theatre, like a play or two every year, I would be forced to work on smaller and more intimate productions, but since I take my time over each production I like the idea of elaborate costumes and the kind of sets that make your jaw drop.\"And indeed, jaws dropped in Bangalore during the opening run of the play when Henry VIII walked down a drawbridge to meet More. The cardinals, dukes and archbishops lit up the stage in clothes that Sajnani sourced from across the world to ensure authenticity.He agrees that theatre has changed dramatically in India from the time he returned to the country in 1992. \"I had worked in Broadway as well as acted in smaller plays in New York before I came back. It was theatre and my love for Bangalore that saw me return,\" he adds.From Peter Shaffer's Amadeus to Kiss of the Spiderwoman to the Girish Karnad trilogy of The Fire and the Rain (on which his film Agnivarsha is based), Tughlaq and Bali to A Man for All Seasons Sajnani has come full circle. \"It's all part of the same journey; I started with musicals and big plays, then discovered Karnad and now am doing a Bolt. I choose plays that move me, just like the food I cook at my restaurant. It has to be something I love so much that I want to share it with other people.\"Sajnani's name is associated with fine dining in Bangalore because of the restaurant Sunny. He has a loyal, discerning audience both for his culinary as well as his theatrical offerings. And like his trademark barbequed chicken and angel hair pasta, his extravaganzas have a found an audience that awaits each of his productions eagerly. \"And no I haven't given up on films,\" he announces as an afterthought. His one shot at Bollywood , Agnivarsha, did not do well at the box office, but garnered praise for its visual aesthetics and out-ofthe-box performances from Amitabh Bachchan , Raveena Tandon , Sonali Kulkarni , Nagarjuna and Prabhu Deva. \"It can't be a one film journey. I'm going to announce something shortly, but right now all my time is devoted to Sir Thomas More and to cooking at Sunny,\" he ends. It was said of More by his contemporary Robert Whittington that he \"is a man of an angel's wit and singular learning. \" He could well have been speaking of Sajnani.Ashok Mandanna on becoming MoreOne of Bangalore's best known actors plays Sir Thomas More. We catch up with him. Was it difficult to play a man of such superior moral standing?Oh yes. In fact, More is so pure, the idea of playing him was almost uncomfortable. But I also believe that there is a bit of More in all of us; it was about prising that out.Are you religious, like More?Not at all. I don't think More was merely about religion. If fact, I think the play, though very political, has very little to do with religion.You are among the elite batch that studied theatre under Ebrahim Alkazi. What prevented you from going to Mumbai and doing films?Theatre excited me more than films; the only film work that I really enjoyed (and I've done very little) was with Shankar Nag with whom I did a Kannada film Accident and then Malgudi Days, and what fantastic years those were. I also enjoyed working with David Lean in Passage to India.Why do theatre lovers only get to see you in lavish productions?For the simple reason that I don't live in the city all the time. I run an estate close to the Nagarhole National Park which is where I'm holed up most of the time, running the space and writing. It's terrific to get away from Bangalore. I'm happy to work with Arjun, we have history, and with More I was very happy to play a man of my own age.Are you looking forward to performing in Mumbai?Absolutely. It is always a pleasure because one gets to meet old friends. I just messaged Naseer, who was my senior at NSD, and asked him to come and watch and he said he would.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668935", "title": "We are safe, can be safer: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Saturday's tremors put the spotlight on the city's vulnerability to such disasters. A stricter vigil of earthquake-resistant building codes is needed, said experts, adding that Mumbai's cessed structures, slum sprawl and high population density pose enormous challenges in the face of an earthquake.Said geologist V Subramanyan, \"The BMC should conduct a survey to see how many of Mumbai's buildings are seismically-safe and strengthen those found unsafe through retrofitting.\"He also underlined the need for an \"upper limit to be placed on high-rises\" given that the city falls in the moderate-risk seismic zone.Pointing out that there are 16,000 dilapidated structures identified by the BMC and over 50% of the population lives in slums, experts said that there is a huge gap in the city's earthquake-resistant housing stock.\"The city's high population and structural density pose a challenge to disaster management but we have prepared a standard operating procedure to deal with earthquake-induced building collapses and landslides,\" said M Narvekar, head of the BMC's disaster cell.Experts said newer structures have built-in seismic safeguards which are required to be followed by redevelopment projects as well. \"New buildings are on a par with global standards and are designed to handle seismic load,\" said architect Hafeez Contractor.Subhash Patil of the Institution of Engineers said the 1997 Latur earthquake had served as a wake-up call to engineers and buildings in Mumbai are safe enough to withstand the earthquake effect.Prof Deepankar Chaudhary of IIT-B sounds a word of caution. \"We are not that well prepared. The norm is to follow the Indian standard code to build safe structures but the codes which relate to designing foundation of buildings, retaining walls, etc, haven't been updated since 1984. Dynamic soil properties within cities, another major factor in determining safety, are not spelt out in building codes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668876", "title": "Drop off your kid for a few hours", "text": "BANGALORE: Couples who have small children at home find it difficult to visit a relative or attend social gatherings. For such parents, 24/7 creches are handy. \"I cannot take my 15-month-old son, Adhrikt, to a movie or a relative's place. It's during these times that these creches are of great help. I drop off the child for a few hours,\" says Padmashree Ranganath.Patricia James' Angels Garden (Pragati Kidzone) in east Bangalore has parents dropping off children as young as 3 months old.\"I had mothers whose shift began at 5pm and ended at midnight. I would take personal care of such small children. But I have to be cautious that the facility is not misused by parents. I intend starting a screening process,\" she says.Mothers themselves, these new-age entrepreneurs agree that small kids need their mothers at night. They have parents who want to attend parties drop off their children for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669391", "title": "Novice Uttar Pradesh MLAs to get guidance from experts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar spelling out dos and donots for zero hour, her predecessor Somnath Chatterji explaining nuances of adjournment motion and Harish Salve elaborating on breach of privilege motion to the 194 first time MLAs. The orientation course is expected to be held tentatively in May, but preparations are on to give the routine exercise a facelift this time and make it neta-friendly. What makes it special is keen interest taken by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.To begin with, the two-day-long \"Prabodhan Karyakram\" is likely to be extended to three days. According to Vidhan Sabha sources, plans are afoot to invite well known experts to pep up the sessions. Apart from Kumar, Chatterji, and Salve, the guest list includes top lawyers like Gopal Subramaniyam and former Lok Sabha secretary general Subhash Kashyap. Even high court and Supreme Court judges and selected MP's would be approached depending upon their availability. \"So far, the practice was to invite local legislators, but the 16th Vidhan Sabha hopes to break away from the routine and make the event a memorable one,\" officials said.Each MLA has received a briefcase containing a set of nine books from the table office late on Thursday. \"The language looks a little unfamiliar and technical, but one would get used to it,\" says Dilnawaz Khan of Congress.\"It is just like driving. Once you get the feel of the steering wheel and other parts driving, poses is not a problem,\" he laughed.Daljeet Singh, MLA from Tindwari (Banda) actually carried the kit into the House and hopes to understand and master the tricks of the trade much before the session formally starts, so does Lalitesh Pati Tripathi .The great grandson of former UP chief minister Kamlapati Tripathi plans to read \"all booklets cover to cover\". \"This is the only way to carve out an identity in the group of 403,\" declares Vijay Mishra (SP). Few like T Ram, chief engineer turned BSP MLA, have taken to the rule book like fish takes to water. \"Having worked in the government sector, things seem to be familiar,\" Ram claimed.Interestingly majority of MLAs tried to grab the rule books much before they took oath of the office.\"We had to ask them to wait,\" confided Vidhan Sabha officials. This could be a healthy trend. \"More than 40 cases linked breach of privilege are pending in the office and 50% among them include petty issues like DM not taking the MLA's telephone call, which are not maintainable. They need to distinguish between personal affront and breach committed within the precincts of the House, and going by their curiosity , the new comers would be better equipped to take the right course,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12676873", "title": "City lifts fraught with danger", "text": "PATNA: The state capital is increasingly becoming home to high-rise buildings. So the reliance on lifts has gone up. However, are these lifts safe? In the absence of any rule or regulation to ensure their safety, the answer is a big 'no', leaving all to God's mercy. Neither licenses are sought from the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) before installation of shifts nor the civic body inspects them at later stages.Eight states, including Maharashtra, Karnataka, West Bengal , Gujarat and National Capital Region of Delhi, have laws for lift safety. They mandate that a license must be sought from government authorities before installing a lift and lift inspectors should undertake their regular inspection.However, till date, there are no such rules in Bihar. \"The state doesn't have any lift safety act. So, builders don't seek license from us at the time of installation. Also, we don't have lift inspectors to conduct any inspection,\" said a senior PMC official.In the absence of lift inspectors, the electrical engineers of PMC don't inspect lifts. \"The PMC faces acute shortage of manpower. So the available electrical engineers with us are not available to check lifts,\" said a PMC official, adding, \"The PMC has no records how many lifts are functioning in the city to date.\"Moreover, according to Bureau of Indian Standards, the lifts are supposed to have power backup and a fireman's switch, apart from other safety measures. \"However, since the lifts are not scrutinized by the local authorities, it is it is not verifiable whether these norms are being followed or not,\" added the official.In this backdrop, builders get a free hand, who can easily put the ball in the court of lift manufacturers. \"Usually, we don't need no-objection certificates from the PMC. Therefore, we rely on the assurances given by lift manufactures about their (lifts) safety,\" said a member of the Bihar chapter of Builders Association of India.The lift safety acts of different states stipulate there should be an annual maintenance contract between the registered societies of apartments and the lift manufacturers. \"However, in Patna, the situation is bad because most of the apartments do no form registered societies. Even if the existing societies enter into such contracts, they are later discontinued,\" said Manikant, the chairman of Bihar chapter of Builder Association of India.Meanwhile, the residents of high-rise buildings are a harried lot. Devika Kumari, residing on the fifth floor of a building at Boring road, complaining about the defunct lift at her building, said, \"Most of the time our lift is out of order. The authorities concerned provide no respite and keep on passing the buck.\"Akhilesh Sharma, a private office employee at Exhibition road, complained, \"Our lift generally carries more people than its capacity, making the situation extremely suffocating. Moreover, I am always afraid of some untoward accident because the lift is hardly maintained,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668638", "title": "Ambedkar statue desecrated", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed as an Ambedkar statue at Hasthinapur crossroads in Vanasthalipuram was desecrated by miscreants in the wee hours of Saturday. Ironically, locals were decorating the statue for Ambedkar jayanti till late hours on Friday.The Cyberabad police said a case was registered following the incident under section 153 A (Promoting enmity between two groups either in the name of caste or religion) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC)..\"On the eve of Ambedkar jayanti, locals were decorating his statue. They left the location at around 1 am. However, at around 5 am, locals noticed that the right hand of the statue was damaged,\" Vanasthalipuram sub-inspector Y Venkatanarayana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12670280", "title": "AIDS patient bears stigma even in death", "text": "AJMER: Despite several awareness campaigns, AIDS patients have to bear the social stigma, not just when they are alive but even after death. The family of one such patient in Ajmer refused to claim his body, forcing doctors and counsellors to intervene. After much persuasion, the family quietly took away the body for funeral on Friday.According to sources, a patient was admitted in JLN hospital on April 7. \"During test, it was found that he was HIV positive,\" said a nurse on duty. As soon as the family members came to know about it they left the patient all alone. \"We started his treatment but no family member turn to help him for food and care,\" the nurse said. She further said a younger brother turned up later but left without informing anybody after the patient died on Thursday.\"The body was sent for autopsy and was kept in the morgue,\" a hospital official said. He said the hospital had called the family members but they refused to claim the body. \"We talked to them but they were afraid that HIV will spread in the family,\" a social worker said. She added, \"They do not want to show to society that their brother died because of AIDS.\"On Friday, doctor called the head of their family, counseling him and other members about the disease. \"They were ashamed that AIDS was the cause of death and did not want others to know about it,'' the social worker said. Sources said the family members asked the hospital authorities to arrange for the last rites of the body at their level. \"At that time, we threatened with filing a police case and an enquiry which made them afraid and they took away the body for funeral last evening,\" a doctor said.Sources said the family member cremated the body on their own without informing about the death to their relatives. \"It is the stigma in society even after the awareness program run by government. People feel ashamed to say that they have AIDS and that is the major problem we are facing while treating them,\" an AIDS counseller said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668588", "title": "Hi-Tec City Rail Over-Bridge will be ready by August: Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority", "text": "HYDERABAD: After failing to meet several deadlines for completion of the Rail Over-Bridge (RoB) between Hi-Tec City railway station and Kukatpally, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) now says that it will have the bridge ready by August 2012.As with several other projects in the city, the Hi-Tec City-Kukatpally RoB has been plagued by problems such as delay in clearances from South Central Railway (since a portion of the bridge crosses the railway track at Hi-Tec City railway station), escalation in project cost, revised administrative sanctions and funds crunch.However, after SCR finally accorded clearance in January, the HMDA metropolitan commissioner gave the authorities four months' time to complete the project. But with this deadline looming, HMDA officials have now wrangled a new one - August 2012.The 910 metre-long RoB starts at Kukatpally Housing Board Phase IV and, after crossing Cyber Towers, ends at Hi-Tec City railway station on the spinal road. Once ready, the RoB will not only ease congestion on the busy road, but also reduce travel time for those travelling to Cyber Towers.For example, the RoB will cut the distance between Mehdipatnam and Kukatpally by as much as 7km. With traffic congestion on the Miyapur-Kukatpally stretch due to the Hyderabad Metro Rail works causing no small inconvenience to commuters, the RoB can prove to be a great boon for those who need to travel to this part of the city.The RoB was conceived to ease the pressure of increasing traffic around Hi-Tec City. After HMDA cleared the proposal in 2006, construction began in March 2007 with delivery slated to have been done by August 2008. But then started the series of delays beginning with one that lasted four months. That delay saw the cost of the RoB shoot up to Rs 47 crore from Rs 24.38 crore.This reappraisal triggered another delay as HMDA had to obtain a revised sanction for the RoB from the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department.But the primary cause behind the delay remains the objections raised by SCR over the drawings and decision on the height of the bridge, which took almost an year to be resolved. Finally, the revised blueprint was cleared by SCR in the third week of January. Thereafter, it has been the shifting of utilities like water and sewers that has taken up more time than it should have.Now, HMDA is promising completion by August. \"The bridge, except the railway portion, which is about 120 metres, is almost ready. The RoB will be ready by August this year,\" HMDA chief engineer V Madhwaraja told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12669037", "title": "Sleepless city faces obesity, diabetes risk", "text": "MUMBAI: If you sleep less than five hours a day, chances are you will put on five kilos within a year and develop diabetes sooner than later.This unhealthy equation was spelt out in a study done by Harvard University's Brigham and Women's Hospital last week. The study also said that people getting less than five hours of sleep or those who worked on night shifts are likely to get diabetes faster than people with day jobs.\"People are ideally supposed to sleep for eight hours a day, work for another eight hours and reserve the remaining eight hours for recreation,\" said endocrinologist Shashank Joshi. But Mumbai's 24x7 grind blurs this rhythm. \"We are daily sleeping less and planning to catch up with it over the weekend,\" said Dr Joshi, who consults at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra and is researching the sleep-diabetes link in Mumbai.Working weekends further disrupt this cycle. \"Mumbaikars thus live with sleep debt,\" Dr Joshi added.One of Dr Joshi's research papers underlines the converse of the Harvard study-how sleep is distorted among patients with diabetes. \"A student of mine looking at the prevalent sleep habits in 260 patients with diabetes found that almost 24% of them slept less than five hours,\" said Dr Joshi.The Harvard study reinforces increasing medical research that shows disturbed sleep patterns could lead to diabetes. In Mumbai, the under-40 brigade-comprising corporate climbers and entrepreneurs-suffers the most from poor sleep patterns. At sleep expert Dr Preeti Devanani's clinic in Jaslok Hospital the bulk of the patients are in the under-40 group. \"Maybe it is their work or stress. People below 40 years of age suffer from chronic sleep debt and are unable to make up for it. Health problems predictably follow,\" she said.Endocrinologist Archana Juneja from Kokilaben Ambani Hospital in Andheri calls it the bane of the generation that sleeps next to its phone. \"They are not only stressed, but also have disturbed sleep and hormone cycles that lead to central obesity. Metabolic syndrome (with elevated lipids) and diabetes follow,\" she explained.The Harvard study, which was published in the new Science Translational Medicine journal, looked at 21 healthy participants for six weeks. The researchers controlled how many hours of sleep participants got as well as when they slept and other factors such as activities and diet. Participants started with getting optimal sleep (approximately 10 hours per night). This was followed by three weeks of 5.6 hours of sleep per 24-hour period and with sleep occurring at all times of day and night, thereby simulating the schedule of rotating shift workers. The researchers saw that glucose concentrations in the blood increased after meals because of poor insulin secretion by the pancreas.The body's hormones surge in the wee hours of the morning. \"It surges by 4am or so and subsides by evening. People who sleep later than, say, 2am or 3am miss this hormone surge in the body,\" said Dr Juneja.Not surprisingly then, a map of sleep deprivation versus sleep duration would show a bell curve graph. \"Anything less than four days or more than 10 hours in a 24-hour cycle is deleterious to health,\" said Dr Devnani.So, sleep deprivation would worsen symptoms for people with heart disease, decrease the production of hormone leptin (which suppresses appetite) and increase the production of hormone ghrelin (which stimulates appetite). \"This imbalance in the leptin-ghrelin cycle causes obesity,\" Dr Devnani said. Worse, sleep deprivation among people trying to lose weight only results in the body's good fat getting lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668724", "title": "Director general of police appeals against high court ruling", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director general of police (DGP) Dinesh Reddy on Friday filed an appeal in the AP high court urging it to suspend the recent ruling of a single judge who ordered a probe against him besides directing the registry of the court to launch a criminal contempt case against the state police chief and chief of the CID wing S V Ramanamurthy.It may be recalled that the single judge had heard three petitions filed by senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar against Dinesh Reddy and ordered a probe against both of them apart from launching a criminal case against the two officers on charges of suppression of information.\"Umesh is an accused in a forgery case and is also facing allegations of corruption, whereas there are no such allegations of corruption against me\", Dinesh Reddy said in his petition.\"In his anxiety to get out of the cases, Umesh may have tried to project it as a case of rivalry between him and me, but the single judge should not have allowed this design\", the DGP pleaded.\"By treating it as a spat between two of us, the single judge had failed to see the real picture,\" he contended.\"I have expressed my readiness for a probe regarding the alleged property transactions of my wife and the state issued a memo in this regard and, hence, there is no need for ordering a probe,\" he said.Denying the charge that the CID chief was acting at his behest, Dinesh Reddy, in his appeal, said that he (CID chief) was corresponding with the state and was routing the copies to the state through the DGP office.Dinesh Reddy further said he had no control over the CID chief whatsoever.Reddy also contended that there was no suppression of any material or distortion of facts before the court. He sought the suspension of the order of single judge saying that the order was contrary to the material available on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668346", "title": "Corporation to clean up green campus", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai will, from Monday, send 20 people every day to clear the garbage piled up in the rear of the Theosophical Society campus in Adyar. Officials say the task could take about two months to complete.On Saturday, a TOI report said the southern border of the 260-acre campus, one of the few green spaces in the city, was at the risk of turning into a dump yard. Huge mounds of garbage, including non-degradable thermocol, electronic, rubber and plastic waste dumped into the Adyar river, had accumulated in the area.\"We are worried the toxins with plastics and thermocol will enter the soil and affect the mangrove plants here. Corporation officials initially agreed to remove the bags of cleared garbage and later agreed to send people to help clear the area,\" said Theosophical Society general manager Hari Hara Raghavan. For the last 15 days, 10-15 of the society's staff have been clearing the 2.5km stretch of the river bank.Corporation officials made a field visit to the border early last week and on Friday. \"Our engineers and officials visited the place and we have started clearing it up. They will continue to work on the site till it is cleared completely,\" said commissioner D Karthikeyan.Officials say the terrain and the vegetation are the main factors that could delay the clearing operation. \"The society had placed a barricade of mangrove and coconut tree branches 30 feet from the river bank for not allowing people to cross over. We had people entering at night and cutting away our sandal and mangrove trees,\" said Raghavan. This barrier is now forcing the corporation conservancy workers to take a long detour to enter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670307", "title": "Viral on the web: \u2018Only Rajinikant can fix Mamata\u2019", "text": "The people of Bengal and India's vast net-logged population of extremely prickly and politically-conscious men and women have reacted angrily to Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's inability to stop taking even innocuous jokes so seriously. And the rage has gone viral - seething, scathing and searing in all its intensity.A day after Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra was arrested and pushed around for circulating a \" cartoon\" on Mamata that was hardly funny in the first place, it wasn't just a cross-section of people in Bengal who said they were agonized at the signs of intolerance the state government was exhibiting. Online forums, the world of Twitter, Facebook and blogs erupted almost in flames. The pick of the entries came on Facebook, which said: \"Mamata ke aekmatro Rajnikant thik korte pare (Only Rajnikant can fix Mamata).\"If Mamata didn't get the joke on Friday, the jokes must surely have got her on Saturday . Hundreds made fun of her on Twitter using the hashtag #arrestmenow - which at one point of time was the top trending topic of the day - and thousands laughed at it.Toon: Hate messages against Didi crop upWhy did Mamata Banerjee cross the road? To see if the chicken was making fun of her,\" @harqblack tweeted. Another wrote back: \"Mamata declares 'The Dark Knight' tax-free . Because the Joker dies.\" And one that had many cracking up was: \"Dear Mamata, normally the cartoonist tries to capture the subject. Not vice versa.\"There was outrage against provisions of the IT Act that was used by the police to book Ambikesh Mahapatra. By evening it was Facebook's turn to throw some at the CM. At least four 'We Hate Mamata Banerjee' pages had popped up. While one said: 'Mamata Banarjee ke hatao , ma-mati-manush ke bachao (Remove Mamata, save mother, land, people), some others were still more biting in their condemnation of what almost everyone agrees is highhandedness and para-type bullying.Ironically, even when Mamata's supporters tried to put up a fight, it ended up looking like they were attacking her.\"Mamata is just an insecure old lady who's probably seen some pretty rough times when she was younger. Cut her some slack,\" one of them appealed, if it can be called so. In despair, another let out: \"Please show me a political alternative to Didi in Bengal. She is still the biggest hope.\"It didn't surprise anyone that a petition to the President and Parliament to protect freedom of expression in West Bengal quickly gathered online signatures. A lecturer in a Kolkata college who has been posting anxious blogs under a pseudonym for a while now said, rather darkly, that every time Mamata opens her mouth to say something a chilling thought crosses his mind--that she is frittering away the hope of an entire people who have barely recovered from 34 years of the CPM's misrule.In immediate agreement a text message that came all the way from Kolkata said: \"Sabdhan sabdhan , choddosho unishe subhechchha janaleo dhore nebe poolishe.\" Translated it means: Beware, the police will take you away if you so much as wish people Happy 1419 (the Bengali new year which incidentally fell on April 14). Dark humour is all the rage in Mamata's Bengal now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673974", "title": "Taapsee loves to surprise her fans", "text": "2012 is going to be crucial year for Taapsee. She hasn't had a single release so far this year, but she has plenty to look forward to this year with \"Daruvu\", \"Gundello Godaari\" and \"Shadow\" slated for release later this year. Yesterday, when her first look in \"Gundello Godaari\" was unveiled, she was overwhelmed with compliments from her fans on Twitter. She looks extremely pretty in the pictures that were released to the media. However, Lakshmi Manchu and Taapsee have hinted that this is just the beginning and added that the audience has no idea what's in store for them. \"What's d fun working in this industry if I can't experiment with my look n character! I love surprising u all! Trust me, my character in the movie is gonna b beyond all surprises! Tryin to keep patience till release,\" Taapsee posted on Twitter. While \"Gundello Godaari\" will hit the screens in June, her upcoming film \"Daruvu\" is going to release on May 4.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672503", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence busts scam of diamond overvaluation worth 18 crore", "text": "SURAT: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has started investigating three city-based diamond firms for overvaluation of rough diamonds imported by them from Hong Kong through Surat Heera Bourse (SHB).A few days ago, DRI sleuths received information about overvaluation of rough diamonds imported from Hong Kong. The rough diamonds consignment valued at Rs 18 crore was seized from SHB's custom house and the original valuation of the same stock was done at Rs 5 crore on Friday, official sources said.\"The diamond firms get bank finance on the import and export of polished and rough diamonds. By overvaluing the diamonds from Hong Kong, which is a free zone just like Dubai , the diamantaires have an easy access to bank finance. The money received through the bank finance is then diverted to the real estate business,\" a DRI officer said.The central government had imposed two per cent duty on import of polished diamonds in January in order to curb round tripping of diamonds in the industry. This resulted in a significant decrease in polished diamond import in the last two months. However, some diamond merchants have started overvaluation of rough diamonds to get bank finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12673877", "title": "Tremors in Belgaum, rumours create panic elsewhere", "text": "DHARWAD: The news of mild tremors felt in different parts of Dharwad and other cities being beamed by electronic media created panic for a while in certain localities in Dharwad on Saturday morning.While some people claimed that they felt the tremor, deputy commissioner Darpan Jain denied that any part of the city experienced tremors. The inmates of a hostel near Karnataka College said they felt the tremor for a few seconds around 11.15am and the books and bottles kept on the shelves fell down.Jain appealed to people not to panic. Tremors were felt in Gujarat and southern Maharashtra with Satara being the epicenter. However, as per the reports available with the district administration no tremors in Dharwad were recorded on the Richter scale.Mild tremors in Belgaum districtA part of Belgaum district including Gokak, Raibag and Chikkodi experienced light tremors twice on Saturday. The first one was experienced at 10.58am measuring 4.7 on the Richter scale, while second was experienced at 11.47am measuring 3.0.According to tremors measured at Ghataprabha project at Hidkal Dam in Hukkeri taluk, epicenter of the quake was near Koyna Dam in Satara district in Maharashtra.Executive engineer of the project Bagewadi said the depth of the quake was 10kms.Speaking to the TOI, Veerabhadra Swami, superintendent of Hindalaga central jail said prisoners felt earth shaking at around 11.25am and came out of their barracks.The tremors lasted for a couple of seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669205", "title": "Fire Service Day observed in city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh municipal corporation, on Saturday, organized a programme to mark Fire Service Day at Sector-17 based fire station. Fire brigade jawans held a parade on the occasion followed by flag hoisting ceremony.In her speech, city mayor Rajbala Malik applauded the bravery of fire personnel during crisis. She appreciated the department's work during the flood and major fire incidents in the past for their work. Late Amarjit Singh Mavi, a fireman who sacrificed his life during a fire incident, was also remembered.While addressing the gathering, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said with a view to inculcate a sense of fire safety in the minds of all concerned and minimize the increased losses due to fire outbreaks in high rise buildings in urban areas and industries, a special programme would be initiated during the fire prevention week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670402", "title": "\u2018Indian netas come across as lacking power\u2019", "text": "Mr Body Language has tutored the British and Dutch royal families, Vladimir Putin , and a serial killer or two in the art of standing up straight and looking positive. Otherwise called Allan Pease, he tells Sunday Times why India needs to study the art of deciphering emotions expressed by the bodyHow did it all begin?I was attending sales interviews at the age of five with my father, an insurance agent. I was selling rubber sponges at 10 and later pots and pans. I spent 12 years selling life insurance . That's when I learnt how to understand people.You have no professional degree in your area of expertise. How then did you become an authority on it? And who started calling you 'Mr Body Language' ?When I started, there was no body language course. No one had ever considered the idea that you could assess other people's attitudes through their behaviour. I wrote the book 'Body Language' in 1976, which became an international bestseller. It was then that Reader's Digest did a cover story on me called 'Mr Body Language' . I've had it ever since.How does this 'science' affect the layman?Body language accounts for 60-80 % of impact in face-to-face communication . If you can't read the clues, you won't relate to other people and may be labelled \"insensitive\" .Are people in the west more aware of the importance of body language than people in the east?Yes. The Australians were the first to use it in business and education, followed by the US, UK, Europe and then the east. Arab countries still see it as a new idea. It took me over a decade to establish the concept worldwide.Is a knowledge of body language needed in India?Body language provides insight into emotions, and human emotions are the same everywhere. Indians who do not understand body language will be poor at doing business internationally .Westerners say that before coming to India, people should have some knowledge of Indian body language codes. What's your take on the 'Mumbai roll' ?You're right. There is no guide to Indian body language. The basic gestures and facial expressions are the same, but what changes in any culture is eye contact, touch frequency, the distance we stand at, and rude signals. The Mumbai roll - the side-to-side nod of the head which could mean yes, no or maybe - is unique to India and confusing to everyone else. There are no real offensive gestures in India (such as the middle finger), but touch is used more here which can be disconcerting for outsiders.Who are your clients?My clientele ranges from the British and Dutch royal families , politicians, to convicted murderers (the Yorkshire ripper or Peter Sutcliffe) and almost anybody who appears in public. About 90% of my work in recent decades has been for corporations.What do you think of the body language of Indian politicians?Indian politicians are caught in a bind between showing humility, which means they generally come across as lacking power and authority (to the rest of the world). Now that India is coming to the forefront of world interest, Indian politicians need training to project a strong and c re d i bl e image on the world stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12676519", "title": "Uranus auroras' images captured", "text": "LONDON: Astronomers claim to have for the first time captured images of auroras above the giant ice planet Uranus, providing further evidence of just how peculiar a world that distant planet is.Detected by means of carefully scheduled observations from the Hubble Space Telescope , the newly witnessed Uranian light show consisted of short-lived, faint, glowing dots, says an international team.Auroras are produced in the atmosphere as charged solar wind particles accelerate in the magnetosphere and are guided by the magnetic field close to the magnetic poles -- that's why the Earthly auroras are found around high latitudes.But contrary to Earth -- or even Jupiter and Saturn -- \"the magnetosphere of Uranus is very poorly known\", said Laurent Lamy, with the Observatoire de Paris in Meudon, France, who led the new research.Auroras on Uranus are fainter than they are on Earth, and the planet is more than four billion kilometres away.\"This planet was only investigated in detail once, during the Voyager flyby, dating from 1986. Since then, we've had no opportunities to get new observations of this very unusual magnetosphere,\" Lamy said in a release.The findings have been published in the 'Geophysical Research Letters' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12670007", "title": "200 school students take part in Tarumitra show", "text": "PATNA: Tarumitra on Saturday organized an Art from Waste Exhibition at Tarumitra Bio-Reserve, Digha Ghat, Patna, in which 200 students in the age group of 10 to 17 years from 20 schools belonging to Patna and West Champaran districts showed their skills in making art objects from waste materials like discarded thermocol glasses, old plastic packets and plastic water bottles. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who graced the occasion, appreciated the art objects made by students.The art objects displayed included honey bee prepared from discarded thermocol glasses, doormats from old plastic packets, ornaments made from old plastic water bottles. The other articles put on display were shoes made from old plastic bottles, a robot made from an old can, and several other handmade items.The other guests on the occasion included students from Zamorano University in Central America, who performed on the theme of 'Save Electricity Campaign', while Sharad Vivek Sagar, present in the capacity of guest of honour and outstanding student orator, inspired the students with vignettes from his own experience, and also gave away prizes to winners.The jury that assessed the works of art made by students consisted of Millicent Frances, a journalist from Rome, art critic Malini Manjoly, and Paulina Camacho, an artist from Mexico, while Tarumitra campaign manager Mudita Sodder anchored the show and also gave vote of thanks.Earlier, the programme began with the singing of national song, rendition of Bihar centenary prayer, and students also wrote pledges on Mother Earth on two cloth posters.The first Institution Trophy went to St. Joseph's School, Bettiah, first runner-up prize to Delhi Public School (DPS) and second runner-up prize to St. Albert's High School. Raushan Kumar from DPS won the first individual trophy, the first runner-up prize to Shubham from St. Albert's High School and second runner-up award went to Sonal from St Joseph's School, Bettiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672410", "title": "Norms flouted in laying of roads", "text": "VARANASI: Call it the pressure of meeting deadline for construction of roads after digging work for laying water supply and sewer pipeline or deliberate violation of norms, the construction work is turning out to be quite an eyewash, raising the threat of road accidents in different parts of the city.While the uprooting of top layer of bitumen near the rail over-bridge (ROB) at DLW has raised eyebrows, especially due to choking of road which was constructed merely 24 hours ago, the conditions in other areas including Ravindrapuri Colony, where the digging for laying water supply and sewer pipeline was completed recently, has also attracted attention.When TOI visited the road near DLW-Kakarmatta Crossing, the top layer of newly constructed bitumen-pitched road was not only found to be uprooted, but it had also collapsed at some of the places after failing to weather overnight showers.Interestingly, while the road was constructed merely 24 hours ago, it was no longer suitable for traffic movement, inviting road accidents. Surprisingly, the vehicles moving along the road were dangerously passing from the area, ignoring the danger ahead. A little away from the place, the layer of coal tar was being laid on sludge, after the overnight showers had already made the place slippery.Admitting the limitations in construction of roads after completion of digging work, Ramesh Singh, general manager, Ganga Pollution Control Unit under UP Jal Nigam, said that \"it is technically not feasible to construct a road with limited funds, especially those that been dug up to eight metres-depth for laying sewer and water supply pipeline\".Most of the roads including the DLW-Kakarmatta on the left side of ROB and others like Sunderpur-DLW road have been dug at a depth ranging from four to eight metres and it requires at least one monsoon season for settling of mud for preparing plinth of the road. However, since there are instructions to construct road immediately after completion of digging work and laying of pipeline, the construction work leaves behind some flaws, he added.Taking note of public inconvenience caused due to ongoing digging work, the district administration had issued instructions to complete construction of road on a priority after completion of digging work last year. Similarly, the executing agencies (responsible for digging) were also entrusted the responsibility of construction of roads in the area where digging work was done.As the pathetic condition of road near DLW was enough to raise eyebrows, the condition of road in other parts of the city was also found to be pitiable.. The busy Ravindrapuri-Lanka road, which was dug around a year ago for laying underground cables, was still waiting for construction. Similarly, the recently dug Sunderpur-DLW road also witnessed technical flaws with newly constructed road caving to the pressure of traffic load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12673162", "title": "Earthquake shakes parts of Jammu and Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: A low-intensity earthquake measuring 4.1 on Richter scale shook parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the wee hours on Sunday.\"An earthquake of magnitude 4.1 occurred at 2:20am with its epicentre at India-China border in Ladakh region,\" a disaster management cell official said here.The epicentre was located 209 km east of Leh town near the border between Ladakh and Xinjiang region of China.The tremor, however, was not felt in the Kashmir Valley, the official added.There were no reports of any casualties, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672731", "title": "Prof's arrest over Mamata cartoon angers India", "text": "The Bengal government's decision to arrest a JU prof for sharing a cartoon that lampoons the chief minister is no laughing matter, feel funnymen across IndiaCyrus BroachaIf I had to do a show in Bengal now, I would first need to get an anticipatory bail for myself. I was a fan of Mamata but now, my perception has changed. For the outside world, she had come across as quite a warm person. But what's this that she has done? Is it a case of being surrounded by so many sycophants and morons that she can no longer accept criticism? This professor is a man of letters and one just can't do such a thing to him. I wanted to do a spoof on this for my show. But this whole issue unfolded even as we were shooting on Friday. If the issue doesn't die down, we will surely focus on it on our next show. Someone has to make Mamata understand that bullying is no fun.MirOne has to seek an appointment with a surgeon and ask him to remove the funny bone. If being funny is uncool, it is worth removing the funny bone as that seems to be the only 'bone' of contention now. What would have happened if RK Laxman and Kutty were to draw today?Shekhar SumanIt's despotic and the Centre must intervene. There has to be a public outcry against this. There is nothing wrong in the cartoon. People express their views on Facebook and Twitter. But at this rate, everyone might get arrested sooner or later. This guy has taken a dialogue from a Ray movie. I will surely use this as a springboard for my next episode. After this incident, I've decided to call Mamata Nirmamta Banerjee.Ahsaan QureshiHad I been chicken-hearted, I would never have entered this profession. I am not afraid of being arrested and Mamata Banerjee is no queen of India that she can go about doing such things. I have done stand-up comedy on politicians and have never worried about ruffling feathers. Sooner or later, the common man will ask for answers because they will never allow a dictator to function.Cyrus SahukarI have personally not seen the cartoon. I strongly feel that if we are living in a democracy, such an act can't be tolerated. How can we think of living and working in a space where self expression has to be completely guarded and with rules? That's a tragedy. Creativity can't come with such restrictive clauses. And if it does, we should stop claiming to be living in a democratic country.Kunal VijaykarIf you are a satirist and want to live in Kolkata, your life is in danger! Mamata Banerjee had got mass support in Bengal and I too was becoming a big fan of hers. But now, I think she believes she can bully and blackmail. This action is enough to show that power has gone to her head. I had planned to go down to Kolkata to taste good food. But with this kind of a situation, I would rather not go anywhere near Bengal. What if people recognize me for doing my kind of shows on television and get me arrested?- Compiled by Priyanka Dasgupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673971", "title": "SSLC evaluators too threaten boycott", "text": "MYSORE: Even as II PU students are worried over the boycott of evaluation of their answer scripts, the Karnataka State High School Assistant Masters' Association on Saturday threatened to boycott the evaluation of SSLC answer scripts. The evaluation work is scheduled to commence from April 23.KSHSAMA secretary G C Shankar said evaluation of SSLC answer scripts will be boycotted till the government meets the demands of high school assistant teachers. He alleged that the government has not revised the salary of teachers for two decades. While admitting that SSLC students will be under duress, he said they are not doing it to hurt them or their parents. There are 25 evaluation centres in the city. \"Despite submitting memoranda several times to the Pay Commission and the successive governments, our demands have not been met. Even the government promise to pay Rs 200 as additional incentive has not been met,\" said Shankar.The pay scale of Rs 17,650, recommended by VI Pay Commission to assistant teachers, is less, he stated. KSHSAMA has submitted a memorandum to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and primary education minister Vishweshwara Hegade Kageri about their demands.Shankar warned that they will boycott the evaluation till the government solved the problems of assistant teachers. Explaining some demands of KSHSAMA, he said government should promote to assistant teachers as headmasters, award increment and medical allowances to private aided school teachers and revise evaluation remuneration and daily allowance. It sought promotion of high school assistant teachers as lecturers who have completed post-graduate degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670532", "title": "Maruti Suzuki to invest Rs 2,000 cr in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Carmaker Maruti Suzuki on Saturday said it plans to invest Rs 2,000 crore in diesel engine manufacturing facility at its Gurgaon plant to meet the demand for Swift and Dzire models.The company will manufacture 1.5 lakh diesel engines for Swift and Desire in the current year to meet the growing demand, Shashank Srivastava, chief general manager (marketing), said after launching the new model Ertiga in Madhya Pradesh.To a question whether the hike in excise duty by 2% had any impact on car sales, Srivastava said it was across the board for every sector.The car production in last FY was 26.2 lakh, against 25.2 lakh in FY 2010-11, he pointed out.In the last three months of 2011-12, 50% of the cars sold were diesel engine ones, which was much higher than expected, he said.To another question, Srivastava said the company would start exporting Ertiga to southeast Asian countries, mainly Indonesia , by April end.In recent years, Multi-Purpose Vehicles have emerged as the fastest growing sub-segment among UVs (utility vehicles), with a growth of around 20%, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "murkudoh (gondia)", "code": "12670113", "title": "Villagers helping Naxals, says Gondia Superintendent of police", "text": "MURKUDOH (GONDIA): The villages of Murkudoh and Dandari in Salekasa tehsil of Gondia, flanked by verdant fields and forests, have enough charm in them to ignite the creative energy of a landscape artist. These hamlets situated at the tri-junction of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh , and around 240-km from Nagpur, are also a nightmare for security forces who conduct repeated raids to flush out the Naxals.The jungles and hillocks are good hiding places for the Maoists. The forces rarely meet with success as the Naxals manage to elude their clutches easily.The police suspect that the rebels have set up a strong intelligence network among the villagers. \"We have reports that Naxal operatives get information when forces leave their base for an operation. There are strong indications of Naxal presence and movements of senior leaders in Murkudoh-Dandari but locals ensure that they are well protected when the forces reach these two villages,\" said a senior officer from Gondia police.Intelligence reports underline the fact that the five tolas (hamlets) of Murkudoh-Dandari, along with the adjoining ones of Katema in Chhattisgarh and Kattipar in Madhya Pradesh, are strong Naxal bastions and considered as their liberated zones.Security forces of the three states have conducted joint and parallel operations here in the past but Naxals have always managed to give them the slip. \"We have conducted operations on a weekly basis without any results to shows,\" said Gondia SP Chandra Kishore Mina.He added that it has been established that the Naxals have a close relationship with the villagers of Murkudoh and Dandari. \"How else could the Naxals escape from here even though the security forces come in large numbers. There have been very few occasions of firing too,\" said Mina.Villagers want solar energyThe villagers of Murkudoh said though there is electricity, there's no assurance on uninterrupted power. \"With agriculture being the biggest sources of income, irrigation cannot be done properly,\" said Shankarlal Uikey, a villager. \"The administration should consider methods to derive solar power.\"\"Once power supply is discontinued, it takes long to resume and at times is not restored for several days. There are a numbers of schemes but the ignorance of the district administration is not helping our cause,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673461", "title": "Man held for making fake marksheets and certificates", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kotwali police on Saturday arrested a resident of Chak, Zero Road on charges of preparing fake marksheets and certificates of different universities and state secondary education board. On the basis of information provided by the arrested person, the police raided his shop at Zero Road and recovered 30 fake marksheets and certificates.Acting on a tip-off, a team of Kotwali police led by station house officer Ram Surat Sonkar and his associates nabbed Rajnish Yadav after receiving reports that he was engaged in preparing fake marksheets and certificates. Upon interrogation the arrested man took the police team to his shop in Zero Road where the police found fake marksheets and certificates of Bhopal University, Secondary Education Board, Rewa alongwith fake diploma certificates and marksheets of Agra University. He has been booked under Sections 419, 420, 465, 468 and 471.Hardened criminal held: Phulpur police, on Saturday, arrested a hardened criminal identified as, Samhalu alias Samhaluddin, a resident of Aguhwa village (Phulpur) who had been evading arrest since March 2011.Police here claimed that hardened criminal was carrying Rs 10,000 cash reward on his head and was wanted in connection with over a dozen criminal cases that included dacoity, murder, loot etc. The arrest was made near Allahabad-Jaunpur border when he was planning to escape from city.Police further maintained that the arrested criminal was wanted in connection with one Moharram Ali murder case where Samhaluddin with the help of Amina Begum and her daughter Reena Begum had eliminated Moharram Ali in Phulpur on March 12, 2011.Phulpur police added that Samhaluddin had developed illicit relationship with one Reena Begum, daughter of Moharram Ali and Amina Begum. While mother had no objection over the relationship of samhaluddin and reena begum, father had started raising his objections. Police claimed that Samhaluddin was frequent visitor to Ali's house and he used to offer money to Amina Begum for their daily needs. Following this, there had been a rift between Moharram Ali and Amina Begum and they further decided to stay separately.Samhaluddin later hatched the conspiracy and asked Amina begum to call her husband for dinner. The trio on March 12, 2011 had stabbed Moharram Ali to death and threw his body near village chak. Following the incident, the police had arrested Amina begum and her daughter in a case registered with police under section 302, 201 and 120 B of IPC but Samhaluddin managed to escaped from the city. On September 28,2011, the ex-DIG had announced a Rs 10,000 cash reward on the head of Samhaluddin alias Samhalu. Later, a team was constituted to ensure the arrest of the hardened criminal and police arrested the wanted criminal on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12680344", "title": "Chiranjeevi launches Gabbar Singh music", "text": "The music launch of Gabbar Singh was a mega event, quite literally at that. After a long time Chiranjeevi, Pawan Kalyan, Naga Babu and Allu Arjun were seen sharing the stage together, much to the delight of the hooting fans and the shutterbugs present at Shilpa Kala Vedika, the venue of the audio launch. Chiranjeevi was the chief guest of the evening and he presented the first audio cd to Pawan Kalyan. He singled out Pawan Kalyan for special praise saying, \"Kalyan has always tried to push the envelope with his films. While some have gone on to be blockbusters and others have not lived up to the expectations, the passion with which he approaches every film has always been the same. He always tries to make a socially relevant point through his films. I wish him and the team of Gabbar Singh all the very best. Listening to the music of the film I get the feeling this movie is going to be another milestone in his career.\"On the eve of Gabbar Singh's audio launch, the film's core team comprising Pawan Kalyan, Devi Sri Prasad, Harish Shankar and Ganesh Babu went to Tirupati and Vishakapatnam in a chartered flight to launch a song each before arriving in Hyderabad for the official music launch. Clearly the filmmakers are sparing no effort in making sure the buzz of the movie is felt all through the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12672651", "title": "CVC anti-graft measures: SMS, email alerts soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to ensure greater transparency and fast handling of corruption complaints, the Central Vigilance Commission is considering sending SMS alerts and emails to inform complainants about its status.It has asked Chief Vigilance Officers of all government departments to use a state-of-the-art online application specifically developed for the purpose while dealing with people's grievances.\"The Commission is working on the system. Initially we have asked our CVOs to use it and later we will be sending alerts to complainants,\" a CVC official said.He said that the probity watchdog is working towards leveraging information technology for not only simplification of processes but also enhancing interaction with all stakeholders in the fight against corruption.The online system handles complaint from all sources in electronic form and ensures expeditious disposal.The official, however, said that complaints of grave corruption in which the Commission seeks details of action taken report by the CVOs will not be dealt with the system initially.\"We will be starting up with complaints in which 'necessary action' is required. The future course of action will depend upon its outcome,\" the official said.The CVOs, who are appointed in every departments to assist in vigilance-related matters, are also being provided separate log in details.At present, the Commission has anti-corruption hotline in which an aggrieved person can call on the toll free number 1800-11-0180 and on 011-24651000 to lodge complaint about their problems related to unnecessary lingering of work in any department due to demand for \"undue favours\" or \"gratification\" by public servants, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668892", "title": "It's tramway, not metro rail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is Hyderabad going to have a metro rail or a glorified toy train chugging through the city at a snail's pace? In a surprising declaration before the AP high court, Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) managing director N V S Reddy said that though the project is named as metro rail, in reality, it is a tramway. This was stated in the writ petition filed in the high court on April 9 seeking the vacation of the stay imposed by a single bench of the court last month on the works on the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills of corridor 3 (Nagole-Shilparamam) of the 'metro rail' project.\"Hyderabad Metro Rail project is a tramway and that merely the project is named as metro rail will not cease to be a tramway,\" N V S Reddy said in the petition. What Reddy meant was that instead of a rapid mass transport that is supposed to be a panacea for the city's growing traffic problem, what actually taking shape is a low potential tramway.\"With the advancement of technology, it is possible to bring a tramway at an elevated level and it was valid because the service is only meant for intra-city traffic unlike a rail system that is meant for inter-city long-distance traffic,\" N V S Reddy said in the writ petition. HMRL's appeal seeking the vacation of the stay is slated to be heard by the division bench of Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar on April 17.Experts feel a tramway can never match a metro rail in terms of handling traffic load and speed. While the metro rail - a rapid mass transit system -has a maximum speed of 120 km per hour and an average speed of 80 kmph, a tramway can travel at a maximum speed of 40 km per hour and will have an average speed of a mere 20-25 kmph!As far as the traffic capacity is concerned, a metro train can handle 50,000 passengers per hour per direction (PPD) at peak hours, while a tramway's capacity is just 4,000 passengers per hour per direction. Normally, a tramway is suitable for short-distance public transport carrying low passenger load with low speed and coal mines where the services are used to transport workers from one side to other and in amusement parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669947", "title": "All India progressive women's association protests lifeterm to Rupam Pathak", "text": "PATNA: All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA) activists on Saturday held demonstrations across the state to protest against life imprisonment to Rupam Pathak, the main accused in Purnia BJP MLA Raj Kishore Kesri murder case.In the state capital, AIPWA activists led by its general secretary Meena Tiwary took out a rally from JP roundabout near Gandhi Maidan to Patna radio station and squatted on Frazer Road, paralyzing the traffic. She told the gathering the claims of the Nitish government regarding empowerment of women stood exposed. Others who addressed the gathering were AIPWA town secretary Anita Sinha, Anuradha Devi, Sangita Singha, Samta Rai and Reena.According to a report from Darbhanga, AIPWA activists led by state secretary Shashi Yadav on Saturday detained the Delhi-bound Bihar Sampark Kranti Express for 30 minutes at Darbhanga railway station in protest against lifeterm awatded to Rupam Pathak. Yadav demanded Pathak's release and said AIPWA would help her in challenging the conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12669761", "title": "Fail retest, fail Class XI", "text": "PANAJI: A Class XI student failing to secure a qualifying grade in the supplementary exam will not be allowed to keep terms for Class XII, states a circular of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education.Issued at the behest of schools, it clarifies the Board's stance on award of ATKT for Class XI students.It states that to pass, the student will have to secure any grade from 'A' to 'G' in the subject, provided they secure minimum H grade separately in theory and year round assessment (YRA).A student is further entitled to a maximum six condonation marks to score an overall 'G' grade in one or more subject after adding the theory and YRA components.But these condonation marks are only if the student has secured a minimum 'H' grade separately in theory and YRA. These marks will be added only if the student passes after award of condonation marks.Students scoring over two non-qualifying grades (H &amp; I) overall in a subject will be declared-needs improvement.Those scoring one or two non-qualifying grades can appear for the supplementary exam in those subjects only. These exams should be held either one month after final results or before the second week of the new academic year, states the circular. The portion will be the core content of first and second terms.For Class XII, a student is entitled for maximum six condonation marks to obtain overall 'G' grade in one or more subjects after adding the internal and external theory and practical components.This is only if the student has secured minimum 'H' grade in external theory exam and minimum 'H' grade separately in practical and theory component. The condonation marks will be given only if the student passes the exam after award of marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12669133", "title": "State mulls subsidy for milk powder makers", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to give relief to milk powder manufacturers in view of the ban on export of milk powder and other dairy items, the Maharashtra government is planning to give a subsidy of Rs 2 per litre to milk powder makers and a decision to this effect is likely to be taken in the next few days.After the ban on export of milk powders and other milk products was imposed in February this year, milk powder producers have stopped purchasing milk from farmers. As a result, dairy farming, which is a major alternate source of income of the farmers, has been adversely affected.A delegation of the Peasants and Workers' Party (PWP), led by state secretary Jayant Patil, met the dairy development minister of the state Madhukar Chavan. \"We recently met the dairy development minister and urged him to lift the ban on export of milk powder and other milk-made items. Chavan informed us of the government's proposal to give a subsidy of Rs 2 per litre to milk-powder producers so that they would continue purchasing milk from the farmers. The decision in this effect is likely to be taken in the next few days by the chief minister and deputy chief minister of Maharashtra,\" said Manish Baste, Nashik district secretary, PWP.\"Moreover, we have urged the Dairy Development Minister not to give the benefits of subsidy to those milk-powder makers who have not cleared the dues of farmers from whom they had purchased milk. A meeting with the central government over the ban on export of milk powder and other milk-made items is also being held at Anand in Gujarat this weekend,\" he said.The central government in February 2012 had imposed ban on export of milk powders (including skimmed milk powder, whole milk powder, dairy whitener and infant milk foods). The ban on export of milk-made products has caused decline in milk demand as private firms have stopped purchasing as much milk from farmers.. As a result, the milk business of farmers has been greatly affected since the last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673534", "title": "Glowing tributes to Ambedkar", "text": "KANPUR: The 121st birth anniversary of BR Ambedkar remained a grand occasion in the city on Saturday.Several programmes were organized to remember the father of the Indian Constitution. Banners and posters were put by various political parties at prominent crossings to congratulate the denizens on the birth anniversary of Ambedkar.The members of Bhartiya Dalit Panther organized a function at Mcrobertganj and recalled that Ambedkar had taken pledge to remove casteism from the country. They took out a procession which passed through Vivek tiraha, Gwaltoli, Nala road and Chai Bangalia area. Valmiki Samaj Ambedkar Manch organized a function at La Touche Road and asked the people to follow the path shown by Ambedkar.Bhartiya Baudh Mahasabha organized the birth anniversary in Nanarao Park. The speakers said that Ambedkar had dedicated his life for the welfare of backward class, minorities and Dalits and threw light on the life of Ambedkar. UP Pichara Dalit Sanyukt Mahasabha organized a function at E-block in Panki.At several places, the statues of Ambedkar were garlanded at several places. The followers distributed biscuits and toffees to the children in Gadiana, Gopal Nagar and Macharia.A function was held at Company Bagh crossing. The speakers emphasized that Ambekdar had taken a pledge to remove casteism from the country. \"We have to execute the thoughts of Baba Saheb in our lives only after that development could take place,\" said Dhani Ram Baudh, president, Bhartiya Dalit Panther.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12669526", "title": "Tusker dies in fight over female elephant", "text": "Jalpaiguri: A tusker was killed when it got into a fight with another tusker reportedly over the possession of a female elephant at the Buxa Tiger Reserve on Friday night. The carcass of the tusker was found on Saturday.Foresters believe that the tuskers saw a female elephant at Compartment No. 5 in Poro beat of the forest and approached her at the same time. Then they got into a fight over the possession of the elephant during which one of the tuskers died.The body of the tusker was handed over to the vulture rehabilitation centre at Rajabhatkhawa after autopsy.An adult tusker was killed in infighting with another tusker at Buxa Tiger Reserve forest. The incident happened on Friday night at compartment no. 5 in Poro beat of the forest that falls in the west range. The carcass of the tusker was found on Saturday.Foresters believe that the two tuskers had got engaged into a feud over possession of a female elephant. The two had probably approached a secreting female at the same time following which they got engaged into infighting over its possession which ended up with the death of one.Reports state that over the past few years the number of male elephants in the forests of north Bengal has increased. Often there are instances of male elephants engaging into a tussle over possession of their female counterparts. On several occasions, the female elephants are killed to ensure that nobody gains possession of them.From reports available number of male elephants has increased in the north Bengal forestlands over the past few years and therefore often cases of males engaging into infighting over possession of females can be seen. On several occasions even the female elephants are killed to ensure it is not possessed by any other male.In March 2008, an adult makna (elephant without tusks) was killed while fighting with another tusker at the west Poro beat of the forest. In a similar incident the previous year at Lataguri near Gorumara National Park, a tusker had killed a makna for the same reason.The body of the tusker found on Saturday was given to vulture rehabilitation centre at Rajabhatkhawa after autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673597", "title": "Private schools evasive in implementing SC order on Right To Education", "text": "KANPUR: The Central government's initiative to implement Right To Education Act in all the parts of the country has paved a way for poor and backward children in mainstream education. But the question arises is whether the initiative sufficient to provide education to the poor and backward children? TOI conducted a survey in the schools to know what the management thinks about the issue. Authorities of some schools have welcomed the Supreme Court's order the implementation of RTE. Others remained noncommittal and refrained from making comment.Many non-governmental schools have welcomed the Supreme Court's decision of giving 25 per cent quota to children from the underprivileged and below poverty line (BPL) sections in private schools. But, the authorities of a few schools argued that there would have been no need to prescribe 25 per cent BPL quota in private schools, if the government focused on improving the quality of education in schools run by it.\"The poor families and students would not have to require to run after private schools had the structure of government schools and quality of education improved. There is no problem with implementation of Right To Education Act and BPL quota in private schools, but why government is not adopting the modes and methods of practical and technical teaching in government schools,\" KV Vincent, principal of Huddard Public School, said. He added that his school is prepared to implement what the court had ordered. He added: \"The court has upheld what has been laid down by the Right to Education Act 2009. Realizing that implementation of the order has an economic dimension as the earning of the school will go down by 25%, we are ready with a blueprint.\"Principal of Delhi Public School, Kalyanpur, Archana Nigam treated the RTE issue cautiously. \"We will examine the court order and do the needful. But, we already have a notable number of children from humble background,\" she said.Rita Saxena, principal of Padampat Singhania Public School said that her institution was always in support of provisions of the RTE.\"We already have a provision of some reserved seats in the school, which have been allotted to underprivileged or backward class children. However, doing this as an initiative and doing it under a law will be different as it will imply equally for all now,\" said Lila Chandra, Principal of SR Education Center. This school also runs separate classes for poor kids after regular school timings.Similar system of educating for the underprivileged and BPL kids after school can be seen in many schools but not as a part of the main school. The children are accommodated at different timings and in a different way.According to educationists, such a system defeats the purpose of RTE, which wants to bring children from weaker sections to the mainstream education system and with children of the general class. Under the RTE Act, all the institutions running separate classes for BPL and underprivileged kids will have to induct these students in the main class.\"In other words, 25% of every class will have students from socially and economically disadvantaged families. This was the main motive of RTE as it talks about equality. Having two sets of standards will give room to discrimination,\" said Manisha Singh, a teacher in Kendriya Vidyalaya.The Supreme Court verdict in favour of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, better known as the Right to Education Act or RTE Act, is likely to make dramatic changes in the composition of students in private schools and the economic matter of private educational institutions. This has made several school authorities worried and they do not want to support RTE.According to the RTE, all schools, including privately-run schools, irrespective of the board they are affiliated to, have to admit at least 25% students from socially and economically backward families from this academic year (2012-13). These students will be guaranteed free education from class I till they reach the age of 14.However, madrasas and institutions of Vedic learning will continue to be outside the ambit of the Act as the HRD ministry has declared them as institutions of religious instruction rather than educational institutions as described under the RTE.What is RTE?Free school education students upto 14 years from socially &amp; economically backward familiesDoes RTE apply to all schools?Yes, even private, convents, irrespective of the board. Only madrasas &amp; Vedic schools exemptedIn what age group will RTE be applied?Children from age 6 to 14 or from Class 1 to 8Will there be a fee hike?Most probably as government subsidy won't meet full cost of providing free education to 25% studentsWill students from poor families be in same classroom?Yes. RTE says these students must be integrated in the main classroomCan teachers hold private tuition?RTE says that no teacher can take private tuitions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669471", "title": "Gujarat high court lets off 'land grabber' wrongly branded 'dangerous person'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A single-judge bench of the Gujarat high court cancelled Ahmedabad district collector's order to detain a person under the Prevention of Anti-Social Activities Act (PASA) saying that Shantilal Koli Patel cannot be considered a 'dangerous person' for just having few FIRs against him in civil disputes.However, the division bench has set aside the judgment and asked the single-judge bench to hear the case again because the ground for seeking Patel's detention was not that he was a 'dangerous person', but because he is dubbed a 'land grabber'.Last year, the district collector passed an order for detaining Patel under section 2(h) of PASA by terming him a land grabber. Patel moved the HC and justice Z K Saiyed heard his petition. Patel's lawyer contended that complaints lodged against his client were in connection with property disputes, which were purely personal in nature. There were no allegations against him that he was a threat to law and order. Hence he could not be described as 'dangerous person', the lawyer said.The judge too perused documents and concluded that the offences filed against Patel were not enough to describe him as dangerous person for society. The HC quashed the collector's order on October 14 last year.The state government challenged this before a division bench and submitted that the authority wanted to detain Patel, for he was a land usurper. The division bench of justices V M Sahai and A J Desai went through documents again and found that the entire case was proceeded earlier on the false premise, and a false order came to be passed by the HC.Asking the single-judge bench to hear the case again, the division bench noticed, \"In our opinion, the entire case was proceeded before the single judge on a wrong footing and on non-existent grounds and, therefore, the judgment is required to be set aside in view of the aforesaid factual aspect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674747", "title": "Upto 3 months waiting for petrol cars", "text": "INDORE: Waiting is a common thing when it comes to the delivery of a new diesel car which has become the flavour of the car market in the country due to the rise in petrol prices. But, what if you are told that a petrol car is not readily available? No need to wonder as it prevails with certain auto companies in the state. The petrol models of auto majors like Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai and Toyota hit the waiting period hurdle ranging from 15 days to three months.Praveen Patel, Maruti Suzuki's dealer in Indore, confirmed it and said that he was finding it difficult to supply petrol version of Dzire cars to his customers in time. He said that more than 20 customers have booked the car but delay in supply affected delivery.Maruti-Suzuki's new version of the Dzire model has a waiting period ranging between one and three months, in the entire Madhya Pradesh. The company's chief general manager, marketing, Shashank Srivastava, confirmed it here on Saturday. Srivastava, who was here to unveil its seven-seater life utility vehicle Ertiga, told TOI that it is because of the attractive pricing strategy. The price of the new version of the model has come down by Rs 25-30,000 as compared to its old version. It could become possible by reducing the length of the car to less than 4 metre. If the car's length is less than 4 m, then the excise duty, which is charged by the government at the rate of 22%, becomes half at 12% and hence the reduction in price, said Srivastava adding that demand for diesel cars will continue to be in the higher zone during the current fiscal too. \"That is why, we are shortly starting the production of diesel cars at our Gurgaon facility too,\" he said.Hyundai's certain petrol variants like its Verna sedan are also on waiting period of 15-20 days, said the company's local dealer, Aditya Kasliwal.Interestingly, there is a waiting period for petrol versions of Toyota cars too, but for a different reason.Sachin Sharma, group general manager, Toyota, Indore, said that there is a waiting period for petrol version at his showroom because of the colour factor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669270", "title": "Chandigarh-Bandra train to run twice a week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what appears to be a gift from the railways for those planning a vacation in Mumbai from the region and those in Mumbai planning a holiday in the cool climes of Shimla , the Northern Railways is all set to make the Chandigarh-Bandra train a bi-weekly one. The proposal moved by the divisional headquarters earlier this month has already been approved by the Northern Railway headquarters in Delhi.A holiday special train to begin with the Chandigarh-Bandra train is going to be blessing for commuters.The train is likely to start running from the first week of May.The authorities are in the process of working out the modalities as well as the time table.Inquiries revealed that initially this train shall run as a holiday special. Later, from July 1 onwards, the train will be part of the railway time table as a bi-weekly train. With this, those worried about their travel to Mumbai in May, too have a reason to smile as people on the waiting list shall be adjusted in this train.G M Singh, the senior divisional commercial manager (Sr DCM) confirmed the development, saying, \"We are waiting for the final order from the headquarters, otherwise we are all set to roll out the train.\"Inquiries revealed that the 20 bogey train shall include six sleeper coaches, six general coaches, two AC 2 tier coaches, three AC 3 tier coaches and 1 AC 1 tier coach.Reacting to the proposal, people are calling it as a good step for travellers as a s holiday revellers.\"This was a much awaited decision and this was expected ever since the train was launched last month. Now we are hoping that keeping in view the traffic inflow of tourists, the train be connected to the trains running between Kalka-Shimla,\" said Vinod Bhan, a Manimajra resident, who travels frequently to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668643", "title": "Cops fear to snuff out beacons of violation", "text": "CHENNAI: A car with a red beacon is a privileged vehicle on city roads. The policeman makes way for it on congested roads and salutes as the vehicle passes, often not knowing who is in the vehicle. It could be a dignitary; it could also be a conman.How could anyone know, for the city police have not caught anyone for unauthorized use of red beacon atop cars in the last 10 years, as the reply to an RTI application by TOI shows. This despite the Madras high court asking the police to take action against unauthorized users. While the police records are blank on the offence, sale of red beacon units go on in Pudupet and spare part shops in other places. In Pudupet, all it takes for a revolving red light which gives you immunity from police challans is Rs 500. \"You can come anytime and pick it up,\" said a shopkeeper.In the RTI reply dated March 21, the traffic police said, \"No vehicles were caught in Chennai for installing revolving red lights without permission.\" In response to a question on the number of inspections conducted in the last 10 years, the reply is rather evasive: \"Enforcement on violation of red revolving light in vehicles is conducted daily.\"Sanjay Arora, additional commissioner of police (traffic), was more candid when he said many officials of several government departments are responsible for unauthorized use. \"A drive should be conducted by government agencies to check whether officials using red beacons on the vehicles are authorized to do so,\" he said.Police officials said they had caught people using beacons without authorization, but most got away using their influence. Rules permit only 19 categories of dignitaries to use red beacons, but hundreds of vehicles, including those of IAS officers, legislators, politicians, university vice-chancellors, district judges, panchayat presidents and religious leaders, sport beacons without permission.Police officials said it also posed a security threat. \"A criminal can gain access to places using the beacon,\" said an official. Cracking down, however, was tough as a policeman wrongfully stopping a VVIP could land in serious trouble.The Madras high court last March directed the police to seize vehicles using red beacons without authorization. The first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, issued an interim order on the basis of a public interest litigation petition filed by D Kalaiarasu, a Coimbatore-based advocate. The court also directed the police to remove unauthorized beacon lights. The bench said bureaucrats, senior police officers and department heads, including district collectors, registrar general of the high court, district judges, superintendent of police and secretaries to the government, can use amber lights while on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668873", "title": "Annapurna Studios aims to improve shooting facilities", "text": "HYDERABAD: Filmmaking in Hyderabad is all set to become grand with the addition five new state-of-the-art, climate controlled production floors at the 30-year-old Annapurna Studios.The one lakh square foot newly added floors are also equipped with five-star luxury make-up rooms and dance rehearsal facility among others.Akkineni Nagarjuna, actor and the managing director of Annapurna Studios on Saturday told the media that with the addition of the new five floors on the seven acre premises of the studio, combined with its already five existing facilities in the 22-acre studio in Banjara Hills, Annapurna Studios would become the largest such film studio in Asia.With Rs 100 crore invested for developing the new facilities, the studio will be able to host bigger volume of global movie productions.The studio, which has the largest number of trained crew, will offer international standard 'Concept to Can' movie production services.With additional capacities being developed and strategic partnership with global players like Reliance Media Works, SGO-Spain and Light Illusion-UK, Annapurna Studios hopes to lure multi-million dollar movie production business into the state, Nagarjuna said.A not-for-profit Annapurna International School for Film and Media and an upgraded film preview theatre also exist on the premises of Annapurna Studios.Nagarjuna, managing director of Annapurna Studios, said that the addition of five new floors, combined with the five already in place at the 22-acre facility in Banjara Hills, would make it the largest film studio in Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669334", "title": "Revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary visits hail-hit Jalaun villages", "text": "LUCKNOW: Revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary and principal secretary/relief commissioner Ashok Kumar visited district Jalaun on Saturday and distributed financial assistance of Rs 1.5 lakh each to the dependants of the 11 persons who died in hail storm in several villages in Dakor vikas khand of the district. They are enquired about the people injured in the natural calamity and directed the doctors to provide them the best possible treatment.The minister after inspecting the affected areas of the district and listening to the problems of the people announced that no revenue would be realised from the farmers in view of the damages suffered by them and that the government would provide them home loan and agriculture loan to them.He has directed the district administration officials to solve all the problems of the affected people and undertake inspection to ascertain the loss of life and property of the villagers in the hailstorm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12669197", "title": "103 swine flu screening centres set up", "text": "NASHIK: In order to arrest the spread of swine flu in the district, the district health office has started three-stage swine flu screening centres across all the 103 public health centres (PHCs) in the district.The medical officers concerned have been asked to monitor and update the cases on a daily basis and a daily report of the same is being sent to the state government.\"It is difficult to arrest the spread of swine flu but at the same time citizens need to know that they must not panic. With this objective in mind, the zilla parishad health office has started the screening centres to be able to collect all information about suspects, as well as patients who have been diagnosed and tested positive or negative as the case may be, to ensure that nobody misses the health department's attention,\" district health officer, Dr Yogesh Sale said.All 103 primary health centres in the district have screening centres led by their respective medical officers. The patients have been broadly classified into three categories.Those suffering from mild cough and temperature are classified in the 'C' category and will be administered regular doses or antibiotics.If the symptoms aggravate to high fevers, cough, cold, body pain with no marked response to antibiotics, the medical officer will take the sample of the throat swab and administer a dose of Tamiflu and at the same time advice isolation of the patient. Such patients are classified in the 'B' category.Doctors have also advised citizens to take note of relatives and persons whom the patient has contacted during the time.If the tests turn positive, the person is classified in the 'A' category and shifted to the Civil Hospital where isolation wards are ready with the required facilities for treating those that test positive.Thereafter, the health of all those in the list will be closely monitored and if any symptoms are seen, they will be administered Tamiflu tablets, Dr Sale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12670171", "title": "Fake cops strike again, flee with valuables", "text": "MARGAO: One more case of cheating by impersonating policemen has come to light. Acting on a complaint lodged by Dundavva Nargunda, the Margao police have lodged a complaint against the unknown accused.Nargunda has complained to the police that on April 7, two persons riding a motorcycle accosted her at Fatorda. They warned her against wearing valuables in view of the spate in thefts and advised her to hand over the jewellery she was wearing to them. She believed in their advice and removed the valuables she was wearing. No sooner had she handed over her mangalsutra and a finger ring to them, the duo fled .Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672916", "title": "Rana Daggubati to learn street art", "text": "Which A-lister from Bollywood is going to play Rana Daggubati's mentor-cop in Aditya Bhattacharya's new-rage adaptation of his 1989 cult crime drama Raakh?In the original Pankaj Kapoor had played the part of the disillusioned drunken ostracized cop who helps hero Aamir Khan seek revenge when Aamir's girlfriend(Supriya Pathak) is gangraped by a ganglord and his goons.The story now entitled A Momentary Lapse Of Reason now moves to Los Angeles .And the hero's enemies are now crime-lords operating out of LA. At the moment, neither the director nor Rana are willing to discuss the crucial casting of the Pankaj Kapoor character.Rana is excited about this being his first English-language film, and one that requires intense preparation.The film has a very prominent place for the street art of LA. Rana needs to get into LA at least three months in advance of the winter shooting to master various types of street art including graffiti and spray painting.Explains Rana, \"For the crime world of LA the spray paint is the redemption.So many anti-socials harness their negative energy into street art. They spend their time practising street art with a can of spray paint.\"Rana needs to understand the language of street art. This, incidentally, was not a part of the original film.Rana has not seen Aamir Khan in Raakh. He doesn't intend to. \"We want to approach A Momentary Lapse Of Reason as an original film and not a remake of Raakh. That film will only be reference-point. Director Aditya Bhattacharya has completely re-vamped and re-invented the film.\"Rana admits he was surprised when Bhattacharya approached him. \"Why me? That was my first thought. I was impressed by Aditya's faith in me. Of course I knew about him. We both grew up in the film industry, though in different parts of the country. I'm most impressed by Aditya's homework on the subject. The sub-culture and the underbelly of LA has been explored inside-out in the script.\"Rana would be shooting in the ghettos and some of the most dangerous locations of LA. \"We want to create a film where the danger to the hero's life is constant. We don't want to fake his fear.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670570", "title": "Sanitation first casualty as HUDA fails to renew contract", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of HUDA sectors are protesting against the authority for its failure in awarding sanitation-related contracts on time. Owing to this goof of sorts, most of the residential areas haven't been cleaned in the past two weeks. And if things keep moving at their usual pace, the situation is not likely to get better before the end of this month.The Haryana Urban Development Authority awards %annual contracts to private firms for sanitation works in colonies across the city. The conracts awarded last year ended in March 2012. But contracts for the current year have not been finalized yet.\"At present, no one is carrying out sanitation work in my sector. As a result of this, parks and roads are in awful shape,\" said K S Yadav, president of Sector 15 RWA. The RWA has also written a letter to the HUDA administrator, but nothing has happened so far. \"HUDA must expedite the process of awarding sanitation contracts. In fact, they should involve residents in the process of finalizing the contracts,\" he added.HUDA officials admitted that selection of new sanitation contractors will happen only by the end of this month. \"The tenders for new contracts have not been invited yet. This means that it would take at least a couple of weeks to implement the process,\" said a senior official on request of anonymity.Some experts have suggested that HUDA should extend the contracts of earlier service providers by a month in order to ensure hygiene in the residential colonies. \"At a time when the city has witnessed the first summer rain, the threat of dengue and malaria is very much real. The administration should act before things get worse,\" said a city doctor.The residents have also demanded transparency in the process of awarding contracts. According to them, just giving contract to the lowest bidder affects quality of services. To avoid this, the authority must include clauses in the agreement that define the quality of sanitation that must be provided. \"This year HUDA must ensure that the firms that get contract have an impeccable track record. They should have sufficient manpower to provide good services,\" said Amit Arora, general secretary of Sector 4 RWA.Earlier, after a series of complaints, HUDA had terminated contract of one such firm. But that has failed to impress the residents. \"The termination of a contractor who fails to provide services is a good step. But we can't accept a scenario where no one is responsible to clean the residential colonies in the area,\" said Ramesh Vaishist, general secretary of Sector 15 RWA.He said that the RWA was now planning to pool in money to hire a private sanitation services provider till such time that HUDA gets a new contractor. \"The sanitation workers have stopped coming to our colony and there is no one to clean the roads. We can't live in such unhygienic conditions,\" added Vaishist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12674130", "title": "Chinese toy proves fatal as battery blast kills 12-year-old", "text": "RAJKOT: The battery in a Chinese toy exploded claiming the life of a 12-year-old boy at Dhandhadi town near here on Saturday, police said.Kuldeep Parmar had put the battery on charging mode when it exploded.The boy suffered an electric shock and was rushed to Rajkot Civil Hospital where he was declared brought dead, according to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12675278", "title": "Delhi civic polls: Around 40% polling recorded till 3pm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Moderate polling was witnessed in the Delhi municipal elections, the first for the trifurcated civic body, on Sunday with around 40 per cent of the 1.15 crore electorate exercising its franchise till late afternoon.There were reports of delay in the start of voting at a few places due to malfunctioning of electronic voting machines (EVMs) while some people, including Congress Rajya Sabha member Pervez Hashmi, complained about not finding their names in the electoral rolls.No report of any untoward incident was received till 3pm though two persons were detained in west Delhi's Rajouri Garden area for alleged bogus voting. There was some tension near a polling station in Janakpuri after police prevented some people from gathering near it but the issue was sorted out.\"Around 40 per cent of voters have exercised their franchise till three PM,\" a State Election Commission official said. In the 2007 municipal polls, 42.78 per cent of the around 99 lakh voters had exercised their franchise.Some people complained that they were not allowed inside polling booths because they did not possess the 'letter' from the State Election Commission.The fate of 2,423 candidates would be sealed in the polling being held for 272 wards of the three civic bodies -- East, South and North -- carved out of the existing Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). Counting of votes will take place on Tuesday.As many as 83,000 policemen were keeping a tight vigil across the capital where polling began at 8am. 77,000 officials are conducting the elections in over 11,543 voting stations.A total of 1.15 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in the polls which include 42.95 lakh voters in North Delhi Corporation, 42.67 lakh voters in South Corporation and 27.16 lakh voters in East Corporation.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).The municipal polls is seen as crucial for Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Congress as well as opposition BJP with leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store for the Assembly polls which is 18 months away.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, harps on alleged corruption by Dikshit government while Congress is targeting the saffron party on its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670604", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority administrator pulls up five executive engineers for failing to meet targets", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA administrator has sought an explanation from five executive engineers (EE) for not completing their development work targets for the year 2011-2012. He has also sought an explanation from the superintending engineer.HUDA had a target of Rs 328,32,37,000 (328 crore 32 lakh and 37 thousand) which was divided amongst eight executive engineers of Gurgaon and one of Rewari for the sfinancial year 2011-2012. Taking a serious note of their not having achieved the financial targets, the administrator has given three days' time to them to file the clarification.The financial target was divided as Rs 35.56 crore for EE-1, 51.12 crore for EE-2, 85 crore 43 lakh 72 thousand for EE-3, 26.20 crore for EE-4, 25.45 crore for EE-5, 27.23 crore for EE-6. The horticulture wing had a target of 12 crore 66 lakh 90 thousand and the electrical wing was given a target of 25 crore 53 lakh and 75 thousand.By February the targets were reduced to a certain extent but still they were not achieved. EE1 completed 73%, EE4 completed 72%, EE 6 completed 80%, electrical completed 62% and horticulture wing completed 82% of the given target.A few of the engineers exceeded the given target by the department in the financial year for the development works in their areas. Division 2 completed 101%, Division 3 completed 123% and Division 5 completed 139% of the given target for year 2011-2012.The engineers would need to give explanation for not achieving the target within three days of receiving the warning note from the HUDA administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669989", "title": "Act to regulate nursing homes soon", "text": "PATNA: The health ministry has given its nod to the Bihar Clinical Establishment (Registration and Regulation) Act which will go to the cabinet soon for its approval. Once implemented, it would be mandatory for the nursing homes in the state to get registered, failing which they would be fined Rs 5 lakh, said principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha here on Saturday.The Act incorporates the clause of emergency medical provision, which was the main bone of contention between the doctors and the government. Sinha said the state government incorporated the clause from the Centre's Act on the subject.He said private clinics would be responsible for providing free first aid to those injured in accidents or violence in their vicinity. After their registration, private clinics would be given two years time to improve their infrastructure and meet the basic standards, failing which they would be issued show cause notice, he clarified.Dismissing the Bihar Health Service Association's (BHSA) objection that the government did not discuss the Act with the doctors, Sinha said they had been consulted several times before framing the Act. He also allayed the doctors' apprehension that the Act would vest unrestrained power in the district magistrates to cancel the registration of any nursing home. \"The clause intends not to harass nursing homes but to improve their quality of services. The same applies to the government hospitals as well,\" he said, adding that the previous law provided for inspection of private nursing homes from the first day itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12673623", "title": "Amul milk to be dearer by up to Rs 2 a litre in Delhi &amp; NCR", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation has decided to hike prices of Amul brand milk by up to Rs 2 per litre in Delhi and NCR region from Monday.\"Amul Taaza (toned) milk will cost Rs 30 per litre from tomorrow in Delhi and NCR compared to Rs 29 per litre, while slim and trim shall cost Rs 26 per litre in place of Rs 25, and Amul Gold (full cream) will be Rs 40 per litre against Rs 38 per litre,\" the federation's managing director R S Sodhi said.The hike in milk prices shall come into effect from Monday, he said.A similar hike was effected by the dairy major in Mumbai on April 11. Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) which markets its products under brand 'Amul' had already increased prices at almost the same levels in its home state of Gujarat on April 10.Citing rising cost of production as the major reason behind the hike, Sodhi said expense on milk production has gone up for farmers and GCMMF has also hiked the procurement price.GCMMF supplies nearly 20 lakh litres of milk per day in Delhi and NCR region. It is the second largest milk supplier in the region, after Mother Dairy.It had raised milk prices at similar levels in August last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673492", "title": "Students present classical dance on last day of Utsav", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The third and final day of \" Utsav\" the ongoing cultural and literary fest at Institute of Engineering Technology(IERT) Allahabad saw some entertaining performance by students in different categories on Saturday which drew wide appreciation from the gathering of teahers and students.The auditorium reverberated with the applause of youngsters as the participants performed on semi classical and sizzling dance numbers. However the event which became the cynosure of all eyes was the Duet dance where participants delivered some amazing performance displaying a unique synchronisation of co-ordination and rhythm on dance numbers from Hindi films. The dancing talent of the students came to the fore as they danced in perfect sync leaving the audience spellbound.Monisha and Utkarsh walked away with the top honours while the pair of Shruti and Madhu came in the second position followed by Anamika and Mohit in the third spot. The final event of the evening Fashion Show was an interesting amalgamation of colours and shades displayed in the apparells worn by the participants who sashayed down the ramp in unison amidst music played in the backdrop. tnnThe team of Santosh and Savita was adjudged the best while Anamika and her partner Praveen won the second position and Alok and Varsha coming a close third.In his own characteristic style the chairman of the Organising committee and senior faculty member, Vikram Singh also chipped in with two Hindi classic songs in his melodious voice providing a welcome break from the monotonous schedule.In the end,the director, Dr P K Singh distributed prizes to the winners.Others present included Sunil Nishad, Capt Girish Singh, Dean R P Singh, Secretary Sunil Nishad and other faculty members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12674034", "title": "Robbers fool salesmen, loot shop", "text": "MANGALORE: A group of people, posing as customers, succeeded in looting 40 finger rings valued at Rs 62,000 from a jewellery store in Central Market premises here on Saturday. The group, which descended on Roshni Jewellers owned by Roshan, kept him and his two other salesman busy under the guise of purchasing gold jewellery and managed to take a tray containing the finger rings. Their act was caught on a surveillance camera in the store.The owner only realized that the group had sneaked out the tray when he was about to leave the store for lunch in the afternoon. After thoroughly verifying the store for the missing tray and going through the stock of gold jewellery accounts, Roshan checked out the CCTV footage and caught the miscreants in action. Police are on the lookout for the accused. A case of theft has been registered in Mangalore North (Bunder) police station in this regard.Thieves loot Rs 2.87 LTwo unknown persons late on Friday robbed Koragappa Shenava, a resident of Kannur village, in Mangalore taluk and took away Rs 2.87 lakh in cash from his possession. Vinay Gaonkar, PI, Mangalore North Police station said the victim working as an accountant for a finance agency and a bar was on his way to deposit the daily earnings to his owner when the miscreants accosted him at Hampankatta robbed the cash and fled from the spot.Gold ornaments stolenUnknown persons entered the house of Manorama, an octagenerian resident of Bejai, in Mangalore taluk by removing roof tiles and robbed gold ornaments in her possession. The loss has been put at Rs 1 lakh. A case sof robbery has been registered in Urwa Police Station. The incident took place on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669485", "title": "Police's towing van fiasco irks City police chief", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay is fuming over the technical snags that had left the newly purchased towing vans crippled for almost a month. Two recovery vans were procured for Rs 18 lakh on March 12.\"The engineers had come on the delivery day. But, they returned telling us to wait for subsequent checking. We waited for a month but no one turned up. So we had decided to take out the vans,\" said a senior officer from the traffic department. \"On April 9 last week, we took out the vehicle but the oil tanks started leaking from both the vehicles. The vehicles were sent back to company workshop for repair. Yesterday we got them back,\" said the officer.Dhanvijay was not happy with the private company's service. \"If such a reputed company's product and service with the police department is so pathetic then what common man can expect from them,\" said the CP.Joint CP Sanjay Saxena is also contemplating registering an offence against the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669578", "title": "City police chief seeks to maintain encroachment-free footpaths", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing encroachment drive by Nagpur Municipal Corporation and city police could mean a cleaner footpath, easier traffic flow and lesser accidents. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay is preparing an elaborate plan to ensure that the encroachers are kept at bay even after the drive is over.The traffic wing of city police is ready with a parking plan along footpaths and a drive to encourage pedestrians to follow rules. More than 83 pedestrians have lost their life so far this year in road accidents. \"We will now put up cautionary boards approved by NMC to ensure that pedestrians either walk on footpaths or stick to the right,\" said Dhanvijay. He added that footpaths would also have precautionary boards warning people of wrong parking.Dhanvijay said that he has urged NMC to repair the footpaths and repeat such surprise drives. \"We are keen to keep the carriage ways free for vehicular movements and stick to regulations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672402", "title": "Man beaten to death", "text": "VARANASI: Villagers lynched a man, who allegedly tried to loot a jeweller, in Hamidpur village under Ahiraula police station in Azamgarh district on Saturday.According to reports, a group of four persons tried to loot a jeweller at Shahpur market on Friday night. But when the jeweller raised alarm local natives caught one of them identified as Devanand while three others managed to flee from the scene. The police took him under custody. On Saturday morning, the villagers found another person hiding in a cane field. The villagers beat him to death.Woman dies mysteriously: Priti Gupta, a 32-year-old woman, died under mysterious circumstances at her residence in Kabirnagar Colony under Bhelupur police station on Saturday.According to reports, Priti was married to Vishal of Kabirnagar several years back. On Saturday morning her body was found hanging from the ceiling of her room. On receiving information of incident her brother reached there. On seeing the condition of body he alleged that Priti was murdered for dowry. Police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673499", "title": "Railways earnings increases by 10%", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The total approximate earnings of Railways on originating basis during 2011-12 was Rs 104278.79 crore compared to Rs 94670.76 crore during fiscal 2010-11, registering an increase of 10.15%.The total goods earnings went up from Rs 62940.81 crore during 2010-11 to Rs 69675.97 crore during 2011-12, registering an increase of 10.7%.The total passenger revenue earnings during 2011-12 was Rs 28645.52 crore compared to Rs 26006.77 crore during 2010-11, registering an increase of 10.15%.The revenue earnings from other coaching amounted to Rs 2825.16 crore during 2011-12 compared to Rs 2522.81 crore during 2010-11, registering an increase of 11.98%.The total approximate number of passengers booked during financial year 2011-12 was 8306.16 million compared to 7888.91 million during the same period last year, showing an increase of 5.29%. In the suburban and non-suburban sectors, the number of passengers booked during financial year 2011-12 was 4383.17 million and 3922.99 million compared to 4228.53 million and 3660.38 million during the same period last year, showing an increase of 3.66% and 7.17%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669117", "title": "Shop while you wait for Metro", "text": "BANGALORE: If you've been waiting for the MG Road boulevard to come back with a two-tier walkway as well as mini-museum, amphitheatre and kid's play area, then imagine what it would be like to shop for handicrafts and sip Hatti coffee inside a dummy Metro coach!The BMRC is half way through with its rural centre project under Swami Vivekananda (SV) station on Old Madras Road. It plans to have a hatti coffee house near the station.The Metro corporation has managed to utilize land under the tracks. While on MG Road, they are re-constructing the boulevard as an urban space with entertainment and utility corners, the space under the tracks of SV station is being utilized to build a rural centre.Called Bengaluru Santhe, it will come under the tracks on a stretch of more than 800m after the Binnamangala traffic signal. The design consultants are Gramavidya; the centre is being built by Rajiv Gandhi Rural Housing Corporation Limited ( RGRHCL) and Nirmithi Kendra Bangalore Rural.The rural centre will have 86 units, which are stone-carved huts, round or rectangular in shape. The rectangular ones will be given to North Karnataka stalls and the round huts for South Karnataka. These huts will be used for storing handicrafts at night, and outside, there will be a 'juglee' (frontyard), where artisans can sell their products.A BMRC official told TOI: \"These huts and spaces will be rented out to artistes and craftsmen for some time, and then another batch will be given a chance. This will help showcasing all types of handicrafts. If the concept becomes a hit, then we can invite other state rural craftsmen to showcase their handicrafts in the rural centre.\"To begin with, you can shop for Mysore silk sarees, sandalwood-carved home decors, furniture, Channapatna toys, Molkalmuru silks, rosewood-carved antiques, metal castings from Mangalore and Karkala. There will be 'katte' seats where people can sit and relax. The dummy coach, which was kept at Anil Kumble Circle, has been shifted to SV station now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668991", "title": "Discourses at Sai Baba\u2019s Whitefield ashram", "text": "BANGALORE: The Sathya Sai University is holding a 5-day residential summer course on Indian culture and spirituality for 1,000 youths from across Karnataka at its Whitefield campus from Monday. The course will have a host of eminent speakers including Krishna Mikkilineni, senior vice-president, Honeywell; K Jayaraj, additional chief secretary, Karnataka government and Gururaj Karajagi, educationist.The workshop in Bangalore is being held after a few years. The evening discourses and cultural programmes are open to all at Sai Ramesh Hall, Whitefield ashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12674980", "title": "College rock band Electica strikes up a hit tune", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite a rigourous study schedule to follow, students of School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) took time off to pursue their passion. After successfully launching two songs last year, students of the School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) with band name 'Electica' have come up with another song 'Alvida' devoted to the outgoing students of the first batch. The song will be released on April 16. The video of the song will be release on April 29.The song is the outcome of efforts of 15 artistes, including four from the SPA, Bhopal. They played a key role in technical aspect of song recording.Students said devoting time to song recording was one of the best things to have happened in life. \"Music is my passion. I have been learning Carnatic music since my childhood,\" lead singer of the song, Anusha Matam, said. She wishes to work on more songs in future.The song has been prepared by the national integrated music society of School of Planning and Architecture, Bhopal.Song producer of the song, Abhinav Agrawal said his team members meet every weekend to work on the song. \"My team members have passion for music. Even if we have to go to Delhi for recording and other related issues, it means nothing to us,\" said Abhinav, the sound designer.About Electica, Abhinav said it is an open musical band launched in 2011. \"In just one year, the band has professionally recorded two self-composed tracks-Udaan and Sonneya-which were released in May and October last year,\" Abhinav said.On being asked about the open band concept, he said, \"It means anybody interested in working together can join us. There is no fixed and limited number of members.\"Interestingly, the Electica makes song to devote to the students' community. \"Udaan was composed for the students preparing for competitive exams. The song was designed in 6 beats and contains a blend of sitar and guitar. Second song 'Sonneya' was devoted to students, who are in love,\" Abhinav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673139", "title": "Pooja Kanwal is back", "text": "Everyone has been waiting with baited breath to know what is going to happen with Mohan and Mrs. Vyas in Sudhir Sharma's Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuchh Kahaa on Colors. The show is posed at such a juncture where it's difficult to ascertain what Mohan feels for Mrs. Vyas and vice versa.But when love strikes, ex love also strikes back to bring in an element of mystification. Enter, Rashmi, Mohan's ex-girlfriend played by TV actor Pooja Kanwal. Rashmi is a hoity-toity, US return, ambitious girl who broke Mohan's heart to go fulfill her dreams and goals. Rashmi's entry brings out a whole lot of interesting complication and golmaal. Rashmi misunderstands Megha to be Mohan's wife which results in Megha having no choice but to play along. This leads to the two playing parents to the kids in a pretend mis-match which will have all hearts sighing!But what role will Rashmi play? Will she come between Megha and Mohan? Will Megha agree to this farce and how will it all work out? Pooja Kanwal says, \"I am delighted to be a part of Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuchh Kahaa. I can clearly visualize the character of Rashmi as I can identify with the westernized and ambitious character. What excites me more about this role is that I play the role of Mohan's ex-girlfriend, Rashmi, who will be instrumental in taking the story forward and bringing about a drastic change. Some hearts will be brought close and some pulled further apart. This is completely different from the roles that I have played before, and I really hope that the audiences will appreciate my character .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12674265", "title": "Overwhelmed by the National Award: Kishore", "text": "The boy comes across as unassuming, yet confident as he begins to talk about his award-winning experience.In the city to inaugurate Star Night, an event organized by the John De Britto Dance Academy, Kishore admits to feeling overwhelmed by winning the National Award for his role as the sweet-tempered Anbarasu in the 2009 film 'Pasanga'.\"Winning the National Award in my first film was a really memorable experience for me, and has given me the confidence to take acting more seriously in future,\" he says. He also says that the support of his parents was the key to him getting into acting, with little formal background.\"I had only acted in my school annual day prior to my role in Pasanga, and my parents were extremely supportive, which made me go ahead and play the role with confidence,\" he stresses.The child artist, who plans to pursue his under-graduation in Visual Communication from Loyola College, is now looking forward to his next project, Kamban Kazhagam.\"I will be seen next in Kamban Kazhagam, after which I will take a break to focus on my studies,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12670633", "title": "Visitors throng Maya park, celebrate Ambedkar Jayanti", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of BSP supporters and followers of BR Ambedkar visited the multi-crore Dalit memorial on the occasion on Ambedkar Jayanti. While these supporters were permitted by security guards to enter the park and garland Ambedkar's statue, Noida Authority claimed that no \"official permission for entry was granted to visitors\". Six months after it was inaugurated by BSP supremo Mayawati , the park has still not been opened for public.Acting CEO of Noida Authority, Anil Raj Kumar, had cautioned the district magistrate and the senior superintendent of police, Gautambudh Nagar, on Friday, to expect a \"huge crowd of Ambedkar's followers at the park on Saturday\" and asked them to make \"suitable security arrangements.\" \"I had written a cautionary letter to the administration to make suitable policing arrangements to avoid any untoward situation. No official permission was granted to visitors to enter the park,\" Anil Rajkumar said.Though all construction work at the park has been completed and finishing touches have been added, the park will remain closed for the public till authorities get instructions from the state government, said Noida Authority officials.This is the second instance of visitors making their way into the Rs 685 crore Dalit Prerna Sthal. On March 15 this year, nearly 200 BSP workers had come to Noida to garland the statue of Dalit leader Kanshi Ram at the sthal as a mark of respect on his birth anniversary. When they were denied entry by the authorities on the grounds that the park was yet to open for public, many of them had tried to force their way into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "12668293", "title": "Teenager loses hand in giant wheel mishap", "text": "DOMBIVLI: In a freak accident on Friday night, a 19-year-old boy lost his left hand after it got stuck in a giant wheel in Dombivli.According to the police, the incident occurred when the victim Manoj Patil's friend, Vicky Bhoir (19) removed his safety belt and was about to plunge to his death from the giant wheel. Bhoir held on to Manoj's hand for dear life. While Bhoir managed to save himself and was unhurt, Manoj fell down and his hand was severed from the shoulder after it got stuck in the wheel.The giant wheel operator fled from the spot after the accident. The police have registered a case of negligence and have launched a hunt to apprehend him.Manoj and Bhoir were visiting a local fair in the Devichapada area of Dombivli (E). \"While enjoying the giant wheel ride, Bhoir suddenly stood up and removed the safety belt when the seats reached their maximum height,'' said Arun Sonawane, senior police inspector. \"Bhoir attempted a stunt and was about to fall off when he caught hold of Manoj's right hand. Bhoir managed to save himself but Manoj fell down and his left hand got stuck in the wheel's spokes.\"The operator immediately shut down the machine and locals rushed Patil to a hospital in Dombivli. Dr Nilesh Shirodkar from AIMS hospital said, \"The victim's entire left hand was severed from the shoulder. He also has face and head injuries and is in a critical condition\". Bhoir was admitted to a local hospital and discharged later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670209", "title": "Congress should be thrown out of Rajasthan: Madani", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajya Sabha MP and general secretary of Jamait Ulema-e-Hind Maulana Mahmood Madani accused the Gehlot government of acting on the lines of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .\"Gehlot like Modi is doing nothing for the development of Muslims. Both have miserably failed to utilize the Centre's policies for minorities relating to education, health and employment,\" Madani said addressing a press conference at the Press Club here on Saturday.\"Muslim voters have showed the exit door to all those parties who have ignored our development in the recently concluded UP elections. This can be replicated here if they (state government) didn't take any corrective measures for the minorities,\" said Madani, a religious-cum-political leader.He also raised doubt that government is serious enough to deliver justice to the victims of the Gopalgarh firing. \"No minister has accepted the responsibility of the riots which claimed lives of 10 Meo Muslims,\" said Madani, adding that then home minister Shanti Dhariwal's removal proved his failure to prevent the Gopalgarh police firing.He pointed out that former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi had initiated a resolution and later passed by the Congress working committee to axe any chief minister of a state whose state had seen communal riots. \"It is the prime duty of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and the Congress party to honour the decision,\" Madani said.UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress party of a resolution passed by congress working committee by Rajiv Gandhi to axed chief minister of state which had communal riot. \"It is the prime duty of the Sonia and Rahul Gandhi to honour his decisions,\" Madni said.\"Ideally, Congress should have been thrown out,\" said Madani, who critised state government for not awarding compensation to 11 Muslim youths from Kota who after spending 3.5 years in jail were acquitted by a lower court in connection with Jaipur blast in December 2011.On Khalil Chisty, a Pakistani virologist who was granted bail by the Supreme Court recently, he said, \"Considering his age and illness, he should be released on humanitarian grounds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668675", "title": "Woman accuses ACP of sexual harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant commissioner of police from the Vinoba Bhave Nagar police station has been accused by a woman of sexually harassing her. This is the third time in a year that such charges have been levelled against personnel posted at the police station in Kurla.According to the woman's complaint, an assistant commissioner of police offered her sweets, eating which she fell unconscious; the officer then shot a video of her in a compromising state and started blackmailing her. The victim complained that the ACP, who has now been posted in a comparatively less important branch, has been blackmailing her with the video, asking her for sexual favours.Some senior police officials remained tight-lipped about the increasing crime against women by the men in khaki. \"An inquiry and verification is going on and until we receive a report, I cannot comment,\" said Rajnish Seth, joint commissioner of police (law and order). Other officers, however, said they were taking efforts to curb such crimes. \"When somebody commits a crime, we take action, irrespective of his post or department. We go by the law and will not tolerate misbehaviour with women,\" said a senior officer.Earlier, a female officer, who is on probation, had alleged that a senior officer had molested her. On Thursday, Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik suspended inspector Dilip Mangaonkar and his orderly, Ashok Bhalekar, for misbehaving with their colleague and passing lewd remarks at her. Last year, a sub-inspector from the same police station, Manoj Londe, was arrested on charges of rape after he had physical relations with an airline employee after promising to marry her.Policemen being involved in crime is not a new thing. Assistant inspector Umesh Patil, attached to the Nagpada police station, was suspended on Friday for allegedly using a stolen bike with a fake registration number to patrol the area. Sources said Patil had been using the stolen bike for the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668380", "title": "Hazare warns of stir on Lokayukta", "text": "MUMBAI: Social crusader Anna Hazare has written a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, urging him to initiate steps to table a strong Lokayukta bill in the legislature. He is planning a statewide tour soon to educate the common people about the Lokayukta law and to urge them to be ready for an agitation if the government failed to bring a strong Lokayukta, the letter says.The draft of the Lokayukta bill should not be prepared by the government only. There should be participation of civil society also, Hazare says in the letter dated April 12.Hazare also re-sent the draft of the Lokayukta bill which was prepared by civil society members and sent to the government about a year ago. \"The government held a discussion with me and activist Medha Patkar in Nagpur. It had promised to act on various issues relating to corruption. A year has passed but the government has failed to keep the promises that were given during a meeting which was chaired by the CM.Government officials and ministers were also present in the meeting,\" Hazare says in the letter, a copy of which was released to the press.\"Now, people's agitation is the only way ahead for us. If the government initiates steps, there won't be a need for an agitation,\" the letter adds.Hazare adds, \"The Union government has clarified its stand on the Lokayukta Act saying that it is the responsibility of the respective states to pass the bill. We have sent a civil society draft of the bill to the government. We feel that enactment of the Lokayukta Act would curb about 60 to 65% corruption in the state. There is a need for a strong Lokayukta and the government should initiate steps to constitute it.\" As many as seven laws have been enacted in the state through participation of civil society, the letter says. \"We feel that the draft of the Lokayukta bills hould be finalized through joint efforts by civil society and the government,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668698", "title": "Vehicle knocks youth down", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old private bank employee succumbed to injuries after a speeding multi-utility vehicle (MUV) rammed into his motor bike opposite to Raj Bhavan on Saturday morning. The deceased, identified as Vinod Kumar, is a resident of R T Nagar and was working for a reputed private bank in Koramangala.According to police the incident took place around 6am when Vinod was on his way home from office. MUV driver, V Vellavan, driving on the wrong-side of a one-way road, rammed into Vinod's bike from the rear, traffic police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669795", "title": "UP might miss apex court deadline on number plates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh might miss April 30 deadline fixed by the Supreme Court for fitment of High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) in motor vehicles. The state, in fact, may not be able to implement it before June.On April 3, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court had taken adverse view of the entire process in which the contract was awarded. Scrapping the contract, the high court had directed UP government to re-start the tendering process and complete it as per the SC deadline. However, sources in the transport department say since the operation of the HC order has been stayed, the HSRP process may get delayed.The transport department, after several rounds of meeting, has readied a proposal and sent it to the government for approval. But, considering the fact that it's mid-April and the final proposal is yet to be approved, it seems unlikely that the state can meet April 30 deadline.The SC has directed the state to continue with the tendering process but not award contract without its permission. After being pulled up by the court for anomalies in the process, the transport department is now extra cautious.Now, there will be an open tender which will be uploaded on the department's website. To make the process competitive and fair and to allow more bidders to participate, transport department has scrapped the controversial clause which was introduced mid-way in the last tendering process.The department had mandated a one-year experience clause for the bidders in the last contract, allegedly to favour the firm which was given the contract. Now that the clause has been removed, more bidders are expected to enter the process. Though it's difficult to estimate the price of the plates at present, the competition among bidders may keep it less. \"More bidders would mean lesser price,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12670169", "title": "'Corrupt' Apna Ghar caretakers may be booked soon", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has given the green signal to the women and child department to register a case against three caretakers of Apna Ghar allegedly involved in helping juvenile children escape and commit thefts. Porvorim police have already arrested one caretaker, Videsh Mandrekar, and have booked him for criminal conspiracy.\"The file was cleared by Parrikar on April 6. Till date, no complaint has been given by the women and child department to the police,\" said an official.Women and child department director Sanjiv Gadkar said, \"I am not aware of this. I was out of station and will go to the office on Monday. Only after I see the files, can I comment\".Police sources said that the complaint by the department is essential to catch the other culprits who have a nexus with notorious gangsters from St Cruz and Merces and allow the boys to escape from the home and use the minors to steal. \"Once they lodge a complaint, we will be able to register a case against the caretakers under the Goa Children's Act and the punishment under the act is more stringent. At present, only one caretaker who was involved in theft in Porvorim has been booked,\" said sources. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668682", "title": "State Wakf Board to slap legal notices on land encroachers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Wakf Board is all set to issue legal notices to about 500 persons who have allegedly encroached upon its properties in Nalgonda district.\"The notices will be dispatched in a day or two. We have identified the properties that are in illegal possession of a number of persons. This is the second bunch of notices the board is releasing in the last two months to recover properties in Nalgonda district,\" Wakf Board chairman Syed Shah Ghulam Afzal said.Nalgonda district has 2,215 wakf institutions __ mosques, graveyards, dargahs and Ashoor Khanas. These institutions together own 5,330 acres and 31 guntas of land. Of this 1,959 acres and 27 guntas are said to be encroached.Sources said the board had issued 1,040 legal notices about two months ago under Section 54/1 of the Central Wakf Act 1995. Following this, 540 eviction orders were issued through the revenue divisional officer under Section 54/3 of the Act. \"The new batch of notices which are being readied will be sent under Section 54/1. Under this section the claimants of lands would have an opportunity to respond to the board and clarify their status with regard to the wakf property. The board is willing to reach an understanding wherever possible. But if they do not respond within the stipulated time-frame, they will be served notices under Section 54/3 which would ensure their eviction,\" the sources explained.The board chairman said the preliminary report of investigation into wakf properties a year ago pointed to large-scale illegal occupation. Based on this report, the board had issued over 2,000 notices in October last. Of these 1,500 properties were located in Hyderabad alone.\"Many of those who received the notices have approached the board and expressed their wish to become tenants. There are also those who have preferred to go to the high court seeking injunction. The high court had asked these persons to deposit Rs 10 lakh each before proceeding further. This had deterred many encroachers. It is a long and tedious battle but we are determined to recover wakf properties,' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670425", "title": "MCD polls: Small players have a big chance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Will independent candidates remain mere fringe players or will they be the key players in the formation of three new municipal corporations? What role will the smaller parties like Samajwadi Party, Janata Dal(U), Bahujan Samaj Party , Rashtriya Lok Dal and Indian National Lok Dal play?Their past record doesn't inspire much hope but under current circumstances, when people's frustration with major political parties is at its pinnacle, political analysts say, the fringe players might well play a decisive role. While East Corporation has 64 wards, South and North corporations have 104 wards each.In the MCD elections 2007, only 15 out of 1,216 independent candidates won. Among smaller political parties, BSP won 17 seats, and Nationalist Congress Party and INLD two each while three seats went to Lok Janshakti Party.This time, 1,176 independents are in the fray. More than 15 political parties other than Congress and BJP have also put up candidates.\"People's frustration with major political parties and the dissidence within Congress and BJP may help independents win more seats this time. Regional parties like Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, Janata Dal(U) and INLD are banking on the aspirations of their target voters, mostly migrants who are in majority in select wards,\" said a senior functionary of a major political party on the condition of anonymity. He said an internal survey conducted by the party had shown that independents might win as many as 70 seats.\"In our ward, the panchayat is supporting an independent candidate because they are not happy with the work done by the BJP councilor,\" said Surinder Tokas, a resident of Munirka.The Federation of East Delhi RWA and those in the south have already said the candidate's profile and conduct will be the deciding factor rather than the political affiliation. The decision may be augur well for independents and those standing in the polls after being denied tickets by BJP and Congress.\"In MCD elections, the role of the party is minimal. Councillors have to get funds for themselves. If an independent candidate is more trustworthy and promising, we are certainly going to vote for him,\" said Rajiv Kakria, member, Greater Kailash RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670548", "title": "15-car rakes: Central Railway invites bids for platform extension", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has accelerated the process of introducing 15-car services on its CST-Kalyan line by inviting tenders to extend the length of platforms to facilitate such trains to stop there.CR plans to introduce 10 15-car services between CST and Kalyan by October 2012. A senior CR official said, \"Interested parties can submit their bids by May 16. The total cost of the work is estimated at Rs 3.75 crore.\"Railway officials expect to finish the scrutiny and allotment work by June-end. \"We will have four months to complete extending the platforms. This time-frame is enough to put the infrastructure in place before the deadline.\"All 785 Main line suburban services have been running on 12-car rakes since November 2011. Fifteen-car trains will increase the carrying capacity of trains-33 % more commuters as compared to the capacity of 12-car services and 66% more in comparison to nine-car services.The 15-car services may originate from and terminate at CST, Kurla, Dadar, Thane and Kalyan. From CST, they are likely to be operated from platform number 7, which is long enough to accommodate 15-car rakes.The official said: \"The time-table for these services will be planned in such a manner that it will provide maximum runs during the evening and morning peak hours.\"Apart from extending the platforms, CR will also have to undertake works such as extending roofs above the extended platforms, OHE-related jobs and shifting signals. CR is in the process of sending a communication to Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation to fund the project.Platforms at Byculla, Kurla, Ghatkopar, Bhandup, Mulund and Dombivli stations will have to extended, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670614", "title": "\u2018Leaked CAG report varies from one submitted\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fresh twist to the controversy, senior state functionaries said the leaked report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on allotment of government (revenue) land and the one submitted to the government did not match entirely.While the audit paragraphs were similar, names of some ministers and bureaucrats, which featured in the leaked extracts, were not a part of the official report submitted to the government, a source said. The disparity in the two versions was a point of discussion at a meeting of senior ministers at chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's residence on Friday evening, a senior cabinet minister said.Another state functionary, who attended the meeting, said this indicated that the leaked extract was a draft report. It suggested that the draft report was either stolen or leaked from the CAG office. Since it was now clear that the leaked extract was not the final version, officials said a possibility of a leak from Mantralaya or the printing press could almost be ruled out.The state has announced a probe on the source of the leak. The ruling alliance plans to use the new \"twist\" as a ploy to corner the opposition. Ministers and legislators, whose names were dragged in disputes over audit notes referred to in the leaked extract, could also demand an explanation, a source said.A senior state minister said the CAG report could be placed before the state legislature on April 17. While the government had earlier committed to place it on April 16, it is expected to seek a day's extension as Chavan will attend a conference of CMs on internal security on Monday.The Congress high command took stock of the political implications of the CAG and the Adarsh interim reports on Saturday. AICC secretary Mohan Prakash met Chavan and the MPCC chief to discuss the political implications. The party leadership does not want to be seen protecting its ministers whose names have cropped up in the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12669938", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation initiates action against water wastage", "text": "PUNE: Waking up to the severity of water crisis in the city, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has started a drive to check waste of potable water. It has slapped fines on individuals and business establishments across the city for using water carelessly.\"The PMC has asked citizens and business establishments to use borewells or other non potable sources of water for washing in garages, industrial usage and other domestic purpose like watering gardens and cleaning premises. However, citizens are not responding to our appeal,\" states a press statement issued by the PMC on Friday.\"The civic body has taken action in 44 cases and collected a fine of Rs 16,600. The civic ward offices will continue the drive to check waste of potable water and slap fines on the offenders,\" the PMC warned.Action has been taken in areas of Ghole Road, Warje, Karve Road, Tilak Road and Bibvewadi ward offices.Ward offices have been told to remain vigilant. \"The department has asked for immediate repairs of water leakages. Any complain from citizens should be addressed on priority,\" states the press release.Meanwhile, guardian minister and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has convened a meeting of NCP leaders from Pune on Monday to discuss water crisis and the metro project. Pawar is likely to ask his leaders in the PMC to table the water meter proposal before the general body and get it approved immediately.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has already made an appeal to political parties to support the administration in installing water meters. In the recent general body meet, Pathak said that installing water meters is the only solution available to curb water waste.The civic administration says the city is faced with the problem of unequal distribution of water. Core areas receive more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have stressed the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, they say, will help ensure that people pay for the amount of water they use.The Union government is pressing for metered water supply in all cities that receive funds under the JNNURM to ensure recovery of the cost of water supplied. Also, water meters ensure equitable supply. A few years back, the civic administration had tried to introduce meters, but the general body scrapped the system for domestic users. Till date, water is charged on the basis of the annual ratable value of properties.The city is faced with 10% water cuts since March 1. As a result, the city's normal water quota of 1,250 MLD has been reduced to 1,150 MLD.The official annual quota of water fixed for the PMC is 11.5 TMC. However, the civic body requires 1.25 TMC water per month, which means 14.75 TMC water is being lifted on a yearly basis. From July 1, 2011 to March 2012, the PMC has used more than 11 TMC water. The city on an average uses 1.25 TMC water per month, but now the monthly usage has been reduced to 1 TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669302", "title": "Police yet to zero in on Delhi link", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Chandigarh police had been quick to disclose the Delhi link in the forged degree racket, and had claimed of having his phone number, address and e-mail address at a press conference last month but even after passage of over 25 days, police have nothing much to say about it.At a press conference, the police had claimed that it was the Delhi link, and his gang members who were altering the university records to 'authenticate' fake degrees and certificates.At that time, police had claimed that they would arrest the Delhi man, who was pocketing 60 to 70% of the fees charged from the clients, in just two-three days.However, when asked about any development in zeroing in on the Delhi link, Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID), who is heading the SIT looking into the fake degrees racket, told TOI, \"Right now I cannot reveal anything about it. We are still scrutinizing his call details and e-mails. We would talk about this on Monday.\"He added, \"We are probing the matter and we have made some more seizures on the basis of the interrogation of the already arrested accused. We are checking the details of the beneficiaries and trying to find out that to what use had they put the fake documents to. We suspect that some had also used these to procure various government and private jobs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12679956", "title": "Curfew to be lifted for a day in old Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The curfew, which had been imposed in the communally-sensitive areas of Madannapet and Saidabad in the Old City following incidents of communal violence, will be lifted for 24 hours from 6am on Monday, police said.The curfew would be lifted for 24 hours from 6am Monday to 6am Tuesday, police said, adding that the situation is completely peaceful.Indefinite curfew was imposed in two police station limits on April 8 after alleged desecration of a religious place which led to communal disturbances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "12669624", "title": "Shripad's son to contest panchayat poll", "text": "OLD GOA: Siddhesh Naik, son of North Goa MP Shripad Naik, is set to walk in his father's footsteps and begin his political career by contesting the forthcoming panchayat elections from the Old Goa panchayat.Being a grassroot worker of the BJP, Siddhesh, the elder son of Shripad Naik, and also the general secretary of BJP state yuva morcha has been seen as a youth leader during the recently concluded assembly elections.\"It is the people's demand to see me contesting the forthcoming panchayat elections from my Old Goa village panchayat and as I am a grassroot worker of the BJP, I have never used my father's position to gain political mileage. I will decide in the next few days from which ward I should contest from, as there is still time for the notification for panchayat elections,\" he said. Asked what was required for the village of Old Goa, he replied, \"There has been no development of Old Goa village even though we had a Congress MLA here. Old Goa, being a historic village, requires restoration of heritage sites, cleanliness. Even though a lot of tourists have been visiting Old Goa, till date, nothing has been done to give a facelift to the village,\" he said.Commenting on his son's decision to enter panchayat politics, North Goa MP Shripad Naik said, \"Finally one has to be connected somehow or the other with politics and my son Siddesh is already a general secretary of the BJP state yuva morcha. If he wishes to fight the panchayat elections, there is no problem and I will definitely support him in whatever way I can do for him so that he can come up in his political career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672863", "title": "A sequel of Mohalla Assi?", "text": "After Mohalla Assi, director Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi has plans to work on the other stories of Kashinath Singh's book Kashi Ka Assi on which Mohalla Assi is based, in his next film also.\"The book has different stories and I wish to start off from where Mohalla Assi concluded.It will not be a sequel in the true sense of the word but the film will have its roots in Mohalla Assi.Sunny Deol could be part of this next project if the character in the film suits him. We are still working on the project and things would be more concrete after the release of Mohalla Assi which would be in few months time since I wish to see the reaction of audience,\"\" says the director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12669710", "title": "Farmers want computer facility at talathi offices", "text": "WARDHA: Farmers from the district, under the aegis of Kisan Adhikar Abhiyan, met the district collector and handed him a memorandum regarding the problems they encounter after the state government made it mandatory to produce only computerized farm documents.The agitating farmers pointed out that with no computer facility available at the talathi offices, they had to travel all the way to tehsil place to get the documents computerized. This was time consuming as well as heavy on pockets.The state government in a GR dated Septebmer 13, 2011, has made it mandatory for farmers to produce computerized land documents. The rule came into effect from January 1, 2012. Earlier, the farmers used to get the hand written documents from talathi offices.Varlu Milmile, a farmer, said, \"The farmers are already a harried lot. Development is always welcome but government policies without proper mechanism for effective implementation are a big headache.\"The district collector promised the agitating farmers to install computers across all talathi offices in the district within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661046", "title": "Greying Ranbir spills barfi!\u2019s biggest secret", "text": "Director Anurag Basu upset with a new TV advertisement which has reportedly copied Kapoor's well-guarded look from the unreleased filmThe creators of Ranbir Kapoor's new TVC for a mobile company may have a winner on their hands. But the director of the actor's next, Anurag Basu is mourning the loss of his film's big surprise element.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Ranbir's vintage look, with the wispy white hair, moustache, large spectacles, baggy trousers, stiff body language, is precariously close to one of his fiercely-guarded looks in Barfi! And Basu is not amused.When contacted, Basu confirmed the news, and added, \"I was at the airport when I first caught a glimpse of Ranbir and that too on mute. I was shocked. I thought someone had put Barfi!'s first look out there without my knowledge!\"Basu says he made some frantic calls, and was told that it was an ad. \"I caught the complete ad later and was taken aback with what I saw. Ranbir's getup in the TV ad is almost identical to that of his old-age look in Barfi!. I was disappointed.\"A source close to the film added, \"Anurag was very angry. He and his producer UTV had taken great pains to keep the look under wraps. But with the ad, the look is out and so is the big surprise.\"According to those in the know, the ad makers may have picked up the concept from Ranbir's Blackberry , as he has his Barfi! look as his display picture for a while.When asked if he has had a word with Ranbir about the issue, Anurag said, \"Yes I have. But I have also shot several TV commercials with Ranbir in the past and I know that he sticks to the brief that he is given, without asking any questions. I spoke to him a couple of days back and he simply smiled. When Ranbir smiles usko sab maf hai.\"Basu does not deny being disappointed. But he is in an exceptionally forgiving mood. \"What can I say and what can I do? We had really taken a lot of pain to guard his look and keep it under wraps. But I guess it had to happen this way. So it's fine now.\"Ranbir Kapoor was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670467", "title": "MCD polls: 1.15cr voters decide fate of 2,423 candidates,", "text": "NEW DELHI: Starting 8am on Sunday, the city's 1.15 crore voters will make history by electing councillors to the three new municipal corporations that will replace the 54-year-old Municipal Corporation of Delhi.Despite the trifurcation of the civic body, the number of candidates has come down from 2,575 in 2007 to 2,423 this time. Poll officials, though, are keeping their fingers crossed for a high voter turnout.\"Delhi has to aspire for a first division this time. So far the city has got a poor third division when it comes to voting in the MCD polls. In the 2007 MCD elections Delhi registered a low voter turnout of 42.78%,\" said Delhi Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta.The Delhi Election Commission has used every possible media and even issued invitations to voters to come out and vote. The middle and upper middle classes generally stay away from polling but RWAs and civil society networks are hopeful that their awareness campaigns in upscale colonies will yield results.With 1,176 independent candidates and 17 parties in the fray , RWAs are likely to strongly influence the results by countering the vote banks of political parties. Also, the 50% reservation of seats for women in the three new corporations will give women an effective role in civic affairs.The presence of many smaller parties in the contest was expected to queer the pitch for main rivals BJP and Congress, but after losing UP, the Bahujan Samaj Party is unlikely to have much impact. Samajwadi Party , however, might sway migrants from UP and OBC voters in some pockets.For the ruling BJP, the polls are a battle for survival in Delhi as its base has been shrinking here. It had a majority in the outgoing MCD house with 172 seats, but %dissidence and the anti-incumbency factor have got it worried.If the Congress wins, the result will be seen as a reflection on the performance of its government, which has been hounded by allegations of corruption since the Commonwealth Games in 2010. Corruption, in fact, is the central issue of the BJP campaign. Since chief minister Sheila Dikshit is seen as the chief architect of MCD's trifurcation, Congress's loss would also push her into the line of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12679902", "title": "3 injured as BMW hits bike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons, including a teenaged girl, were seriously injured today when a speeding BMW hit their motorcycle, police said.The incident took place on Power House road behind Raj ghat area in central Delhi at around 2:30 pm.The victims have been identified as Nasiruddin (51), Rahul Negi (26) and Parul (13).There were three people in the BMW car, including the driver identified as Man Bahadur who was later arrested, police said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12668447", "title": "Many in Kalapatti may turn crorepatis", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Kalapatti are heaving a sigh of relief. A two-decade long struggle to retrieve their property from the state government is finally nearing fruition with the Supreme Court on Friday upholding a Madras high court ruling that directed the Tamil Nadu government and the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) to return the land acquired in the late 1980s.The SC decision would bring nearly 400 acre of vacant land close to Coimbatore airport into the property market and could have a major impact on the city's real estate scenario. With land valued at Rs 7 lakh per cent, some of the property owners, who own anywhere from an acre to five acre, are sitting on land worth crores.This land saga goes to 1987 when TNHB proposed to the state government its wish to acquire 1,973.74 acre of land in Kalapatti, then outside the city limits. The proposal was reworked in 1988 and the government on March 13, '88 cleared the acquisition of 787.38 acre. Land owners in the area were issued a notification conveying the acquisition of land, but more than 90% of the owners refused to move out claiming that the compensation quoted was far too low. A few of them moved the local court. Meanwhile, TNHB placed the compensation, varying from Rs 10,000 to Rs 40,000 per acre, in the court in lieu of the value of the land.However, TNHB did not convey its intent to acquire the land to the electricity board, revenue department and registration department until 2007. This lapse on the part of TNHB allowed a few land owners to sell as well as develop their property. In over 300 acres, houses have come up with the approval of the directorate of town and country planning and the local planning authority. They were given electricity connection as well. Since the registration department was not notified by TNHB, encumbrance certificates were issued when prospective buyers approached the department. But not all owners were lucky.In 2007, TNHB woke up and issued notices to all the departments alerting them that they had acquired the land in 1988 itself. Land owners, old and new, moved the Madras high court against TNHB action for relief. The HC ordered that TNHB return the land to the owners. However, TNHB appealed against the HC order in the apex court only to be told that the land should be returned to its rightful owners.Predictably, many people here are relieved. \"I bought this land at the rate of Rs one lakh for a cent by working double shifts at a foundry. My dream is to build a house here, but TNHB officials are not letting me. The land is with me and encumbrance certificate says so. But they will not let me build the house,\" says N Balakrishnan, land owner. Adds R Sivasamy, protest committee leader of the Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sangam: \"Many marriages of children of people who owned plots in Thirumurugan Nagar Extension (an area in Kalapatti that TNHB has laid claim to) did not happen as they could not sell their property on time.\"At present, the 787.38-acre land is owned by over 1,200 people of which nearly 400 acre is fallow land waiting to be developed. \"Kalapatti is very close to the airport and the Tidel Park and near Peelamedu. Many educational institutions and industrial units are located here. The nearly 400 acre of unused land being returned to their owners will cause a real estate boom here,\" says N Rajagopal, a city-based realtor.K Mani, coordinator of Tamizhaga Vivasayigal Sangam, says that Kalapatti is no a singular case. \"Over 10,000 acre of agricultural land was acquired by TNHB 30 years ago. Only 300 acre has been used by the TNHB. In 2003, GO 254 was passed by the then AIADMK government, which said that unused land could be returned to original land owners. However, successive governments didn't implement the GO. It should be implemented and farmers must get back their land,\" says Mani.Clearly, more battles on land are to be fought in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12670068", "title": "Two held for attempt to abduct in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police on Saturday arrested Taimur Shaikh, 19, a resident of Aquem, Margao, and Maohammad Gawas, 25, a resident of Navelim, Salcette, for attempting to abduct Javed Warikstan, 29, a resident of Merces on Saturday afternoon.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said that Warikstan had taken money from the accused on the pretext of finding them jobs abroad, which he never did. On Saturday, when they found out that Warikstan would be visiting his sister at Naga Masjid-Haveli in Ponda, they abducted him and were bringing him to Margao on a motorcycle.The accused were nabbed when Warikstan managed to reach and hit the brakes of the motorcycle and flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669115", "title": "Soil testing complete", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The soil testing for the metro project is almost complete and the report will be submitted within a month. Consulting Engineer Group, a Jaipur based private firm, has tested 86 soil samples throughout the city while preparing their detailed report for the Metro Project in the city. They have recommended different foundations at different areas as per the nature of the soil at respective zones of the city from where the train will pass. The company has submitted their detailed report to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, which will submit detailed DPR of the entire project in the coming month.Each testing site of the soil was dug up to 30 metres and then level of the each foundation from the surface has been suggested by a group of experts to provide details of strength as per nature of the available soil. Providing details, Raghu Raj Singh, soil testing engineer of the company, said, \"During soil testing we found that foundations should be different as per the nature and capacity of the soil at each testing site. At some places, it was at 15 metres while in others it was 20, 21, 17. We have submitted our report to the DMRC for their consideration and preparation of detailed detail project report.\"When asked, UT joint secretary home Abhishek Dev said, \"All the details gave been sent to the DNRC for the preparation of final detail project report, which will be submitted within a month. Besides, the design and other structural things of the plan, the report will also have the all financial details regarding the project.\"The engineering wing of the both, administration and municipal corporation have also recently provided the details of underground laying of pipelines, wiring etc to the DMRC authorities for the proper knowledge of underground cables and pipelines while preparing of the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12669605", "title": "Chandrapur goes to polls today", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Fate of 458 contestants will be sealed in the electronic voting machines (EVMs) as Chandrapur Municipal Corporation is all set to host its first-ever elections on Sunday. After a two-week long hectic campaigning, candidates were seen silently canvassing on the eve of polling day. Candidates and party leaders moved silently and mobilized the leaders of religious organizations to seek support in the favour.Being the first polls for the corporation, an overwhelming response is expected from the voters. Around 2.37 lakh voters will decide the fate of the candidates. There are around 300 polling booths in the city. Polling will start at 7.30am and continue till 5pm. Polling parties were dispatched to the respective polling booths on Saturday evening.The 66 wards in the town have been arranged to form 33 clusters (prabhag). Voters in every cluster will have to elect two cooperators for themselves. Congress and BJP are only parties that have fielded their candidates in all 66 wards. NCP fielded 61.Major parties like Congress, NCP, BJP and Shiv Sena having failed to enter any pre-poll alliance among them. Each of them has however roped-in support from different sects of Republican parties to tap the Dalit voters. The last term of erstwhile Chandrapur Municipal Council was jointly ruled by BJP and Congress, while only handful of NCP councillors were in opposition. These three parties are expected to be the key players in corporation elections too, but each has a potential problem - that of rebels.City police have made massive security arrangements for the polling. A total of 294 constabulary, 184 home guards, three riot control platoons and two C-60 platoons led by three police inspectors and 17 police sub-inspectors would ensure security in town during the polling day. A deputy SP will supervise the entire security arrangements. Bomb detection and disposal squad and a sniffer dog squad will also be at the disposal of security forces to tackle any emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679953", "title": "Erratic weather fails to deter revellers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite the rain and hailstorm, a large number of people thronged the various Bihu tolis in the city; even the 'bordoichila' could not stop the people from celebrating the much-awaited Rongali Bihu.The weather had been erratic for the last few days with rain and storm taking place every evening or late in the night. But, most bihu committees had taken precautions as the metrological department had predicted thunder squalls and rain during bihu. However, people did not face problems due to the weather as they visited the Bihu tolis in the afternoons and early evenings when there was no rainfall.Purushottam Dutta, a resident of Chandmari, said, \"Rain and thundershower is very common during bihu, but thankfully, it mostly rained late in the night and early in the morning. The evenings were usually dry so, we did not have problems in visiting the Bihu tolis and everyone was carrying an umbrella or coming in their own vehicle.\"Minashree Gohain, another resident said, \"There are some popular Bihu tolis like Latasil, Chandmari and Ulubari, which people visit no matter what, so even if the weather was playing spoilsport, it didn't deter the spirit of the people.\"However, the rainy Bihu was a fun experience for some youngsters as they didn't mind getting drenched in the rain.Kaustav Bora, a student of Gauhati Commerce College said, \"Most of the programmes start late in the evening and if a special guest is invited, the artiste performs around 10.30 pm onwards, so people usually stay till late in the tolis. By the time we get back home, it is around 1 am and since it rained mostly late in the night, I got drenched quite a few times, but I didn't mind it at all.\"However, there were other youngsters who felt that the weather didn't let them enjoy Bihu like they would have wanted to.Shweta Barua, a law student said, \"I don't know about boys, but girls definitely have a problem if it starts to rain as our parents do not let us stay out for long then. What could be worse than not being able to stay till late in the Bihu tolis and enjoying the programmes with friends; bihu comes just once a year after all. So, I hope the weather gods let us enjoy the remaining days of Bihu,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12670210", "title": "Goa Lokayukta bill inches towards President's assent", "text": "PANAJI: Nine years after it was introduced in the state legislative assembly, the Goa Lokayukta bill, albeit in its amended form, looks set to finally reach President Pratibha Patil for her assent.Chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava, who was sent by chief minister Manohar Parrikar to New Delhi to follow up on the bill, told STOI, \"The home ministry, which had raised queries about the bill, has given its nod, and on Monday, law minister Salman Khurshid is expected to give his assent to the bill. Following this, the bill will be sent to the president for her assent.\"The home ministry had earlier questioned how the state bill could be assented to given the pending central Jan Lokpal bill in the Rajya Sabha.Parrikar had replied to Parliament's legislature secretary that the issue of the Jan Lokpal bill and the Goa Lokayukta bill \"are totally separate\". \"We request the central government to give assent to the state Lokayukta bill,\" the letter had stated.Sources told STOI that the clearance was given by the home ministry as it has noted that the central bill will supersede the state bill on any overlapping issues when the bill is passed by the Centre.The state bill had earlier received clearances from the central government departments of personnel and training and of law and judiciary. Together with the home ministry these departments' assents constitute the protocol before a bill reaches the president for assent.Parrikar, in his budget speech, had stated that once the bill received the president's assent, the government would immediately appoint a Lokayukta. He had requested the governor too to \"vigorously follow up\" with the Centre the status of the state bill. \"This is important to keep our promise of setting up the Lokayukta within 100 days,\" Parrikar had said.The current bill is an amended version of the Goa Lokayukta Bill 2003, which was passed by the state assembly in 2005. Following the questions raised by the central departments, an amended version of the bill was adopted by the state assembly in 2011 and was sent for central government assent.Down the years2003: Lokayukta bill introduced in Goa assembly. Referred to select committee2006: Select committee report adopted by state assembly2007: Bill sent for President's assent. As per procedure, it requires assent of 3 ministries before reaching president2008: Union ministries raise queries. State government replies2009: Ministry of law and justice observes that provisions under Clause 19-power to punish for contempt-have to be deleted. Bill is returned to the state2011: Goa assembly passes bill incorporating changes suggested by Union government2012: Bill sent to governor who sends it back stating it should be sent for President's assent. Bill currently awaiting President's assent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670168", "title": "Jaipur among top cities having high awareness among nutrition", "text": "JAIPUR: Kids are a pampered lot in Jaipur. In a countrywide survey of 11 cities, Jaipur ranks at number two among cities having high awareness among mothers about nutritional requirements. The survey, a Cadbury Bournvita Mission Nutrition Initiative, was conducted by IPSOS Research and commissioned by Kraft food (Cadbury Bournvita).In fact, compared to metros, awareness among mothers about different sources of nutrition was slightly higher in mini-metros like Jaipur. While half of mothers in metros were worried about their child's nutritional requirements, in mini-metros two-thirds of the mothers were worried with 41% being extremely concerned. The concern was higher in mini-metros like Lucknow (4.41%), Jaipur (4.40%) and Pune (4.14%).On the other hand, awareness among mothers about the various sources of Vitamin D and its benefits in particular was rather average in mini-metros. Mothers were aware that the sun is the best source for Vitamin D but only 50% of the mothers were aware of the link between calcium absorption and Vitamin D. But two-thirds of the mothers were aware that Vitamin D is responsible for making bones stronger and Jaipur ranked among the higher awareness with 75% in north zone followed by Ahmedabad at 83% in the west zone.In Jaipur, to enhance awareness among mothers about Vitamin D and other nutritional deficiencies of their children, Dr Aditi Govitrikar, actress, doctor and a mother of two said: \"About 156 mothers from Jaipur were interviewed during this research. Almost half of the mothers were concerned about the nutritional requirements of their children. While on an average, kids play outside for around 75 minutes daily. It was observed that kids from Jaipur play for slightly more amount of time, around 90 minutes.\"The survey was undertaken in Mumbai, Delhi-Gurgaon, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata (metros) and mini-metros like Pune, Nagpur, Ahemdabad, Jaipur and Lucknow. The survey was based on a questionnaire with mothers having children in the age group of 2-16 years.Speaking about how fast-paced urban lifestyle and poor dietary intakes are causing health concerns, Govitrikar said, \"With lifestyle change, 81% mothers felt that the current generation children are spending lesser time outdoors, unlike their childhood. On an average, kids play outside for nearly 75 minutes daily, but I was disturbed to note that in Bangalore the time that kids spend outdoors is just 45 minutes.\"\"I am happy to be part of Cadbury Bournvita-Mission Nutrition, which is focused towards bringing awareness among mothers about enhancing the 'power of milk' with Vitamin D. This is essential for laying a strong and healthy foundation to achieve success in life,\" said Aditi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12679983", "title": "A stunt show on two wheels and no engine", "text": "LUDHIANA: A special stunt show was organized in the city in Sarabha Nagar market to promote cycling. This show was in the line of events organized by cycle companies or other organizations to promote cycling, a cause that has been taken up in TOI under its Cycle of Life column.Nine riders from Chandigarh were a part of this BMX stunt show that was organized by the La Sovereign, a city-based cycle manufacturing company. These riders included Darshan Preet Singh, 21, Prateek Kumar, 21, Saket Kumar, 18, Preet Singh, 19, Avinash Kumar 19, Rohit Thakur, 18, Manthan Dhingra, 15, Simar Singh, 19 and Arjun, 18. These stuntmen attracted young and old alike in the Sarabha Nagar that was fully packed for it being a Saturday evening.Rapper Parveen Kumar was the one who involved the viewers with various games and entertained them. \"The stunts were really amazing and we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. I never thought that such deadly stunts could be done on a bicycle, but it was great,\" said Sumit, 18, resident of Model Town.\"I think the stunts were great, but then all these should not be done without practice, but I enjoyed the show,\" said, Taran Preet, a 20-year-old resident of Dugri Phase I. \"Cycling is very good for health and this show was organized to motivate more and more people to take it up. The Cycle of Life column by TOI has also motivated many people to cycle and even our company to carry out such an activity,\" said Nitin Ghai, assistant retail manager, La Sovereign.Many such events like a cycle rally was organized by Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha in Gurdev Nagar on March 14, a cycle rally by Avon cycles on December 4, 2011, a cycle rally was organized by Dr Ashish Ahuja from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital on November 30, 2011 were organized in the city. In addition to this many other small cycling events have been organized in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669697", "title": "New German technology coaches add comfort, space to Rajdhani Express", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Your trip to Delhi by train just got a whole lot better. The Swarn Jayanti Rajdhani Express to Delhi has been facilitated with new coaches which are based on new German technology, the Linke Holfmann Bush (LHB).According to railway officials, the coaches provide more comfort and safety to the passengers. The officials said that recently passengers of Bhubaneswar-New Delhi Rajdhani Express had a miraculous escape owing to the high safety standards of LHB coaches, which got stuck to the ground soon after the derailment. The conventional coaches have a tendency to skid, causing more injuries and damage.The Rajdhani on an average will now be able to accommodate around 120-odd more passengers daily. Senior public relation officer Jitendra Kumar Jayant said that the Rajdhani with the new LHB coaches made its first run from the city on Friday.He said that apart from the routine comfort, these coaches have the capacity to accommodate about 72 passengers in each AC-3 coach as against 64 passengers in other AC-3 coaches. Similarly, the number of berths is more in LHB AC-2, which can accommodate 52 passengers against the usual 46. In AC-1 coaches, there will be space for 24 passengers against the current 18.LHB coaches cannot turn turtle in the event of any derailment or collision. According to officials, the LHB coaches are fitted with microprocessor-controlled high capacity air conditioning system, which gives passengers better comforts during summer and winter seasons.The LHB coaches, manufactured under technology-transfer from Germany, have automatic couplers to join two coaches. Unlike conventional coaches where one needs to go inside the coach and move through the vestibule to uncouple two coaches, these advanced couplers can be uncoupled from the outside.The railway officials said that the coaches are about two meter more in length. The windows of the coaches are big and also have four emergency exits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12663793", "title": "Anubhav Sinha turns producer", "text": "Ace director Anubhav Sinha has turned a producer. Naming his production house after Banaras where his roots are, the director terms it as his most ambitious project.\"From Banaras, I had gone to Aligarh, then to Faridabad from where I headed to Pune, thereafter Delhi and finally I landed in Mumbai. Now I have named my company after the city I belong to so it is a complete circle for me,\" says the director of Shah Rukh Khan starrer Ra.One .Turning producer is also a way of venting creativity according to Anubhav who has teamed up with the ace director Sudhir Mishra for an untitled film. \"The second draft of the script is ready and we would soon be start the casting part of the film. I am sure my hard core commercial cinema and Sudhir's off beat cinema would result in something interesting for the viewer,\" he says.\"The other is franchisee property called Warning, which would be a survivor series of films of people stuck in difficult situation. How some of them survive and some of them fail to make it forms the crux of my story. This crisis could be anywhere under the water or in the jungle. It is about ignoring of a warning which could be anywhere. The film is being directed by a newcomer Gurmeet Singh and the first in the series would be shot in Fiji Islands,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672760", "title": "Palm trees to beautify main roads", "text": "SURAT: Come monsoon, and an array of palm trees will greet citizens on all main roads of the city.The Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has come out with a plan to plant palm family trees on both sides of roads as well as on dividers. Nearly 4,000 - 5, 000 trees will be planted before the beginning of monsoon which would beautify the main roads of the city and providing environment-friendly atmosphere.At present, more than 100 Royal Palm trees have beautified both the sides of Joytindra Dave Garden in Joganinnagar in Adajan. SMC plans to plant 4,000 trees on Surat-Navsari Road, Surat-Kamrej Road, Surat-Bardoli Road, Surat-Olpad Road, Surat-Pal Road and on Surat-Dumas Road.\"We thought of palm trees as they look beautiful and require low maintenance cost,\" Dr S Gautam, garden superintendent of SMC, said.The palm trees will be planted at the distance of 30-40 meters from each other.However, it is also felt that the palm family tree doesn't give shade and is not useful for the birds as it doesn't give exotic colored flowers like some existing trees. As it also has a low ecological value, their plantation must be curtailed to the outer city limits. When it comes to plantation within the city limits, plants like tabebuia which gives rose-colored flowers, cordia tree which bears orange flowers or gulmohar are more preferred.According to SMC, they planted 5 lakh trees in last few years but, according to the tree census conducted by forest department in 2011, there are about 3.5 lakh valued trees of more than 65 different varieties, including peltophorem, gulmohar, tabebuia, Indian coral tree, rain trees, neem, peepal and others.SMC claims that there are about 4 lakh -5 lakh trees in the city area. \"We feel that ideally there should be a tree for every citizen and that would make this city a good place to live,\" an SMC official said.In last two years, Surat has seen a campaign for green and beautiful Surat being carried out by SMC and number of NGOs in which at least 2 lakh saplings were planted in different areas. \"It is very difficult to main a tree in urban surroundings. The survival rates are generally low due to number of reasons,\" Darshan Desai of NGO Prayas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673393", "title": "Apollo Knowledge Institute inaugurated", "text": "VADODARA: Youths from Gujarat can now hone their skills, which will help them improve their chances of employability in the process. Apollo Tyres Limited in a joint initiative with Gujarat government's Centre for Entrepreneurship Development (CED) has set up Gujarat's first Apollo Knowledge Institute.The newly set up institute formed under public-private partnership was inaugurated here on Saturday at Apollo Tyres' Limda plant by CED director Dr Chandan Chaterjee and head of human resources at Apollo Tyres's Limda plant Yash Pawar.The institute will train youths to make them employable, through modular training and skill development programmes in line with the needs of Indian industry.While presently the institute will focus on industrial automation, it will also start imparting training in other skills across industry verticals in auto, retail, hospitality and health among others.\"This is our effort towards enabling youths to become employable. We would not only impart training but will now also be in a position to hire directly from the institute for job placement in our manufacturing facility,\" Pawar said.The training programme on industrial automation, pneumatics and electro pneumatics, hydraulics and electro hydraulics, automation tools, basic skills to operate on the shop floor, manufacturing system excellence, training on alternate energy will be imparted through the institute for which Apollo Tyres has partnered with Automation Industry Association and Q Ultima Consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670178", "title": "Girl raped for months by 'tantrik' on pretext of curing illness", "text": "JAIPUR: A mentally challenged girl was allegedly raped for months by a self-proclaimed tantrik in Amber locality here on the pretext of getting her rid of evil spirits. The parents of the victim have lodged an FIR when they came to know that the girl was pregnant. The accused was arrested by the police on Saturday.The parents had approached the 'tantrik', who was a native of Rainwal village near Khatu Shyam ji, to cure her illness. The 'tantrik', identified as Mahesh Joshi , told them that he would visit their home for the proper medication of the girl, police said.\"In the FIR lodged on Friday night, the parents have alleged that the accused used to ask them to go out of the house for hours in the evening and then used to rape her. Initially they thought that he was doing his job to bring the girl in a better condition but they were stunned when they came to know that girl was pregnant,\" an officer at the Amber police station said.According to the police, the parents became a bit suspicious when they came to know the there was no change in the health condition of the girl. \"They visited a doctor who told them that the girl was pregnant,\" the officer added.Police said that the said tantrik was also not visiting the family for the last couple of weeks.\"The girl would be sent for medical examination and prima facie it appears that the tantrik used to drug the girl first before rape,\" an officer added. Based on the FIR, the police have registered a case under Section 376 of IPC.\"After lodging the FIR, we have arrested Mahesh,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12674420", "title": "Munda plans to revive closed bacon factory", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Saturday inspected a closed bacon factory at Kanke and discussed the modalities for its early revival with senior officials of state animal husbandry department. The state government is planning to revive the factory that was closed in mid-1990s following a multi-crore fodder scam. Two former chief ministers Lalu Prasad and Jaggannath Mishra are the main accused in the case.Talking to the media after his meeting with the department officials, Munda said that the government is ready with a draft proposal and has invited tenders from interested parties for revival of the bacon factory.\"We want the factory to process international standard products. The move will also provide livelihood to around 4,000 animal husbandry farmers,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669653", "title": "Campa eyes state, sets up bottling plant", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"We're all in it together for the taste of it. Campa, the fun drink with the sensational flavour. Try it for the fun of it. Drink it for the taste of it. Have it for the sheer joy of living: like all these wonderful, thirst people. Right now.\" The nostalgic lines of the soft-drink's advertisement, which had once enticed the youngsters, may again come alive.After a hiatus of 19 long years, when it closed its operation in 1993, the indigenous of all the soft drinks Campa-Cola, is making a comeback in the state. And if, everything goes by the plan, Campa would be available to its connoisseurs by August.Founded in 1942, Pure Drinks Group has leased out to franchisee Yash Raj Beverages and Agro Products Pvt Limited in the state, which is coming up with a bottling plant in Banthra's Bhauka village on Harauni Road.Located about 3-km away from the Lucknow-Kanpur Road, the franchisee has 50 districts, where products like Campa-Cola, Campa Orange, Campa Lemon, Campa Sun Dew, Campa Jeera along with Campa Soda and packaged drinking water would be made available. Talking to TOI, Pure Drinks managing director Ajeet Singh confirmed setting up of bottling plant in the state capital and added at least one more plant would be set up in the state, which will mainly cover left-out western UP districts of the state. It was in 1950, that Pure Drinks Group diversified into soft drinks with bottling of Coca-Cola across India from 1950 till 1977. However, after Coca-Cola was asked to leave India due to government policies of ensuring national self-sufficiency, the group started bottling its own brand Campa from 1978.An Indian imitation of Coke, and it was the primary available cola in India before 1991. However, once the global brands entered the marketplace, Campa was in serious trouble.But three years ago, the group re-started the old Indian brand by setting up bottling plant at Hissar in Haryana, which was followed by Raipur in Chhattisgarh.\"The figure is set to reach to 20 franchisees,\" said the managing director. \"We are targeting valued customers looking after less costly products, as compared to that offered by various multi-national companies,\" said Jayant Singh, the son of the group's managing director.In Uttar Pradesh, if everything goes as per plan, people will get to drink Campa anytime between July and August, the franchisee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679981", "title": "Intelligence Bureau additional director dies", "text": "GUWAHATI: Additional director of Intelligence Bureau R N Behura (56) passed away on Sunday at 6 am at the Guwahati Neurological Research Centre (GNRC) Hospital. He was undergoing treatment after he suffered serious injuries in a road accident on April 9 at Sonapur area here.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi and DGP J N Chaudhury paid their homage to the deceased officer at the hospital. Gogoi expressed his condolence saying, \"He was one of the finest officers who served our state and country. It is a huge loss. He possessed a huge knowledge about the northeastern region.\"Behura's car collided with a truck when he was on his way back to Guwahati from Numaligarh in Golaghat district. He was admitted to GNRC in a critical condition with Assam Police additional DGP Pallab Bhattacharya, who recovered later. The duo was returning after inspecting the blaze at the refinery that occurred on April 7, which was claimed to be triggered by Ulfa hardliners.GNRC medical director, J P Sarma said he was suffering from multiple injuries and was critical ever since he was admitted. \"We put him on ventilation after his health deteriorated on April 12. He died of cardiac arrest due to septic shock on Sunday morning,\" said Sarma.Behura was a 1979 batch IPS officer of the Manipur-Tripura cadre. He hailed from Odhisa, Behura and served Tripura in his initial years before he joined in the Intelligence Bureau in 1985. He is survived by wife and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668615", "title": "Government in dilemma over water, power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the demand for power touching an all-time high on Saturday, the state government is faced with a tough choice between ensuring power supply to farmers at the peak of this rabi season and meeting drinking water needs in the state during the peak summer.Following an SOS from AP Transco, the state government is likely to release two TMC ft water from the Jurala and Srisailam reservoirs in order to generate hydel power so that power supply is ensured for the rabi season which will end in a fortnight from now. But with the water in the reservoirs already at the dead storage level (DSL), releasing water now would exasperate the drinking water crisis in the months of May and June.The demand on Saturday was 13,500 MW following which AP Transco sent an SOS to the irrigation department to release water from Jurala and Srisailam reservoirs so that power production could be increased through hydel generation. In a letter to the irrigation department on Saturday, AP Transco requested release of two TMC ft water from these two reservoirs to step up power generation. However, Jurala at present has only 5.48 TMC feet water and Srisailam 53.46 TMC feet water which is bare minimum reserve compared to last few years. During the same time last year, Srisailam had 59 TMC ft and Jurala 8.36 TMC ft. If the water from the reservoirs is released now, Guntur, Nalgonda and Khammam would be the districts that would bear the brunt of the drinking water crisis during the peak summer.Not wanting to face the wrath of farmers ahead of bypolls, the state government has directed the four Discoms to ensure seven-hour power supply to the farm sector at any cost. This has forced the Discoms to divert most of the power to the farm sector and impose power cuts on the domestic and industrial sectors.The state government has directed the district collectors to closely monitor seven-hour power supply to the agricultural sector, timely replacement of distribution transformers by holding regular meetings with agricultural and electricity officials and to review substation level committee meetings. In case any crop damage is reported in any part of the district, district collectors have been instructed by the government to bring it to the notice of Discoms, so that extra hours of power supply can be made wherever required.Energy principal secretary Dinesh Kumar held a review meeting on Saturday with all CMDs of Discoms and AP Transco and agreed to release Rs 25 crore in the 1st phase for shifting of LT and HT lines passing over habitations and housing colonies.Further, keeping in view the ongoing examinations, to avoid inconvenience to students, Dinesh Kumar instructed the Discoms to ensure night supply from 6 pm to 6 am at any cost. He instructed all CMDs to coordinate with rural water supply officials and the district collectors to ensure that drinking water schemes are not affected for want of power supply and also to ensure sufficient rolling stock of distribution transformers so as to replace the faulty transformers within a stipulated time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668913", "title": "Crime branch set to take over probe in Tikku, Kakkar cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch of the Mumbai Police will take over the investigation into the murder of Delhi-based businessman Arunkumar Tikku and the disappearance of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar (28) who resided in Andheri (W), but hailed from the nation's capital.Police chief Arup Patnaik ordered the transfer of the cases-which so far has been handled by two police stations-on Saturday evening. Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy confirmed this development.A highly-placed police source said there is \"adequate reason to believe that Kakkar has been murdered and his body dumped in a remote area\". \"To crack the cases, we needed to club them together,'' the officer said. Theaccused in both cases, Vijay Palande, is in the custody of the Oshiwara police, but so far he has revealed little to cops prompting Patnaik to transfer the case to the crime branch so that a dedicated team can handle it.The police want to invoke MCOCA and seek custody of deported gangster Santosh Shetty to confirm if there's any truth to Palande's claim that he is a part of the Shetty gang. The Oshiwara police has been investigating theTikku case and theAmboli police is probing Kakkar's disappearance. The transfer will come into effect on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12668425", "title": "Polio drops to be given across district today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Polio drops will be administered across the district on Sunday. Around 1564 centres have been formed in railway stations, bus stops and other places, where polio drops will be given.Around 6274 staff from various departments have been involved in the process.District Collector M Karunagaran, in a press release said that there are 3,18,697 children in the district who will benefit from the programme. He requested parents to administer polio drops to children below the age of 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670218", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board swings into action after high court order", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court has directed the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to initiate action against industries causing high pollution and submit an action taken report on May 3.The court's directives came in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed against the state for running an ill-equipped common effluent treatment plant (CETP) in Mahad. The CETPs are meant for treating industrial liquid toxic waste (effluent) before releasing it into rivers or streams. Untreated or inadequately treated effluents can cause river pollution.Following the court's order on March 30, the board has started round-the-clock monitoring of the CETPs across the state and identifying industries which are not adhering to environment norms vis-a-vis effluents generated at their units.\"The board is initiating appropriate directions to them (industries) by extending an opportunity of hearing and, thereby, obtaining necessary time-bound programmes, duly supported by bank guarantees, to ensure that time-bound action plans (to upgrade or revamp CETPs) are implemented,\" the court said in its order.On the next date of hearing, the MPCB shall also place on record a report indicating the summary of the performance of the CETPs and the action taken against the highly polluting industries, the court said.\"We have shut 11 industries in Mahad which were not complying with the norms. All the 21 CETPs in the state are being monitored round-the-clock for their performance in treating toxic industrial waste,\" Dattatray Devale, senior law officer, MPCB, told TOI on Thursday.Devale added, \"CETPs having inadequate capacity or having insufficient pollution control devices are given time-bound programme to upgrade or revamp as per the standards set for them in the Environment Protection Act 1986. Action is being taken against small industrial units which are releasing effluents to the CETPs without administering primary treatment on their own.\"As per the norms, small industrial units need to extend primary treatment to their effluents before sending it to the CETP for full-fledged treatment. \"It is mandatory for medium and large scale industries to give full-fledged treatment to their industrial effluents and send the waste to CETP only for its proper disposal. Any laxity in following the norms will face stringent action under the Water (Prevention and Control) Act, 1974\" Devale said.\"The effluent channeling pipelines provided by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC in some areas is more than 20 years old and need to be replaced as the leakage from it is also contaminating the groundwater,\" said A R Supate, principal scientific officer, MPCB.The high court has also directed the MIDC to replace the older lines and accord proper maintenance to them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12674063", "title": "Mahamastakabhisheka comes to an end today", "text": "MANGALORE: The final mahamastakabhisheka of Lord Bahubali for 2012 will be held at Venoor in Belthangady taluk near here on April 15, said Swasti Sri Charukeerthi Bhattaraka Panditacharyavarya swamiji of Jain Mutt, Moodbidri. Rituals will get underway at 3pm as religious leaders from Jain Mutt, locals and hereditary erstwhile rulers of the place and others will perform 1,008 kalashabhishekam to the deity.Around 5,000 devotees will take part in the event, the seer said, adding Pushparaj Jain, entrepreneur from Mangalore will offer 'pratham kalash'. Rajneesh Jain of Bangalore, Kailash Jain of Kolkata, and Rajesh Jain and Rathnakar Jain, and Kanwar Sen Jain of Haryana respectively will offer the 'rathna kalash', 'suvarna kalash', rathan kalash' and 'kshema kalash' respectively, seer told reporters at Moodbidri on Friday.Swasti Sri Charukeerthi Bhattaraka Panditacharyavarya will deliver benedictions at the religious function.D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari, Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala will preside over the function. Sri Bhuvanakeerthi Bhattaraka Swamiji of Kanakagiri Jain Mutt will be present on this occasion. Padmaprasad Ajila, 'Timmarasa' of the region will release 'Shatabha Namavali', a religious text to commemorate the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668673", "title": "DMK too may pull out of team to Lanka", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK is likely to withdraw its representative from the all-party parliamentary delegation scheduled to leave for Colombo on April 16 on a six-day tour of Sri Lanka to assess the rehabilitation of the internally displaced Tamils. The delegation will be led by senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj .Sources said DMK chief M Karunanidhi was of the view that the delegation would not be able to achieve much and the conducted tour would hardly help them get a realistic picture of the plight of the war-displaced in the island nation. Sources said the DMK leadership has almost made up its mind to withdraw the party nominee, Lok Sabha member T K S Elangovan, from the delegation.Earlier in the week, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had announced that she was withdrawing AIADMK's representative, terming the proposed visit a \"farce\". In a strongly-worded statement, she said there would be no opportunity for the MPs to interact with the war-affected Tamils and learn about their true plight. She also criticized Sri Lanka for its alleged 'anti-Tamil' approach in the massive rehabilitation exercise and the country's recent objection to nuclear power facilities in south India, particularly Kudankulam. The visit, she said, appeared more like a \"formality\" planned by the Sri Lankan government to \"favour itself.\"DMK sources said Karunanidhi shared a similar view and, during discussions with party seniors, expressed his feeling that the visit would serve no purpose as the team would not be allowed to talk to Tamils still housed in camps and awaiting rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669196", "title": "A holiday special train to begin with", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh-Bandra train is going to be blessing for commuters. The train is likely to start running from the first week of May. The authorities are in the process of working out the modalities as well as the time table.Inquiries revealed that initially this train shall run as a holiday special. Later, from July 1 onwards, the train will be part of the railway time table as a bi-weekly train. With this, those worried about their travel to Mumbai in May, too have a reason to smile as people on the waiting list shall be adjusted in this train.G M Singh, the senior divisional commercial manager (Sr DCM) confirmed the development, saying, \"We are waiting for the final order from the headquarters, otherwise we are all set to roll out the train.\"Inquiries revealed that the 20 bogey train shall include six sleeper coaches, six general coaches, two AC 2 tier coaches, three AC 3 tier coaches and 1 AC 1 tier coach.\"This was a much awaited decision and this was expected ever since the train was launched last month. Now we are hoping that keeping in view the traffic inflow of tourists, the train be connected to the trains running between Kalka-Shimla,\" said Vinod Bhan, a Manimajra resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669275", "title": "City's party zone finds a new address", "text": "KOLKATA: A packed house swaying to the latest chartbusters from the spin master's console, hands up in the air as they groove and swing their blues away. This scene, once synonymous with nightclubs of Kolkata, is now a common sight at the nightspots of Sector V, Salt Lake. Even as city's nightclubs struggle to cope with the sharp drop in footfalls due to the 'Cinderella hour' curfew imposed on them, its raining footfall in discotheques and lounge bars that are just about 15 kilometres away from the city's 'party zone'. The late night party scene has shifted, well and truly, to the city's exurb.Kolkata's loss has been Salt Lake's gain: even as the now-forlorn nightclubs of this city struggle to stay afloat after suffering a 50% to 90% drop in revenue, the one in Salt Lake Sector V are raking in the moolah with a 20% to 50% increase in footfalls. While the Sector V nightspots had a loyal clientele in the hip crowd working in the IT sector firms there, it is the party animals of Kolkata who're setting the cash registers jingling there.\"Nightlife in Kolkata is dead now, thanks to the prudish midnight curfew on nightclubs. Sector V nighspots are rocking now and so instead of Park Street and other adjoining party zones, I now prefer (to come to) these clubs here,\" said Siddharta Mitra, an employee of a beer major.Party animals start trickling in from 8 pm and by 11 p.m., most of these joints are jampacked with guests either hitting the dance floor or preferring to sit and lounge around. The clubs too have left no stone unturned to pull in more crowds. From organising special nights for women guests and attractive discounts to prizes for the best dressed couple, they have come up with innovations to cash in on the strict regulation that have been imposed on nightclubs in the city.\"Every Friday we have ladies night out where we offer free drinks to lady guests. The footfall has gone up impressively over the past few months. Apart from our regular guests, we come across new guests too dropping by which is a good sign,\" said Swaoop Ghosh of 'House of Kommons', a club celebrated its first birthday recently.A 'Barbie Friday' at Shimmers on Friday night saw not only the Barbies, but the Kens too jostling for space on the dance floor. The popular club in Sector V saw a packed house with the crowd cheering and letting their hair down. A show by models was an ice on the topping for the guests.\"We rope in models on special occasions to add more colour to the do. It is good to see a packed house. The guests are enjoying for which they come to the club and spend money,\" said Akshay Gambhir, vice president of Club Town that runs Shimmers.The footfall on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays in these party joints have shot up by anything between 20% and 50%. Even the relatively new XoXo that is about five months old has seen a sharp rise in footfall.\"Unexpectedly, even of Thursday we have been getting a huge crowd. On Friday, we were booked for a private party. There were two back to back private parties. The business is encouraging so far. The sales have gone up anything between 20% and 40% particularly in the past couple of months,\" said staff of XoXo.So packed was the night club on Friday that Rishab Gupta of Lake Town and his friends had to go elsewhere unable to find a place to sit and lounge around.\"I checked into XoXo around 11 pm. The floor was packed and all the tables were occupied. I wanted to sit and unwind with friends. Since we did not find a place, we headed to a nearby pub,\" said Rishab.Many from the adjoining IT hub of Rajarhat-New Town who used to head to Kolkata to let their hair down now prefer to party in Salt Lake, which is just a short drive away from their offices.\"We used to go to night clubs in Park and Street and other joint in the adjoining places on weekends. But it is no point to venture out to Kolkata anymore. We are through with our work only by around 10 pm. By the time we reach Park Street, it's already 11 pm and nearly time for them to shut down. Therefore, we now hop into one of these joints nearby so that we get more time to party,\" said Sweety Bansal, an IT executive.Joints like Club 69 in Silver Arcade on EM Bypass are also seeing a surge in the footfall. Even till February the number of guests would be a handful. But the scene has changed for good.\"I am a regular at Club 69. There footfall would be very moderate all this while. But I am surprised to see a steep increase in the number of guests over the past few weeks. The party feels alive with a good crowd around,\"\" said Sutapa Banerjee, a senior executive of a financial consulting firm.The party, then, is still on. It's just that the venue has shifted. It's the 'V' sign for Sector V, at least for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673364", "title": "Man behind India\u2019s streetside Tussaud\u2019s", "text": "The starstruck are thronging a promenade in Mumbai to be photographed with Bollywood's biggest names, a hand on their shoulder. Fans in Gurgaon, Dubai and London are next in line. Purba Dutt tracks down the man who made it happen.Replicating the hook of a nose or the stoop in a shoulder is everyday business for sculptors. But what does it take to inject an intangible trait in a life-size statue? For Nilesh Powalkar, it was watching seven films of a single star, back-to-back in loop. \"Shammi Kapoor's most defining trait was his restlessness, I realised. He could never sit still,\" says the 33-year-old. Which is why India's Elvis Presley was cast in bronze, his body lifted just centimetres off the bench he is vacating to leave.Kapoor, his brother and famed actordirector Raj Kapoor , and the late demi-God of romance Dev Anand have found a permanent home, and tribute in UTV Stars' Walk of the Stars at Mumbai's swish sea-facing promenade of Bandra Bandstand, also home to some of Bollywood's biggest names.The two-kilometre stretch that was inaugurated on March 28, is expected to be scattered with several 'star' benches, with icons Amitabh Bachchan , Rajesh Khanna and Dilip Kumar on Powalkar's sketching board. The walkway also features 19 hand impressions of a total of 60, including those of actresses Kareena Kapoor , Shabana Azmi , and Sharmila Tagore , besides signatures of late veterans Meena Kumari , Sunil Dutt , Kishore Kumar and Guru Dutt.Powalkar, who heard of the channel's plan to launch a project modelled on Hollywood's Walk of Fame, from a friend, admits to working at breakneck speed at his Chembur workshop for the project that kicked off two years ago. It was Tagore's palm impression that the sculptor started off with, for which he flew down to Delhi to meet the actress. \"Sharmilaji was mourning her husband's death. Despite the huge personal loss, she was graceful and cooperative,\" remembers the Sir JJ School of Arts alumnus. But it's working with young actor Imran Khan that cracked him up. \"We used flavoured clay, and Imran sniffed it, realising something was smelling yummy. When I said it was mango-flavoured, he instantly scooped up a dollop and licked it. Obviously, it didn't taste of the fruit! It was only meant to smell good,\" he giggles.If research was intensive, sculpting was laborious, starting off with a clay model followed by a round of moulding, creating a poly-resin cast, piece moulding, remoulding, furnace dewaxing and finally pouring the metal into the final cast. \"Each statue took six months to make, and it was only at the final pouring stage that we could spot an error. In the case of Raj Kapoor's Shree 420 statue, the crane, used for mechanical pouring, snapped, forcing me to carry out the process manually. The metal is heated to 1,800 degree centigrade, and the mould along with supplementary contraptions weighed around 600 kilos. Here I was doing the procedure by hand!\" Powalkar says.And yet, this is his most satisfying assignment yet. A mermaid that stands at a busy junction at Mumbai's famous Marine Drive neighbourhood, and another representing a tyre brand at Worli, are no match for the glamour the current project has offered him. \"We love our film stars, and I'm part of a process that allows our people to take away starry memories. Could I ask for more?\" smiles Powalkar, who will be busy with a similar plan scheduled to roll in Gurgaon next, followed by Dubai and London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12669763", "title": "Two women robbed of chains in a day", "text": "PUNE: Two women were robbed of their gold chains, one of them in broad daylight, and a futile bid was made on another in various parts of the city on Friday.Anusaya Kamble (49) of Sangvi has stated in her complaint with the Airport police station that two men snatched her chain worth Rs 40,000 while she was walking at Lohegaon at 5 pm and fled. Chitra Pujari (20) of Pashan was robbed of her chain worth Rs 10,000 by two men while she was walking via Baner-Pashan link road around 8 pm. Unlike most of the cases, where robbers use motorcycles, the men in these two cases were on foot.Meanwhile, a motorcyclist attempted to snatch the gold chain of Shweta Bhokare (30) of Bhandarkar road while she was walking in the Deccan area at 7.30 pm, the Deccan Gymkhana police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12665373", "title": "Online gaming vs online dating", "text": "There is no doubt that people still feel gamers to be anti-social, cave dwellers with no dating skills. If given a chance to go out and meet someone in person, they would rather go online and sit infront of their computers. But recent surveys show how the profiles of people on these sites are completely not what you would expect. In fact, one of these surveys suggests that you'd have a better chance finding a significant other by joining one of these popular gaming sites.Psychologist Varkha Chulani feels that though there is a common factor binding and bringing these people together online, there is a lot more that goes into a relationship,\"\"People might find co-players interesting but for a relation to blossom it takes a lot more than spending time playing the same game. You have to meet the person outside to get to know him/her more to see what their temperament is and if they can click or not.\"\"For Jason Rhodes, an active member on a popular gaming site says,\"\"Gamers just have a different mentality in my opinion. It's so much sexier to connect with someone on that level with that adrelaline rush. I would say it is definitely more fun that marriage and dating sites. I know some people who have taken their gaming to the next level and met face to face. But maybe, I wouldn't do that.\"\"Another avid gamer, Anuraag Shukla goes online to unwind completely,\"\"I go online to play for atleast an hour. It takes me away from the daily stress from my life and just love the way I can meet new, interesting people during the game. Such games are a fun way of getting to know new people without the pressure of getting into a relationship. My sole reason of getting into this is because my partner is into this game.\"\"Psychologist, Kanan Khatau warns that what you may see online may not be the truth. She says,\"\"What is the virtual villain or hero may be very different in real life. The person may also have an ulterior motive as many cases have been seen like that. So keeping the virtual world virtual may be the order of the day! Dating still requires you to be prim and proper and portray your self as likable. Where as in gaming you always have the real part yet to emerge. Your idiocracies are on the surface.\"\"While the idea of meeting new people does excite many, it might be totally opposite for some. Punit Shenoy, a pilot feels that he will join such a site for the pure experience of gaming and nothing else,\" \"Online gaming is definitely thumbs up but online dating is a big no-no for me. The kind of person I am, I know it will never work out for me because I doubt I would meet a random person whom I know only through the internet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12669928", "title": "Private school teachers stage fast", "text": "TRICHY: Members of the Tamil Nadu private school teaching and non-teaching staff association staged a hunger strike on Saturday to insist on a state government investigation into alleged irregularities in three private schools in Trichy and take action against them.About 100 members of the association led by its state general secretary K Thirumavalavan commenced a day-long fast near the Anna statue at the Chatram bus stand. They insisted that the state government probe into the alleged irregularities in CE higher secondary school in Vannarapettai, Sengunthan higher secondary school in Thuraiyur and Kalaimagal elementary school in Edamalaipatti Puthur.Thirumalvalavan alleged that the correspondent of the CE higher secondary school, Abraham James, had appointed his daughter Beulah Sekar as a record clerk in the school in 1996. However, Beulah never showed up at work or performed her duty until 2009. Despite the staff taking up the issue, the government officials remained mute spectators.The issue came to light during the meeting of the senior level education officers in 2009. The government then imposed a penalty on the school administration for indulging in the irregularity. Infuriated by the opposition from the staff, James allegedly harassed the teachers. On July 14, 2010, the school teachers were attacked in the school campus by goons. Similar issues were found to be prevailing in Sengunthar higher secondary school and Kalaimagal elementary school. Noting the lack of government action following these incidents, Thirumalvalavan demanded that the state government should look into these issues and bring justice to the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669894", "title": "Engineering student killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A 20-year-old student, who had recently learnt to drive, was killed in a hit-and-run mishap near Lokmanya Tilak turning point on Thursday. Luvkumar Singh, a second year electronic engineering student, succumbed to his injuries on Saturday, at a private hospital.According to the police, Singh was heading to his rented room at Police Nagar near CRPF gate when he was hit by a speeding tanker. Singh had gone to withdraw cash from nearby ATM. He walked out of the ATM and was crossing the road on his bike at Lokmanya Tilak Nagar when the tanker, heading towards Wadi, hit him. The passers-by and his friends rushed Singh to a private hospital at Shankar Nagar, where he died on Saturday.MIDC police have registered a case against the unknown tanker driver. Cops said that Singh was riding his friend's bike and did not have a licence. His friends said that Singh had recently learnt to ride a bike through his friends.Three cases of chain snatching in two hoursNagpur: Within two hours, three cases of chain snatchings were reported in the city on Saturday. In first around 9am, 45-year-old Meena Thakre was walking near Reshimbagh ground in Sakkardara when three youths came on separate bikes and surrounded her. One of them snatched her gold chain worth Rs 12,000 and all the three fled the spot. Thakre, of Parseoni village, was in city to meet a relative, admitted to a private hospital in Sakkardara.In the second incident, two youths on a bike snatched a gold chain from a 70-year-old woman at Manish Nagar. Around 10.45am, Kumud Kadaskar was walking home at Manish Nagar when the youths on bike came at a high speed and robbed her gold chain worth Rs 15,000. Sonegaon police have registered a case.The third incident took place at Trimurti Nagar, when the youths snatched away imitation jewellery from a middle-aged woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669224", "title": "Jaspal wants to serve the country as an engineer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Scoring an All-India rank four in the Indian Engineering Services (IES) and being the only one in the region to figure in the top five, Jaspal Singh from PEC's Civil Engineering department has done his alma mater proud.What makes Singh stand out of the crowd is his tremendous zeal to serve the nation while continuing to be an engineer. A consistent meritorious student at PEC throughout and a batch topper, Singh incidentally was offered a pay package worth Rs 7.5 lakh annually at PEC, which he turned down. \"I had a choice to pick up the most lucrative jobs through campus placement at PEC. I was offered placement in two MNCs, one was a French company and the other was the no. one company in India. Still I wanted to clear my IES exam and serve the country as an engineer,\" says Singh. Having graduated from PEC in 2009, he later joined as a sub-divisional officer (SDO) at PWD department in Bhopal . However, Singh's focus had always been to enter IES, the allied services of Indian Administrative Services, and continue to contribute as an engineer.\"There are several students who choose to change their fields once they complete their Bachelors in Engineering. But I wanted to continue my journey as an engineer and help build my nation with my hard work,\" adds Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669374", "title": "Shivpal suspends 15 engineers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after expressing displeasure over poor quality of roads in the city, public works department (PWD) minister Shivpal Singh Yadav on Saturday suspended 15 engineers, including an executive engineer of PWD.After inspecting Hardoi Road on Friday, Yadav had found grave irregularities and laxity in widening and strengthening of roads from two lanes to six lanes.Among the engineers suspended include one executive, four assistant and 10 junior engineers.In addition, directives have been issued to serve notices to superintending engineer and the then chief engineer central zone, an official spokesperson said.The total cost of 22km road is estimated to be around Rs 300 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12668467", "title": "RAW postings likely to come under RTI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Appointments to India's secretive external intelligence arm, the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), could come under public scrutiny, with the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) upholding an order that the administrative process of an appointment is not exempted from the RTI.Although the agency is likely to further challenge the order, the CIC ruling does throw open RAW's functioning and officials to RTI applications.Passing an order on an RTI query seeking information on appointment of RAW chief Sanjeev Tripathi, the CIC upheld an appellate authority directive that the external agency is not exempted from the Act as the administrative work in the case was carried out by the Cabinet secretariat.Although an appointment does not in itself impinge on its more secret functions, information about postings and designations being made public can be worrying for the RAW, whose organizational structure is a secret.\"The order, which doesn't seem to be thought through, opens up a lot of sensitive activities to public scrutiny,\" a former RAW chief said.Filed last August by Subhash Chandra Aggarwal, the RTI application had sought replies to a number of questions related to the appointment of current chief Sanjeev Tripathi. The application was rejected by the Central Public Information Officer (CPIO) last December on the ground that RAW was exempted from the ambit of the Act under Section 24(1) of the RTI Act.Subsequently, Aggarwal appealed with the first appellate authority at the Cabinet secretariat. When the authority failed to pass an order in stipulated time, Aggarwal approached CIC that heard the matter on February 29, 2012. The appellate authority saw merit in the plea and held: \"The desired information did not relate to the exempted organization but to the manner in which the appointment was made by the competent authority and, therefore, it could not be said that the information was about the exempted organization.\"Aggarwal is now alleging deliberate delay on part of Cabinet secretariat.\"I have still not received the information as the Cabinet secretariat has forwarded the query to a different division now,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670615", "title": "Miles to go on the RTE roadmap", "text": "The judgment last week by the Supreme Court, making it mandatory for the government, local authorities and private schools to reserve 25% of their seats for the economically weaker sections, is one more step in making the right to education a reality for Indian children. The road, however, is long and the journey arduous, as there are still millions who face barriers in accessing education.The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) was enacted in 2009 to ensure that all children of India between 6-14, regardless of their economic status, caste, class or gender, would be given an elementary education by right and by law. In addition, the Act made some time-bound commitments, to ensure schools achieve certain minimum standards of quality, many of them culminating on April 1, 2013.April 1, 2012, marked two years since the notification of this historic Act. The National RTE Forum , which is a coalition of over 10,000 NGOs and organizations working on RTE, held a convention last week to take stock of the progress. While all states, with the exception of Karnataka and Goa, have notified the Act, movement on several vital fronts has been slow.Millions of children- the most marginalized and the most disadvantaged such as child labourers, street and migrant children, those in conflict-affected areas and the disabled - are still out of school. According to an estimate, there are 28 million child labourers in India. Since these kids are working, they are clearly not in the classrooms. Considering the widespread nature of conflict in 180 districts across the country, the number of children affected by wars could be in the millions. The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) estimates that 40,000 children in seven districts of Chhattisgarh alone are out of school. The numbers of children out of school on account of conflict could run into several hundred thousand. Delhi alone has 51,000 street children - most of them denied their right to education.Although RTE still has some significant gaps, for instance neglecting the age group 3-6, it nevertheless has many strong points. If implemented in its true spirit of ensuring a neighbourhood school of an acceptable standard of quality, it would go a long way in ensuring that all children get equal opportunity in education. However, what we find in India today, unfortunately, is an education system that promotes inequality, with excellent schools for the rich, and bad schools for the poor. Even within government schools, there is a multi-tiered system with Kendriya Vidyalayas at the top end and MCD schools at the bottom. Many states don't have grievance redressal mechanisms, and even where they exist, the rate of disposal of complaints is not very high. According to an answer provided to a Lok Sabha question recently, of the 2,215 complaints that the NCPCR received until November last year, only 110 were disposed of.The financing of RTE remains a big issue. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee put aside only Rs 25, 555 crore for 2012-13 for the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, which falls way short of the recommended financial requirement of Rs 1.82 lakh crore. The single largest area of spending tends to be on teacher salaries, followed by infrastructure. This doesn't, however, ensure quality of teachers or proper infrastructure.RTE mandates a 30:1 pupil teacher ratio - i.e. classes should have no more than 30 children, and that there should be one teacher for every 30 children. However, ASER 2011 data shows that about 60% of all primary schools fail to meet this critical criterion. In states like Assam , Kerala and Manipur, despite the sanctioning of teacher posts, no teachers have been hired, according to an answer provided to a LS question in November last year.In Bihar, although there has been an increase in teacher recruitment, the pupil-teacher ratio norm is routinely ignored, with many primary schools having as many as 80 children in a class. These teachers tend to be untrained as well. Bihar and UP lead the charge with over one lakh untrained teachers.The RTE Act promises a neighbourhood school for each child which provides quality education. This also implies making available good educational support and an environment in which children do not experience discrimination. In essence , the concept should mean that all children in a neighbourhood - no matter whether their fathers are doctors, cleaners or farmers - should go to the same school, and that all schools should have trained teachers, classrooms, toilets, books and learning materials for all. Only then would all of India's children have an equal opportunity to quality education. The RTE has infused new hope into them. Let us not fail them.The writer is director for advocacy and policy, Save the Children", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668368", "title": "Procession brings traffic to a halt on Santhome High Road", "text": "CHENNAI: Most motorists who expected a relaxed drive via Santhome High Road towards the port, Marina beach or a shopping spree in Parry's on Saturday afternoon were in for a rude shock.A drive that would have taken less than 10 minutes stretched on as thousands of dalit workers and activists walked or drove in open jeeps in a procession towards Ambedkar Memorial in Pattinampakkam to pay homage at the statue of the architect of the Constitution on the occasion of his 121st birth anniversary.From noon to 2:30pm, buses and commercial vehicles carrying goods were not allowed to go around the Thiru-vi-ka park and turn left on to Santhome High Road.By 1.15pm, the traffic police began flagging down and stopping cars and advised them to drive on to Mandaveli to reach their destination.\"The police asked me where I wanted to go. When I said Chennai Central Station, they said Santhome High Road was completely blocked and that I should go through Mount Road,\" said R Jayakrishna, who was driving a call taxi.Many who followed the policemen's advice and turned into RK Mutt Road, hoping to find a way back on to Kamarajar Salai soon, were in for another disappointment.The huge number of vehicles had completely jammed the main road and all inner lanes like Thiruvengadam Road. \"I wish I had turned left from the Adyar bridge. We have been stuck here for the last 20 minutes,\" said Yogaraj, another commuter. Most commuters stopped honking and switched off the ignition.Lorry drivers and MTC bus commuters, who could see a little ahead, became the eyes of every frustrated driver who wanted to know what was causing the blockade. \"None of the vehicles is going ahead or turning left,\" said a lorry driver.\"Every 15 minutes or so, there was a relief for motorists as they were allowed on to turn left from RK Mutt Road.\" Commuters said the situation improved largely around 2.30pm, with the road clearing up.The traffic police insisted they had diverted vehicles only for one hour and that the traffic snarl was efficiently handled.\"The procession was travelling from Jupiter Estates and Greenways Road via Santhome to Pattinampakkam. The road was blocked from noon or so, so we were forced to warn and divert cars away from Santhome High Road. But the block in Mandaveli was for hardly an hour, which was expected considering the large crowd,\" said a traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673625", "title": "Poor financial condition compels man to end life", "text": "KANPUR: A 38-year-old man was found hanging from the ceiling of his room in Choona Bhatia under Nazirabad police station on late Friday night. According to Nazirabad police, Yogesh Kumar was suffering from depression because of his poor financial condition.Investigations indicated that frustration drove Yogesh to commit suicide. The victim had entered into an altercation with his wife Prema on Friday over monetary issue. After quarrelling with her husband, Prema left for her parental place with her children. When she returned home on Saturday morning, Prema found her Yogesh's body hanging from the ceiling of her house. They informed Nazirabad police. The body has been sent for post-mortem examination. No suicide note was found. Yogesh used to work at a cycle stand near Bansmandi.Arrested: Three persons were arrested from Rail Bazaar area with 10 kilogram of 'charas' on Saturday. A police official said a police party patrolling near Tat Mill area spotted the three persons moving suspiciously. Two of the arrested persons identified as Deepak and Pankaj are from Bihar. The third one was identified as Shiv Prakash of Juhi area in the city. Preliminary investigation revealed that 'charas' was being smuggled from Bihar. The three were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "12669562", "title": "28-yr-old man ends life in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: A 28-year-old man committed suicide by consuming sulphas tablets, late on Friday night at his home Baruasagar, around 30 kilometres from Jhansi. His family members alleged that the victim took the extreme step due to the continuous harassment by the SO of Baruasagar police station.As per the details Anuj Choubey, son of Roop Ram has been living near Baruasagar along with his parents, wife and three children and has 100 bigha land and was also working as a contractor under MNREGS. On April 8, he was held by the local police on the charges of murdering his friend Ashok Ahirwar four months ago. It is being alleged that the victim was let off by the SO after few days for which the latter had taken Rs 50,000. As the news started spreading, he was called up by the police, threatened for dire consequences and this made him to take the extreme step.Parents of deceased Ashok, however, maintain that both Anuj and Ashok were good friends and they never had suspicion on Anuj. Newly posted SSP, Shailendra Pati Tripathi, said that he is yet to receive a formal complaint, but still the investigation is on and appropriate action will be taken if the allegation is proved to be correct.Anuj Choubey, son of Roop Ram has been living near Baruasagar along with his parents, wife and three children and has 100 bigha land and was also working as a contractor under MNREGS. On April 8, he was held by the local police on the charges of murdering his friend Ashok Ahirwar four months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669757", "title": "AIMPT prelims results declared", "text": "LUCKNOW: The results of preliminary test of All India Pre-Medical Test (AIPMT) 2012 were declared on Saturday. As many as 30,788 students have qualified the exam. A total of 2,75,942 students has registered for the exam, and 2,57,960 appeared for the test held on April 1. Of the qualified students, 15,620 are girls and 15,168 boys. There are 2,500 medical seats in the state that will be filled through AIPMT.From Lucknow, over 30,000 candidates took the exam at 47 centres. Those who have qualified the preliminary test will appear in the main exam scheduled on May 13. The exam will contain 120 objective type questions from physics, chemistry and biology (botany and zoology).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "sehore (mp)", "code": "12679598", "title": "Narrow escape for Madhya Pradesh CM, minister as chopper develops problem midair", "text": "SEHORE (MP): Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and home minister Uma Shankar Gupta had a narrow escape today when a door of their helicopter suddenly opened midair soon after take off, forcing the pilot to return to the helipad.Police sources said that the two leaders had boarded the chopper for going to Jawad after taking part in a programme organised by BJP's minority cell at Nasrullaganj in the district.However, a door of the chopper's luggage compartment suddenly fell open after the aircraft took off following which the pilot decided to return and landed the helicopter safely at the helipad, they said.Although the problem was rectified, Chouhan returned to Bhopal instead of going to Jawad, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670156", "title": "South Western Command celebrates 8th raising day", "text": "JAIPUR: Army's newest command South Western Command (Sapta Shakti) celebrated its 8th raising day at the Jaipur military station on Saturday with a mass display of skills of man, animal and machines.The celebrations unfolded with the extension of a royal welcome to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and a salute by a fleet of helicopters. The event was also graced by Lt Gen Gyan Bhushan, GOC-in-C of the Sapta Shakti command. Other dignitaries of the state, including tourism minister Bina Kak and Jaipur mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and the ranks and files of the military station were present on the occasion.As part of the mass display, the army's daredevil motor cycle riders, para troopers, sky divers, trained dogs, mounted cavalry personnel and stunt pilots mesmerized the crowd. A stunt worth mention was the breathtaking showmanship by test pilot and Brigadier A S Sidhu on a Cheetah helicopter.The impressive display was brought to a close with an immaculate demonstration by the Army bands.Around 200 children, including differently abled children, from various schools in the city, also enjoyed the army show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "malerkotla/amritsar", "code": "12669671", "title": "People of Khanpur village in Punjab pray for Bobby, Nikki", "text": "MALERKOTLA/AMRITSAR: The narrow and dingy lanes might not attract any visitor to the small and non-descript village of Khanpur near the princely town of Malerkotla. But, this place boasts of a boy who went on to become the first Indian-American governor of a state in the US. The residents were proud and overjoyed when Bobby Jindal achieved that distinction more than three-and-half decades ago. They now want him to become the vice-president of the most powerful nation in the world.Prayers are reverberating across Amritsar and Ludhiana too, where relatives of South Carolina governor Nikki Haley and those who knew her father and grand father are praying for her.Bobby and Nikki, both potential running mates of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who will take on Barrack Obama, were born in the US. And, in both lies the potential of a Punjabi-origin person to be the vice-president of the US, if Romney romps to power.Bobby's mother was pregnant with Bobby when she moved to the US. Bobby visited his ancestral village only once, when he was only four years old.Many villagers might not have seen him when he visited the place but old timers still fondly remember the Jindal clan and recount many incidents involving Bobby' parents.Bobby's father Amar Jindal and his three brothers -- Sham Lal, Bachan Lal and Dharam Pal -- lived together in Khanpur. Only Amar Jindal pursued higher education and got his engineering degree from Ludhiana's Guru Nanak Engineering College. Amar was married to Karnal-based Raj Jindal and they migrated to the US in February 1971. Bobby was born in Baton in 1971.Bobby's kin at Malerkotla are overjoyed that he has been the bright star in the family. The place had erupted in joy when Bobby became Louisiana governor in 2007 and again in 2011.\"He proved his mettle by becoming the governor, an unthinkable achievement for any Indian,\" said the only surviving elder in the clan, Vijay Laxmi, Bobby Jindal's aunt.Said Vijay Laxmi's son and Bobby's first cousin Harwinder: \"That morning of October 21, 2007 brought in a lot of happiness when Bobby reached Louisiana governor's mansion. Bobby had created history by being the first non-white and youngest to achieve the distinction. We wish he reaches White House .\"\"We are proud that Bobby's name is doing the rounds as a probable running mate to Romney. It is a great honour not just for our family, but Punjab and the nation as the son of soil has made it really big. He may be thousands of miles away from us, but we feel as if he is among us,\" said Bobby's cousin Subash Chand.Nikki's grandfather Captain Charan Singh lived in Pandhori Ran Singh village in Tarn Taran district while her father Ajit Singh studied in Ludhiana and later taught at Punjab Agriculture University before going to Canada in 1962.Nikki's mother Raj Randhawa, lived in Katra Dal Singh in Amritsar but their property was covered under the Galliara - a beautification scheme in the surrounding of The Golden Temple. Nikki visited this house when she was just two, said Nikki's first cousin, Kamaljit Singh Randhawa.\"I hope she will visit Amritsar to offer thanksgiving prayers at the Golden Temple,\" said Kamaljit, whose younger brother Paramjit had visited the US when Nikki took oath of the governor of South Carolina. \"It is incredible that an Indian is a strong contender for such a top post in the US,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12673797", "title": "Maxi cab gutted, passengers escape", "text": "HUBLI: An alert maxi cab driver averted a major accident on Saturday, when he stopped the vehicle by the road side and asked the passengers to get down as there was some problem in the engine of the cab. However, the maxi cab went up in flames when he was fixing the engine. People in the cab hailed from Udupi and were headed towards Badami to attend a wedding. The accident took place at Ramanal cross near Kalagatagi, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669581", "title": "Congress, Samajwadi Party take JNNURM route for 2014 general elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Among various Central schemes that UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav took up with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday, it's the flagship Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) that stands out. Reason: The state has been given a grace period of two years to finish the projects. And that is where the catch lies.The first phase of the scheme ended on March 31 this year. Given the grace period of two years, the projects initiated by the state government with the Central funding will have to be completed by 2014, the year when Lok Sabha polls are scheduled. Political observers suggest that the scheme could be one of the key issue that may become a factor when both Samajwadi Party and Congress gear up for the polls.The prestigious scheme was started in 2007 with UP bagging 33 projects over a period of last five years. The total worth of the projects, essentially those pertaining to laying of sewer lines, drainage and drinking water supply, were worth Rs 5363.61 crore. For this, the Centre released Rs 1734.91 crore.But ironically only one project - installation of branch and lateral sewer lines in northern and western zone of Agra at an estimated cost of 2162 crore - has been completed. The Centre, according to records, had released a sum of Rs 1081 crore for the project. Rests are still in their execution stage.In Lucknow alone, drainage works at an estimated cost of around Rs 325 crore. Of this only 50 percent have been completed. Likewise, sewerage project worth around Rs 500 crore was also started. The project was carried out in three parts - one in the old city area and two in trans-Gomti area. Except for the old city area, the two in trans-Gomti area are still in their execution stage. Similarly, the crucial solid waste management project undertaken at an estimated cost of Rs 50 crore too is still in its developmental stage. Sources in the department of urban development confirmed that it is only after an assessment is made and the Centre is satisfied that the second phase will come into effect, probably in the financial year 2014-15.Sources hinted that the regulations may be made even stricter for the state government to avail the funds from the Centre in the second phase.A senior official in the department said that the projects were reviewed, assessed and a report was sent every quarterly. But the second phase may not be just about procedural formalities that the state government has been undertaking. It will be more about taking into consideration institutional mechanisms and reforms pertaining to strengthening the local bodies.\"Tax realization at the local bodies level will be one of the most crucial parameter that the Centre may be taking up before any further release of fund is done,'' said a senior official in the know of things.According to JNNURM rules, it is only 50 percent of the funding that will be managed by the Centre, while the rest 50 percent needs to come together from the local bodies and the state government.Officials said that the government is very much aware of the poor revenue realizations at the municipal levels. ''That is where things will have to be strengthened,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12473989", "title": "Miss India World 2012: Vanya Mishra wins the title", "text": "The winners of the Pantaloons Femina Miss India (PFMI) 2012 pageant were declared at a star-studded event at Bhavans Ground, Andheri on Friday evening .The winners are Vanya Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012), Prachi Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012), Rochelle Maria Rao (Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2012).Chandigarh girl, Vanya Mishra who got a direct entry in the final 20 after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest is finally PFMI'12 Miss World. In answer to the final question, 'If you have an option, will you create thousand jobs or feed thousand children daily?' Vanya said, \"Little children are innocent and anybody's heart will melt. I will also try to give them education so that they can feed themselves and their family too.The PFMI 2012 winners were crowned by Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2011 Kanistha Dhankhar, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2011 Hasleen Kaur, Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2011 Ankita Shorey. Mr Kamal Basu, Head Marketing Skoda Auto India Private Limited, gave away car keys as part of grand prize to the three finalists.Sub Contest WinnersName of the Title Winner Veet Femina Miss Beautiful Legs 2012 Farah Hussian Pantaloons Femina Miss Fresh Face 2012 Erica Fernandez Pantaloons Femina Miss Fashionista 2012 Sneha Upadhyay Femina Miss Beautiful Smile 2012 Sana Khan Femina Miss Beautiful Lips 2012 Sonam Pachey Streax Femina Miss Stylish Hair 2012 Sonam Pachey Courtyard Marriot Mumbai Miss Congeniality 2012 Prachi Mishra VLCC Femina Miss Body Beautiful 2012 Rochelle Maria Rao Gitanjali Femina Miss Glamourous Diva 2012 Rochello Maria Rao Diet Mantra Femina Miss Active 2012 Shamata Anchan Femina Miss Divine Thoughts 2012 Farah Hussian Lavie Femina Miss Globe Trotter 2012 Aasttha Ssidhana Sanofi Pasteur Femina Miss Beauty for Health 2012 Farah Hussian Enhance Femina Miss Ravishing 2012 Ipsita Pati Portico Femina Miss Dream Girl 2012 Purva Rana Maybelline Femina Miss Colossal Eyes 2012 Vanya Mishra Lavase Femina Vivacious 2012 Ipsita Pati Dabur Gulabari Femina Miss Glowing Skin 2012 Vanya Mishra Bharati Vidyapeeth Femina Miss Photogenic 2012 Vanya Mishra Liberty Femina Miss Ramp Model Rochelle Maria RaoInterviews:I had my share of anxiety and fear: Vanya MishraThe journey that began two years ago, turned into a dream come true for 19-year-old Vanya Mishra when she was crowned Femina Miss India World 2012 at Bhavans Ground, Mumbai on 30 March 2012. She got a direct entry to the finale after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest, and was finally crowned PFMI'12 Miss World. She is definitely enjoying her time as the new Miss India World. In an exclusive tete-a-tete Vanya opens up about her life, dreams and conquering her fears.\"The feeling that I've won the crown has still not sunk in, as the crown comes with a lot of joy and responsibilities too. Life has suddenly become so busy. But I am enjoying every moment of it.\"Though she was extremely confident, Vanya admits to have had her moments of anxiety and panic. \"I always thought people around me are much more experienced as I am just 19, so I should just wait and come back later. But I always had a positive feeling which finally paid off,\" she exclaims days later as she takes out time from a flurry of interviews and posing for the shutterbugs.Vanya feels her life has completely changed after the win. \"I can feel the power and the popularity that has come with the title. I am enjoying the sudden attention that is being showered upon me,\" she exclaims.Though her childhood dream has been realised and the prestigious title is now hers, she still believes there is a lot more to achieve. While she is now readying herself for international pageant in a bid to bring home the coveted Miss World title, she still wants to complete her education. With a hectic schedule ahead of her, Vanya feels she really needs to strategise and plan ahead, and adds with a humorous touch, \"It's not bad to be educated.\"Talking about her favourites in Bollywood whom she would like to romance onscreen, the pretty woman says, \"I would love to be cast opposite Ranbir Kapoor some day.\" When probed further, Vanya admits to already feeling the pressure to bring home the Miss World title. But for now, she is extremely excited about the grand welcome that she is all set to receive in her home town Chandigarh. \"They just want to know when I am coming back to Chandigarh. Days are busy, but I am not complaining,\" she signs off.-Swati BhattacharyyaPFMI was a big risk for me: Prachi MishraAnd it paid off for Allahabad girl Prachi Mishra, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012. At the same time, Prachi says there are mountains left to conquer, still.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669729", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited sets target of 10,000 new connections", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to cover more power consumers in the city, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has set a target of 10,000 new connections within a month.The decision was taken by UPPCL chairman Avnish Awasthi on Saturday during a review meeting. Awasthi set a target of 100 connections per month for all junior engineers of Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration ( Lesa).He said there are still 2.5 lakh consumers who are not paying electricity bills. Of these, about 1.5 lakh consumers have not paid bills for a long period. Sources said it is the fictitious consumers who are a cause of concern for the authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670753", "title": "Memories of another day", "text": "Vacant looks. Irrational talk. And at times, violent mood swings. It's an illness few understand. Most think patients with dementia are mad or psychologically impaired, little realizing it's a dysfunction of the brain. According to latest figures of the World Health Organization , nearly 3.7 million people in India suffer from the disease - a number that is set to double over the next 20 years. Globally , a whopping 35.6 million are afflicted by this debilitating condition.But these mind-numbing figures reveal little of the sadness and bravery with which families of dementia patients deal with the situation. Sunday Times reached out to three of them for their stories.Man Mohan Singh | Chandigarh |This former IAS officer was an active, sociable man, playing golf and penning short stories and poems on birds and village life. Till life struck him with dementia . At 59.His behaviour underwent changes - he became withdrawn, was restless and would wander off. Initially, the family thought he was suffering from depression, but a visit to Nimhans in Bangalore confirmed their worst fears - it was an incurable form of dementia, perhaps of the frontotemporal kind. \"Often, he would forget that he had eaten, and ask for food soon after a hearty meal,\" says son Gautam Singh, a freelance photographer . \"My mother was the primary caregiver , with myself and a hired male attendant who would also help tie his turban. But each of us could shoulder the responsibility only for a few hours at a time as it was mentally exhausting.\"Progressively losing control over his intellectual faculties, Singh would often get disoriented and even take cold baths in the dead of winter. Once, on returning from his evening walk, he went into a stranger's house in the neighbourhood, much to the chagrin of the man staying there. Before matters took an ugly turn, the attendant reached there and extricated him. \"One had to explain to people that he was ill, and couldn't really be blamed for any social impropriety,\" adds Gautam.Their bungalow, whose gate was always open, would now be locked from inside. \"If my father saw a lock, he understood he couldn't go out but he would walk all through the house, room to room, till he exhausted himself,\" says Gautam. \"We tried to make life as normal as possible for him, playing golf with him, taking him out to visit friends and for weddings. One had to continue living as one had before.\"But it wasn't meant to last. In 2000, Singh choked on his food and was in coma for six months. \"He just wasted away after that,\" says Gautam softly.P T George | Delhi |The 85-year-old is quieter, calmer now. Ever since his daughter, Mary George, put him on homeopathic medicines, life is manageable. The earlier violent behaviour, foul language and shouting have reduced. But there's a new element. He spits at everyone. Mary, a schoolteacher, is stoic: \"I can manage this. I know of cases where the patient opens a cupboard and pees into it or removes his clothes and threatens to jump off a balcony.\"George's dementia is linked to uncontrolled diabetes which he's had for over two decades. Now his gait is wobbly and there are severe mood swings, and incontinence. He doesn't go to the church anymore. Being a foodie, he is always asking for food, though hunger has little to do with it. He still thinks his deceased wife is admitted in hospital and tells his daughter, \"Take her out. Why do you want to spend so much money?\"It has been an uphill battle for the ever-cheerful Mary and her family. \"I have to leave for school at 7am and get back only by 2pm.\" Two male nurses takecare of him round-the-clock - they cost Rs 1,400 a day. But Mary says she can't compromise on this front. \"My father's sugar levels have to be constantly checked. Once, it even plummeted to 40; this can induce coma,\" she says.Mary's only outing is to church. There are no neighbourly visits. George feels neglected if there are guests and screams at them to get out. Most of the time he just sits like a zombie. Brief periods of lucidity have him saying, \"What a wretched life.\"There are good times, too. After 9pm, when the effect of medicines wears off, he's almost normal. He asks about his bank account and says that a matrimonial ad should be placed for Mary's daughter.Nirmal Saxena | Mumbai |Meena's tired voice reveals the toll of looking after a husband with dementia . She's 64, he 74. \"At first, we couldn't understand why he was suddenly very aggressive. Once he pulled my hair so hard that clumps came off in his hand,\" says Meena. \"He would throw utensils at us.\"A visit to a neurologist in 2008 confirmed dementia . \"He talks all the time. Day and night. He was a lawyer, you see,\" says Meena. What does he talk about? \"Mostly about various cases.\"He doesn't recognize anyone, not even his wife. He has forgotten his grown-up children's names, still thinks they are small and asks Meena if they have come back from school. It's been hard on Meena though the couple live with their son and daughterin-law and have house help. The slow disintegration of her husband means that she hardly goes out except for walks in the colony. \"I don't have the courage to take him with me. I don't know what he will do next.\" The company of her friends keeps her going.Saxena's food habits, too, have changed. This tea lover hardly ever asks for it now. \"For the last five days, I have had to force-feed him with a spoon. He's even refusing to drink water,\" says a worried Meena. Life is not always beautiful.(Saxena's name has been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675674", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma's twisted logic", "text": "One filmmaker who seems to have a massive fan following on Twitter is Ram Gopal Varma .The reason behind this is the filmmakers rather wry, insensitive and most often cocky sense of humour that manages to shock, stir and cause many discussions with his followers.Take the case of one of his latest tweets, \"If the Titanic was sinking, why couldn't the survivors have gotten on top of the iceberg?' These kind of twisted logic that the director posts on his microblogging site brings him a lot of bouquets as well as brickbats.While the people who follow Ramu on the site might not really concur with his views, his theories bring in a lot of scope for amusement and discussion. A young actor, who has acted in his film, says, \"This is what sets him apart from the rest. He's different and he's got his own style of talking, which reflects in his choice of work, actors and subjects. Argue if you may but he's survived for over two decades and that's a big feat.\" We agree there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675708", "title": "Sakkath dance in Hampi", "text": "The team of Kannada movie Kiladi Kitti, the remake of the Telugu film Blade Baabji was recently in Hampi for a song shoot. Hampi, the pride of Karnataka and frequented by foreign tousists, is also the favourite hotspot of many a filmmakers for shooting songs.Sringara Kitty, the lead actor was there to shake a leg with pretty lass Haripriya for a song in Hampi. The song has been penned by Yogaraj Bhat. No brownie points for guessing the singers for we all know whose voice leands magic to Romance in Kannada films released in the recent past. Yes , the duo is none other than Sonu Nigam and Shreya Goshal. Now, it remains to be seen if the duet song will turn out to be another cult song like Mungaru Male.Kiladi Kitti is directed by Anantharaju. Srinagara Kitty is all set to romance Haripriya and Smitha. Apparently, the filmmaker has made some changes to the original script to suit Kannada audiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "12676184", "title": "NTPC's sixth unit bunker collapses in Bihar's Bhagalpur district", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The bunker of the 6th unit of the NTPC thermal power plant at Kahalgaon in Bhagalpur district today collapsed halting power generation from the unit with 500 MW capacity, an official said.The bunker used for storage of coal for combustion in boiler furnace collapsed following technical snag forcing suspension of power generation, NTPC Kahalgaon unit general manager Subhashi Ghosh said.A team of technical experts from New Delhi would come here tomorrow to restore the bunker, he said.Meanwhile, power generation from the NTPC thermal power plant has plummeted to 1340 MW out of its total capacity of 2340 MW with the seventh unit with generation capacity of 500 MW already out of order for some time, Ghosh said.Efforts were on to resume generation from the seventh unit at the earliest, Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12669985", "title": "Konkan Railway Corporation warns of attempts to tarnish image", "text": "MARGAO: The Konkan Railway Corporation (KRC) has, in a press note, urged its employees not to get misguided by \"certain elements who have been attempting to tarnish the image of Konkan Railway in general and its managing director in particular\".Stating that there has been a proposal from the Goa chief minister (dated Dec 2011) to the minister of railways for shifting of the headquarters/corporate office of Konkan Railway from Belapur, Navi Mumbai, to Goa, KRC has clarified that \"even if the corporate office is shifted to Margao, there is no such proposal to sell off the properties at Navi Mumbai\".The KRC has also reassured its employees that there is no proposal of transferring provident fund to EPF authorities and discontinuing the existing pension/family pension scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668567", "title": "Soon, walk into your bank branch to pay property tax", "text": "CHENNAI: At its next council meeting on Wednesday, the city corporation will approve a proposal to allow banks to collect property tax.The council is expected to table 25 resolutions, including the decision to bring professional tax in the expanded areas on a par with the old limits. Sources said 30 primary and middle schools of the civic body will become English medium. The civic body is likely to make CCTVs compulsory in jewellery shops and fuel outlets.Sources said walk-in payment facility for property tax would be available at certain branches of 13 banks, including Indian Overseas Bank , Indian Bank , ICICI, Canara Bank , HDFC and Dhanalakshmi Bank. A senior corporation official said this will help increase tax collection. Even after the expansion of the corporation this year, property tax collection dropped nearly 5% from the previous fiscal. The civic body collected only 358 crore against a targeted 558 crore from 15 zones, which is 18 crore less than the previous year's collection of 376 crore.The civic body is also planning to introduce uniform professional tax in all 15 corporation zones. \"There are different taxes in extended areas. But after the approval of the council, there will be a uniform slab for professional tax,\" said a source. The civic body will also provide pension schemes for 5,690 senior citizens and 1,438 differently abled people living below the poverty line.The council will give approval to introduction of English medium in 30 primary and middle corporation schools. It will also approve organising music competitions and PTA meetings in corporation schools. Job-oriented training will be provided in four community colleges with the help of private firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12669921", "title": "Trichy consumers lay siege to gas agency", "text": "TRICHY: Frustrated over the difficulties in getting liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) domestic cylinders for the past two months, a group of cooking gas consumers tried to lay siege to a gas agency in Mannarpuram on Saturday morning. 'Sathiyas Bharat gas agency' in Mannarpuram is one of the distributors of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) for supplying LPG cylinders in the area and residents were aggravated due to the inordinate delay of 60 days to get a cooking gas cylinder from the agency.The agency was closed when the consumers assembled for the protest. But within a few minutes, a staff member of the agency reached the spot to appease the angry consumers who complained that the delay was triggering problems in their family and they had to run from pillar to post to find alternate methods for cooking. The staff registered their numbers and assured them that the problem would come to an end by Monday. Repeated attempts to contact the sales officer of BPCL from the area went in vain.When contacted, ARA Jayaraj, taluk level supply officer of Trichy said that they were not entitled to order the agencies for timely supply and that the action could be taken only by the oil companies concerned. However, the consumers could give complaints in writing to the consumer protection forum in Trichy about their grievances. Officials said they would recommend the oil companies to take severe action against agencies that caused hardships to the consumers. He also said that such a delay could be attributed to the wrongdoing of delivery boys who sometimes sold cylinders in the black market.Another officer said that a special team should be formed, headed by the district collector, to tackle such grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674788", "title": "In Indore, UB group asked to register unit", "text": "INDORE: The central excise and service tax department has sent a notice to Vijay Mallya-owned UB group asking it to register its unit in Indore facilitating the department to collect the service tax, which the company owes to it. The department sources said they sent a brief notice to UB group and a detailed one would follow in this regard.In an investigation, being conducted by the department, it has been found that the UB group was taking the services of a local beverages firm, Mount Everest, which was carrying out the bottling and branding works for the Mallya firm in the region.On an average, the UB group has already utilized the services of the firm to the tune of Rs 15-20 crore, but it has not paid any amount to the department against the services to it. Hence, the department is gearing up to slap a notice on the firm's corporate office at Bangalore.Prima facie it seems that the UB group owes the department a sum of Rs 1.5 crore in form of service taxes from its Indore unit. However, RD Negi, commissioner of central excise at Indore, told TOI that the amount may go even beyond that. However, as the investigations are still on, it will be too early to comment anything on the issue, he said.\"First, we want to see the balance sheet of the company. Then only we will be able to know the exact amount it owes to the department,\" added Negi. The problem was that there is no centralized registration of the firm as of now, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672818", "title": "Mithun Chakraborty is tight lipped!", "text": "Mithun Chakraborty prefers not to disclose his role in \"Le Halua Le\", produced my Shree Venkatesh Films before its release.And he has reasons for it. \"Don't ask about my role. Rather go to the theatres with your family, forget about the daily stress and sorrow and enjoy the film, which is high on entertainment. \"LHL\" is a out-and-out rom-com where one will get to enjoy everything which is there in a masala flick,\"said the actor.\"Houseful 2\" and now \"LHL\" - two back to back comedy films for Mithun Charaborty. Is comedy his fave genre, we ask? \"\" Nothing is 'favourite' nor 'not favourite' for me as an actor. As a professional actor I should be versatile enough to do all kinds of roles. When I am doing \"Nobel Chor\" I love the character I am essaying there similarly when I am acting in \"LHL\", I enjoy the role I am potraying. My mantra is do justice to the character and the film I am part of,\"com,es his straight answer. How would you rate Raja Chanda as a director of :LHL\"? \"Comedy is the toughest as it is very difficult to make people laugh intelligently. I think Raja has done an excellent job and as a director he has a great future if he can hold himself in the right way, \"\"he said on a parting note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12669182", "title": "Constable among 3 arrested for cheating", "text": "MOHALI: Three people, including a dismissed head constable of Punjab Police, Pawan Kumar, were arrested for cheating innocent youths on the pretext of providing them jobs in Punjab Police on Saturday.Two others accused included Sohan Lal of Samana and Balwinder Singh of Rajpura. A case against them was registered at police station Sohana in Mohali.Police officials said dismissed cop Pawan was charging money from innocent youths to get them jobs in Punjab police. Meanwhile, accused Pawan and two others used to take their personnel work from innocent youths.The district police Mohali came into action when Darshan Singh of Mohali filed a police complaint against three of them a fortnight back. Accused would be produced in the district courts, Mohali, on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669013", "title": "Youth\u2019s throat slit with bottle", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old man was killed following an altercation between youths playing cricket next to a slum on Saturday evening.M Ravi alias Ravi Kumar, a resident of the Siddapura slum popularly known Tagadu Jhopadi, is related to the accused assailant Sandip, 26, who is wanted in several criminal cases. Both are employed as loading workers and would occasionally drive goods vehicles, locals said.\"As it was a holiday, youths had gathered at an open place. A prominent politician reportedly supplied liquor. There was an altercation on sharing betting money between the teams as a dispute arose over an umpire's decision which resulted in a drunken brawl around 5pm. Sandip allegedly broke a beer bottle and rammed it into Ravi's neck. He died on the spot,\" S Muniyappa, a local leader told STOI. Doctors said Ravi's wound was very serious and led to instant death, police said.A woman resident of the area Kalaivani said that had been complaints against Sandip, who used to be a stooge of some local politicians who used him for their nefarious purposes. Some local leaders allegedly prevented police action against him. \"This resulted in Sandip behaving like a goon and threaten youths in the area. He allegedly interfered with youths playing cricket and picked up a quarrel with them. There is a lot of tension in the area as people from two groups gathered near the Mallige Hospital where the body was kept and showered threats against each other,\" she said.Police claimed they had taken Sandip into custody and questioned him. They suspect more youths were injured in the altercation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672478", "title": "Polio drive to cover 6 lakh children in district", "text": "VARANASI: The district health administration will hold the Pulse Polio Immunisation Day on Sunday (April 15). While the administration has targeted about six lakh children (up to five years) in the district under the drive, special focus would be on rural areas.Chief medical officer Dr Gyan Prakash said the drive will witness special emphasis in rural and slum areas of the city, where around 2,000 polio booths have been made. All government primary schools (majority of them in rural areas) will be open to administer polio drops to children. The government school teachers in these areas will also motivate the locals, he added.There are 1,032 government primary schools in the district and 227 slums in the urban areas of the district. Though, there is no report of new polio case from any parts of the country in past one year, the polio immunisation drive is still being carried in different parts of the country to ward off threat of re-emergence of polio virus.In the urban areas, more than 1000 polio booths have been made to cover children up to five years. The mobile polio booths will also be active near Cantonment railway sation, roadways bus stand and other prominent halting points in the city.But, while preparations for Polio Day are in full swing, the administration is yet to gear up for swine flu (H1N1) virus which has started to create ripples in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Delhi. Additional CMO Dr RP Tiwari said the isolation ward in SPG and DDU hospital are ready to cater such cases, but so far no case has been reported in the state to cause any alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12660978", "title": "Celeb babies are on twitter!", "text": "Abhishek Bachchan announced the arrival of Beti B, now known as Aaradhya, on a micro-blogging site; director Shirish Kunder has been known to tweet pics of his triplets, Czar, Diva and Anya; and now, Celina Jaitley and her husband Peter have created micro-blogging IDs for their newborn sons, Winston and Viraajj. The announcement was followed by tweets from the little ones, who now have 376 followers between them.Several international celebrities have also taken to the micro-blogging site to update their fans with the goings-on in their babies' lives.Actor Hilary Duff , who recently gave birth to a baby boy named Luca, has already tweeted a few pics of him, as well as of the gift hamper fellow actor and mother Jessica Alba gave her. In fact, Jessica herself recently tweeted a pic of her second daughter, Haven , dressed up as an Easter bunny. And, of course, the first pictures of David and Victoria Beckham's daughter, Harper Seven, were tweeted by her father last year.However, singer Beyonce has refrained from posting pics of her daughter Blue Ivy, even though she recently launched a blog that features intimate pics of her and her family on vacation.Where's the privacy?TV anchor Mandira Bedi , who tweets frequently and whose husband Raj Kaushal tweeted about the arrival of their son Vir last year, says, \"I did consider the idea of a social networking account for Vir, which would have a record of photographs of him from birth onwards because one can keep that as private as one wants. But I was not keen on opening a micro-blogging account or tweeting pictures of him because one has very little control over privacy. I haven't tweeted a single picture of his yet. And I don't intend to for a while.\"Watch what you tweetKiruba Shankar, founder of a business blog and author of two books on tweeting, echoes Mandira's sentiments about privacy being an issue when it comes to having a micro-blogging page, and adds, \"Once the kids are grown up, I don't know if they will appreciate the fact that the whole world has been watching them as they grew up. Parents should tread carefully and make sure that they don't post anything absurd that could embarrass their kids.\"H owever, Kiruba concedes that today 's babies, no matter who their parents are, will later spend a fair part of their lives in cyberspace, and will start going online very early. \"Cyberspace should be treated like sex education. The more you keep kids away from information about sex, the more likely they are to get the wrong information. It's the same with cyberspace. It's alright to get kids on to it as long as they are are guided.\"Baby BrandwagonBrand consultant Harish Bijoor, however, says that celebs creating micro-blogging accounts for their babies could be a brand-building exercise for themselves. \"People have done all sorts of gimmicks in the real world, and now they're doing it in the virtual world. This particular medium is giving celebs a readymade format of quick dissemination,\" he says, adding that soon microblogging accounts for inanimate objects - \"like Dr Manmohan Singh's table or a celebrity's bed\" - could be the next in thing. Well, considering that Angelina Jolie's right leg's micro-blogging account is alive and kicking, this possibility doesn't seem that farfetched!Aaawww... that's so tweet!Celina Jaitley: On their 2-week birthday, we presented our sons with their IDs @winstonjhaag &amp; @viraajjhaag.Abhishek Bachchan: IT'S A GIRL!!!!!! :-)))))Raj Kaushal: Ladies and gentlemen. At 11.01am IST weighing 6 pounds the czar of our lives Mr Vir Kaushal has arrived. :-) Had a superb Fathers day (my 1st) thanks to my little Vir. Thank you @mandybedi for the best gift in my life. I think I am in love again :)Mahesh Bhupati: IT'S A GIRL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @DuttaLara. I Love u....", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669790", "title": "Youths assault 87-yr-old doctor for honking car horn", "text": "NAGPUR: In a shocking incident of road rage, two youths assaulted an 87-year-old doctor simply because the senior citizen honked his car horn behind their bike. The incident took place on Saturday morning at the Mahdibagh railway crossing in Yashodhara Nagar.Dr Fazal Shaikh was grievously hurt after being struck on his head by a massive stone that crashed through the front windshield of his car. The stone was thrown by Ravi Thakur (20) and his friend Dattu Mandavgane (23), residents of Vinoba Bhave Nagar. Both have been arrested.Police said that around 11am, Shaikh started off from his home Mahdibagh Colony residence and was heading to his nursing home at Quetta Colony. However, he saw a traffic jam near the railway crossing and decided to turn right to take another route.Since the bike-borne youths were in his way, Shaikh blew his car's horn. Shaikh told police that he honked the horn twice but the youths did not step aside. \"When Shaikh blew the horn again, the youths got down from their bike and started abusing him,\" said police. Shaikh told cops that he even tried to pacify the youths by telling them that he wouldn't take the turn or honk again, but they picked up a quarrel with him.\"For no fault of mine and such a petty issue, they thrashed me and even tried pulling me out of the car to hit me. But I somehow saved myself. I locked the car's door and windows immediately,\" said Shaikh in his statement.The angry youths started pelting stones at the car and damaged the front shield. They then threw a massive stone that broke through the windshield and hit the doctor on his head.On seeing the attack, people waiting at the railway crossing stopped the youths and rushed Shaikh to a nearby private hospital. Somebody also alerted Yashodhara Nagar police. Shaikh's received stitches to close his head wound and his blood pressure also rose due to the incident, said police.People did not allow the youths to flee until police arrived at the spot. After talking to Shaikh and the eyewitnesses, Yashodhara Nagar police arrested Thakur and Mandavgane.Since Shaikh's injury was serious, an offence of attempt to murder was registered against the youths. Police sources said that the youths are activists of a political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670255", "title": "Rich Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation scores over Municipal Corporation of Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it comes to the Mumbai versus Delhi debate, there's no dearth of talking points. But a comparison of the municipal corporations of the two cities rarely makes it to the discussion. And yet, a look at the run-up to the civic elections in the two cities this year paints a picture in contrast.While the elections in Mumbai were accompanied by much fanfare in February, with NGOs ranking corporators and youngsters going from door to door exhorting people to vote, elections in Delhi are a tad less lively.This may have something to do with the size of the budgets they control. BMC is possibly the richest civic body in the country with a budget of Rs 21,000 crore for 2011-12, nearly double the size of the MCD budget for the period. This, despite the fact that MCD covers over three times the areas that the BMC does.While the BMC represents both Mumbai's slums and its high-rises, MCD, which controls over 90% of the city, excludes it's most important locale-Lutyens' Delhi.History has had a hand in shaping the two corporations. BMC is one of the oldest municipalities in the country, set up in British India, nearly 30 years before Delhi became the capital. Simpreet Singh of the National Alliance of People's Movements points to civil society movements, not just by the British but prominent Indians too, that resulted in the formation of the BMC in 1882.\"The BMC has, for long, been entwined in Mumbai's political landscape and its long-standing working class movements: movements that have largely been absent in the capital. Delhi has never had an equivalent for Datta Samant, the fiery trade unionist who led the mill-workers' struggle in Mumbai in the 1980s,\" says Aromar Revi, director of the Indian Institute for Human Settlements.Neera Adarkar, a chronicler of Mumbai's mill-workers, points to well-known leaders such as Mrunal Gore and Madhu Dandavate (former Indian finance minister) who began their tryst with politics with Mumbai's municipal corporation.\"Mrunal Gore also led women's agitations against price hike and has fought for water supply in the middle-class areas of Girgaum,\" adds Adarkar. Many who fought the Samyukta Maharashtra movement also contested civic elections.\"The Shiv Sena tries to remain visible and relevant in the BMC, as this is their political stronghold,\" says Partha Mukhopadhyay of the Centre For Policy Research. \"If you dislodge the Shiv Sena from the BMC, the party will have lost its psychological battle for the city,\" says Mahesh Vijapurkar, the lead writer for Mumbai's Human Development Report 2009.NGO Praja has, through a process of filing hundreds of RTI queries, managed to compile data on the performance of political parties and corporators in the BMC, such as the number of questions each corporator asks in standing committee meetings.\"On the basis of this data, we have ranked corporators. Our rankings are so popular that some corporators have asked the BMC to start its own ranking system,\" says Nitai Mehta, who heads Praja.In much the same way that the politics of Mumbai has empowered the BMC, the politics of Delhi has effectively emasculated the MCD. Bodies such as DDA, which control a vast amount of land in the capital, further weaken MCD's effective hold on the development of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12679965", "title": "Tripura blames ministry of home affairs for border fencing delay", "text": "AGARTALA: Both fencing and flood lighting along the Tripura-Bangladesh border have been affected severely due to adverse weather condition and non-availability of support service. The state administration blames the ministry of home affairs (MHA) for the delay.Tripura chief secretary Dr S K Panda said non-availability of allocated fund in time is the reason for the delayed work. However, Border Security Force (BSF) officials here said fencing has been delayed due to the adverse weather conditions and floodlighting has been delayed as the Tripura State Electricity Corporation Ltd (TSECL) was unable to provide service connection efficiently in targeted stretches.Installation of floodlights on the entire 4,095 km stretch of the Indo-Bangladesh border, including 856 km in Tripura and 2,840 km in Northeast is targeted to be completed this year. But, so far only 50 per cent of the entire stretch and seven per cent in Tripura has been completed.A BSF report said that floodlighting for 132 km is ready for installation in the western border of the state but TSECL has provided power connection only for 34 km so far. In Tripura, fencing was scheduled to be completed by March last but, almost 22 per cent of the border with Bangladesh in the state is left unfenced, the progress report said.Chief secretary Dr Panda said about 183 km of the 856 km border between India and Bangladesh is still left porous while only 180 kms of the total sanctioned flood-lighting area has been completed so far. \"The border fencing and flood lighting work have been assigned to central government undertakings like National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) and National Project Construction Corporation Ltd (NPCC), but their performance is not at all satisfactory. Moreover, MHA is not releasing the funds on time,\" Dr Panda said.The NPCC had applied for installation of electricity in 192 Border outposts (BOP) across the state and TSECL submitted an estimate of Rs 124.54 crore but it released only Rs 13 crore and the flood lighting work was initiated in 41 BOPs, Dr Panda said.The state government has sent a proposal to the MHA to carry out fencing at zero line along the Indo-Bangladesh border in nine places, including Akhaura check post of Agartala, but funds have not been sanctioned yet.He pointed out that as many as 7,744 houses of Indian residents were fenced out and 4,691 of them had been provided houses in nearby places under the Indira Awas Yojana, but, if the other families demand houses to the state government, the state government was obliged to provide houses for them in a phased manner.Power minister Manik Dey said NPCC had released Rs 13 crore for installation of flood lights along the Indo-Bangladesh border, but the TSECL had not spent Rs 10.84 crore.According to the report, the Union home ministry has entrusted the work to NPCC, which did not have any experience in electrification work and the project was delayed by two years due to the inefficiency of the implementing agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669254", "title": "Punjab Engineering College to turn 'faculty centric' soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Turning it into a \"faculty centric\" institute where teachers will now be partners in making crucial policy decisions, an interim Board of Management (BoM) has replaced the Board of Governors (BoG) at PEC University of Technology.In a crucial structural change, this implementation by PEC of new guidelines of University Grants Commission (UGC) for deemed universities implies that the panel of BoG comprising industry experts, PEC alumni, eminent educationists, representatives of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and UGC, have been replaced by the deans and faculty members at PEC.While matters related to academics at PEC are taken up by its senate, the power to make policies was earlier vested with the BoG. \"The purpose of this UGC regulation is to ensure that the deemed universities in private sector take important decisions in a more professional manner rather than by those who are far from academics,\" said an official of the UT technical education department, who declined to be named. Although refusing to divulge details on the matter, PEC director Manjor Dutta, added, \"This is an interim board and the final modalities are yet to be worked out.\"The change has evoked a mixed response from the PEC faculty members. While some state that this would weaken the strong past interface with industry and eminent educationists, others however cite that the change is for better. \"A constitution for the board of management has given by UGC to all deemed universities. The stakeholders would now be faculty members. Structure of our committees would remain the same, since those recommended by UGC match the earlier set up in PEC,\" said Sanjeev Sofat, dean academic affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673429", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation panel puts brakes on bungalow proposals", "text": "VADODARA: The controversy over bungalows of mayor and municipal commissioner that were supposed to come up in Sayajibaug seems to have died down for now. The standing committee of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) sent the proposal of the bungalow for the mayor back to the municipal commissioner and has kept the proposal for a new bungalow for the commissioner pending.The proposal was dogged by controversy with opposition Congress saying that no structures should come up in the serene surroundings of the garden. The party also stated that the mayor's bungalow in the garden could end up being a major disturbance as it may see regular gatherings and traffic movement.The proposals for the two residences were moved to the standing committee of the civic body by VMC administration recently. The administration had proposed to spend over Rs 1.88 crore on the two houses in Sayajibaug. So far the mayor did not have an official residence in the city as the person occupying the seat is from the city itself. The commissioner's bungalow on the other end is ageing and it was argued that a lot of expenditure had to be made for its maintenance.Sources said that one of the major reasons for the standing committee not giving its nod for the projects in its Friday's meeting was that it wanted to avoid a controversy. tnn\"The opposition has been raising several issues off late and it would not be proper to start another controversy in the wake of the ensuing assembly polls,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12669512", "title": "Annadale needed for calamity relief operations: Army", "text": "SHIMLA: The Indian Army in its war against the Himachal Pradesh government to retain control over Annandale ground has reasoned that the place is needed for conducting humanitarian operations in the event of a calamity for the benefit of the entire population of the region.The ground was on lease with the Army, which expired 30 years ago, but the state government never bothered to reclaim it. Recently Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) floated the idea of building a cricket stadium and since then public support for civilian control of the ground has been increasing. Over the years, the Army has developed a golf course and a club at Annadale which is being used by Army officers and senior IAS and IPS officers of the state as well. But now when demand for reclaiming the ground has gained momentum, Army authorities suddenly have come up with the logic that Annadale, with its open space, offers an ideal location for setting up medical relief facilities, facilities for receipt and dispatch of casualties and forward surgical facilities.Last Saturday, HPCA president Anurag Thakur had led a rally of school children and citizens from the Ridge to chief minister's residence to submit a list of about one lakh signatures collected through mass signature campaign, that began six months ago, to mobilize public support for transfer of Annadale ground from Army to the state government. Thakur had handed over a charter, urging chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal, to take-up the issue with the ministry of defence.Army in a statement claimed that lease deed between representatives of governor of Punjab and the President of Union of India was executed in 1958, with retrospective effect from 1955 and the deed was renewed between representatives of Himachal Pradesh government and the President up to March 1982. No renewal of deed was done after 1982 but Himachal government continued to accept lease rent up to 2002, it added.Annadale has generated lot of curiosity ever since HPCA has offered to invest Rs 100 crore to convert the ground into a multi-sports stadium. HPCA has already rejected the Army's claim that the ground can't be vacated for strategic reasons as there is no other such ground available for use during emergencies.Issue would be taken up with Centre: Dhumal.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said that the state government would be presenting the memorandum prepared by Citizen Forum for Annandale to the Union government with the request to return the ground to the state. He said that with the return of the ground, the state, in association with Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, would develop it into a multi-purpose sports complex so that different sports events could be organized.Annadale for disaster relief operation: ArmyAnnadale has been with the Army since World War II, a fact amply evident from the memorabilia housed in the Army Heritage Museum located adjacent to the ground, said a statement issued by the Army. Any worthwhile humanitarian and disaster relief operation for Shimla can only be launched from Annadale. For this very reason, the Army and the state conduct a disaster relief exercise every few months in which various agencies get involved and mock drills are carried out, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12674442", "title": "Police department yet to get land from Bokaro Steel Plant for setting up stations", "text": "BOKARO: The setting up of two model police stations in the steel city is getting delayed as the police department is finding it difficult to acquire land from Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) for its construction.The police officials have expressed discontent against BSL after getting unsatisfactory response from them. The department plans to upgrade the Harla and Marphari police stations and require land in this regard. The model police stations will be equipped with separate cells for men and women, barrack, residential quarters for police officers, computer room, etc.Eight police stations in different parts of the district are to be upgraded at a budget of Rs 2 crore each. Barring Harla and Marphari, the site plan for the other six stations, including Bermo, Jaridih, Gomia, Petarwar, IEL and Siyaljori has been sent to the state police headquarters for approval.SP Kuldeep Dwivedi has asked the BSL management to provide land for the two stations but the firm is yet to give a positive response to the police department.The BSL management has informed the SP that sale and lease of company land has been suspended since May, 2011 as per central government directives. The chairman of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) has issued a direction to the BSL management that the authorities have to seek permission from Cabinet for sale or lease of land.\"The BSL management cannot allot land to the district police department before getting a no objection certificate (NOC) from central government,\" said a BSL officer.Chief of communication, BSL, Sanjay Tiwari refused to comment on the matter. Sources said that the company is already planning to set up new projects on the areas earmarked by the SP for upgrading police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670343", "title": "Earthquake near Koyna rattles city, dam safe", "text": "PUNE: Puneites in several parts of the city felt tremors for a few seconds, caused by an earthquake measuring 5 on the Richter scale, at 10.58 am on Saturday. The epicentre of the earthquake was at Goshatwadi village, nearly 20 km from the Koyna dam in Satara district, a Met department official said.\"The tremors were felt within a radius of 200 km of the epicentre, including Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Pune, Navi Mumbai, Mumbai and parts of Konkan,\" said M T Jadhav, assistant meteorologist at the seismological observatory of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) here.However, the Koyna dam has not been impacted by the quake, said Satara district authorities.\"The depth of the quake was measured at 10 km below the earth's surface, while several houses, mostly non-RCC structures, within a radius of 10 to 20 km from Goshatwadi, developed cracks due to the tremors that lasted for a few seconds. No loss of life or property was reported,\" he added.In fact, the IMD's seismologicl observatory recorded a total of three earthquakes between 8.53 am and 11.47 am, two of which occurred in the state in Satara and Ratnagiri districts.\"The first earthquake of 4.1 magnitude was recorded at 8.53 am at the Rann of Kutch in Gujarat. The intensity of this quake was felt across the western parts of Gujarat and the northern parts of Mumbai,\" said Jadhav.This was followed by the earthquake at Goshatwadi, while the third shock measuring 4 was recorded at 11.47 am, he said. \"The epicentre of the third quake was located 40 km south of Goshatwadi towards Ratnagiri. No aftershock was reported although, we expect an aftershock of less than 3 magnitude,\" he added.Jadhav ruled out the possibility of any link between the three earthquakes and the bigger tremor of 8.7 magnitude that was recorded earlier this week off the coast of northern Sumatra in Indonesia.\"There is no link here considering that Indonesia lies on the Indo-Australia and Euro-Australian plates while Koyna is located on a fault line where mild to slight intensity earthquakes are reported at regular intervals,\" he said. \"It is difficult to pinpoint immediately as to what caused the quakes in Satara and Ratnagiri,\" he added.Meanwhile, T N Kulkarni, research assistant at IMD observatory in Satara, said, \"The magnitude of the quake was 4.9 in Satara city and 5 in the Koyna region. This was followed by an aftershock of 4.4 magnitude at 11.50 am.\" There was panic among people in Satara for a few minutes as the tremors lasted for over 30 seconds.In Pune, several citizens narrated to TOI their experience following the tremors. \"I felt the tremors for around four seconds when I was in a room on the 9th floor of our apartment. The windows were shaking and the floor moving as I rushed to my roommate to ask if he felt anything. I knew it was an earthquake,\" said Himanshu Nitnaware, a student from a journalism college in the city.Rashmi Shah, an MBA student, said, \"I was sitting on my bed when suddenly it started shaking. I asked my sister if she felt it, too, but she attributed the tremor to our washing machine. I was scared because I was the only one who felt it. I later logged on to facebook where there were tons of posts mentioning the tremors in Pune, thus confirming my doubts about an earthquake.\"Nikita Nadgir, a commerce graduate, said, \"I was sitting on a chair when I suddenly realised that the floor was shaking. It was only for a few seconds. I asked my friends but many of them did not feel it. I searched google and found that an earthquake with the epicentre in Satara district had occurred.\"Ronojoy Basu, who is a lawyer, said, \"I was in a meeting when we felt the ground shaking gently. Everyone in the meeting felt the shock but chose to keep quiet. It lasted a little longer than 5 seconds.\"Surendra Sonawane, an accountant with a construction firm, said, \"I felt the tremors in my office. My colleagues around me got a tad irritated for a while when I mentioned this.\"Similarly, DES law college student Varun Tiwary said, \"I was sleeping, but I woke up instantly on feeling the tremors. It was over by the time I could gather what had happened.\"With inputs from Neha Madaan and Agnisheikh Chatterji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668391", "title": "Professor held for student\u2019s suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday arrested an assistant professor of SRM College in Kattankulathur on charges of abetting the suicide of a student allegedly ditched by him.S Shobana, 21, MBA student and daughter of Subramanian, 22nd ward councillor of the Chennai Corporation from Puzhal, hanged herself on April 7.Police said M Raja, 34, of Thalaivasal in Salem, an assistant professor in the computer science department of the college since January 2011, reportedly fell in love with Shobana, whom he met during classes held twice a week, though he was already married.Raja proposed to the girl in December 2011, concealing his marital status and the two started exchanging messages on mobile phones. In February, when the girl insisted that he marry her, Raja revealed the truth. He severed ties with her. When her repeated attempts to meet him failed, she decided to end her life, police said.\"Despite the professor revealing the truth, she was after him and even asked him to introduce his wife. He then changed his mobile phone number,\" said an investigating officer. Raja, a father of two, was also the warden of the college hostel.Frustrated over his behaviour, the girl decided to end her life and hanged herself at her house in Lakshmi Nagar, Puzhal, on April 7 when she was alone, police said. She did not leave behind any suicide note.Her father, who found text messages on her mobile phone, lodged a complaint with the Puzhal police. Raja disclosed his relationship with the girl during the interrogation, police said.A case was registered under IPC sections 417 (punishment for cheating) and 306 (abetment of suicide) and Raja was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661130", "title": "Lara Croft has a twin", "text": "Debutante Esha Gupta says she's inherited her Angelina Joliesque looks from her mother, and is not comfortable being compared to the Holly starIf you thought Karisma Kapoor's thigh high slit and posture in the Dangerous Ishq poster resembled Angelina Jolie's popular silhouette, here's another Bollywood beauty who bears an uncanny resemblance to the Tomb Raider star. And that can't just be attributed to her wardrobe. Jannat 2, newcomer Esha Gupta, with her pout and high cheekbones has a striking likeness to Angie.After being crowned Femina Miss India International in 2007 and featuring on the coveted swimsuit calendar in 2010, Esha Gupta became a well known face in the fashion circuit. Ready to make her Bollywood debut with Kunal Deshmukh's upcoming directorial, Esha's on the sets pictures reminded us of Jolie in her less skinny days.When contacted, Esha Gupta, who is busy shooting for Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh in Bhopal , said, \"It's a huge compliment indeed but I don't like to be compared in regards to my looks. So if people say my acting caliber is as good as Angelina, that will make me happy. Plus I am a copy of my mother.\"The film's producer, Mahesh Bhatt, however seemed to agree to the resemblance. \"I think the physical similarity does exist. Also, she is a strong woman. Just like Angelina, she is spirited and uses her strengths for causes beyond the glamour industry,\" said Bhatt.But her looks were not the only reason she landed the role. \"When I first saw her, she did look strikingly similar to Angelina. But her Indianness won me over. To find a newcomer who speaks pure Hindi, is a miracle,\" added Bhatt.Director Deshmukh revealed that in the fashion circuit, Esha is indeed known as the Indian Angelina. \"But we have not styled her to resemble Angie in Jannat 2,\" said the filmmaker and added, \"My stylist has given her a very desi look and she looks great in it. Her jawline, lips and eyes are like Angelina. She is gorgeous. When you meet her, she is naturally sexy too. And for a few scenes, we actually had to tone down her sensuality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673560", "title": "No power supply in Udyog Kunj", "text": "KANPUR: The Kesco on Sunday would be replacing the 5 MVA transformer by a 10 MVA transformer at Udyog Kunj. This work would be carried out between 8 am and 8 pm. As a result the areas connected to Dada Nagar sub-station would face rostering for 12 hours. There would be no power supply in Udyog Kunj and adjoining areas.Kesco spokesman AKS Chauhan told TOI that consumers would have to face inconvenience because of the power cut.After the installation of the 10 transformer at Udyog Kunj, the capacity of Dada Nagar substation would get doubled. At present there is one 10 MVA transformer providing power to the area. The new transformer to be installed on Sunday is also of 10 MVA capacity.The two 10 MVA transformers would go a long way in meeting the power needs of the area.The stoppage of power supply would affect the working in some industrial units also.Meanwhile, unscheduled power rostering hit people in many localities. This situation was worst in Chamanganj and Cheena Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668530", "title": "Two-year-old dies after drinking kerosene", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-year-old girl who drank kerosene mistaking it for water at her house in Medavakkam on Thursday died in hospital on Saturday.Police said that on Thursday afternoon, M Maheshwari, who was feeding her daughter Parameshwari, left her alone for a few minutes and went to attend to some household chores. The child accidentally stumbled upon a bottle of kerosene and drank from it mistaking it for water.\"Maheshwari came to know about the incident when she returned and found her daughter crying and suffering from bouts of vomiting. She found the bottle containing kerosene lying empty on the floor,\" said an investigating officer. She then informed her husband K Manikandan, a construction labourer, and after giving first aid, the couple rushed the girl to the Institute of Child Health in Egmore where she died on Saturday.Doctors said the girl sustained acute injuries in the food pipe and stomach. The couple has two other daughters, police said. A case was registered.Injuries in food pipeThe child accidentally stumbled upon a bottle of kerosene and drank from it. She sustained acute injuries in food pipe and stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669480", "title": "Parking goons vanish after crackdown", "text": "KOLKATA: Here is proof of how even a small effort can make a real shift in a city where things refuse to change. Exactly a week after police had carried out a crackdown on extortion of car owners in the name of night-parking fees, TOI visited the night-spots on Thursday to see if things were any different.The TOI team was sceptical whether one raid could bring about any change in the age-old practice of fleecing car owners after 10pm. The overwhelming feeling was that the goons would be back in action, charging people exorbitant rates when parking after 10pm is actually free.But there were surprises waiting for the TOI team. There were cars, but no shadowy figures lurking behind them waiting for their prey.Last Friday, plainclothesmen had staked out and then raided the lanes around Priya and Menoka cinemas, where fake parking agents regularly extort car owners emerging from the night show. The rowdies charge anything from Rs 30 to Rs 150. Some of them even produce fake bills to give the impression that they are authorised parking fee collectors. If anyone dares refuse, the goons turn abusive. There have been instances where they got physical. A cinegoer TOI had talked to last week said that a goon had grabbed the hand of a girl when his friend refused to pay.At those ungodly hours at night, most motorists are accompanied by their wife or girlfriend and tend to avoid any confrontation. This has emboldened these rogues to reign through fear, said police. It is this fear that comes in the way of their prosecution too.The five youths arrested for fleecing motorists last week are now out on bail. \"In most of the cases, we had difficulty getting witnesses,\" said an investigating officer. But the good thing is that they are not back to fleecing car owners.On Thursday night, the TOI team saw policemen patrolling the area on a motorcycle. City police commissioner R K Pachnanda has vowed to end this night-time extortion. \"I have instructed my officers to carry out regular checks at those spots so that goons who were released on bail cannot be back in business,\" he told TOI on Friday.The police do need to keep up their vigil because these goons are unlikely to let go of such a lucrative trade.On Thursday night, the TOI team came across a man lying on a concrete slab in front of Menoka Cinema near Rabindra Sarovar. At the stroke of midnight, he sat up and made a quick survey around. He gave a suspicious look at the TOI team and demanded to know why we were there. We told him that we had come to pick up relatives who were watching the night show. He appeared satisfied with the reply and walked around to see if there was anything odd. During last week's raid, plainclothes policemen had staked out the area since evening to identify the rowdies.Exactly 10 minutes after his survey was over, the show ended. The crowd started streaming out from the hall. Assured that there is no trouble around, the man started inching towards the cars. He managed to collect Rs 50 from one person and started moving towards another car. Suddenly, he realized that the TOI photographer was clicking pictures.The man was taken aback for a second and then dropped the money and ran like a bat out of hell. The car owners were amused to see their tormentor fleeing for his life.TOI was surprised to learn that almost all the motorists were unaware that there was no night parking fees in Kolkata. \"We thought these people used to overcharge us but now we understand that it was plain extortion,\" said Arvind Poddar, who had come to catch the movie at Menoka with his wife.Sourin Roy, a businessman, said: \"I am happy that there is hope for an end to the extortion at these spots where people come with their families. Once I was heckled badly because I refused to give in to their demand for a hefty 'parking fee'. Even then I was not aware that parking is free after 10pm. My wife got so scared and traumatised that we stopped going for night-shows. We came tonight after a long gap. But the sight of the fleeing extortionist was extremely reassuring.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673448", "title": "Inter-religious city bus service soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Devotees and pilgrims from different walks of life coming to the city for taking a holy dip at Sangam would be getting the facility to travel between various the religious cities like Haridwar, Mathura, Ayodhya and Varanasi. UPSRTC (Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation) has decided to offer inter-connected bus services to the pilgrims to different cities of religious importance, from Allahabad.With Maha Kumbh commencing from December 2012, the UPSRTC has drafted a blueprint to offer uninterrupted bus services for religious cities especially Ayodhya and Haridwar. Booking System would be launched with an objective that passengers should not face journey related troubles. A team of UPSRTC officials have conducted a route survey and decided buses for ferrying pilgrims.Talking to TOI, assistant regional manager, Prayag Depot, Rajesh Pathak said, \"We have carried out a route survey for the convenience of passengers and further decided to deploy buses between Allahabad and Haridwar on three different routes including Allahabad-Bahraich-Rupaidiha-Haridwar, Allahabad-Bareilly-Haridwar and Allahabad-Najibabad-Haridwar.\"He added that this would be first time when pilgrims and devotees would be getting religious cities inter-connected bus facility. Similarly, bus services for Ayodhya would be offered to pilgrims and these buses would be passing through Pratapgarh, Sultanpur and Faizabad.Pathak, meanwhile, maintained that UPSRTC has decided to deploy around 4,500 buses for the convenience of the passengers during Mahakumbh and all important cities including Lucknow, Gorakhpur, Delhi, Rewa, Bhopal, Agra, Satna etc would be connected. Devotees would be getting a bus for all important stations in every five minutes.ARM was of the view that the observance of Maha Kumbh has achieved international popularity as \"the biggest congregation of faith\". With millions of pilgrims expected to travel Allahabad from various cities to participate in the holy event, a big fleet of buses would be arranged for the same.A junior engineer in UPSRTC, KN Tripathi, meanwhile, informed that four temporary bus stands would be set up for the convenience of passengers at Jhunsi, Arail, Agriculture Institute and Phaphamau. Here, facilities like shades, shelter, toilets, cloak room and potable water would be offered to the pilgrims. He said that barricading would be done at these temporary bus stands and buses for different routes would be parked at their fixed slots so that passengers do not face any hurdle to catch the buses. It is said that Kumbh Mela takes place during an auspicious planetary position and also believed to medicate the Ganges waters with a concentration of certain rays due to their position and turn the river into nectar. Millions of devotees are expected to arrive in Allahabad to purify their inner self by taking a holy dip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668518", "title": "Arogyasri's new clause draws flak", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Arogyasri Trust has drawn flak for its latest stipulation mandating all public sector hospital superintendents to open a joint bank account with the respective district collectors or their nominees.The new clause is aimed at checking the misuse of funds in government hospitals and calls for all the Arogyasri empanelled hospitals across the state to open joint accounts. So, the funds currently flowing into the Arogyasri accounts of government hospitals can now only be put to use after the district collector or the nominee approves it. Mere signatures of hospital superintendents or the administrative officers will not work hereafter.Clearly unhappy with the new regulation, senior doctors in government hospitals said funds are required for day-to-day management such as transportation charges of beneficiaries, purchasing disposables, medicines, injections and blood for surgeries. \"It is a strange decision. Measures like these are hurdles that will only complicate the functioning of the scheme,\" said a doctor.Hospital authorities stated that when the scheme was launched in 2007, the instructions pertaining to billing and utilization of amounts were clearly given in the form of GO 134 and GO 1344. These guidelines are in force currently.The authorities maintained that in view of the earlier guidelines, the Arogyasri Trust cannot directly intervene in the functioning of hospitals by bringing forth new stipulations that are unwarranted. \"The letter dated April 8, that was circulated by the trust directing hospitals to open the joint account, was signed by the chief medical auditor of the trust. This is not the way it should be done. A GO has to be issued by the state government,\" said a doctor, adding that if the new rule is implemented, the network hospitals in the government sector would slowly lose interest in the community insurance scheme. \"For all the daily expenditures, we cannot seek the approval of the collector or the nominee,\" said a doctor.Doctors wondered if the district collectors would have the time to monitor and sign the cheques. They further said that this will only lead to piling up of bills and consequently, dissuade suppliers from taking orders. When contacted, N Srikant, CEO, Arogyasri Trust, said that the decision was taken based on the complaints of fund misuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670706", "title": "Stark reality: Nothing\u2019s too vulgar to show", "text": "MUMBAI: A drama queen host shoots off vulgar, sexually explicit questions at a contestant on her show. On another show, young men are made to slide over the oiled bodies of white women as a \"task\". And the latest indignity meted out to a contestant was to administer him an enema when his partner failed to answer a GK question.The bizarre world of Indian reality shows seems to be hitting new nadirs with every passing season.It's a deterioration that has caused some serious concern to onlookers but reality show producers are unapologetic, maintaining that they are not showing anything objectionable.What's more, even contestants play along in this clearly TRP-garnering game-a former contestant points out that reality shows are surefire launch pads for a career in soaps, and participants are willing to do just about anything for this.Any wonder then that the vulgarity on Indian television continues unabated?When Taranjit Kaur Raina could not name the First Lady of America during a general knowledge task on MTV's reality show Roadies, her partner's response was to unzip his jeans. Vinay Abhishek slumped his head, walked fatalistically towards a wooden cabin and allowed a plastic tube to be inserted into his anus. What followed was a montage of tortured facial expressions, teeth-clenching , squeals and Abhishek scurrying to the bathroom.\"Enema is a medical procedure to pump in a liquid that will clean up the intestines. Indigestion ka sara saamaan bahar nikal aata hai,\" the show's host Ranvvijay Singh says, nonchalantly chewing gum.Enema could soon also be a procedure that television audiences get used to, given the increasingly indigestible nature of reality shows. From pixelated vital organs and Brazilian waxing to spanking and licking chilli sauce off skimpily clad women, the world of reality TV is busy creating new lows for itself with every passing season.\"I am appalled by reality shows in general,\" says Arunabh Kumar, whose collective 'The Viral Fever' did a hilarious spoof of the Roadies auditions on Youtube . Called Rowdies , it shows a lookalike of Raghu Ram barking pointlessly at a contestant who, unlike the ones in the original show, knows his answers. \"You think this is a reality show?\" Ram shouts. \"This is Rowdies. This is life.\"And life is the gap between enemas and nudity. Likening reality show \"tasks\" (contestants being asked to slide over the oiled bodies of white girls, for instance) to \"soft porn\" , Kumar quips that he fears reality shows might actually slide into the territory of the recently released The Hunger Games, where contestants are forced to kill one another to survive. He is also genuinely concerned about the branding of reality show winners as youth icons.\"That is why we are coming out with a show called The Reality, where we will feature people who are cool in the true sense,\" he says.It's isn't just Roadies-objectionable content is on offer everywhere. In an episode of Gazab Desh Ki Ajab Kahaniyaan , host Rakhi Sawant threw questions at her guest, a crossdresser named Phool Babu, that were astounding in their vulgarity. Not only was Babu asked to reveal how he spent his first night with his wife but also the circumstances that led to her conceiving. \"When did you find out that your husband was a man?\" Rakhi asked the pregnant wife, who even answered the question. \"Did you feel good inside when you found out?\" she probed further, receiving a nod in reply. \"What kind of good?\" she continued, making the wife blush and cover her face with her saree.According to Siddharth Tewary, producer of serials such as Agle Janam Mohe Bitiya Hi Kijo, reality show audiences are intelligent enough to know that drama is manufactured. \"Yet, they watch it for the surprise element,\" he says. Unlike soaps, which he compares to \"dal chawal\" as they have to be consumed every day in order to establish a connect, \"in most reality shows, you can watch any episode and so there is a constant effort to make the audience stop while surfing channels\".The quest for new nadirs, then, is clearly a shot at TRPs. But Raghu Ram, the angry bald man and executive producer of Roadies, says the only thing that makes reality shows work is human drama. \"My focus is to keep pulling the rug from under the feet of the contestants , to push them out of their comfort zone, fluster them and draw genuine emotions . I'm not showing anything objectionable-the only thing I'm showing is a shocking thought,\" he says, adding that every bizarre task on the show is first tested on crew. So did he get an enema? \"No, but another crew member who suffered from acidity did; it's very good for you,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673304", "title": "First look of Tarantino's next unveiled", "text": "Quentin Tarantino's next film after his glorious Inglourious Basterds is already raising one's expectations. The film is the first Western that Tarantino is directing and stars Leonardo DiCaprio in a negative role! The poster of the film was released this week and as all Tarantino's films go, this one too goes for a minimalist design.Set in the South two years before the Civil War, Django Unchained stars Jamie Foxx as Django, a slave whose brutal history with his former owners lands him face-to-face with German-born bounty hunter Dr King Schultz ( Christoph Waltz ). Schultz is on the trail of the murderous Brittle brothers, and only Django can lead him to his bounty. The unorthodox Schultz acquires Django with a promise to free him upon the capture of the Brittles - dead or alive.Success leads Schultz to free Django, though the two men choose not to go their separate ways. Instead, Schultz seeks out the South's most wanted criminals with Django by his side. Honing vital hunting skills, Django remains focused on one goal - finding and rescuing Broomhilda ( Kerry Washington ), the wife he lost to the slave trade long ago.Django and Schultz's search ultimately leads them to Calvin Candie (DiCaprio), the proprietor of \"Candyland,\" an infamous plantation where slaves are groomed by trainer Ace Woody ( Kurt Russell ) to battle each other for sport. Exploring the compound under false pretenses, Django and Schultz arouse the suspicion of Stephen (Samuel L Jackson), Candie's trusted house slave. Their moves are marked, and a treacherous organization closes in on them. If Django and Schultz are to escape with Broomhilda, they must choose between independence and solidarity, between sacrifice and survival...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "12674982", "title": "Army the best career option: General V K Singh to students", "text": "UDAIPUR: Army chief General V K Singh on Sunday inspired school children to opt for a career in the defence forces, saying it is the best choice for students coming out of a good school.Addressing students and faculty at the Maharan Mewar Public School at Shikarbadi on Sunday as the chief guest at its annual function, the Army chief praised the school administration for good quality of education.\"The school management has drafted and readied its educational programs for the overall development of children. And for children who have come out of such a well-managed school joining army is the best career option,\" General Singh said.Earlier in the morning the Army chief arrived at Maharana Pratap Airport here at about 8.30am by a special aircraft and straightaway boarded a helicopter which flew him to the Eklinggarh Military Station.His program in the cant was not made public.He later drove in a carcade to the school and addressed the students and the faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669050", "title": "Indian Mujahiddeen operative Kamal Hassan helped Bhatkal bros smuggle in bombs", "text": "BANGALORE: The anti-terrorist squad of the state police will soon take the arrested associate of notorious Bhatkal brothers, Indian Mujahiddeen operative Kamal Hassan , to the coastal town in Uttara Kannada district, police sources said.Only last month, a special team comprising Delhi and Bangalore police officers had visited Bhatkal with three terror suspects and scoured for a house where the brothers had allegedly stored huge quantity of explosives. The Central Crime Branch of the city police had recently arrested Hassan, 34, from Kolkata.Hassan is suspected to be a key aide of the Bhatkal brothers who have remained elusive. Police are confident that with Hassan's arrest, they are closing in on the fugitive brothers, who are suspected to have masterminded various acts of terror across the country.\"Hassan had visited Bangladesh several times before coming in contact with Bhatkal brothers. He has travelled across the country and has good knowledge of cities like Bangalore and Hyderabad. He is believed to have helped Bhatkal brothers smuggle huge quantities of explosives into India,\" the sources said. Meanwhile, Hyderabad police have arrived in the city to question Hassan in connection to 2007 twin bomb blasts in the Andhra Pradesh capital which claimed 42 lives.Investigations revealed that Hassan had lived in Andhra Pradesh for some weeks in 2006. \"But we are not sure where he stayed. During his stay, three more men had accompanied him. One of them was T Naseer, the prime accused in 2008 Bangalore serial blasts,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12668404", "title": "Andheri, Himachal Pradesh youths held for possessing hashish worth Rs 25 lakh", "text": "The Narcotics Control Bureau busted a major drug cartel with the arrest of two youths, allegedly involved in the hashish trade, on Friday evening.The duo, Rohit Rana of Himachal Pradesh and Arijit Nag alias Abir of Lokhandwala in Andheri, were nabbed for possessing 5.5 kg of hashish.The hashish was worth over Rs 25 lakh in the international market, said sleuths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670510", "title": "Seventh floor balcony crashes, no one injured", "text": "GURGAON: The seventh floor balcony in a Unitech Harmony Country Yard apartment collapsed on Thursday night. The owners have lodged a complaint against the builder. No arrests have been made so far in the matter and no one was reported injured.The residents of Harmony Country Yard apartments in Gurgaon were taken aback when the balcony of the seventh floor flat collapsed. The balcony was hanging in the air for quite some time. Luckily, no one was injured in the accident.These are among the upscale apartments of the city, constructed by Unitech Builders. The residents have filed a complaint with the police. Ravi Raj and Ajit Singh, residents of Harmony Country Yard apartments, said that although the building was only one year old, it was in a poor condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673394", "title": "The cleavage debate", "text": "On March 30, National Cleavage Day was trending on Twitter. Commodification! cried women. Valid reason to stare, said the men. Life! brings you a saucy 3-corner discussion.Om March 30, a lingerie brand inducted 10 celebrities into the Cleavage Hall of Fame, with British beauty Holly Willoughby at number 1. A group of women strutted around London in almost nothing, celebrating National Cleavage Day, an event imagined by a global lingerie brand. Any chance that an Indian could have made it to the list? Starlet Poonam Pandey certainly thinks so. She wished twitterati, happy cleavage day, with a 'woo hoo!' Brand manager with the lingerie firm said, \"It is a day for women to realise that their cleavage is something unique and that they should be proud of it.\" We wonder how unique they can remain, and for how long, when it's now household to walk into a surgeon's clinic , point at a pick-your-cleavage chart, and blurt, \"I'll have that one, please.\"The Bollywood writer with a mindAdvaita Kala: It was started as a publicity stunt by a brassiere brand, and is a marketing gimmick to sell more bras. That's it. I see it as crass commercialisation. Women hold far more within that's worth celebrating than a cleavage. Maybe the brand should contribute to something that truly 'lifts' a woman's position in society. They certainly have enough money and public relation spin gurus on their payroll.The sexy number designerRaakesh Aggarval: It's my job to make the cleavage look sexy. Let's admit it, it's what makes a woman, desirable. This summer, I've worked on transparent corsets and sexy bras lined with sequins, in a bid to highlight a shapely cleavage. The trick is to play hide-and-seek rather than be in-your-face. Actresses Anushka Sharma , Malaika Arora Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez and Deepika Padukone top my list of women with a desirable cleavage. They know the art of accentuating it. My female clients in Delhi are super-confident, and love their plunging necklines.The you-can-have anything plastic surgeonDr Tejinder Bhatti: It's all around, so who do you blame? The media flashes images of women with perfect cleavages at readers. Designers are crafting outfits with low necklines that demand you sport perfect breasts. It's become a vital component of the flawless woman's body. Large, perky, well-rounded breasts are part of a larger Indian obsession. Which is why Mallika Sherawat is a hit with men. But of course, she's had implants. Women as young as 20, and single, are opting for breast augmentation procedures, and the numbers are only growing. Any woman with a non-cleavage knows she can go out there and get herself the best cleavage in town.Like with most events that make news, including the cricket World Cup , starlet Poonam Pandey used Cleavage Day as an opportunity to hog the limelight. 'Woo hoo, how should I celebrate? I celebrate it every day,\" she tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661852", "title": "Arjun Rampal-Chitrangda starrer has 6 title options", "text": "The Arjun Rampal-Chitrangda starrer which was tentatively titled Inkaar will now choose from several title options. We've come to know that the film's producers Viacom 18 and director Sudhir Mishra have zeroed in on 6 titles.Says Sudhir Mishra, \"We've zeroed in on six titles. They are Inkaar, Dream Factory, Power Play, Agency, Yeh Kahan Aa Gaye Hum and The Boss . Our film is about gender politics and power play in a corporate house. Given this brief we'll decide which title suits the film the best and we'll go by it.\"We hear Arjun loves the title Inkaar while Chitrangda is all for the title Power Play . Director Sudhir Mishra agrees with Chitrangda's choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673963", "title": "MP seeks probe into HDK's claim", "text": "MYSORE: Lok Sabha member A H Vishwanath on Friday shot off a letter to Union home minister P Chidamabram and defence minister A K Anthony, demanding an inquiry into the claims made by former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy that many brokers involved in defence purchases approached him while his father H D Deve Gowda was Prime Minister. However, Gowda had swiftly denied Kumaraswamy's claim.At a press meet here, Vishwanath said on the face of it, the issue appears to be insignificant, but it has its own connotations.\"When a statement has come from responsible persons like Kumaraswamy and Gowda, it becomes imperative on the part of the government to probe their claims,\" he said, adding that even if Kumaraswamy has made this statement in a lighter vein, inquiry would stop politicians from making irresponsible statements and claims.Vishwanath said the father-son duo should be questioned to find the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12679872", "title": "Rural India would banish open defecation in 10 years: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "MUMBAI: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh today said rural areas of the country will be free of open defecation within a decade.\"All the 2,65,000 gram panchayats in the country will be open defecation-free in 10 years,\" he told a seminar here.He agreed that Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan should be considered more than just a toilet-building programme.\"It highlights the concerns about privacy, security and dignity of women,\" he said, and assured that the campaign would be revamped.In the past, toilet-building programmes of governments were half-hearted endeavours, with the exception of Maharashtra where a third of the gram panchayats are \"open defecation free\", Ramesh said.But now even a state such as Haryana, considered to be having \"a patriarchal\" society, had taken up the challenge in a big way with the slogan 'sauchalaya nahi to dulhan nahi' (no bride if there is no toilet), he said.Quoting 2011 census data, the minister said 60 per cent of village households still do not have access to proper toilet facilities. He praised the success of Sikkim and Himachal Pradesh on this front, apart from that of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675236", "title": "A day after, 30,000 phones on blink", "text": "BHOPAL: It will take another two days for mobile service to get normal and three days to fully restore the internet connectivity. The telephone and internet connectivity went haywire on Friday after a major fire broke out in the BSNL exchange in Royal Market area. At least 30,000 phones went out of order and 9,000 internet connections were down in Bhopal on Saturday. BSNL engineers, who were called from other offices, including Hoshangabad and Khandwa for assistance, have been pressed into service to finish repair work.BSNL GM Mahesh Shukla claimed that internet services would be resolved in next three days. For landline connections, particularly around 10,000 connections in the old city, it will take more than a month's time to get operational.\"Overloading\" of machines is being seen as the reason for short-circuit in cables that spread the fire engulfing the top two floors of the four-storeyed building of the exchange in busy Royal market area. Though the loss is worth several crores, the exact amount would be ascertained later,\" Shukla said.Services are expected to get normal within a day or two. \"Separate responsibilities have been entrusted with officials for restoring the mobile, landline and internet connections.The officials also said that till the repair work is continuing at the city exchange, \"its load is being transferred to other exchange and mobile towers to restore the services.\" The BSNL CGM will address the media on Sunday to present the exact picture, the officials added.In the fire that began in wee hours of Friday, around 16 persons, including the BMC's firemen and BSNL employees were hospitalized. Fire tenders from the CISF and army also helped douse the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669372", "title": "Tussle over society led to joke mail arrests", "text": "KOLKATA: The arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra may have been shown as a defamation case by chief minister Mamata Banerjee and the police, but many suspect the involvement of a Trinamool Congress-backed building material syndicate that Ambikesh Mahapatra and his co-accused Subrata Sengupta opposed.Trinamool Congress leader Arup Mukherjee and the three others arrested on Saturday for assaulting Ambikesh are well-known building material suppliers in the area.Locals claimed that Mukherjee controls a syndicate that supplies material and was trying to wrest control of the Garia housing society's board where the professor lives. With his connections with the ruling Trinamool, Mukherjee managed to bag most of the supply orders.His aim was to have a say in the sale of society property and control over membership. When they tried to meddle with the co-operative, Ambikesh and Sengupta opposed their illegal activities. This angered the syndicate, which dubbed the professor pro-CPM.Residents claimed Ambikesh was assaulted to teach him a lesson and impose the Trinamool's control on society administration. The row between Mukherjee and the existing board escalated as the society election (on May 20) is drawing near.On Thursday night, Mukherjee allegedly went to the society office to collect his payment, said Nepal Sarkar, president of the society. \"Nearly 100 plots are vacant. Arup and his aides know they can get a huge share in land deals if they control the board,\" he said.Executive members of the existing board believe their predecessors were trying to regain control with the help of the ruling Trinamool and had convinced party leaders that it was dominated by \"CPM supporters like Ambikesh Mahapatra\".Such construction syndicates sprouted after land was transferred to co-operative societies to build to housing estates during the Left Front regime. The syndicates force realtors and co-operative societies to enlist them and supply inferior material at inflated prices.Past members of the co-operative society of Mahapatra's complex were allegedly involved in illegal land transfer that encouraged such syndicates, said sources. After the likes of Ambikesh and Sengupta took over, things improved.By then, Mukherjee and his aides had emerged as prominent syndicate members and grown in strength as local Trinamool leaders.The housing society was formed in 1976 on 136 bighas. The plot was divided into 560 sub-plots. Within a few years, most of the plots were sold but the rates of the unsold ones skyrocketed.A resident alleged the previous board had cheated people. \"They took advance from one party for a single plot and sold it to another,\" he alleged. \"Intentionally, they did not induct new residents as members as they protested against the earlier board's ways,\" said Sarkar.Kolkata: There is more to it than meets the eye in the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee and the police may have made it look like a simple case of defamation, but investigations point to the involvement of a building material syndicate, allegedly backed by Trinamool Congress, which Ambikesh and Subrata Sengupta had opposed.Arup Mukherjee and the three others arrested on Saturday for assaulting Mahapatra and Sengupta are well-known building material suppliers in the area.Such syndicates have been operating ever since land started being transferred to housing co-operative societies during the Left Front rule.According to sources, those in charge of the co-operative society of Ambikesh's complex in the past were allegedly involved in illegal land transfer that encouraged such syndicates. After people like Ambikesh and Sengupta took over, things changed for the better. However, by then, men like Mukherjee, who lives just outside the housing complex, had emerged as prominent members of the syndicate.They rode the Trinamool wave and established themselves as local-level leaders. When they tried to get involved with the co-operative though, they came up against the professor and Sengupta who wouldn't allow anything illegal.Residents of the housing society suspect the attack on the duo was meant to teach them a lesson and control the society administration. The housing society is divided into 560 sub-plots. Most of them are sold but the price of the rest has hit the sky. The society reserves the rights to sell the plots and the amount goes to society's development fund, said a member. \"Intentionally, the ealier board did not induct new residents as members, said Nepal Sarkar, president of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669283", "title": "Race for Panjab University Vice-Chancellor's post hots up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the search by an expert committee to find the next vice-chancellor of Panjab University has been put on hold by PU chancellor Hamid Ansari , lobbying has begun in various quarters.The tenure of VC R C Sobti expires on July 22 and the university chancellor's office has formed a panel of experts on February 9 to name three suitable candidates. The panel included Justice (Retd) Leila Seth as convener and Dr P Rama Rao and I S Chadha, former IFS officer, as members. The following names are doing the rounds for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669147", "title": "Weather plays spoilsport at Mati ke Rang", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first day of ongoing cultural event \"Mati ke Rang\" at parade ground, Sector 5, Panchkula, got a lukewarm response because of the bad weather and rainfall. People came from different states to put up their stalls with their famous dishes but because the sitting arrangements were in open, people could not enjoy the food. The rain destroyed almost all the sitting arrangements made for people. \"Today was the first day and everything was going fine, people were coming and enjoying Gujarati food, but towards late afternoon it started raining and everybody scattered to find shelter,\" said Nayan Patel from Gujarat.The traders who had come from different states had to go through many problems as a lot of the stuff they were selling, including spices, got spoiled because of the rain. \"People of Chandigarh were enjoying Rajasthani food and we were getting good response. A lot of them had especially come to taste dal bati churma, a famous dish of Rajasthan, but rain spoiled it all and it turned out to be a flop show\" said Goverdhan from Udaipur, Rajasthan.\"The entire event was beautiful and worth watching, but my favourite section was the food court. There was a huge variety of food items of different states at reasonable prices. There were few stalls where I could not go because it started raining and we had to go and find a shelter\" said Priya Chauhan, a resident of Sector 15, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12668449", "title": "Gold earring found in laddu", "text": "TIRUPATI: Devotees who eagerly consume the famous Tirupati laddu in the past have come across foreign objects in the prasadam in the form of nails, hair etc. But for the first time, Soore Reddappa found a gold ear piercing in his laddu when he wanted to have the divine offering in his home on Saturday.A 32-year-old goldsmith, Reddappa, had his darshan of the Lord on Friday and returned to his native Beerangi Kotta Kota in Chittoor district on Saturday after buying 16 laddus.The gold piercing that he found in one of the laddus weighed 400 milligrams and is valued at approximately Rs 1,500. However, more than the value, being a goldsmith, an elated Reddappa was of the view that it was a divine message from the Lord urging him to continue with the good work.\"We consider this to be lucky as we performed puja on an auspicious day like Friday. We are a family of professional goldsmiths, so we immediately knew that it was original gold,\" Reddappa told TOI over phone.In the past, devotees have stumbled upon unwanted items such as gutka packets, bamboo and small iron bolts or nails in the laddus. But something like this never has happened.Saying that this was perhaps the first time that gold was found in a laddu, TTD sources said that workers in the Potu usually wear gold earrings. In this case, one worn by the worker must have fallen and got mixed in the laddu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668645", "title": "Worli memorial gets global boost", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan declared on Saturday tenders from global firms would be invited to design the memorial of Dr B R Ambedkar at Indu Mills in Worli.Chavan, who paid his respects at Chaityabhoomi on the occasion of the freedom fighter's 122nd birth anniversary, reiterated that a memorial would be built on the mill plot. \"The state and central governments have arrived at a consensus on the issue. The memorial will comply with environmental laws,\" he added.In view of the state's alleged lethargy in arriving at a consensus on the contentious issue, activists had threatened that they would forcibly enter the heavily-guarded compound and perform bhoomipujan.The announcement was welcomed by Ambedkar's followers. \"However, with the CM making a promise, our campaign seems to be on the right track,\" said Anandraj Ambedkar, president of Republican Sena.According to state's formula, a land reservation will be imposed on the 12.5-acre mill plot and the additional floor space index or transfer of development rights will be handed over to National Textile Corporation (NTC) as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668722", "title": "Telangana 'Bharosa' yatra from tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buoyed by the success of Telangana Poru Yatra, Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM)'s Andhra Pradesh unit has now decided to organise Telangana 'Bharosa' (assurance) yatra from Monday.The eleven-day march will start from Alampur village in Mahbubnagar district and pass through all the ten districts of Telangana, BJYM state president Kasam Venkateswarlu said.The objective was to infuse confidence among the people, particularly the youth, to persuade them not to take extreme steps, and to send out a message that BJP was the only party which would fulfill the aspirations of the people, he said. Former minister Bandaru Dattatreya would flag off the yatra on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670309", "title": "Woman arrested for printing fake currency", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 42-year-old woman has been arrested for allegedly printing fake Indian currency at her residence. Alka Grover worked with two others and the fake currency was supplied in Punjab, Haryana and Delhi. Police found currency of Rs 26,000 face value and are searching for her co-accused, Tejender and Vinod. Grover and her husband were earlier arrested in a murder case. She is out on bail.While most of the fake notes were of Rs 500 denomination, Rs 100 and Rs 50 notes were also seized. \"These fake currency notes are of fine quality and the standard security features like water mark, security thread and the paper used are of a high standard,\" said DCP (outer) BS Jaiswal.On Friday, police received a tip-off that three persons were making fake notes at Vijay Vihar, and a trap was laid. Police said Alka Grover's husband is accused of murdering a man 11 years ago over a property dispute. \"She was also involved in this murder. After one and a half years, she was given regular bail while her husband was convicted and is still behind bars. After being released, Alka bought a house at Vijay Vihar and started working at CBCD Charitable Trust, Janakpuri,\" said a senior police officer.Police said the financial condition of Grover's family grew worse as her husband remained behind bars and her children were studying. \"When she went to meet her husband in jail, she came into contact with Tejender and Vinod and took up their offer of joining their fake currency business,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674798", "title": "Law to curb black money will end corruption: Jethmalani", "text": "INDORE: Former Union law minister and senior Supreme Court lawyer Ram Jethmalani said that if new regulation to check black money came into effect, it would give an end to corruption in the country.Addressing the students at a seminar organized by Indore Institute of Law here on 'Money laundering regulation- A tool to curb corruption, Jethmalani said that if he were the prime minister, he would travelled to get back the money stashed in foreign banks.He stressed that if new regulation to curb black money came into being, it would help end corruption in the country.He also said that a good lawyer should never loose conscious and indulge in wrong doing. \"One should be honest and work hard to win cases for their clients,\" said Jethmalani.On the occasion, chairman of the institute Akshay Bam and senior advocate Anand Mohan Mathur talked about the need to strengthen the laws to curb corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12669161", "title": "North zone cultural centre's silver jubilee brings diverse cultures together", "text": "PANCHKULA: It's more of a cultural interaction at the fest with the people of different states of the country than a bazaar to buy craft work. On Saturday morning, locals were seen sitting and having conversation regarding their respective lifestyle, culture, habits with the people of different states in city for NZCC's silver jubilee celebrations. People were found hanging around Leh Ladakh, Nagaland , Jharkhand , West Bengal and Puducherry, stalls to strike a conversation with people from these states.The Zonal Culture Centre is holding its silver jubilee celebrations at the parade ground, Sector-5, Panchkula, through a four-day fest from April 13 to 16. The fest was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA Chief Sonia Gandhi was the chief guest. The seven zones were open to public on Saturday.\"We can buy craft items any time but cannot get quality time with our brothers and sisters from other states. We want to know about their culture and lifestyle - how they live, what they do when they are happy, what they eat, pets they keep and many other things,\" said Gayatri, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula. Gayatri was seen in conversation with Leh Ladakh women. She added, \"I also asked these women how they manage to wear heavy clothes and jewellery in day-to-day wear.\"\"It's great to come here and to be able to have a conversation with locals who are talking about their lifestyle and culture. We also performed bhangra together. We will surely take back sweet memories with us from here,\" said Sri Yang Cul from Ladakh. She added, \"We did taste the food here and it's very different, especially tandoori food and halwa in sweet dish.\"\"It's like we have been able to see the whole of India together at one place. Though the craft items which they have got from their native place are very nice but we are more interested in talking to them. I feels like we have been transported to a different state altogether,\" said Ramdheer, a resident of Sector 21, Panchkula, who had come with his family. Ramdheer was quite interested in chatting with people from Nagaland. He added, \"In fact a visit to this place rather adds to the knowledge base, and that is the reason I have got my kids here.\"\"We are not too bothered about the sale as we really want to take memorable moments along with us. People visiting our stall want to know what we do there, what kind of work is popular and at what time we sleep,\" said Rosteer from Puducherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670213", "title": "Sodomy: East Delhi boy lodges complaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old boy from Jagatpuri area in east Delhi has alleged that his friend's father has been sodomizing him for a month.Delhi Police has registered a case but a medical examination of boy is yet to be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673632", "title": "\u2018I sell confidence\u2019", "text": "... says the woman we thought made her million from selling clothes. Veteran American designer Diane von Furstenberg spent a Sunday evening with Nona Walia during her recent visit to India.The view from Diane von Furstenberg's private royal wing at a five-star in the capital overlooks the heart of Lutyens Delhi. It's the setting sun's failing light filtering through the spring flowers that she sees when she stands by a large window, twirling a pair of tortoise shell spectacles distractedly in her hand.The 64-year-old walks around the suite barefoot; possibly one of many traditions from India she has grown a fascination for. It's the Belgium-born American designer's second visit to the country, and she's already a fan - of the sari, the colours, and chaos. \"I spent a lifetime dedicated to making women look good. I understand women and create magic for them,\" she says, looking to summarise a career spanning 40 years. It's a career that started with a $30,000 investment as soon as she was married to Prince Egon von Furstenberg of Germany, because she \"wanted to be someone of my own.\"That she did, when she introduced her signature, body-hugging jersey wrap dress in the 1970s, and saw it slowly become a symbol of the women's liberation movement. What made it work? Go, ask Michelle Obama.Excerpts from the interview:Celebrated French shoemaker Christian Louboutin just got here. Roberto Cavalli is about to launch two stores and a cafe in India. Why is India suddenly attractive to Western designers?For most of us, it's an important time to be here; fashion is moving forward. There's a certain energy in the industry here. Everyone wants to be a part of it.So, when can India expect a Diane von Furstenberg store?We have been exploring the Indian market for new opportunities, and I'm sure I will be setting up something wonderful soon. I'm taking off to Nepal and then Bhutan. When I'm back, I have a day which I've reserved to explore real estate options to set up shop. For now, I'm happy selling through Priya's (Sachdev Chatwal) store. I have my best line there, and the business is good.Western luxury brands aren't quite making profits yet. Landing suitable store space is a headache , they admit. Foreign direct investment in retail is locked in political disagreement. Why would a brand like yours desire to invest in India?For me, it would be a gradual and slow move into India. The demand exists, as is evident from the business we are doing through Priya's store. Brands are willing to invest and wait it out since they know this is a key market for the future.You've been quoted saying India has everything, it needs nothing. But the fashion design industry here is marred by the lack of original design ideas and direction.India is a land of organised chaos; there's chaos within chaos, but from it, emerges harmony. That's what this country is about. It's tough for me to comment on Indian fashion, but I'd say the challenge for designers here is to find a way to meet tradition with modernity.As president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, and someone who promotes new talent, what would you say young Indian designers should focus on?Stand for something of their own. They should develop a personality, an identity that inspires people. They should create clothes that make sense.Clothes can affect the mind, is your philosophy. \"When someone like Madonna wants to try to show her brain, rather than the rest , at a conference in Israel or a book launch, it's interesting that she chooses to wear one of my dresses,\" you said to a journalist once. Is the 'dress for women with a mind' just a smart sales pitch?I sell confidence. My clothes are practical and flattering. I empower women through great clothes. When I created that little wrap dress, it was a miracle. Forty years later, it still works. That's why Michelle Obama chose to wear it for the picture printed on the official White House Christmas card. There's a reason why my outfits are being studied by students.You are known to be a champion of women's rights. Ninety-seven per cent of our workforce is female. Some argue that a designer should just design. What would you say?There comes a time when you start giving back to society. Having turned into an empowered woman, I feel the need to mentor others. And I do it through my clothes, I do it through my words, through my money.The 3rd edition of Women in the World Summit held last month in New York, saw attendance by Meryl Streep and Hillary Clinton. What was it like?The summit brings together extraordinary women leaders and advocates from around the world to find solutions to the challenges facing women and girls. I started the conference with Tina Brown (editor and author). Meryl Streep, Hillary Clinton, Tina and I were backstage, when one of them said, \"Look what you've started. It's awesome!\" It's my way of giving back. I became a successful designer, thanks to women who I made clothes for.You visited Udaipur and tweeted about the Gangaur Festival that honours Goddess Gauri. What memories are you taking back?I visited Udaipur with my husband; it was a beautiful experience. We sat on a boat and sailed in the lake while watching the celebrations. It was fascinating.Any chance that India will work as inspiration for a forthcoming collection?  It's impossible not to be inspired by India. I've taken over a thousand photographs of motifs, patterns and colours. India has it all. I must say, this is the most inspiring place on earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat/ankleshwar", "code": "12672655", "title": "\u2018Centre responsible for groundnut oil price rise\u2019", "text": "SURAT/ANKLESHWAR: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi said central government's wrong decision to ban cotton export led to increase in the prices of groundnut and cottonseed oil. He was in Surat on Friday to give away awards to sarpanchs of Samras gram panchayats of south Gujarat.Modi said, \"In our country, only six per cent of people consume groundnut oil. Most consume cottonseed oil. Congress-led central government banned export of cotton. This affected the cottonseed availability and led to escalation in cottonseed and groundnut oil prices.\"He advised sarpanchs to take steps to construct toilets for every house in their villages so that women folk do not have to go out in the open to answer nature's call. Modi also suggested production of organic fertilizer from garbage dumps. \"There is a garbage pit at every village. People can make use of it and produce organic fertilizer.This fertilizer will be best for our crops.\"He said in many countries women have to fight for their rights.However, in India, thanks to Babasaheb Ambedkar , they enjoy equal rights along with men. We have made 33 per cent reservation for them in the civic bodies. There are 275 panchayats in the state, which have only women members, the chief minister said.Earlier, he visited Ankleshwar at the inaugural ceremony of Para Cresol plant of Lalbhai Group company Atul Limited. Modi said people criticize Gujarat with a view to tarnish its image. Some people do not like the state to progress and want the investment to shift towards Maharashtra. He said Japanese, Chinese and Korean companies are investing heavily in Gujarat. One of the most ambitious and largest desalination project is coming up at Dahej, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668709", "title": "'Implement government schemes'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government employees from minority communities under the aegis of All Minority Employees Welfare Association of Andhra Pradesh (Mewa) highlighted the need for effective execution of central and state welfare schemes for minorities.Addressing presspersons on Saturday, members of Mewa remarked that the benefits of various central and state government schemes for minorities are not reaching the communities due to lack of awareness. \"The four percent reservation for Muslims by the state government in education and employment is not being properly executed. The central government should also speedily implement the 4.5 percent reservation that they promised,\" said Abdul Rasheed, chairman Mewa.Syed Hussain, state president Mewa, demanded reservations in promotions for Muslims in government services along the lines of promotions given to SCs and STs. P Permanas pointed out that the subsidy on Jerusalem tour for Christians has been long delayed and needs to be implemented soon. The members also informed that scholarship amount worth Rs 300 crore meant for post-matriculation students was pending with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12677259", "title": "Malaysian Airlines plane returns due to technical glitch", "text": "BANGALORE: A Kuala Lumpur-bound Malaysian Airlines plane with 151 people on board was forced to return 90 minutes after it took off from here today following a technical problem, leaving its passengers stranded at the airport.The MH-193 flight landed back safely one and a half hours after it took-off at 0118 hours, the Bangalore international airport sources said.All the passengers are safe, they said, while clarifying that it was a normal landing.The plane is scheduled to depart later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670247", "title": "State tourism development body to outsource 30 properties", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has planned to outsource as many as 30 of its properties in the state, particularly on the coastal belt, to private players to promote tourism at these sites. The public-private partnerships, which will be based on a revenue-sharing model, will help MTDC provide better tourist facilities at these spots, some of which are virgin beaches on the Konkan coast, such as Erangal, Mithbav, Kunkeshwar, Kashid, Surekhar and Alibaug.Jagdish Patil, managing director, MTDC, said, \"We will also help private players investing in MTDC's properties to get permissions from various government departments, raising funds from different institutes, and support in acquisition of land, among other things. We will float the Expression of Interest tenders, after which private investors will give us their proposals.\"Patil added that 50% of MTDC's resorts are already outsourced. \"Any government, no matter how rich it is, cannot provide all the tourist facilities on its own. Partnership with the private sector is essential to generate revenue, build quality infrastructure and promote tourism,\" he said.Another MTDC official added that private players will have attractive plans to promote tourism at these places. \"The public sector has certain limitations in terms of lack of manpower and the like. The public-private partnership will help create more tourist facilities in areas with tourist potential. The aim is to develop and promote tourist places - such as spots along the Konkan coast - to people outside Maharashtra. The corporation will choose the most viable partnership,\" he said.The official added that the private partner will invest in the property, build the infrastructure there and later share the revenue with MTDC. \"MTDC's percentage share of revenue will depend on the kind of proposals we receive from private players. Currently, we are considering the outsourcing of virgin beach sites such as Erangal, Mithbav, Kunkeshwar, Kashid, Surekhar and Alibaug. These beaches are excellent tourist spots, but not that popular. Hence they should be promoted within and outside the state,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675208", "title": "Van Vihar deer to be shifted to 3 sanctuaries", "text": "BHOPAL: Van Vihar national park and zoo in the state capital is awaiting National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) and Wildlife Institute of India's (WII) advice to go ahead with the country's first and biggest ever shifting of spotted deer. Van Vihar is overpopulated with spotted deer and are being shifted to three sanctuaries in Madhya Pradesh.\"We are waiting for the advice of NTCA and WII, Dehradun, to take up India's first exercise of shifting 400 spotted deer (Chital) from Van Vihar Bhopal to three wildlife sanctuaries - Ratapani in Raisen district, Chidikoh in Rajgarh districtr and Ralamandal in Indore,\" Van Vihar assistant director Sudesh Waghmare told TOI. \"Such a large shifting of spotted deer has never been undertaken in the country. Park authorities have informed the NTCA and WII authorities about the shifting methodology. The plan is to shift them by road. They had some queries which we replied in our correspondence,\" Waghmare said. Van Vihar officials plan to shift the deer to other places in a bid to halve its population in the park. The national park is spread over an area of 445 hectares and is ideal to host 400 deer. However, as per the last year census the park have over 700 spotted deer. The figure is like to rise further.\"In first round we are going to take a herd of 15-20 deer only. We can't take any chance given that this beautiful animal is a very delicate mammal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670518", "title": "Beauty business glowing in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Three years ago, Sector 27-based Plum Salon used to get around three clients a day and the number has risen to 10 at present. Similar are the statistics of hundreds of beauty salons that have mushroomed in the city in recent years leading to a booming industry in the region.\"The city is a great market for beauty services. In the past five years, we have seen a rise of 90% in our demand and revenues,\" says Anita Pangasa, franchise owner of Habibs Hair and Beauty Salon which has been operating in Gurgaon since 2002.Parvesh Vuglani, owner of Fairy Vedic Spa &amp; Salon in Sector 14 which has been in the beauty business for 23 years now, says that the beauty industry in the city has seen a huge change in recent years. \"Today every lane in the city has a beauty parlour and while it is difficult to put a number to them, I can say there would be over 500 of them in the city at present,\" she says.According to Vuglani, the average spend of woman in the city varies from Rs 500 to Rs 2,500 per month.\"The NCR has seen an increase of 20% to 30% in the number of salons in recent years, particularly in the entrepreneurial ventures. For instance, if someone was having one salon they have gone in the expansion mode and open few more after taking a cue from the growing market,\" says Ritu Marya, director of Franchise India, which has compiled the first detailed report on salon business and consumption in India.As per the report, industry estimates peg the beauty salon market at Rs 6,900 crore in the country, which includes both services and the value of professional care products retailed through salons. \"Eight per cent of the total salon market (Rs 552 crore) is contributed by the Delhi-NCR region,\" says Marya.Manish Yadav, partner at beauty salon Bella Madonna in Gurgaon, said, \"We started with one salon five years ago and now we have a total of five in the city. One of the major reasons for choosing the city for our venture is that the city holds huge potential for beauty services with the MNC population that has come here in recent years. They are aware, educated and well travelled and have high purchasing power,\" he adds.Salon owners in the city say that the beauty services are no longer just the rich people's pride but are increasingly becoming affordable for the masses.\"Unlike previous years when only working women used to go to beauty parlours, now people from all strata and classes pamper themselves with beauty treatment,\" says Anita Punwany, manager at Plum Salon, which has seen both demand for its services and revenues double in the past four years.Interestingly, Gurgaon men too are getting more beauty-conscious than ever and flocking to salons. \"Male customers contribute to half of our business. If we have 10 clients per day, chances are that six of them will be men,\" said Pangasa. She adds that earlier men were just concerned about their hairstyle but now they are also conscious about their skin and experimenting with services like facials, among other treatments. As per the Franchise India report, 53% men visit a salon once a month and 20% visit a salon twice a month.Another reason for the soaring clientele in the region is a whole range of specialised services like nail spa and hair massage, among other things.As per the Franchise India report, the salon industry at present is largely unorganized, and will grow at an average rate of 30% over the next decade. The organised and semi-organized beauty services industry alone accounts for about Rs 1,600-1,800 crore, and a major stake lies with the unorganized players.\"The percentage of organized and unorganized players in the NCR is in the ratio of 10:90 but the good thing is that the unorganized section will move towards becoming organized faster with the entry of international players,\" said Marya.\"The entrepreneurial ventures in the region are coming up with tie-ups with global cosmetic brands like L'Oreal who give them their knowhow and train their staff, which is helping them get organized,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12670657", "title": "Man jumps to death at Sector 16 Metro station", "text": "NOIDA: Two people in their twenties, including a Delhi resident, allegedly committed suicide in the city on Saturday. While 23-year-old Shakeeb Hassan, an MSc in biotechnology who stayed at the IIT-Delhi campus, jumped off the platform railing at Sector 16 Metro station, Nidhi Chopra (29), a resident of Amritsar, ended her life by jumping off the terrace of a guesthouse in Sector 50. Both were victims of depression, said police sources. The bodies have been sent for autopsy.Shakeeb, who used to work with a biotech firm in Sector 63 as a sales engineer, had bought a ticket to travel from Sector 16 Metro station to Chandni Chowk around 12pm. He was last seen at the platform talking on his cellphone. Suddenly, he climbed up the railing and jumped onto the road, said witnesses. \"When our guards alerted us to the incident we found that Shabeek was gravely injured. We rushed him to Kailash Hospital,\" said an official of DMRC.\"On Saturday morning around 10am, Shakeeb had gone to consult a psychiatrist at Holy Family Hospital with his elder brother Dr Nabi Hassan - a librarian at IIT-Delhi. After the consultation, Shakeeb told his brother that he was going to work but did not reach his office,\" said a police official.Around 12.30pm, DMRC officials informed Shakeeb's colleague and his brother about the incident. Dr Hassan reached the hospital at 1pm. \"I had left him just a few hours earlier,\" said Dr Hassan explaining that his brother was suffering from depression since the last few months and was on medication. \"I am shocked that he has taken his own life,\" he said.In the second case, 29-year-old Nidhi Chopra allegedly jumped off the second floor terrace of a guesthouse in Sector 50.\"The incident occurred around 6am on Saturday morning,\" said a cop. \"Nidhi, accompanied by her in-laws and her one-month-old baby, had come to attend the wedding of her husband's cousin,\" said a police official. After attending the ring ceremony on Friday night, the family members went to sleep. The next morning, Nidhi's mother-in-law, Sudha Chopra, woke up to find that her daughter-in-law was missing. She alerted her husband, Ashwinin, who found her sitting on the railing of the terrace. He told telling her to return, but instead Nidhi decided to jump. She was rushed to NMC hospital in Sector 30 but was declared brought dead, said cops.\"Nidhi's father-in-law told us that she was suffering from depression. We have recorded the statement of family members,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12674287", "title": "Power cut after rain hits Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Life in this North Chotonagpur divisional headquarter, and its surrounding areas, has been paralyzed due to total power failure caused by hailstorm and rain.Following the rain on Thursday night, the city plunged into darkness and was without power for more than 45 hours. The authorities of JSEB Hazaribag division took a long time to detect the fault and restore power. The executive engineer of the Hazaribag Electrical Division, Rakesh Kumar, who was seen supervising the repairing of transmission line at the PTC Road, said both the 11000 KV and 440 volt transmission lines were totally damaged. He said the feeder catering to bulk of the consumers of Hazaribag town, including VIP areas was totally paralysed as a big mango tree fell on the transmission line. Since the storm took place just after midnight, lives of commuters on the busy road were saved.He said, \"Although in some areas power has been partially restored, majority of the town is still going without power as the repair work of the third feeder is still going on. He said due to this storm, the estimated damage was more than Rs 25 lakh in addition to the revenue losses. This correspondent found that the impact of the storm was so severe that some of the rail posts through which the transmission lines were taken were razed to ground.Due to the power crisis, all the commercial centres of the town, medical services and the blood bank on the Sadar hospital campus were affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669469", "title": "Kidnapped baby back with mother", "text": "NAGPUR: Within a day that a four-day-old baby boy was kidnapped from the Government Medical College and Hospital, the police cracked the case on Saturday. The newborn's mother, Shashikala Jibhkate, struggled to hold back tears after the baby was placed in her arms. She immediately identified her son and also the woman, later identified as Sujata Gondane. Shashikala had given her baby to Sujata, to look after for some time, until she returned from the X-ray room.Sujata, who claimed to be ailing from a disease, tried to mislead the cops claiming the baby to be hers. She even claimed the she delivered the baby on way to hospital in a rickshaw. Police said Sujata had been married for four years but had no issue. Shashikala claimed that the woman who took away her son, had offered Rs 3 lakh bribe for the baby.Senior inspector Rajendra Mayane of Ajni police station said the cops swung into action soon after receiving the complaint. \"The footprint of the stolen baby recorded by the doctors after the delivery and the one we traced matched. The baby boy had the hospital's tag tied to its hand which too matched with the records. We also found a piece of blue cloth with the boy at the room of the accused woman which too matched with the one that the mother had in possession,\" said Mayane.Head constable Rajendra Dumbhare of GMCH medical booth, who has a good network with the auto-rickshaw drivers, helped cracking the case. \"Police had prepared a sketch of the suspect which we showed to the local auto-rickshaw drivers as I knew that the woman with the kidnapped baby would need a vehicle to travel. The first clue came from auto-rickshaw driver Jeevan Bhagat who took us to Prakash Gote. It was Gote who remembered taking a woman with a baby to Shantinagar,\" said Dumbhare.Gote told TOI that the woman had come to him with a baby, hired the auto-rickshaw to Itwari station. \"We had fixed Rs 80 but she took me to Shantinagar and paid Rs 100. The baby was quiet. I did not see her suckle the baby which most of the woman would normally do during the ride,\" he said. It was Gote who guided the Ajni police team to the woman's house where she refused to recognize him.Sujata claimed that it was her baby whom she had delivered four hours ago. Her statement was supported by husband Paresh who works in Wardha. \"The baby looked pale and weak. Sujata was not being able to feed him. We took the baby to a woman in the neighbourhood who has recently delivered. She too tried to feed him but he was too weak to suckle,\" said Mayane. The police admitted Sujata to the hospital for examination to ensure whether she was pregnant or delivered before taking her into custody.Vice-dean and head, forensic department Dr PG Dixit said that Sujata was clinically examined but it seemed that she was neither pregnant nor delivered. \"We would still wait for the report from the radiology department before confirming about the accused woman's pregnancy claims,\" he said. \"Statement of the doctors and other paramedical staffers would be recorded,\" said Dr Dixit. He also said that the department would check whether Shashikala's first X-ray was really rejected and she had to be sent for a subsequent one.After the incident, the GMCH authorities are now planning to install more closes circuit televisions on the premises including outside the delivery wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672704", "title": "Miss India East 2010 ,Unnatii Davara to debut in Tollywood", "text": "It wasn't a 'tough' call when the offer to play an IPS officer in Agnidev Chatterjee's \"Teen Kanya\" came her way.Unnatii Davara, Miss India East 2010, was all for it. \"I'm so glad to be launched as an actor in a Bengali film and that too in Agnidev Chatterjee's venture. Bengali films are now talked about worldwide and I am proud of my Tollywood debut.I am also excited to work with two National Award-winning actors - Rituparna Sengupta and Ananya Chatterjee. I just got lucky after Miss India,\" she said. Unnatii will essay the role of Damini Sharma, an IPS officer, and she is excited about showcasing her acting prowess. To get under the skin of the character, she is currently learning the language. \"Ami Bangla shikchi. Ami ektu ektu Bangla bolte pari,\" she said.The director too is happy to have zeroed in on a 'perfect' cast. \"I felt that Unnatii is THE one. She is a perfect combination of beauty and brains and is eager to learn. I'm sure she'll go a long way\" said Agnidev. Rituparna Sengupta plays a journo in film, while Ananya is all set to essay the character of a rape victim.Unnatii will start shooting in Kolkata today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "12669888", "title": "Two killed, 10 injured in Dindigul clash", "text": "DINDIGUL: In a violent clash between two groups belonging to the same community, two men were hacked to death at Nilakottai in Dindigul district on Saturday. Ten others, including three women, were also injured by an attack unleashed by an armed group of 25 people. They have been admitted to Dindigul and Madurai government hospitals.\"We have arrested ten of the suspects involved in the attack and launched a hunt for 15 others,'' said Dindigul SP T Jayachandran who is camping in Vilambatti Muthalapuram village. A large number of policemen have been deployed in the village. An eerie silence followed the violence in the village as men from both the groups were on the run, out of fear of retaliation from the other group as well as police action, while women thronged the hospitals where their relatives were admitted.The incident was a fallout of an enmity between two groups belonging to the same community in the village. On Friday night, a person from one of the groups was assaulted by the other, prompting the rival group to retaliate. \"There has been a feud between two factions of the community in the village for years. There used to be occasional clashes between them, particularly during the Muthalamman temple festival every year. The festival began this year on April 10 and concluded on April 13 amidst tight security. Soon after the festival was over on Friday night, one of the villagers Vasanth was assaulted by the men from the other group. In retaliation, the men from the rival group hacked to death Sathish (28) and Pichai (45) on Saturday morning suspecting them to be behind the attack on Vasanth,'' said a police officer.Relatives of Sathish and Pichai who heard about the attack rushed to the village pond where the incident took place. But the armed gang of about 25 men who were hiding there, started attacking them . \"Ten of them sustained injuries in the attack. They had not expected the gang to remain there and attack them,'' police said.One of the victims, Pandiarajan suffered severe injuries and was rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai while others were taken to the government hospital in Nilakottai. Last year the temple festival was stopped midway due to rivalry between the two groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673607", "title": "People continue to enjoy pleasant weather", "text": "KANPUR: The city witnessed a dip in minimum temperature which brought respite for the people on Saturday evening. The maximum temperature remained above 35 degrees.The present pattern began after the rains and thunderstorm on Wednesday. The meteorologists predicted a rise in minimum and maximum temperature soon.Meanwhile, the weather remained pleasant for the third day with cloud covering the sun in the morning and afternoon. The people enjoyed the weather through picnics and shopping.The weatherman claimed that clouds, rain and cool wind was the result of western disturbances which also be responsible for rise in mercury. Temperature may remain the same on Sunday. The mercury may start going up in the coming week.The maximum temperature stood at 35.4 degrees while the minimum decreased to 15 degrees, two degrees less than that of Friday. However, the moisture was low in morning and evening. The humidity stood at 64 per cent in the morning and 28 per cent in the afternoon.\"The weather was awesome. The rain lasted for only 10 to 15 minutes on Wednesday but made the weather extremely pleasant. I took my family for a long drive,\" said a motorist in Kidwai Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12673740", "title": "Delhi civic polls: Around 20% voting till noon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Polling for Delhi municipal elections began on Sunday on a moderate note with around 20 per cent of the electorate exercising its franchise till noon.There were reports of delay in the start of voting at a few places due to malfunctioning of electronic voting machines (EVMs).No report of any untoward incident was received till around mid-day, election officials said. As many as 83,000 policemen were keeping a tight vigil across the capital where polling began at 8am. 77,000 officials are conducting the elections in over 11,543 voting stations.The fate of 2,423 candidates would be sealed in the polling being held for 272 wards of the three civic bodies -- East, South and North -- carved out of the existing Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). Counting of votes will take place on Tuesday.A State Election Commission official said 18 to 20 per cent voters cast their ballot till 12 noon.\"Lot of enthusiasm is being seen among people. Places like Malaviya Nagar and Vasant Vihar have so far registered a low turnout but I expect polling to pick up given the good weather,\" State Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta said.Mehta said the polling was progressing peacefully and there was no report of violence from any part of the city.Long queues were seen at some of the polling stations like Mahipalpur and Said-ul-Ajaib as morning walkers enthusiastically went to vote. A large number of senior citizens and women were also seen queueing up at the polling booths in the morning hours.\"Every body should vote. They should select the best people, whichever party they belong to,\" said 91-year-old Ratilal Shah, a voter in Chandni Chowk. He claimed that he had voted in all elections since Independence.In some polling booths, malfunctioning of EVMs delayed the start of voting with Mehta saying he had reports from eight to ten places about such incidents. EVMs malfunctioned in Sarita Vihar, Narela, Mandwali, Majnu ka Tila, Sadar Bazar and Gokulpuri among other places.\"There was delay in some places. However, the polling is now in full swing in all the locations. It seems that some of the poll officials closed the voting machines leading to its sealing. In such cases, you have to call the engineers to reopen it. So there was a delay,\" Mehta said.Mehta said they have put in a lot of effort to get people out of their houses and feel a sense of responsibility and feel excited about participating in the elections. He also expressed hope that the pleasant weather will make people come out and vote in large numbers.In the 2007 municipal polls, the voting percentage was 42.78 per cent.There was some tension near a polling station Janakpuri after police prevented people from gathering near the facility. Following this, a number of locals gathered at the spot but they were pacified and the situation was brought under control.A total of 1.15 crore voters are eligible to exercise their franchise in the polls which include 42.95 lakh voters in North Delhi Corporation, 42.67 lakh voters in South Corporation and 27.16 lakh voters in East Corporation.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).The municipal polls is seen as crucial for Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and Congress as well as opposition BJP with leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store for the Assembly polls which is 18 months away.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, harps on alleged corruption by Dikshit government while Congress is targeting the saffron party on its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12678170", "title": "Ita s not going to be smooth drive till July", "text": "LUDHIANA: The commuters would have to wait till July before they could enjoy a smooth ride on Ferozepur road near Aggar Nagar as the construction of passenger underpass (PUP) would take another four months. According to MC authorities, they have completed almost 70% work of this project and currently shifting and undergrounding of high tension wires is going on.The traffic chaos near Aggar Nagar would continue where dust and traffic diversions have already added to commuters woes. According to officials, PSPCL authorities were laying high tension wires under ground on Ferozepur road, which is taking some time. They would be able to complete the project by the end of July whereas the construction work is expected to come to an end by April.Confirming the same, sub-divisional officer and in charge of this project H S Bhullar said, \"It got delayed because power department is taking a lot of time in shifting high tension wires, which is affecting our pace of work. We are hopeful to complete the work by July end.Meanwhile, commuters are facing a tough time due to construction work. \"The construction material is hampering flow of traffic and dust is making it worse for us,\" said Mahinder Aggarwal a businessman and resident of Aggar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673188", "title": "Ashok Mandanna on playing More", "text": "A Man for all Seasons, based on the unshakeable morals of Sir Thomas More, is a theatrical extravaganza that's making its way to MumbaiA drawbridge that actually works, an imaginary river with a boat that moves, hats, feathers, velvet and lace trimmings: It's time for a theatrical extravaganza as Robert Bolt's A Man for all Seasons directed by Arjun Sajnani comes to Mumbai.In the contemporary aesthetic, exemplified by minimal sets and props and intimate interactions, Sajnani stands out as a colossus with his larger-than-life productions. M Butterly, Kiss of the Spiderwoman, Dial M for Murder, Tughlaq, Amadeus and The Fire and the Rain - each of his productions has been a sensual delight.After a self-imposed hiatus of six years, Sajnani brings to Mumbai the tale of the Renaissance humanist and councillor to Henry VIII of England who was said to be the \"ultimate man of conscience\".More was admired even by his rivals and marked his place in history by refusing to endorse King Henry VIII's wish to divorce his ageing wife so he could marry the sister of his former mistress. More refused to cow down even at risk of his life.Sajnani first tryst with A Man for All Seasons was more than 40 years ago, when he was in college. \"I have been drawn to this play for years. I studied it in college, acted in a college production that wasn't very good, and even wrote a paper on it,\" he says.The production brings together some of Bangalore's finest theatre actors such as Ashok Mandanna, Stanley Pinto, Aporup Acharya, Anil Abraham, Ashish Sen, Veena Sajnani and Vivek Madan.In the theatre world Sajnani is known for magnificent sets and lavish costumes. \"I come from the old school where theatre was 'big'. If I were someone who did more theatre, like a play or two every year, I would be forced to work on smaller and more intimate productions, but since I take my time over each production I like the idea of elaborate costumes and the kind of sets that make your jaw drop.\"And indeed, jaws dropped in Bangalore during the opening run of the play when Henry VIII walked down a drawbridge to meet More. The cardinals, dukes and archbishops lit up the stage in clothes that Sajnani sourced from across the world to ensure authenticity.He agrees that theatre has changed dramatically in India from the time he returned to the country in 1992. \"I had worked in Broadway as well as acted in smaller plays in New York before I came back. It was theatre and my love for Bangalore that saw me return,\" he adds.From Peter Shaffer's Amadeus to Kiss of the Spiderwoman to the Girish Karnad trilogy of The Fire and the Rain (on which his film Agnivarsha is based), Tughlaq and Bali to A Man for All Seasons Sajnani has come full circle. \"It's all part of the same journey; I started with musicals and big plays, then discovered Karnad and now am doing a Bolt. I choose plays that move me, just like the food I cook at my restaurant. It has to be something I love so much that I want to share it with other people.\"Sajnani's name is associated with fine dining in Bangalore because of the restaurant Sunny. He has a loyal, discerning audience both for his culinary as well as his theatrical offerings. And like his trademark barbequed chicken and angel hair pasta, his extravaganzas have a found an audience that awaits each of his productions eagerly. \"And no I haven't given up on films,\" he announces as an afterthought. His one shot at Bollywood , Agnivarsha, did not do well at the box office, but garnered praise for its visual aesthetics and out-ofthe-box performances from Amitabh Bachchan , Raveena Tandon , Sonali Kulkarni , Nagarjuna and Prabhu Deva. \"It can't be a one film journey. I'm going to announce something shortly, but right now all my time is devoted to Sir Thomas More and to cooking at Sunny,\" he ends. It was said of More by his contemporary Robert Whittington that he \"is a man of an angel's wit and singular learning. \" He could well have been speaking of Sajnani.Ashok Mandanna on becoming MoreOne of Bangalore's best known actors plays Sir Thomas More. We catch up with him. Was it difficult to play a man of such superior moral standing?Oh yes. In fact, More is so pure, the idea of playing him was almost uncomfortable. But I also believe that there is a bit of More in all of us; it was about prising that out.Are you religious, like More?Not at all. I don't think More was merely about religion. If fact, I think the play, though very political, has very little to do with religion.You are among the elite batch that studied theatre under Ebrahim Alkazi. What prevented you from going to Mumbai and doing films?Theatre excited me more than films; the only film work that I really enjoyed (and I've done very little) was with Shankar Nag with whom I did a Kannada film Accident and then Malgudi Days, and what fantastic years those were. I also enjoyed working with David Lean in Passage to India.Why do theatre lovers only get to see you in lavish productions?For the simple reason that I don't live in the city all the time. I run an estate close to the Nagarhole National Park which is where I'm holed up most of the time, running the space and writing. It's terrific to get away from Bangalore. I'm happy to work with Arjun, we have history, and with More I was very happy to play a man of my own age.Are you looking forward to performing in Mumbai?Absolutely. It is always a pleasure because one gets to meet old friends. I just messaged Naseer, who was my senior at NSD, and asked him to come and watch and he said he would.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669458", "title": "Breather for Bengal Taxi Association's airport booth", "text": "KOLKATA: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) can't evict the Bengal Taxi Association (BTA) from the pre-paid taxi booth at Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport till April 30, a special bench of Calcutta high court ruled on Saturday.Saturday being a holiday, the special bench was set up in the chamber of Justice Dipankar Datta on the directions of Chief Justice J N Patel. It was decided to that the special bench would be set up after BTA complained to the chief justice that AAI had directed it to vacate the booth by April 15 though an appeal was pending before the high court.According to a petition filed by the BTA, it was running the taxi booth at the airport for several years. After its three-year contract ended on March 31, AAI decided that it would not be automatically renewed as on previous occasions. A fresh tendering process would be initiated to select the next licensee, it was decided by AAI. BTA members, however, submitted in their petition that this was an attempt to hand over the contract to the Progressive Taximen's Union which is headed by state transport minister Madan Mitra.When the petition was moved before Justice Datta initially, he directed BTA to serve notice to the respondents and come to court again on Tuesday for hearing. Problems arose when AAI served a notice to the BTA on Friday, directing it to vacate the premises by Sunday. BTA counsel Subrata Mukhopadhyay went to the chief justice's residence on Saturday morning and reported the matter, praying for directions. Chief Justice Patel called up Justice Datta and directed him to sort out the matter. The judge directed the BTA to appear in his chamber at the high court at 1 pm.After coming to know of the AAI's fresh directive and hearing Mukhopadhyay's submission that nobody can be evicted without proper notice, Justice Datta ordered an interim stay till April 30. He will hear the matter again on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12669672", "title": "Police van crushes one in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Tension prevailed in the Angur Bagicha locality after a police van coming from Bhandara and going to police headquarters crushed a bike with two people, killing one, on Thursday and fled from the spot.According to sources, a police van (MH/35-K/93) was crossing Rani Avantika Bai Square when it collided with a bike (MH/35-R/4389). Two youths riding the two-wheeler were injured and one of them, Jiyalal Thakre died on the way to KTS hospital.Jiyalal Thakre and his co-brother LP Katre were teachers in a school in Rashtriya Vidyalaya Navegaon (Dhapewada) and were returning home, when they met with the accident. The police van was driven by Chetram Hukhre and was carrying four other cops. According to eye witnesses, the deceased could have been saved, if the driver had stopped after the accident and helped the injured. They said that the driver fled away from the spot and the injured Thakre was lying unattended for more than half-an-hour, till a municipal member Bunty Panchabudhe arrived and took him to the hospital, where the doctor declared him dead.Driver Hukhre said that he was scared that the mob might thrash him and so he fled away. However, he surrendered to Rawanwadi police station. The relatives of Thakre refused to accept his body demanding an assurance from the senior police officials that the guilty will be taken to task strictly. Following this, an offence was registered against the cops and Hukhre was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670285", "title": "Encouraging IT firms to adopt green ways", "text": "PUNE: Encouraging green practices among IT companies and its workforce, a green IT campaign called 'My City - Lets Make it Green' has been initiated in the city recently. Under the campaign, an e-waste collection drive that was launched on March 26 to promote recycling of e-waste culminated on Thursday.The drive - 'I love my city' - had led to the setting up of e-waste collection bins on the campuses of 12 companies and the Magarpatta township, wherein the collection was later sent for recycling.The campaign has been initiated by the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) in association with NASSCOM Foundation, Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) and Software Exporters' Association of Pune (SEAP).On Thursday, representatives of different companies came together and discussed about the corporate social responsibility and how to make the city green and clean.On the occasion, Ganesh Natrajan, former chairman, NASSCOM, said \"India is emerging as a significant generator of e-waste. Managing end-of-life of information and communications technology equipment must be treated as a moral business responsibility. It is imperative that we set up appropriate management measures to prevent the hazards and mishaps due to mismanagement of e-wastes. Companies should take appropriate steps to ensure that such waste is managed in an environmentally sound manner.\"Rita Soni, CEO, NASSCOM Foundation, said the e-waste collection drive was a nation-wide programme started in Pune, Delhi, Chennai, Bangalore and Mumbai. The Foundation has partnered with various organisations for the green campaign in Pune. \"The e-waste collected from various companies and the Magarpatta township is now being sent for recycling. The idea was to create awareness amongst employees of the IT industry and promote appropriate recycling of e-waste through the drive.\"In another initiative started in 2009, the NASSCOM Foundation is promoting IT companies to give away their redundant computers to non-governmental organisations (NGO). She stressed that the Foundation, through the 'BiG Bridge' programme, has engaged citizens as well as corporate partners to consider the effective management of e-waste. \"We donate refurbished computers to NGOs and ensure responsible electronic disposal. The redundant computers are procured from corporates. Our work is in sync with the new e-waste policy of the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF),\" she added.\"The drive was initiated in recognition of the need for corporate India to recycle and reduce e-waste in the country, thus extending the life of the waste. So far, NASSCOM member companies have helped 50 NGOs to be more effective in delivering education, health services and skills for employment,\" she said.Soni said, \"There are around three million employees in the IT/BPO sector across the country. The BiG Bridge programme was launched in April 2009. So far, we have received 6,000 computers for donating it to NGOs. The number is small though when we compare it with the total employee strength in the country.\"NASSCOM is the premier trade body of the IT-BPO industries in India. It is a global trade body with more than 1,200 members, which include both Indian and multinational companies that have a presence in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "12669892", "title": "Fish to cost more as trawling ban begins", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Hundreds of mechanized boats will remain off sea in coastal Ramanathapuram district as the 45-day annual ban on fishing by deep sea trawlers will come into force in the waters of the Bay of Bengal from Sunday.Supply of fish will be hit and prices will record an increase as fishermen go on vacation till May 29 due to the trawling ban that aims at replenishment of marine wealth. However, traders say that though supply will be hit, demand can be partially met with catch from the Arabian sea along Kanyakumari and Kerala coasts. In the Arabian sea, the ban period will begin from May 29, when it ends in the Bay of Bengal.There are about 2,890 registered mechanised boats in Ramanathapuram district that has a vast coastline of 237 km - 141 in the Gulf of Mannar and 96 km in Palk Strait. The fish from Ramanthapuram not only caters to the demand of the local people but is exported to countries in the Middle East. It is in fact the overseas market that will get hit due to the ban as the catch from catamarans will just about suffice for local consumption.Besides, shallow water fishing by catamarans and vallams that are excluded from the ban will ease the shortage to some extent. Nevertheless, there will be a marginal rise in the price of sea food, especially prawns, crab and some fish varieties like vanjiram, traders say. While a large section of fishermen will be rendered jobless during the period, some of them may set out in country boats while others will move to coasts like Mangalore for fishing.\"The objective of the ban is to facilitate breeding of fish and increase marine wealth. If not for the ban, marine wealth will deplete at an alarming rate,\" said a fishery official who warned that the licence of fishermen would be cancelled if they were found fishing in mechanised boats during the ban period. The official pointed out that the fishermen were also in favour of the ban as they understand the significance of the breeding period.The fishermen will be provided with a compensation of Rs 2,000 per family during the ban period. The fishermen note that this amount is meagre and are demanding that the compensation be increased to at least Rs 3,000.Fishermen will also make use of the period to set right faulty engines and overhaul boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675184", "title": "Govt offers bonus marks to Class X, XII athletes", "text": "BHOPAL: The state school education department would now provide bonus marks in the board examinations to student athletes, who have won medals in the state and national level competitions.Sportspersons of Class X and XII of the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) would now get bonus marks for wining in the state and national level competitions. This is for the first time that bonus marks would be awarded to meritorious students. The state cabinet recently gave a green signal to the order in this regard.A board official said, \"This is being done to encourage the sports talents among the students to perform better. Often they lose precious time meant for practicing to study. This hampers their performance.\"The students, who have won in the state level competitions, would be given 5 bonus marks and 10 marks to those who won medals in the national level competitions. The district education officers (DEOs) of all the districts have been authorized to collect the list of such students eligible for awarding bonus marks. The data then will be forwarded to the directorate of public instructions (DPI), which would then send the list across to the MPBSE.The students, who have won the state and national level competitions and are eligible for the bonus marks are to provide a photocopy of the board examination admit card and the certificate of the winning competition. In Bhopal district alone, there are about 130 such students who have won in different sports competitions and have appeared for the class XII board exams.The figure for class X board examinees, who are found to be eligible in this category is around 210.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "koraput/bhubaneswar", "code": "12672835", "title": "Odisha: Maoists extend deadline for release of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka", "text": "KORAPUT/BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists holding ruling BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka hostage on Sunday extended the deadline for fulfilment of their demands till April 18.In a message, a leader of Maoists' Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) set the new deadline of 5pm of April 18 for release of 29 rebels, Nihar Ranjan Patnaik, a Koraput-based lawyer who fights cases for the Maoists, said.The Maoists, who had earlier demanded release of 30 prisoners to free the tribal MLA, have also omitted the name of Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, accused of killing at least 55 police personnel, from the list, he said.The demand for release of Ghasi had drawn protest from different quarters including the police force with Odisha Police Association (OPA) threatening to boycott anti-naxal operations if hardcore Maoists like him were freed to secure the release of the 37-year-old Laxmipur legislator.The abductors, however, stuck to their condition of a prisoner-hostage exchange. They want the abducted MLA's wife, Kaushalya and the lawyer to accompany the 29 freed rebels to release Hikaka, Patnaik said.The message about extension of deadline was the first communication from the MLA's abductors in the last four days.The Odisha government was yet to respond to the fresh message from the Maoists. \"We have come to know about it from the media. It needs to be examined,\" a senior official said.Hikaka, who was abducted by Maoists on March 24 in Koraput, continues to be in their captivity. Two Italians, abducted by a separate naxal group on March 14 in Kandhamal, have been set free.Though Ghasi's name is out of the list now, it may still be difficult for the Odisha government to arrange physical presence of freed prisoners at Balipeta in naxal hotbed of Narayanpatna in Koraput district.The government has agreed to release 23 prisoners -- 15 Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS) members and eight Maoists -- but another problem is the rebels' reluctance to seek bail as they want complete withdrawal of the cases against them.State home secretary U N Behera said efforts were on to convince lawyers of Maoists and CMAS members to move bail petitions and the government was hopeful that they would file bail petitions by Tuesday.\"However, the government is yet to take a decision on the demand of abductors to free more people,\" he said.The fresh message from the abductors came as a sign of relief for Odisha government which had started exploring back channel negotiations with the ultras to strike a swap deal.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik visited Koraput and held a meeting with local leaders on Saturday, where the back channel negotiation option figured, a senior official said, adding that due to the Maoist group's refusal to hold talks through mediators, it had become tough to resolve the crisis.Some people's representatives from Koraput were asked to explore contacts with the CMAS, a front organisation of Maoists, for striking a deal with AOBSZC, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669162", "title": "Government talks tough to Pre-University lecturers", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's what the PU lecturers' evaluation strike will cost: a Rs 1.5 crore loss per day to the exchequer and a one-week delay in the exam results of six lakh students.The department of PU education had planned to announce the results on April 26. However, a delay in announcing the date seems inevitable. If the lecturers come back in full strength on Sunday, the results can be expected by the month-end.If not, the department won't be able to keep its promise of announcing the PU results before the Common Entrance Test (CET) on May 3 and 4. It could happen only by the end of May first week.Meanwhile, evaluation of core subjects papers has resumed, though not in full swing, giving the department some hope. After being held to ransom by lecturers for the umpteenth time, an evidently infuriated PU department lashed out at the leadership of the lecturers' association.\"The loss to the exchequer per day because of the boycott is around Rs 1.5 crore. We can suspend them, order a departmental inquiry, dismiss them, involve police to get them back. But I don't want to think of Plan B. I don't want my 15,000 lecturers to be replaced. I expect them to be back at the 37 evaluation centres on Sunday,\" said G Kumar Naik, principal secretary, primary and secondary education.Asked if they will go ahead with Plan B in case lecturers don't turn up on Sunday, he said: \"Let us come to the bridge, then we'll cross it.\"On Saturday, lecturers returned to many evaluation centres across the state. But many were turned back by protesting lecturers; some others couldn't go ahead with work because of administrative problems (like the chief not being present to distribute answer scripts).Of the 17 centres in Bangalore, eight functioned. Evaluation in other centres, like Mangalore and Belgaum, was tardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12674058", "title": "Villagers demand relief from state after death of cattle", "text": "MANGALORE: A pall of gloom descended in Paduveri village near Byndoor in Udupi district after 40-45 families, mainly dependent on dairying for their livelihood, lost their major source of sustenance in the mysterious poisoning incident.Each family owns a minimum of two to a maximum of 35 cattle heads and about 15 families have completely lost their entire stock to this incidentVenkataramana H, who had 20 cattle heads, has already lost 14. \"The remaining six are also showing signs of poisoning and I'm worried. We want government intervention,'' he told TOI.Raju Poojary, former Udupi Zilla Panchayat president, said the villages were mainly dependent on dairying and allied activities for their livelihood and the government should come forward and provide them with relief.Ammu Devadiga, who earlier had 28 cattle, has lost 20 of them to the poisoning incident. Durga Devadiga, an autorickshaw driver, had two cows and lost both of them on Friday. He had bought the cows two years back paying Rs 4,000 each for an additional income and sustenance. \"We have submitted a petition to the gram panchayat for relief,\" he said.Shivaram Poojari, supervisor of the Navodaya Self Help Group said: \"The villagers had got into dairying through the SHG in a big way a decade back. Their economic condition had improved considerably after they got into this vocation. They were prompt payers of the loans with nil default. This is a major set back.\"The villagers mainly blame the neigbouring towns for dumping their waste from animal remains to hazardous chemical waste, at the cattle grazing grounds at Ottinene which is a deserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "in the late 1800s, the story of a startling magic trick emerged from india and spread. in its fullblown version, the story describes a street performer who begins to play his flute over a coiled rope, which climbs dancing like a cobra to a great height. the boy assistant scrambles to the top of the rope and disappears. the magician calls for the boy, grows impatient, grabs a large knife and scrambles up the rope, vanishing too. then limbs, a torso, and a head fall out of the sky. the magician reappears, reassembles and covers the body parts, and from under a bloody sheet the boy reappears , grinning. it would be one hundred years before \"the great indian rope trick\" was fully exposed as a hoax", "code": "12670767", "title": "The great Indian hope trick", "text": "In the late 1800s, the story of a startling magic trick emerged from India and spread. In its fullblown version, the story describes a street performer who begins to play his flute over a coiled rope, which climbs dancing like a cobra to a great height. The boy assistant scrambles to the top of the rope and disappears. The magician calls for the boy, grows impatient, grabs a large knife and scrambles up the rope, vanishing too. Then limbs, a torso, and a head fall out of the sky. The magician reappears, reassembles and covers the body parts, and from under a bloody sheet the boy reappears , grinning. It would be one hundred years before \"the great Indian rope trick\" was fully exposed as a hoax: a composite pasted together in the imagination of Western visitors from the full menu of tricks performed by Indian street magicians. Magic societies offered rewards, but no one ever performed \"the world's greatest illusion.\"In recent years visitors have been returning from India in a similar state of awe, overwhelmingly impressed by the nation that perhaps has been most deeply transformed by the emerging-market levitation act of the last decade. But India now risks falling for its own hype, based largely on the assumption that it is repeating a trick pioneered by China - a seemingly endless stretch of 8 to 9 percent growth - and is therefore destined to be the fastest-growing economy over the next decade. At least until the last months of 2011, when growth forecasts dipped below 7 percent and rattled investor confidence, the Indian elite seemed more focused on how to spend the boom's windfall than on working to make sure the rapid growth actually happens.The best example of this rosy thinking was the way the ongoing baby boom in India has been transformed from a \"population time bomb\" into a \"demographic dividend\" . Until the 1990s the Indian government was still working hard to rally the nation against the dangers of overpopulation, but that fear has melted away, based on the argument that a baby-boom generation of newworkers helped fuel China's rise and will do the same for India. India's confidence ignores the postwar experience of many countries in Africa and the Middle East, where a flood of young people into the labor market produced unemployment , unrest, and more mouths to feed. I put the probability of India's continuing its journey as a breakout nation this decade at closer to 50 percent, owing to a whole series of risks that are underappreciated, including bloated government, crony capitalism, falling turnover among the rich and powerful, and a disturbing tendency of farmers to stay on the farm.The next decade is full of bright spots, but you can't find them by looking back at the nations that got the most hype in the last decade, and hope they will hit new highs going forward. The stars of this decade will be the breakout nations, by which I mean the nations that can sustain rapid growth, beating or at least matching high expectations and the average growth rates of their income class; for the richer emerging markets with average incomes of $20,000 to $25,000 (like the Czech Republic or South Korea) breaking out will mean 3 to 4 percent growth in GDP, while for China, in the class of $5,000 and less, anything less than 6 to 7 percent will feel like a recession. Similarly, it makes no sense to think of India ($1,500 per capita income, with a high-growth population) in the same way as Russia ($13,000, with a shrinking population ). The richer the country the tougher the growth challenge.The growth game is above all about expectations. People are always asking me, \"So what if India slows from 9 percent to 6 to 7 percent - that is still three times faster than growth in the West, right?\" Well, for India that slip would initially feel like a recession, because it is one of the poorer nations in the low-income group - the economies with per capita income under $5,000 - and every Indian has come to enjoy the levitating sensation of rising fast from a low base. Last year, New Delhi built its budget based on the revenue it could expect at 9 percent growth, and the prices in the Mumbai stock market were based on what Indian companies would be worth down the road if the economy continued to grow at a pace of at least 8 percent. In 2011, therefore, a growth rate of 7 percent was enough to trigger a bear market in Indian stocks.India's 'Silent Cal'Signs of an unraveling have begun to emerge under the administration of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , but not really because of it. When Singh was tapped to become prime minister in 2004, many hoped that he could continue to push reform, but in reality he became more of a figurehead, presiding over an economic boom unleashed by global rather than local forces, particularly the tide of easy money that was flooding out of the United States, stirring an unprecedented boom across all emerging markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12669074", "title": "GMAT loses popularity in India, jumps high in China", "text": "NEW DELHI: The holy grail of management students - the Graduate Management Admission Test (GMAT) - has slipped in popularity in India with 25,394 students sitting for the exam in 2011, while China saw a sharp jump with 40,069 candidates in the same year.Seen for long as the ticket to a US college, a career and a green card, GMAT seems to have lost some of its appeal in India, where 30,633 applicants took the test in 2009. While the numbers are dropping in India, management hopefuls surged in China recording a 200% jump from 13,048 in 2007.In 2007, India was ahead with 21,481 applicants. The numbers went up marginally over the next two years and have been sliding since then. This, when more applicants in the 25-30 age group are opting for the exam, according to the Asian Geographical Trend Report for GMAT examinees, collated and analysed by the Graduate Management Admission Council that conducts the test.The percentage of those younger than 25 among Chinese applicants rose from 48% in 2007 to 77% in 2011. For India, that figure was 34% last year, down from 36% in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668565", "title": "Water woes may boil over at mass meeting", "text": "HYDERABAD: The water crisis and citizens' complaints over it are likely to dominate the latest edition of Prajapatham in the city. Ministers, MLAs, MPs and other elected representatives are likely to face the music over the acute water scarcity in several areas of the city.Apart from water, the issue of ration cards, pensions and the Arogyasri scheme may figure prominently on the programme list. Prajapatham, which will be launched statewide on April 15, kicks off in the city on April 16 and will continue till May 5Several issues are to be taken up as part of Prajapatham, which is being coordinated in the city by the Hyderabad district administration, but it is the water problem which is expected to overshadow all other issues at what is the first mass contact programme following the water tariff hike which came into effect five months back. The revenue department has actually alerted police that they may take steps to prevent any untoward incidents during the programme.The water board claims it has been supplying to slums through tankers, but that claim is belied by complaints of poor supply. \"We cannot do anything. We are sending tankers to slum areas but there are huge delays due to heavy demand,\" a senior water board official told STOI.The water board supplies 340 million gallons a day (MGD) in the city but due to dipping water levels at the two primary reservoirs - Osmansagar, Himayatsagar - that service has taken a beating and now there are certain areas where water reaches on alternate days with tankers being diverted to areas facing drinking water shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12669138", "title": "Rain drowns hopes of craftsmen", "text": "PANCHKULA: Rain has been the most worrying factor for the people who have come from different states across the country to Panchkula for the cultural fest and because of this very reason, most of the stalls were closed on Saturday evening. The cultural evening was held at the Inderdhanush auditorium due to the rain.\"We have been asking the locals whether this area gets rain perennially as this rainy, stormy weather has been prevailing since the time we reached here, so we thought that this area receives a lot of rain,\" said Faiyee, who hails from Nagaland.Similar sentiments were voiced by Subash, who is from Jhabua, Madhya Pradesh. \"Rains spoil our craft work. We have put in a lot of hard work but the dust storms and rain spoil everything we create. We have already had a bad experience on Wednesday night when the storm spoiled all our work,\" said Subash. He added, \"We thought, may be Panchkula has this stormy weather throughout the year.\"Even on Friday morning the weather became quite stormy before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi's arrival and all the artists had prayed that what happened on Wednesday was not repeated. And their prayers seem to have been answered as by Friday afternoon, the weather became quite sunny. The same situation prevailed on Saturday morning and the artists prayed together during lunch time again.\"We all have lunch together and it was then that we prayed together for a calm weather as rains our spoiling our craft work,\" said Shaukat Ahmed Khan from Jammu and Kashmir. He added, \"Though its good that we are getting to see rain, but it's spoiling our work.\"\"An artist even asked me if it rains throughout the year here,\" said Mannat, a resident of Mansa Devi Complex, Sector 5, Panchkula.Major attractionsOn the second day of the fest, there was singing and musical performances including Lambadi from Andhra Pradesh , Thumchum from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Vanjali from Haryana, Jugni from Punjab, Baul from West Bengal , Margamkali from Kerala, Kajari from Uttar Pradesh, Tati from Nagaland , Chhapeli from Uttarakhand , Langa Mangniar from Rajasthan. Dances like Kalbelia of Rajasthan and Sidhi were the main attractions of the evening apart from Pung Cholam from Manipur, Jebro from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Lahauli from Himachal Pradesh , Dhangari Gaza from Maharashtra, Machhi from Daman , Bro Zai from Arunanchal Pradesh, Nicobarese from Andman Nicobra islands , Mewasi from Gujarat and Gotipua from Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12664040", "title": "\u2018Television is kinder to newcomers than B\u2019wd\u2019", "text": "Says telly heartthrob Shashank Vyas in an interview with Ahmedabad TimesIn his last interview with us during his visit to Ahmedabad, Shashank Vyas, better known to television buffs as Jagya from Balika Vadhu, had lamented the fact that young girls don't seem to like him. We ask him if things have changed since then, and he laughs, \"Not really, yaar! I seriously need some help on that front, as it's only the 40 plus ladies who pamper me.\"The actor, who was in Vadodara to promote his show, says that he finds it amusing how involved the audiences get with a show, \"Just last week, I had been to the Siddhi Vinayak Temple, when a lady came and said, 'Itna paap karte ho to mandir to aana hi padega!'She was obviously referring to the grey shades that Jagya's character has. It was quite an experience. Personally, playing the role of Jagya has been tough, because child marriage is not a concept I can relate to. But I loved the challenge and I have grown as an actor with each passing day. I feel my mother's blessings have gone a long way in ensuring my success, who was a huge fan of this show.\"For someone who got into acting purely by chance, as he \"did not get admission in a good B-school\", the journey has been a satisfying one. \"Now, when I look back, I feel I wasn't suited for a 9 to 5 job anyway. Probably, things are a little easier on television for newcomers with no acting background as compared to B-town.\" he feels.He is pretty different from most guys, for sure. He shares, \"I don't like watching cricket, though I love playing the game. Besides, I love to cook and the kitchen is my favorite place at home. Food is my biggest weakness in life. That's why I gorged on Gujarati thaali during my Ahmedabad visit, and I loved kadhi. I learnt to cook in my student days, when I had to stay away from home for six years after completing my schooling. Since then, I don't really like eating out and prefer simple, homemade food. I think living away from home at such a young age helped me a lot in emerging as a strong person, and also taught me how to handle my finances.\"He adds, \"In Mumbai, I struggled a lot financially for two years but never gave up, because I think giving up means insulting yourself. Today, it feels great to be working 15 hours a day. I chose this busy life by working extremely hard, and there are no complaints.\"Ask him about his de-stress mantra and he replies, \"I think sleep is the best stress-buster, and I catch up on my sleep whenever I get time. In Mumbai, traveling takes a lot of time, which makes meeting up with old friends a challenging proposition. While I don't hit the gym, staying fit is crucial in this profession and I run for 30 minutes every morning without fail to ensure that.\" he says.While his cute, chocolate boy looks make it hard to believe that he can get angry, he surprises us when he says that he is a pretty aggressive guy. But he adds, \"I am also one of the most mischievous persons around on the sets, and my co-stars will vouch for that! I tease both Anjum (Farooki) and Pratyusha (Banerjee) a lot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673556", "title": "Cash snatched from bank manager", "text": "KANPUR: Two gun-wielding men robbed a man on his way back from Kanpur Central railway station here on Saturday morning.The victim identified as Rajendra Prasad Kanaujia, a bank manager in Howrah, was on his way to his house in Hanspuram in Naubasta from the railway station in an auto-rickshaw. When the auto-rickshaw slowed down near a hospital in Macharia, the two men appeared on a motorcycle. On the pretext of frisking Kanaujia, the two snatched Rs 80,000 and other valuables from him. They also opened fire, but he escaped unhurt.The two robbers spared auto-rickshaw driver Shanu, raising suspicion of his involvement in the loot.Kannaujia described the two miscreants as being in late 20s or early 30s.A case had been lodged with the Naubasta police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668623", "title": "Insurance scheme helps General Hospital offer better heart care", "text": "CHENNAI: The money from the state health insurance scheme has helped the Government General Hospital reduce the waiting period of six patients to undergo heart surgeries. The patients went back home early after the minimally invasive procedures.Cardiologists at the Government General Hospital used implant devices to mend problems like hole in the heart instead of making a 10cm cut on the chest. Such cuts not only leave a huge scar, but also increase the number of days in hospital and may require more blood transfusion and antibiotics. GH chief of cardiology Dr V E Dandapani said in the last few weeks, the hospital operated on six patients aged between 5 and 22 for heart defects.For the surgery, doctors used a catheter through a blood vessel in the groin area to reach the heart. They then inflated the device into the desired place to remove a block or plug a leak. \"If we had done a normal surgery, each patient would have required nearly 10 units of blood. We would have been forced to keep them for a longer time. Most of them were discharged within three days,\" he said.Such implants, given free to patients, cost 1 lakh. \"Earlier, we could not afford to use such stents on so many people. Now, with the insurance scheme bringing in money, there is hope for many more people,\" said cardiologist Dr D Muthukumar.After the launch of the revamped health insurance scheme, government hospitals have been able to make claims for most surgeries they do if the patient is insured. Nearly 28% of the total claims were made by government hospitals. \"We now have funds to offer latest treatment on a par with private hospitals,\" said GH dean Dr V Kanakasabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669132", "title": "2 snatchings in a day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five days after the daylight robbery by two masked youths, unidentified youths targeted two women and snatched their gold chains in the last 24 hours in the city. The snatchings were reported in sectors 38 and 30. Police have registered two cases but failed to make any headway.The first snatching took place when Kala Rani of Sector 38, was near her residence and one pedestrian youth suddenly appeared before her and escaped after snatching her gold chain.The second incident took place near a gurudwara in Sector 30, when a pedestrian woman of Sector 20 was crossing the slip road on Saturday, and two unidentified motorcyclists snatched her gold chain and fled. Police said victim's husband Ram Rattan, lodged a complaint on the behalf of his wife. The case was registered at police station Industrial Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12670635", "title": "200 residents take green path to save mangroves", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: More than 200 residents of Nerul and Seawoods joined hands to save mangroves.On Saturday morning, besides forming a human chain to create awareness about the importance of preserving the trees, they also participated in a \"shramdaan\" movement and cleared large amounts of debris dumped on mangroves beside the posh Seawoods Estate.Sporting green caps and white T-shirts with the logo, 'Save Lake' , on them and carrying banners, people from all walks of life, including senior citizens, bird watchers and even children, gathered on the premises of the colony at 8 am. Together they cleared the stretch of land and sent off four trucks full of debris.A group leader, V K Gandhi, said, \"Navi Mumbai has over 30 km of mangroves along the coastline, starting from Airoli right up to Panvel. The place is never flooded because of the thick mangrove cover, which is Nature's gift to us and we must do everything possible to save it. We will not let these mangroves be destroyed by land sharks.\" Residents also talked about the attempts to reclaim a pond behind DPS School by dumping debris. The inflow of water from the creek into the pond and mangroves surrounding it during high tides has been blocked, they said, adding that writing to the urban development department, environment department, Cidco and the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation had proved to be futile.\"We have not given up on the authorities. By clearing the debris from the mangroves is our way of telling them that time is running out,\" said Vinod Punshi , a participant. Even as people got down to work, Gandhi urged them not to \"demonstrate anger against anyone\". \"The exercise was an amazing example of camaraderie and a perfect display of people power,\" said resident Sandeep Bangia.According to residents, though Cidco said the pond behind DPS School was a low-lying zone reserved for development, a test showed the water was saline . The residents fear the water body might be reclaimed despite a CM's order against it. \"If the pond is reclaimed, the mangroves will die,\" said Punshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668875", "title": "Adarsh report likely to be a relief for 2 ex-Chief ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: In the event the judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam decides that the land belongs to the state government, then it will be huge relief for former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde . The fate of another former CM, Ashok Chavan, will be decided by court as the CBI has filed a criminal case against him.Though chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad refused to comment on the judicial commission's interim report, prima facie, it appears that it favours the state government, particularly on the matter of the land's ownership.On April 10, 2002, Deshmukh dereserved a BEST plot for residential purpose and granted additional FSI on March 3, 2006. Shinde, on January 18, 2003, gave Adarsh society a letter of intent and an allotment letter on July 9, 2004. \"If it is established that the land belongs to the state government, then it is well within the powers of the state to make changes and allot land,\" a senior official said.In the wake of a series of reports on Adarsh in TOI, CM Prithviraj Chavan, on January 8, 2011, set up a two-member commission to probe the scam. The commission submitted its interim report to Gaikwad on April 12 in a sealed envelope.\"The report will be placed before the cabinet and then tabled in both the Houses of the state legislature. As it is an interim report, there will be no action taken report (ATR) on the commission's recommendations. An ATR will be submitted only after a complete report is submitted,\" Gaikwad said.The state government had asked the commission to submit a comprehensive report on 13 terms of reference, including the ownership of the land and if the plot was reserved for housing Kargil heroes and war widows. Apparently, the report is based on the depositions of and affidavits submitted by Mumbai collector Chandrashekhar Oke and custodian of defence land Geeta Kashyap.Oke claimed that the land is owned by the state government and told the commission that a city survey number was first allotted to Adarsh plot in July 2004. Kashyap was unable to provide documents to claim ownership of the land.Asked if the recommendations of the commission will have an adverse impact on the on-going CBI probe, former IPS officer Y P Singh said, \"I don't think so, but some of the accused will certainly make an attempt to take advantage of the findings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673405", "title": "State Reserve Police jawan dies at Nazarbaug", "text": "VADODARA: A State Reserve Police (SRP) jawan died at Nazarbaug Palace on Friday night. The jawan is said to be suffering from jaundice, which may have led to his death.Rajendra Parmar, an armed police constable of SRP Group II, was posted in the city along with other members of his company. He is the second SRP jawan to die within 24 hours in the city. On Friday morning, another jawan Lakhubha Jadeja had committed suicide by shooting himself.Sources said Parmar was suffering with jaundice since the last few days. He was being treated at Jamnabai Hospital located near Mandvi. He used to stay in a tent in Nazarbaug Palace compound along with other personnel.Parmar is a resident of Danilimda area in Ahmedabad. He is survived by wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670533", "title": "Rs 30,000-crore life jacket for Air India, but will it stay afloat?", "text": "Three years after the precarious financial condition of Air India (AI) was first put in the public domain by then CMD Arvind Jadhav in 2009, after having been surreptitiously kept under wraps for a similar period by V Thulasidas, thus delaying timely initiation of corrective measures, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs has finally approved a Rs 30,000-crore bailout package for AI. Many have wondered if such a huge bailout was at all essential to keep the beleaguered national carrier in business; and more importantly, whether this infusion of funds will hold any guarantee for AI's revival, and eventual survival.The bailout announcement has fortunately been accompanied by a very categorical assertion by civil aviation minister Ajit Singh that the infusion of funds, spread over a period ending 2020, will be incumbent upon AI attaining stipulated milestones. This leads one to question whether the government will be able to effectively enforce this rider when oil companies, airport operators, other vendors and employees start clamouring for their outstanding dues again this year and the next, of which there is a distinct possibility after Rs 4000 crore, to be infused as equity in the first stage, is used in clearing the current outstanding dues. In the present context of its operation and business environment, returning to profit in the near future is a distant dream for AI.The government has demonstrated its unequivocal commitment through the bailout; the onus now lies on AI's management and employees to deliver. The moot question: can they? The performance in the past three years on key performance parameters has not only been lacklustre but it has allowed smaller airlines to overtake it in terms of market share, on-time performance, etc. Unless the government displays toughness, rigidly monitors performance, the condition of milestones attainment would at best be deemed only as a cushioning exercise against criticism of the huge bailout. It remains to be seen as to how seriously the management, the employees and the unions of AI take the milestones this time around.There is a mistaken notion that mere infusion of funds will help AI overcome the current turbulence. It won't. Much more will need to be done and this includes exploring all avenues for enhancing revenues - hiving of engineering and ground handling businesses is therefore a good move; adoption of measures to control costs unmindful of resistance, improving work practices, upgrading the product in its entirety, etc. Does the management have the guts to take these decisions? The call should be taken now rather than after a major chunk of bailout money has been handed over.It is apparent that the management and the employees of AI have neither realized the gravity of the problem on hand nor seen their own role in the company's resurgence, because it has been business as usual for them even in the aftermath of huge losses and delayed payment of salaries. The government will therefore have to demonstrate that it means business by giving no concessions if AI falters in earning adequate revenues, improve performance and is therefore unable to pay salaries to the employees.The persistent chant of AI employees that problems confronting the airline are not of their making must be put to an end once money is injected. In fact, with aircraft acquisition and merger being cited as two main causes for the financial debacle, a large section of employees while finding fault with the government, and to an extent with the senior management, are failing to see their own failure to deliver in terms of industry-level aircraft utilization, punctuality in flight operations, enhancement of revenue through aggressive marketing, efficient service to passengers at airports, etc. The government cannot be accused of meddling in these key operational areas, where employees alone have had a role to perform. Some introspection by the employees is therefore imperative to ensure AI's survival, and thus their own, while infusion of funds is taking place.The government on its part must ensure real autonomy for the national carrier because as long as it is seen to be running the day-to-day affairs of the airline, the question whether AI can operate with its existing cost platform, current level of revenues and an unbridgeable deficit will remain meaningless and the airline will always look forward to the government to receive monetary assistance for paying the employees, the vendors, etc.One would, in fact, like to advocate that a holistic view of AI's ability to survive in today's competitive environment needs to be taken by those who are conversant with the intrinsic and historical weaknesses of the national carrier and have a deeper understanding of the aviation business, rather than by bureaucrats with no experience and no accountability, whatsoever - as they have erred far too many times in recent years with respect to AI.The writer is former executive director, Air India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679914", "title": "Army to impart training to youths", "text": "GUWAHATI: Bhairabkund youths will get an opportunity to become computer literate as the army for the first time has opened a vocational training centre there. Under Operation Sadbhavana, the Red Horns division of the army seeks to give civil-military cooperation a new impetus in the insurgency-affected areas, including Bhairabkund in Udalguri district.\"The vocational training centre will help the youths in getting a first-hand experience with computers. Lessons in sewing will also help local people to explore self-employment avenues,\" an army official said.The official also said that the move is aimed to encourage young boys and girls to be part of the overall development and progress in the state.With militancy waning in the area, army said that it was committed to take its development activities under Operation Sadhbavana to the remotest parts of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670295", "title": "Alipur petrol pump robbery: 8 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight people have been arrested in the Alipur petrol pump robbery case and cash worth Rs 9.5 lakh has been recovered from them. According to police, the prime accused, Amit alias Mittu, was in desperate need of money to pay for his wife's civil services tuition fee. With the help of his friends , he hatched a plan to earn a fast buck.On April 7, two employees of Jai Shri Ganesh petrol pump Jindpur, Alipur (Delhi) were robbed of Rs 13.97 lakh cash at gun point when they were going to deposit the amount in Corporation Bank. While committing the robbery, the accused were taken aback when a 14-year-old boy tried to stop them. The accused put a gun on boy's head and fled.A team, led by SHO Alipur Sunil Sharma and SHO Narela Abhinendra, nabbed Amit alias Mittu, Ravi, Shish Ram, Mohit, Dinu Ram, Mukesh, Sumer and Lalit earlier this week.\"The accused disclosed that they wanted money to enjoy the dance-bars, and the night life of Goa and Mumbai. They also wanted to invest in satta (gambling) in the ongoing IPL matches,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP outer.Amit (24), a native of Sonepat, is a science graduate from Rohtak University and is currently pursuing a course from Sonepat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12674860", "title": "Jilted lover, five aides held for trying to abduct man", "text": "BHOPAL: In a swift action, police arrested five people, including a jilted lover, who allegedly hired contract killers to abduct and eliminate his lover's fiance just four days ahead of their marriage in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.Betul district superintendent of police Lalit Shakyawar said the police managed to foil the abduction plan well in time as an assistant professor Santosh Pawar, a resident of Ramnagar area, had timely informed the police about the threats calls being received by him ever since his engagement with a girl on January 29.Santosh told the police that an unidentified caller asked him to back out from the marriage, claiming that the girl from Aamla area had an affair with him for the past five years. Later, the girl's father also received a call on April 10, informing that his would be son-in-law would be shot dead. Subsequently, the policemen in plain clothes were deployed at his house.On April 13, four youth from Bhopal reached Santosh's house and tried to abduct him at knife point. The cops in mufti present there pounced on them and arrested Firoz, Chand Khan, Shamsuddin, and Sahnawaz alias Shanu and their local contact Satish Prajapati. The jilted lover Krishna Pawar has also been arrested.Later, Krishna told the police that he just wanted to threaten Santosh so as to force him to call off the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12669151", "title": "MSRTC boots out elders from e-booking", "text": "NASHIK: At a time when online systems are gaining popularity and most senior citizens prefer to use the mode, they are being deprived of concessions in bus fares by the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on grounds that the verification of senior citizens age-proof is required before issuing a ticket.\"I tried to book a ticket to Pune but did not get the concession in tariff. I am forced to visit to the booking centre in person,\" said Umesh Patil, 67, staying at Nashik Road.The online booking system that started two years ago happens to be an hassle-free one and consumes less time and avoids exposure to travel to the booking centre and stand in long queues. This also cuts down the hazard of taking the cash and mainta-ining change.\"I fail to understand why the MSRTC has left out this simple option. It will bring many smiles on the faces of the elderly,\" Patil said. A local official of MSRTC also said that minor change in the software would go in the long run to help the people-senior citizens and their kin, who are forced to waste their time at the counters.General manager (traffic) V V Ratnaparkhi said, \"The MSRTC had its own terms and conditions as per which the senior citizens certificate has to be verified before issuing of the ticket. Since that cannot happen online, the concession is not available there. When doing it manually, the documents are verified.\"The Nashik Zilla Grahak Panchayat, however, termed the reply as absolutely irrelevant. At the time when very important transactions like life insurance policies and others can be bought online with a tag-subject to verification of documents-it is beyond one's imagination why MSRTC fails to implement upon a similar system.\"The Railways gives senior citizens the ticket and holds the passenger responsible if 'seniority' is not proved (at the time of journey). Entire train has only a few ticket examiners yet the task is accomplished. Here, every bus has one conductor and it is physically possible for him to verify the documents. Going by the statement of the authorities, does the MSRTC not verify the tickets of the passengers who have booked their tickets online,\" asked Vilas Deole, secretary of the grahak panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674741", "title": "100 taken ill after marriage feast", "text": "INDORE: More than hundred people fell ill after they consumed food at a marriage function at Karadia village in Betma, nearly 60 km from Indore, on Friday night. They were admitted to different hospitals in Betma, Depalpur and Indore.According to police, people started complaining of vomiting and stomach pain after having food at a wedding ceremony. They approached the local health centre but due to lack of doctors and other facilities many of them shifted to different hospitals.At the time of the incident, there was only one doctor available at the local health centre. He attended nearly 50 to 60 patients but seeing the increasing number of patients, doctors had to be called from the nearby hospitals. Chaotic situation was witnessed at Betma and Depalpur hospital as there was not enough place to accommodate the patients. The condition of some of the children admitted at the Indore hospital is said to be critical. Others are, however, out of danger. Food samples have been sent for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670595", "title": "\u2018Government set bad precedent by increasing auto fare\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's decision to increase auto fares for the second time in six months has not gone down well with commuters . Citizens feel the government has set a bad precedent by giving in to the unions' demand of a raise in fare as auto owners and drivers declared a state-wide indefinite strike from April 16.On April 13, the government approved a Re-1 increase in the minimum fare, which will come into force from April 20. However, a rise in fare for subsequent kilometres has not been approved.Rohan E L, a Ghatkopar local, said, \"This the second hike in six months. In October too, just when auto unions called for an agitation , the government increased the fare by 50 paise per km, though it left the minimum fare untouched. This has sent out a wrong message that unions can get a hike by threatening to agitate.\"Sharad Rao, president of the Autorickshaw Owners and Drivers Action Committee, a body of unions across the state, declared that an indefinite strike will be staged if the state did not increase the minimum fare by Rs 5 and the rates for every every subsequent km by Rs 2. The union also demanded that a new auto fare trade committee be formed to devise a formula based on the consumer price index.Activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"The hike should have been extended only if the strike call was withdrawn. The situation is such that commuters will have to bear the hike as well as the brunt of the strike.\"Many feel the state has been soft with the unions. Borivli resident Saagar Desai said, \"The government should invoke the provisions of the Essential Service and Maintenance Act to prevent union leaders from going ahead with the strike.\" Some residents also feel that the strike had deliberately been timed during the summer vacation, when parents usually venture out with their children for sight-seeing or shopping. Vasanthi Menon from Andheri said, \"It is going to dampen the spirits of many a kid as this is the time they look forward to go for a movie or an outing in an entertainment park.Union leaders are living up to the billing of being a kill-joy .\" Rao said, \"The strike has been planned on April 16 so that students do not suffer as by then, all colleges and schools will be done with their examinations.\" Mulund's Ananth Nair said, \"The state should have taken an undertaking from the unions that it would act against drivers if they were found to have tampered with a meter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12671464", "title": "Polling for MCD elections begin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Polling began for the Delhi municipal elections this morning as large number of police personnel kept tight vigil over the city to ensure that the nine-and-a-half-hour long exercise go without any untoward incident.The electoral fate of 2,423 candidates would be sealed during the polling held in 272 wards of the three civic bodies -- East, South and North -- carved out of the existing Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD).The polling began at 8 AM and would end at 5:30 PM. The counting of votes would be done on Tuesday.A total of 1.15 crore eligible voters would exercise their franchise in the polls which include 42.95 lakh voters in North Delhi Municipal Corporation, 42.67 lakh voters in South Delhi corporation and 27.16 lakh voters in East Delhi corporation.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).The municipal polls is seen as crucial for Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit and Congress as well as opposition BJP with leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store for the Assembly polls which is 18 months away.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, harps on alleged corruption by Dikshit government while Congress is targeting the saffron party on its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12672772", "title": "Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council asks jewellers to end strike", "text": "SURAT: Following the assurance given by the finance minister for considering the demand of jewellers across the country, chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) has urged the jewellers to end their indefinite strike.On Friday, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had organized an urgent meeting with the jewellery trade associations, including the GJEPC and the All Indian Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF).Chairman, GJEPC, Rajiv Jain, who was present in the meeting, said, \"The FM has assured to consider the demand of the agitating jewellers and come out with suitable measures as per the industry's requirement with regards to imposition of excise on jewellery. The same will be done when the parliament re-assembles after recess for passing of the finance bill.\"Jain added that the finance minister has also assured that the import duty imbalance for jewellery imported under the FTA from Thailand and other issues faced by the gems and jewellery exporters due to recent announcements in the budget will be looked into by the finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673069", "title": "Replacement stars rewrite TRPs", "text": "Sometimes being a second choice isn't such a bad thing. Small screen's hottest shows and most wanted heartthrobs may not have made such an impact if the originals had stepped in.Some prime time dailies might have even lost out on the screen scorching chemistry the lead couples created. Star Plus' TRP-topping show, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon? has the kind of mushy scenes and intense romance between TV's most romantic jodi Barun Sobti and Sanaya Irani around whom millions of fantasies are weaved of. Ironically, neither Barun nor Sanaya were the first choices for the roles of Arnav Singh Raizada and Khushi Kumari Gupta. Telly hottie Karan Singh Grover had been offered the role of the unsmiling, arrogant biz tycoon and the actor had even gotten his look test done, say insiders. Shraddha Arya, currently playing the role of Laxmi in Main Laxmi Tere Angan Keon Life OK had been almost finalised for Sanaya's role. Until KSG's interest in his film career changed everything and Barun, who was \"not convinced in the beginning\"about Arnav's role sailed through the look test, besting Mohit Sehgal to the role.Arjun Bijlani, who essayed the role of the studious Mayank in Miley Jab Hum Tumhad been signed up to play the role of Samrat, which was later on played by Mohit Sehgal. Arjun was in a rush and couldn't \"wait for MJHTto take off\". When MJHTfinally went on air, he was asked to play Mayank and the rest became history, when his romantic scenes with Rati Pandey made him a teen icon.Shilpa Anand, the first Riddhima of Star One's Dill Mill Gayyehad been initially offered the role of Anjali, for which Sunaina Gulia was signed up later. When Shilpa's look test was done for a promo of DMGwith Karan Singh Grover, their fabulous screen chemistry, made the makers change their minds immediately. So, Shilpa became Riddhima and created soapbox's hottest jodiwith Karan. Five years after, the two of them continue to be much wanted by producers and fans. Karan Wahi was first offered the role of Rahul in the televised version of Jab We Met- Love U Zindagi. Wahi is known to have acted pricey and Siddharth Shukla who had just wrapped up Jaane Pehchane Si Ye Ajnabistepped in. After their heartwarming scenes in MJHT, Arjun Bijlani was offered the role opposite Rati Pandey in Hitler Didi, but the former didn't take it up and Mrunal Jain stepped in. Rumours have it, that Karan Singh Grover was also offered the role of the lead opposite Dhrasti Dhami in Shikhar, loosely inspired by the Dilip Kumar Madhubala romance. Vivian D'Sena is now doing the show.Shortly after his stint on Bigg Boss5 ended on an unhappy note for him, Amarr Upadhay, aka Mihir of Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thiwent on record to say that he had been offered the lead role in an Ekta Kapoor show to be aired on Sony . Sources in the channel hint that he was the first choice to play Pradeep in Kya Hua Tera Vada, but things fell through because Amarr wanted a heftier pay cheque. Incidentally, Amarr, often called TV's first superstar had said 'no'to Ekta twice over for two daily shows, one of which Kiran Karmarkar ended up doing with Pallavi Joshi. The other, Krimson Skiesdidn't take off. Iqbal Khan who catapulted to dizzy heights of celebdom with Kaisa Yeh Pyaar Haihad initially been offered an important role in Kahani Ghar Ghar Ki. Iqbal chose to do KYPHinstead,rewriting his own fate!More recently, Shweta Munshi had been pencilled in to play the lead with Gurmeet Choudhary in Punar Vivah, but had to opt out due to \"personal reasons\". Shweta's playing a cameo in the same show, with Kratika Sengar playing the female lead now. Sukirti Kandpal was first offered the role of Purvi in Pavitra Rishta, but the actress cited the need for a \"break\"and the role eventually went to Asha Negi. The list goes on.Of course, much like the movies, once a daily show becomes a chartburner and fetches rich TRPs, no one really cares about the what ifs. All that matters it the sizzling screen love that make audiences drool over their dream pairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12669200", "title": "Cops get ready to curb crime", "text": "NASHIK: With crime on the rise and vehicle thefts showing no signs of abetment, the city and rural police are planning to join hands to conduct nakabandis at strategic locations to curb it.The decision was taken at a joint meeting of top police officials including police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and additional superintendent of police (rural) Rajiv Jain.As part of the proposed operation, the crime departments of both the forces not only decided to exchange data of criminals in their respective jurisdictions but will also conduct joint nakabandis to ensure criminals from committing crime in one jurisdiction and moving out easily to the other without a check.The decision to conduct operations jointly was taken as criminals have been committing crime in the city have been moving into the rural parts or vice-versa. Apart from this, police also feel that criminal do not have a specified area of committing crimes. Also, the criminals ensure that they have a clean sheet in their own area and commit crime in other areas.Further, there are also issues of chain-snatching and vehicle thefts with both the rural as well as the city police. Gold chains robbed in rural parts are sold in the city and vice-versa. Same is said to be with rising thefts of vehicles.Jain confirmed that he met with Sarangal and said both the forces have decided on the schedules of conducting joint nakabandis.\"The work of chalking out the schedule for joint nakabandis is in the final stage and soon it will be taken up by both the forces. Apart from this, we have also decided to share the data of criminals, the way they have committed certain crimes, which will help both the forces to close down on criminals and help in investigating cases,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668877", "title": "Osmania University holds its breath as stage set for beef fest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stage is set for the first-ever beef festival at Osmania University (OU) on Sunday evening. A day prior to the festival, which is expected to see participation of around 1,000 people, university authorities remained mum on the issue, while students gave an assurance to police that they would buy meat from outside and not slaughter the animals on the campus. The police maintained that although it was the university's internal matter, they would nonetheless remain on alert. Meanwhile animal rights activists have opposed the festival saying it is illegal.The large segment of dalit students who have planned the festival said they were ready with the two quintals of beef. The festival will be held at Narmada Research Scholars (Ambedkar) Hostel. Not just the strong student community in the campus but a section of faculty and activists from various quarters are likely to participate in the festival. Kancha Ilaiah, S Simhadri, Gali Vinod Kumar and Bhangya Bhukya figure in the list. The members of the organising committee stated that they did not require a nod from the university authorities to hold the festival.However, there are apprehensions of some trouble. The event has not just drawn flak from animal welfare activists but right wing groups, too, have issued a threat. Even as pamphlets were being circulated on the campus to publicize the event on one hand, there were handouts opposing the event being given out by those opposing it.Akhil Bharatiya Vidyardhi Parishad handouts condemning the festival even had 'Chalo NRS Hostel' as a suggested protest measure. A couple of days ago, VHP had issued a statement saying that the festival would be opposed as it hurts religious sentiments.As per plans, the festival is scheduled to start at 5.30pm with some cultural programmes also on the menu. \"Ours is an ideological fight. Everyone has the right to eat what they want to in a democratic set up,\" said B Sudershan, a research scholar and member of the organising committee of the festival.S Harinath, dalit student union activist from University of Hyderabad (UoH) said that everybody was entitled to express their identity in whichever way possible. \"Beef eating is part of the identity of several communities in the country. It is a political act to conduct a beef festival and should be allowed,\" said Harinath. The University of Hyderabad has had a beef stall at their annual fest 'Sukoon' since 2006. Ambedkar Students' Association, Dalit Students' Union, Telangana Students' Association and Student Federation of India will be participating in the festival.However, S Satyanarayana, OU vice chancellor, said that nobody had approached him to take permission for holding the beef festival. However, at the same time, he added that precautions were being taken with police having been notified. \"We will act depending on the situation ,\" said Satyanarayana.P Ashok, inspector, OU police station, said that he discussed the issue with the university officials and was told that the permission was not given. \"If the students go ahead with the festival, law and order problems are bound to crop up.However, we will observe the events and act accordingly,\" he said. Further, he said that as such, they did not get any requisitions for additional bandobast. \"And we are not taking it seriously either. It is an internal matter of the university and we do not want to intervene,\" he added.Last year, when a similar fest was organized at Eflu, the ABVP activists had vandalized the place and destroyed the food. Police had booked cases against some activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12680717", "title": "Sumanth Ashwin launched", "text": "Producer MS Raju's son Sumanth Ashwin is a man of few words. \"I am very glad to be making my debut, it's all so exciting, I can't find words to describe what's going on in my head at the moment. I want to thank everyone for coming here. I am very confident about the output we have achieved, and hope you will like it,\" is all he had to say about his maiden film. He is playing the lead in Tuneega Tuneega being produced by Maganti Ramji under the Padmini arts banner.Riya, also a debutante is playing the female lead in the movie directed by MS Raju. Ilayaraja's son Karteekraja composed the music for this movie touted to be a family entertainer and is expected to release in last week of May. Here is the first look of the young actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670578", "title": "Competition Commission of India asks Haryana Urban Development Authority to furnish details of builder's work", "text": "GURGAON: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has asked the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) to submit details of a project by the builder, Tulip White, in Gurgaon.The CCI is probing a complaint against the builder who allegedly sold the project to another builder without seeking clearance of the competent authority. Confirming the development, a senior CCI official posted in the investigation division, said: \"The details of the project have been sough to establish the violations, if there are any, as per the complaint received by the CCI last month.\"Refusing to elaborate on the complaint, the official said that HUDA had not yet furnished the documents relating to the clearance of the project. He admitted that the delay in furnishing the document by HUDA is hampering the investigation.TOI has accessed the letter of the CCI to HUDA in which the former has stated that the delay in providing information about the project would attract penalty to the agency.The CCI has asked HUDA to submit all the documents: Permission, clearances and NOC given to the builder M/S Tulip Infratech Pvt. The CCI has also asked if HUDA is aware of the fact that the builder has sold the project, Tulip White, without the final clearance from the competent authority.The CCI has also sought details of action taken, if any, from HUDA against the builder so far. Also, the CCI has asked the details of all the projects cleared in the past five years, in the name of Tulip White.The CCI had received a complaint about the project two months ago and now the investigation division of the CCI is probing the case. \"The final report of the investigation will be given to the CCI which will then pass orders on the violations that come under the CCI regulations,\" said the official.Speaking to TOI, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , said, \"All the details available with HUDA regarding the project will be provided to the CCI in a time-bound manner so that the investigation is completed as desired by the commission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12678356", "title": "Computers provided to 2,662 government schools in Haryana", "text": "ROHTAK: Under its ongoing policy of promoting computer education at school level, the Haryana government has made computers available in over 2,500 government schools across the state and also initiated process of recruiting a large numbers of computer teachers.\"Over the last year, 2,662 government schools have been provided with computers,\" Haryana Education Minister Geeta Bhukkal told reporters at Jhajjar.The minister said it had become imperative to impart computer education to school-going children in view of rising employment opportunities in the private sector in this modern era of Information Technology.\"The state government is making all efforts to provide basic computer education in the schools so that students could become familiar with the operation of IT equipment like computers right from the beginning,\" Bhukkal said.She said the state government is going to provide school uniforms free of cost to all students of government schools upto class VIII from the new academic session.In reply to a question, the Minister said the government was serious about implementation of Right to Education (RTE) Act in the state.\"A meeting of Education Ministers of all states of the country will soon be held in New Delhi to contemplate over efficient execution of the RTE Act across the nation. Union Human Resources Minister Kapil Sibal will chair the meeting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore/tumkur", "code": "12669067", "title": "Child welfare official charged with rape", "text": "BANGALORE/TUMKUR: A deputy director of women and child welfare department in Tumkur was accused of allegedly raping a woman who runs an institute for special children in Tumkur. S Radhakrishna was taken into custody by Yelahanka police on Saturday.\"We are questioning him,\" police said. A complaint was lodged by Gangamma, 40, a widow and resident of Mahalakshmipuram near Basavadi in Tumkur. She runs Spandana School for Mentally Disabled with 100 special children. She claimed the deputy director had promised to get her grants from the government and had been asking her to accompany him to various places.In the complaint lodged on Friday, she said he had taken her to Narayana Comforts, a hotel near Kogilu Cross in Yelahanka on April 12 where he raped her. Gangamma has a daughter and a son and has been running the school for the past decade. She stays on the first floor of the school building. There are five teachers in the school.\"She had met the deputy director several times in the past five months. We took her to Ambedkar Medical College for a medical examination. We can prove her charges only after collecting circumstantial evidence by checking with the hotel where she claims to have gone with Radhakrishna on April 12. There are other places she had gone and stayed with him and we will also get the details of their stay in these places,\" a police officer, investigating the case, told STOI.Her complaint stated that she had gone out with him in the interest of running the institute in a better way. \"But in recent times, his harassment had become intolerable resulting in her filing the complaint,\" police said quoting her statement. \"She has alleged that Radhakrishna had promised more grants for the school according to the number of children but failed to deliver, which irked her,\" the officer said. Repeated attempts by STOI to contact Radhakrishna failed as he had switched off his phone. In his statement before police, he confessed to having a relationship with Gangamma but denied having raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12674085", "title": "District geared up for 2nd round of Pulse Polio drive", "text": "MANGALORE: The district health and family welfare office here is all geared up for the second round of Pulse Polio immunization drive that will be held across Dakshina Kannada on April 15. Arrangements have been made to administer polio drops to 1,65,136 children between the age-group of 0 and 5 years , including 1,427 children of migrant labourers. In all, 921 immunization booths, six mobile units and 21 transit vaccination camps have been set up.The office has mobilized 3,788 volunteers who will administer the polio vaccine and 187 supervisory staff to oversee the process. Mangalore rural has a maximum of 30,557 children in the above age-group followed by 28,238 in Bantwal rural, 24,871 in City Corporation limits, 22,692 in Belthangady, 20,377 in Mangalore city primary health centre area, 20,082 in Puttur, 11,390 in Sullia rural, 3226 in Puttur town, and 3703 in Bantwal town.Incidentally, the last reported case of polio occurrence in the district was in 1999 and January 13, 2011 at Howrah in West Bengal in the country. The district, as part of the four-day drive, held part of first round of the drive on February 19 and saw polio drops being administered to 1,44,581 children. On the second day, polio drops were administered to 11,309 children, third day to 6,263 children and 2,099 children on the fourth day.The district had recorded 99.63% success in the first round of the drive, which also saw polio drops being administered to 1,423 children of migrant labourers. The office ensured that the volunteers visited 3, 89,814 out of 4, 01,001 households in the district to maximize coverage of children in the target age-group for immunization. A seven member emergency response unit headed by district health officer O R Srirangappa has been set up to deal with exigencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12674019", "title": "DMK not to take part in parliamentary delegation to Lanka: Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK, a key UPA constituent, will not be a part of the parliamentary delegation scheduled to visit Sri Lanka from April 16-22 to assess the resettlement and political process there, party chief M Karunanidhi said on Sunday.There was no use of such visits and therefore DMK would not be part of the delegation, he told reporters here.Lok Sabha MP T K S Elangovan was the lone DMK representative in the delegation to be led by leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha, Sushma Swaraj .Earlier, AIADMK supremo and chief minister Jayalalalithaa had announced withdrawing her party nominee, Rajya Sabha MP W Rabi Bernard, expressing dissatisfaction over the delegation's itinerary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669758", "title": "Lovelorn lion murders cub", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a crime of passion in the wild. A lonely lion killed a cub who was not allowing him to get close to the lioness who happened to be his mother.Forest officials said the cub was too small to face the agitated lion. The cub was about four to five months old, the officials said. The incident came to light on Wednesday morning when the staff found this cub in Dhari taluka of Amreli. There were fresh stains of blood when the cub was recovered.Officials said postmortem revealed that the cub had injuries in the skull, neck and even ribs. The nature of the injury suggested that the lion, even after killing the cub, would have flung it several times.He said the staff, who was in the field, have said that a lioness with two cubs was spotted moving in Dalkhania range. But for the last two days, she was spotted moving with just one cub. The loner lion was also spotted moving in the periphery of the lioness. Officials said the infighting was only for the mating.The incident took place late in the night, said officials, adding that the two cubs may be coming close to the pair. However, officials further said that it is a surprise as to how the second cub was saved.\"Such incidents are common in the sanctuary, but the fact that the lion attacked the cub even after killing it is something very rare. The cub, when it is newborn, would never leave the mother. This in turn would keep away the lion. This leads to attack,\" a forest official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12672748", "title": "Soccer fans, it\u2019s time to cheer!", "text": "Cricket might be the catchword in Kolkata but fact, is the city lives, breathes and gets a kick out of football even during the IPL season. Talk about 'Changing The Game'!In keeping with the football frenzy, Pepsi organized a Flash Mob Activation from March 27 to April 7 at 10 of Kolkata's hot spots. The final result - a soccer tournament for lovers of the sport. Pedestrians were caught off guard and gathered around to know more when two branded cars stopped with footballs rolling down from one and music blasting from the other. Next, two footballers in soccer jerseys got off and displayed their juggling and dribbling skills.Three glam cheerleaders emerged from the second car, danced to the music and set the tone for the soccer tournament. The emcee then conducted spot contests that the crowd willingly joined in to win attractive prizes and giveaways by the brand.Having scored a goal, the crowd dispersed and the cars zoomed off in a flash, leaving the spectators dazed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670284", "title": "Fasting Ganga crusader re-admitted to AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noted environmentalist Swami Gyanswaroop Sanand, who has been protesting for cleaning up of Ganga, has been re-admitted to AIIMS. He has been put on saline drip and his condition is being monitored, officials said. Supporters of the 80-year-old activist claim that he was forcefully taken to the hospital by police from Kalkaji Mandir where he had been fasting to protest against construction activities on at least four hydel projects in Alaknanda Valley.Sanand was admitted to AIIMS last month also when his health condition deteriorated due to prolonged fasting.\"The police took him to the hospital against his wishes. Now, they are not allowing anyone to visit him,\" alleged a supporter. However, the hospital doctors did not comment on the allegations. \"We have kept him under observation in the ICU ward,\" said a hospital spokesperson.Sanand, a former IIT professor, has been spearheading the movement to save the Ganga and he is a special invitee for the meeting of the Prime Minister-headed National River Ganga Basin Authority scheduled on Tuesday.The main demands of the Ganga Seva Abhiyan, of which he is a leading member, include immediate and total abandoning of all construction works on all hydel projects on the main streams of the Ganga, no new project that may disrupt the flow regimes in future, stopping of fund misuse etc.Maneka Gandhi , member of Parliament, has written to the Prime Minister for immediate release of Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand from 'illegal' custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675626", "title": "Paul McCartney directs music video", "text": "Paul McCartney recently premiered his brand new self-directed video My Valentinefrom his album Kisses on the Bottom. The track is one of the only two original composition by the ex-Beatles musician and stars Hollywood stars Johnny Depp and Natalie Portman.The video, which features the two stars, shows them ad libbing to the song. My Valentine has been descirbed as a very mellow old world track with the kind of charm missing in this time and age where programmed perfections and bass drops are prominent. The videos were shot on 35mm and Paul worked with Academy Award winning cinematographer Wally Pfister ( Inception, The Dark Knight ), editor Paul Martinez and producer Susanne Preissler to create these elegant and powerful films based on an original idea by Stella McCartney .My Valentine is the second Paul McCartney music video Natalie Portman has starred in, the first being the Michel Gondry-directed Dance Tonight in 2007. For this new performance, she was exclusively dressed by Stella McCartney. Johhny Depp also plays guitar in his version and recorded the track's guitar solo live. His guitar take was then mixed and mastered into the final track. The original guitar solo on the studio version of the song was performed by Eric Clapton .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669599", "title": "Pulse polio drive to focus more on rural areas", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district health administration will hold the Pulse Polio Immunisation Day on Sunday (April 15). While the administration has targeted about six lakh children (up to five years) in the district under the drive, special focus would be on rural areas.Chief medical officer, Varanasi Dr Gyan Prakash said the drive will witness special emphasis in rural and slum areas of the city, where around 2,000 polio booths have been made. All government primary schools (majority of them in rural areas) will be open to administer polio drops to children. The government school teachers in these areas will also motivate the locals, he added.There are 1,032 government primary schools in the district and 227 slums in the urban areas of the district. Though, there is no report of new polio case from any parts of the country in past one year, the polio immunisation drive is still being carried in different parts of the country to ward off threat of re-emergence of polio virus.In the urban areas, more than 1000 polio booths have been made to cover children up to five years. The mobile polio booths will also be active near Cantonment railway sation, roadways bus stand and other prominent halting points in the city.But, while preparations for Polio Day are in full swing, the administration is yet to gear up for swine flu ( H1N1 ) virus which has started to create ripples in Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Delhi. Additional CMO Dr RP Tiwari said the isolation ward in SPG and DDU hospital are ready to cater such cases, but so far no case has been reported in the state to cause any alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670377", "title": "Resident welfare associations divided on effect of Municipal Corporation of Delhi split", "text": "NEW DELHI: The MCD trifurcation has emerged as one of the biggest issues in the municipal polls, with BJP leaving no opportunity to criticize it and Congress highlighting it as an achievement of its Delhi government. The resident welfare associations in the city are, however, still divided on the issue.The trifurcation has left the capital with three corporations - North, South and East. Delhiites say only time will tell how beneficial the split will be for them. \"The Delhi government assures that the trifurcation will improve governance. To improve efficiency, it could have gone for other alternatives like strengthening 12 zones. However, too much of centralized governance can make the decision-making process tough as MCD covers over 94% of Delhi,\" said Pankaj Aggarwal of Delhi Joint Front.Some feel that the trifurcation will benefit taxpayers. \"South Delhi has been the highest revenue-generating area but did not witness that kind of development. I am paying tax but my money is used in the areas that don't generate any revenue. In Delhi, one civic body cannot make a uniform development plan as the need varies from area to area,\" said Monu Chadha, president, Jungpura RWA.However, not all share the same enthusiasm. \"Trifurcation was hurriedly passed without going into detail. The civic body isn't even prepared and three people will be designated for the same post. Instead of splitting the civic body, steps to strengthen it should have been taken. The Delhi government knows very well that East Corporation hardly generates revenue and after the split, how will it sustain itself? There are so many areas in the east that are deprived of basic civic amenities. No major project can be taken up in these areas as for everything we will rely on the Delhi government. It will add to the financial burden of people,\" said B S Vohra, president, Federation of East Delhi RWAs.But some residents say even now MCD gets funds from the government. \"With the split, MCD will be closer to the people. We expect that now there will be no file delay and work will gain speed. The Delhi government has also assured that trifurcation will not pose a financial liability,\" said Ashok Bhasin, president, Federation of North Delhi RWAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669486", "title": "Firemen enthrall citizens with fiery demonstration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A van parked on the edge of a dug-up road is pushed by a speeding car. Soon, a team of Ahmedabd Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) rushes to the spot and lifts up the van that had fallen 10 feet deep into the pit with a heavy-duty crane. The road is cleared for vehicular traffic. No, the incident did not take place on city roads but at GMDC ground as part of National Fire Safety Day.\"We also conducted mock drills at the ground where we set ablaze a vehicle and also started chemical fire and controlled it in matter of minutes. However, our control room was flooded with calls reporting fire from near Helmet Circle,\" said a senior AFES official. He said fortunately they did not have to attend any major call on the National Fire Safety Day. \"In the past fortnight, we received at least one major call every second day. We were also expecting bad weather but the event turned out well. We also got support pledge from the AMC officials,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669984", "title": "New literacy scheme for Mahadalit women soon", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday announced a new scheme for the educational empowerment of women of the most downtrodden sections of the society. To be christened 'Mahadalit Mahila Akshar Anchal Yojana', the scheme will aim to make at least eight lakh Mahadalit women literate every year.The announcement was made by the chief minister while addressing a function organized here to make Vikas Mitras aware of the various schemes for the scheduled castes and tribes. The function coincided with the birth anniversary of Baba Saheb Bhimrao Ambedkar. This scheme, which will be in addition to the centrally-sponsored 'Sakshar Bharat' scheme, will, in the long term, aim to make Mahadalit children educated.\"The scheme is in final stages (of preparation) and I have already held two rounds of meetings with officials,\" said Nitish and asked Vikas Mitras to join this mission. The CM recalled that the Mahila Akshar Anchal Yojana has shown very good results and of the 40 lakh women covered under the scheme, more than 35 lakh have already been made literate. This helped increase the decadal literacy growth in the state more than any other state.Nitish pointed out that efforts have been made to enrol the out of school Mahadalit children and separate educational institutions called 'Utthan Kendras' have been opened in their localities.He said that each Mahadalit child going to school is being given scholarship. \"From the new financial year, a similar scheme has been introduced for the children of extremely backward castes. During 2010-11, Rs 456 crore was released for distribution among Mahadalit children as scholarship,\" he stated.The CM also announced an increase in the monthly honorarium paid to Vikas Mitras, who serve as a bridge between the government and society. They were so far getting a monthly honorarium of Rs 4,000, which has been increased to Rs 5,000.The government, he said, has made another move for dalit empowerment by giving them three decimals of homestead land. He asked Vikas Mitras to do a survey in their respective areas and identify the families which have still not been given land, and find out who was responsible for that.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said Ambedkar had advocated that dalits be given rights of education, property and power.\"Our government has given them these rights by enhancing stipend to students, land to families and representation in panchayat and urban bodies.\"Minister of SC/ST welfare department Jitan Ram Manjhi, minister of food and consumer protection Shyam Razak and secretary, SC/ST welfare department, Ravi Parmar were among other speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12673812", "title": "Traffic police assaulted", "text": "HUBLI: A traffic police was assaulted by two unidentified motorists who jumped asignal at Vanivilas Circle of Hosur in Hubli on Saturday.Vidyanagar police said that traffic police Shivananda Katagi of north traffic police station stopped a bike which was coming from Karwad road and tried to jump the signal.The motorist and his friend assaulted the traffic police and fled. Injured traffic police was treated at KIMS hospital.A case has been registered with Vidyanagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668923", "title": "Government makes all efforts to put II Pre-University evaluation back on track", "text": "BANGALORE: The department of PU education has started making administrative changes for smooth valuation. \"Many lecturers who came on Saturday could not valuate because the deputy chief examiner was not there. We explained to the observers how to function in such cases. Such briefings have been given across the state,\" said Rashmi V, PU commissioner.The valuation of core subjects has restarted. As it was a public holiday ( Ambedkar Jayanthi), the valuation was on only till 3pm. Even though some teachers attended valuation on Friday, most returned by 1pm. \"It was not up to our expectation, but it has started. There is no need for tension among parents or students. We will need 10 more days to finish. If we're in full strength on Sunday, we can make up what time we have lost,\" she said.The department officials visited the valuation centres on Saturday to understand the mood of lecturers. \"There's a disjoint between the lecturers and their leaders. The lecturers are aware that the time is wrong and wants to get back to work. But leaders are politicizing the issue,\" Naik said.\"A committee was formed to look into their issues. It submitted the report, the chief minister accepted it. It was forwarded to the pay commission. They have deliberated it. But by restarting this process, they have not shown any appreciation for the democratic process,\" Naik said.The government issued an advertisement in all leading newspapers in the city on Saturday listing the salary paid to lecturers in neighbouring states. The advertisement came as a clear blow to protesting lecturers as the list (see box) clearly indicates that lecturers in Karnataka are paid better than that of the other states.However, the lecturers claimed that while salaries of all other states were the basic salary, the one shown for Karnataka includes other benefits like house rent allowance. The department rubbished their claims. \"We do not compare oranges with apples -- we compare only apples with apples. It's at par with the other states,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670444", "title": "Warming up to ice", "text": "In the Jack London story 'To Build a Fire' , the hero dies after losing a foolish battle with nature, while his husky dog looks helplessly on. That spine-chilling account of life and death in the Alaskan wild was written in 1902 but were the story to play out today, it is fairly certain the hero would be rescued by well-equipped tourists from Asia or Europe.The Arctic Circle is no longer a zone of fear, thanks to an unlikely mix of nature , animal, and man coming together to offer the rest of the warmer world a crash course in surviving one of the harshest climates on earth. And of course it helps that a resident of Delhi's heat or Mumbai's rains can reach the Arctic Circle today in less than 10 hours, without the aid of an exploration team.The weather's what's goodIn marketing the Arctic winter, Finnish Lapland, only a snowmobile ride away from the top of the world, has taken pole position. Their strategy is similar to the British one of selling that country's rain and fog to foreign tourists. \"Anyone can come to Lapland from anywhere in the world in a suit or a T-shirt . Don't worry about the cold, we'll give you everything you need, from warm clothes to snowmobiles ,\" says Leena Harkonen, head of sales for the Hullu Poro (that means crazy reindeer in Finnish) hotel group.She's right. A tourist can walk into the office of an Arctic safari organiser and out in complete cold-killing gear, handed over to him like Q does with James Bond. And keep it all till he's about to board his plane back. In between he can ride a snowmobile over a frozen lake and imagine he's chasing Mr Bond in 'The World is Not Enough' . And then, when hungry, stop at a frozen lake, drill a hole through the snow, attach a maggot to the end of a fishing rod and catch lunch. (Don't forget to sit on a reindeer skin to protect yourself from the cold.)The Arctic Circle, or the southern limits of the Arctic, is not exactly Siberia or Greenland where winter temperatures touch minus 50 degrees Celsius. But in the winter, it is a simulation of Siberia. In Lapland (the northern parts of Norway , Sweden, and Finland, and the Kola Peninsula of Russia ) and other Arctic Circle countries like Denmark, Iceland, Alaska, and Canada , the cold still touches minus 30 degrees in the winter. In Rovaniemi, the capital of Lapland, for example, temperatures can go from minus 20-30 degrees in December to 18-30 degrees in July. The sun stays below the horizon for part of the winter and doesn't set for part of the summer.Therefore, Seppo Lappalainen, lead crew member of Lapland Safaris, jokes, \"Nokia (the Finnish cellphone maker) put flashlights on their cell phones so the Lappish people could use them in the dark winter.\"\"But there is still winter tourism in Lapland and in the Arctic Circle countries ,\" says Paivi Heikkala, managing director of the Rovaniemi-based Arktikum, a museum of science and culture that studies climate change in the Arctic.The Visit Finland tourism office in India doesn't have exact figures for Indian visitors to Lapland but according to hotel records available with it, Indians spent more than 2,000 nights here during the 2010-11 winter and about 1,500 nights between December 2011 and January this year.Foreign tourists however account for only 30 per cent of visitors to Lapland, the Finns make up the rest. \"The slopes are the best in Levi,\" says Pirkko Kuusela , an aviation specialist from the south of Finland who lives in Copenhagen , Denmark, but comes to Lapland every year to ski. As a child, Pirkko learned to ski on the Levi Fell, like many foreign tourists still do today on its beginner's tracks. More adventurous skiers can take part in a 90km marathon run on an old ski mail route between Norway and the Lappish village of Hetta.Marriages are made on iceThe cold also seems to foster romance. Perhaps the tourists find it too cold to resist but suddenly, men begin to propose to their girlfriends and couples walk into ice chapels to take their vows.Not all of it is a sudden urge. Marari Clotet, the owner of Levin Iglut, talks of the Portuguese man who told her everything about his lady-love much before the couple had boarded their flight from Lisbon and how he planned to propose to her. \"He had everything planned from the start. It went by the book and they were happy,\" said Clotet, whose glass igloos are located outside Levi.Last December, a British couple chose to walk into an ice chapel in Rovaniemi's Snowland, which is made out of 50,000 kg of ice and is a restaurant, disco and chapel all rolled into one. \"The ceremony took 15 minutes and the couple left on a reindeer sleigh,\" said IIkka Bergman of Snowland.--Faizal Khan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669993", "title": "PMC to maintain six city parks", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to maintain six parks developed by the Bihar Rajya Pool Nirman Nigam (BRPNN) in the city till further arrangements are made. The PMC took three parks under its maintenance on Friday. It will make arrangements for the rest on Monday.The urban development department has an ambitious plan to develop Patna as a 'city of parks'.The PMC has started maintaining the parks at S K Nagar, Mahatma Gandhi Nagar and Manju Devi Park at Kankarbagh. One gardener has been deputed at each park for beautification and maintenance. Two workers at every park will look after the sanitation till further notification.The PMC will maintain the six parks till the 'Bihar Park Development and Renovation Policy, 2012' comes into effect and the onus of maintaining these parks is fixed on any agency.According to PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, the government had allocated Rs 7 crore to the BRPNN for renovation and development of six parks in the city. The BRPNN will float fresh tenders for the maintenance of these parks. Till then, the PMC would maintain them, he said.Pal said some of the parks were open for visitors while few of them had been closed for lack of fund for maintenance. The gate money collected at the parks would be saved and, later, handed over to the agency to be entrusted with the responsibility to look after them.Aloknath, a resident of Kankarbagh, said, \"Some of the new parks are closed for the visitors due to lack of maintenance. But we hope the government will take some serious steps this time and hand over the responsibility to any agency. New parks are useless unless we get access there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673477", "title": "Seminar on change management", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A seminar on 'Change management and transformation' is being organised by the School of Management Studies, Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology, on April 18. Former Chief Justice of India, Justice V N Khare will deliver a lecture in the Inaugural session on the topic 'Legal framework and adjudication'.Seminar coordinator Tripti Singh said eight technical sessions on contemporary issues like legal framework and adjudications, R&D; management and IPR, human resource and value creation, social transformations and people aspirations, operations and quality implications, financial re-engineering and cost effectiveness, brand management and competitiveness and public sector enterprises and policy shift have been scheduled. Senior academicians and executives like Prof Jagdish Prakash, former pro-V-C, AU; Prof OP Vyas, IIIT-Allahabad; Prof Manmohan Krishna, AU; Prof BP Singh, former dean Delhi School of Economics; Alok Saxena, managing director, Tata Motors , Lucknow; Prof AK Mishra, IIM-Lucknow; Prof PS Tripathi, FMS, BHU; Alok Mishra, general manager, ONGC will speak at the seminar.The director, School of Management Studies, Prof Peeyush Ranjan Agarwal said the seminar will provide an opportunity to the students to develop on a platform through inter-disciplinary sharing of experience and ideas.Around 40 groups of students of MBA, BTech, PhD and other PG programs have contributed to share their model of ideas before the experts during the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679943", "title": "No untoward incident in city during festival", "text": "GUWAHATI: Rongali Bihu celebrations, which began in the state on Friday, passed off peacefully in the city till Sunday evening. The joint squad constituted by the Kamrup (metro) district administration is keeping a strict vigil in the Rongali Bihu celebrations to prevent any untoward incident. The squad has been successful in its job so far.\"With public support, the joint squad has been able to ensure that the Bihu celebrations in Guwahati are carried on smoothly. The squad, which comprises members of the district administration, police, excise department and other concerned authorities, are on high alert during the festival. Government officials have been instructed not to allow liquor shops and bars to carry on their business after 10 pm. We are happy that there has been no such untoward incident in the city during Rongali Bihu this time,\" said additional DC of Kamrup (Metro), Mrinal Gogoi.However, general secretary of the co-ordination committee of the Rongali Bihu celebration committees of Guwahati, Pranab Goswami has appealed to the administration to deploy more police personnel in the Bihu tolis for security.\"We requested the police and administration to provide adequate security in the Bihu pandals till the functions get over, but security arrangements are yet to be beefed up,\" Goswami said. He urged the administration to keep strict vigil on the liquor shops and bars as there were complaints of wine shops and bars continuing their business ever after 10 pm.\"The credit for a safe Bihu goes to the people of Guwahati. We thank the people of Guwahati for ensuring a smooth conduct of Rongali Bihu. We appeal to the administration to provide more security during the night as there are very few security personnel in the tolis at night,\" he added. Around 20 Bihu functions will be held in about 20 Bihu pandals in the city from Friday to Monday. People in large numbers thronged the Bihu pandals as it did not rain during the peak hours of Bihu functions in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670251", "title": "Court raps cops over minor\u2019s rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has drawn flak from a trial court for its \"non-professional and casual\" manner in charging a person only with a milder offence of attempt to rape while the case was prima facie that of gang rape and murder of a girl.\"The chargesheet has been filed in a most non-professional and casual manner by invoking lesser offences. I am deeply anguished to note that till date the investigating agency has not even bothered to probe the aspect of the cause of the girl's death,\" said additional sessions judge ( ASJ) Kamini Lau.Despite medical records suggesting that the 15-year-old girl was raped, police charged accused Hitesh only with attempt to rape and causing grievous hurt to her, Lau said.The court's observations came while putting Hitesh on trial for murder, kidnapping, gang rape, destruction of evidence, among other offences. He is accused of allegedly gang raping the girl with the help of his friend, Monu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670383", "title": "MCD polls: BJP hopes rest on UPA scams", "text": "NEW DELHI: If BJP's campaign during the municipal polls focused on corruption in the Delhi government and at the UPA-led Centre, Congress drew attention to the poor showing of the BJP-led MCD. Congress chose not to respond to the corruption allegations, and instead, hailed its performance in the state to woo voters.BJP released a booklet titled \"Ghotale hi Ghotale\" (scams and more scams) having an illustration of CM Sheila Dikshit holding up a plackard that read \"CWG Scams\". BJP national president Nitin Gadhkari launched a scathing attack against the Congress-ruled Centre and the Delhi government, listing about 35 scams in 95 pages.Congress, however, was not far behind. It hit back at BJP with a white paper titled \"Five Years of Misrule of BJP in MCD\". Terming MCD's performance \"catastrophic\", Congress listed 31 low points in BJP's rule of the civic body. The white paper blamed BJP for the loss of human lives in building collapses in Lalita Park, Chandni Mahal and Uttam Nagar.Radio emerged as a favoured medium for campaigning with Congress, BJP and Delhi Election Commission using it to purvey their messages. Congress in its advertisements on TV, radio, and in newspapers compared the quality of work done by BJP in schools, hospitals, roads and parks to the facilities provided by the Delhi government. The Delhi government's performance was the benchmark in the Congress campaign.The media campaign by BJP urged voters to reject Congress because of the various scams in the Delhi government and at the Centre. It blamed the party for inflation as well.Door-to-door campaigning was visible mostly in slums, unauthorized colonies and rural and urban villages.The upscale colonies and middle classes were given a miss by most candidates.The Congress scored over the BJP by bringing out separate manifestos for the three corporations. It recreated the dream of a world-class city through development and better municipal Governance. The manifestos showcased the various achievements of the Delhi government.BJP's eight-page manifesto, on the other hand, was mostly a repeat of its 2007 election promises. The lacklustre document received criticism from within the party, and BJP followed it up with a vision document on their idea of a world-class Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12677437", "title": "Finally, some respite for commuters", "text": "LUDHIANA: The patch of Ferozepur road in Aggar Nagar will remain a drivers nightmare for next few months, but with construction work of passenger underpass (PUP) near DC office almost complete, commuters will heave a sigh of relief very soon. After a long wait of over one year, finally the traffic on road would become smooth. The PUP would be opened for the public use first and then shops would be auctioned later on.The construction work of PUP near DC complex had started in November 2010 and it was expected to be ready in a yeara??s time. The officials have completed 95% work of this project and only fabrication of the shed over PUP is left. The officials have spent Rs 3.5 crore on its construction.Besides PUP, the authorities have also constructed nine shops where a small market is to be set up.When asked about the project sub-divisional officer of bridges and road department H S Bhullar said, \"Though this project faced several hiccups in the beginning, now we have completed most of the work. We have sought permission for auction of the shops from the Punjab government, but we are yet to get sanction. We would open PUP for public by the end of April.\"Meanwhile, the residents rued that MC authorities have already failed meet several deadlines for the same project so it was doubtful whether they would do it now or not. \"On both sides of road concrete portion is yet to be constructed and we would not get relief unless the construction work comes to an end,\" said Ajay Sharma a trader and resident of Civil Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670397", "title": "MCD polls: Outings on their mind, many voters may give polls a miss", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weddings, vacations, IPL - there were too many things that kept Delhiites busy on Saturday. Nobody wanted to even think about the Sunday elections. With Friday being a holiday for Baisakhi and the weather becoming pleasant over the weekend, many people in the city made plans to go out of station- a fact the Election Commission thinks will affect the voting percentage.On Saturday, there were a lot of weddings in the city. Among them was that of Karol Bagh resident Shilpa Kapoor's sister. \"The wedding has completely occupied my mind. I can't think of anything else,\" she said.Senior MNC executive Ridhima Manchanda has planned a visit to Jaipur to enjoy the weather. She will not exercise franchise on Sunday. She reasons: \"I have never seen my area councillor so I don't really feel connected with the whole issue of municipal elections. Therefore, I will drive down to Jaipur for the weekend with friends.\"Cricket freak Rohit Basu, also an MNC employee, has IPL commitments to keep. \"Sunday has Kolkata Knight Riders taking on King's XI Punjab; I must be in Eden Gardens to cheer for the KKR team. I have family there too,\" said Basu.But for the elderly residents who deal with day-to-day issues, municipal polls mean a lot. \"I will go out and vote as early as 8am. I am sick of our present councillor. In the last five years, I didn't see his face even once. I desperately need change,\" said Anita Gupta of Safdarjung Enclave.RWAs have been trying to create awareness on voting. \"We want to be part of the functioning of corporations. Therefore, we must choose the person we want to work with,\" said Rajiv Karkaria, member, RWA Greater Kailash I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12674012", "title": "Battered girl's employers penalized", "text": "MYSORE: Child Welfare Committee (CWC), a quasi judicial body, on Friday slapped a fine of Rs 30,000 on the employers of a 14-year-old girl who was rescued on Thursday.Razaq, 72, a retired official, and Saheer, 65, residents of Udayagiri, have been directed to do community service at the state home for girls in order to discipline them, for five days. CWC member M L Parashuram said the couple has also been asked to take moral science classes to some six dozen inmates of the girls' home on Narasimharaja Boulevard. The couple appeared before the committee on Friday and paid the fine, of which Rs 25,000 will be kept in the girl's bank account. Razaq has also agreed to look after her educational expenses till she turns a major.Parashuram said their investigation has revealed that the girl has been ill-treated by the couple and that she has suffered injuries. \"Medical examination has confirmed this,\" the member said, adding that the girl was allegedly sold to the couple for Rs 10,000 two years ago.The girl and her mother Nazma are ready to reunite with each other. As Nazma is living with another man after her husband's death, CWC reserved its decision. However, the girl is in CWC custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12669702", "title": "Gaunkar joins Lotus brigade", "text": "PANAJI: With the BJP now firmly in power in the state, it seems many a politician are gravitating towards the party or aspiring to do so. Dominic Gaunkar, a zilla parishad member who contested the recent assembly polls as an independent candidate from Curtorim constituency joined the BJP on Saturday at the BJP office in the city. The move appears to be timed before the forthcoming panchayat polls.After being inducted in the party, Gaunkar told mediapersons that he had \"got an opportunity to work with BJP leaders once again\".\"Just before the final results were declared, I had announced that I would join the BJP and I had also stated that I would support Manohar Parrikar as CM for his efficient administration. Therefore, I have decided to join the BJP and will work for the betterment of my constituency,\" he added.While welcoming Gaunkar into the party fold, Parrikar said the BJP is not a party of any particular region and appeals to every age.\"I appeal to the people of Curtorim to give the party the mandate during the forthcoming panchayat elections so that the benefits announced by the government may percolate down to the people,\" Parrikar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669691", "title": "Rail traffic to remain affected till April 16", "text": "LUCKNOW: The movement of several trains will be affected between April 12 and 16 due to doubling work on Domingarh-Jagatbela-Sahjanwa rail sections. The trains will be cancelled and diverted during the period.The trains which will remain cancelled on April 12 are 15279 Saharsa-Adarshnagar Delhi Poorabiya Express, 15203 Barauni-Lucknow Jn. (starting from Barauni on April 12 and reaching Lucknow Jn. on April 13), 05639 Guwahati-Lucknow Jn. summer special (starting from Guwahati on April 12 and passing through LJn. on April 13) and several passenger trains as well.Similarly, trains which will remain cancelled on April 13 are 05640 Lucknow Jn.-Guwahati summer special, 15208 Lucknow Jn.-Barauni Express, 15273 Raxaul-Delhi Satyagrah Express, 15107 Chhapra-Mathura Jn. Express, 05027 Gorakhpur-Anandvihar summer special, 11124 Gwalior-Barauni Express and 12538 Maduadih-Bapudham Express.Trains to remain cancelled on April 14 are 15204 Lucknow Jn.-Barauni Express, 15203 Barauni-Lucknow Jn. Express, 15007 Maduadih-Lucknow Jn. Express, 11124 Gwalior-Barauni Express and several passenger trains including Gorakhpur-Lucknow intercity.On April 15, train no. 11123 Barauni-Gwalior Express, 15274 Delhi-Raxaul Satyagrah Express (staring from Delhi on April 14 and passing through north eastern railway on April 15), 05028 Anandvihar Termina-Gorakhpur summer special (starting from Anandvihar on April 14 and reaching Gorakhpur on April 15) and several passenger trains will remain cancelled.On April 16, train no. 05904 Chandigarh-Dibrugarh Express will remain cancelled.Similarly, route of the trains will also be diverted. Trains like 18204 Durg-Nautanwa Express, 19710 Kamakhya-Jaipur Express, 15212 Amritsar-Darbhanga Jan Nayak Express, 15201 Saharsa-Amritsar Jansadharan Express, 15097 Barauni-Jammu Tawi Express, 15707 Katihar-Amritsar Express, 14674 Amritsar-Jaynagar Shaheed Express, 12565 Darbhanga-New Delhi Bihar Sampark kranti Express, 19269/19270 Porbander-Muzaffarpur Express, 12523 New Jalpaiguri-New Delhi Express and 12408 Amritsar-New Jalpaiguri Karmabhoomi Express will be diverted during the period.On the other hand, due to repair of bridge no. 68 and 69, between Janghai and Jafrabad, the movement of trains will remain affected on April 13 and 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12670176", "title": "Four officials suspended for irregularities in solar power production", "text": "JAISALMER: The state government on Friday evening suspended four officials including two executive engineers for issuing certificates of production of solar energy even before the work started at the palnts in Pokhran sub-division in Jaisalmer.As per the information, seven out of 10 5MW each solar energy products of Nelco Group in Askandra area of Jaisalmer were to be completed by January 9. In the beginning of January, the commissioning certificate was issued for completing the work of plants, which also showed power generation.Nelco had deposited a bank guarantee of Rs 85 crore and as per the agreement, these projects were to be completed by January 8. If the work is not completed by January 8, 20% of the guarantee money was to be forfeited for the delay between January 9 and February 9. For further delay between February 9 and March 9, the guarantee money was to be forfeited along with imposing 40% penalty. In case of non-completion of work by March 10, the entire money was to be forfeited. There is a condition in the agreement that after March 10, whatever is the delay, a penalty of Rs 1 lakh per MW per day was payable.As Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation Limited (RRECL) is monitoring these projects, the officers in the first week of January issued a commissioning certificate for these solar projects.Later on getting complaints on these cases, the state government handed over the case to Rajasthan Discom Power Procurement Cell (RDPPC) for investigation. The cell had received complaints of 20 solar energy companies out of which Jodhpur discom chief engineer N M Chauhan was given investigation of 10 companies, whereas investigation of remaining 10 companies was handed over to Ajmer discom chief engineer (commercial) BR Choudhary. Jodhpur discom chief engineer submitted his report to energy secretary Naresh Pal Gangwar on Wednesday.Jodhpur discom secretary Aslam Mehan confirmed that complaints of irregularities were received over setting up of solar projects in Pokhran. After the investigation, it was found that officers had given wrong information to the government and many irregularities were found. On Friday evening, the government suspended four officers including officiating executive engineer NK Brar and executive engineer Lalit Soni. The other two officers who have been suspended include project incharge Dinesh Kumar Changani and Pokhran-based Prasaran Nigam assistant engineer M L Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668973", "title": "Now, police question starlet", "text": "MUMBAI: The Amboli police on Saturday questioned a starlet in connection with the disappearance of an aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar. Investigators questioned Rozlyn Khan-who has a role in an under-production film-about the nature of her relationship with Kakkar. The police also questioned three female friends of model Simran Sood who is in custody for allegedly kidnapping Kakkar. Officials said Sood hasn't been cooperating in the investigation.Kakkar (28), a resident of Oberoi Springs in Andheri (W), was last accounted for on March 5. His Delhi-based family filed a missing complaint with the Amboli police on March 11 and suggested the possible involvement of Sood and Vijay Palande, who is the prime accused in the Arunkumar Tikku murder case. The police, however, did not act quickly until after Tikku's death. Palande, too, hasn't revealed much information to the cops. The police have been going through the phone records of both Sood and Palande.\"Sood told the police that Rozlyn was seeing the aspiring producer. But we clarified that this is not true and that Rozlyn only shared a professional relationship with Kakkar,\" Rozlyn's lawyer, Rizwan Siddiquee said. \"We have provided the cops with text messages exchanged between Rozlyn and Kakkar. Kakkar had plans to float a production house and Rozlyn had met him in that connection.\" The police has launched nation-wide hunt for Kakkar's missing BMW.Besides his car, Kakkar's iPad, laptop and gold, silver, diamond ornaments are also missing. Palande's aide Dhananjay Shinde has expressed his intention to turn into an approver in the Tikku case. He is now in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12669586", "title": "Swedish woman found dead in Calangute", "text": "PANAJI: A 36-year-old Swedish woman was found dead in her room in Calangute, Bardez, on Saturday.Calangute police said that Maria Klingberg, 36, had come to Goa with her 61-year-old British boyfriend and was staying at a room in Calangute. \"The boyfriend informed us that she was in the room and reading a book, when she suddenly collapsed. He suspects that she suffered a stroke and became motionless,\" police said.The boyfriend called the 108 ambulance. \"On checking the woman, they declared that she was dead,\" the police added. The police have registered a case of unnatural death and sent the body to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim for a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "12678593", "title": "Evenings are time to catch up with friends, god", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: This group of elderly women believes in hitting two birds with one stone as they come to their area park for an evening walk and sit together to pray. These women have been doing this for the past 12 years and in this way they get a chance to come out of their houses and sit together for a light chit chat.These ladies recite prayers because they feel instead of wasting time in backbiting they should pray. Moreover, evening walk helps them maintain their health. But after reciting prayers, the ladies talk about daily soaps, new recipes and share family issues with each other.While telling about their activities every evening a homemaker Krishna Sharma said, \"During evening hours reciting of hymns and prayers give strength and inner peace to me and this is the reason I come here daily without a single miss.\" She further said that they had started this activity around 12 years ago and gradually several ladies joined them but half a dozen of them were regular visitors.Meanwhile another elder lady Sukesh Sharma chipped in and said, \"We remain indoors all throughout the day and only in the evening hours we get sometime to come out and sit together. We do everything from worshipping to chit chat.\" She told even ladies who come here to meet their children settled in city come here and get mixed with them during their stay here. Rajkarni who has come here to meet her daughter said, \"I basically belong to Bathinda but my daughter is married here so I have come here for the past 3 months and when I saw these ladies coming here and doing prayers I also joined them.\" She further said she is enjoying their company.In this group religion is no bar as they respect every religion equally. \"Some ladies belong to Hindu religion while some belong to Sikh religion but when it comes to recite prayers we respect both religions and sing prayers of Hindu as well as Sikh religion.\" She further said that she never missed evening walk and this activity in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669528", "title": "'No ideal parenting, only an effective one'", "text": "NAGPUR: Parenting is tough and anybody taking the plunge into this full-time job undergoes a lot of anxiety. The question whether the job is being done in the right manner or not continues to haunt most parents despite having several years of experience. Trying to make their task easier was well known psychiatrist Dr Anand Nadkarni who gave some valuable tips to parents. He told them to stop thinking of becoming perfect parents as 'ideal parenting' is only a myth.The Thane-based psychiatrist is in the city to deliver a series of lectures 'Samvadmala'. On Saturday, he also conducted a workshop on parenting that was jointly organized by the Geriatric Society of India (Vidarbha chapter), Adolescent Health Academy and Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society.\"Parenting is not a one-size-fits-all thing. Every child needs a different approach depending on his own unique personality,\" he told parents. Some of the important pointers that Dr Nadkarni gave included widening the circle of one's acquaintances, concentrating on an open channel of communication and respecting the individuality of all children.He spoke about the evolution of parenting through generations stressing the need for a graceful acceptance of social and lifestyle changes by parents. \"The talk gave us several points of retrospection towards the betterment of family and social relationships. He told us how there needs to be a change in the family atmosphere and value system to understand the different emotions and motivations of the new generation,\" said Madan Kulkarni, retired head of the Marathi department of Nagpur University.Dr Vijay Rodke, an eye surgeon from Bhandara, who had come to the city specially to attend the lectures agreed. \"Through the lecture, we got several practically implementable ways of improving child care and tackling adolescents. Not just as parents, we also learnt a few things about human behaviour in general,\" he said.\"Several of the golden mantras that Dr Nadkarni gave us included a stress on effective parenting rather than an ideal one, avoiding labelling children, unconditional acceptance and providing a good security system. Though, we keep hearing and reading about such things, this lecture gave us a solution-based approach interspersed with many examples,\" said Pallavi Dadhe, principal of St Xavier's High School, Hingna and a mother to two preschoolers. One lesson that she said she had taken to heart was the statement by Dr Nadkarni that parenting is a partnership that needs negotiations with children sometimes.It wasn't just those dealing with kids on a daily basis that came for the tips, though. Chartered accountant Ravi Ramani decided to accompany his friend Yogita Chhablani, a budding psychologist. \"The things that I learnt today will stand me in good stead when I become a parent. After listening to the different kinds of problems that the other parents are facing, I will be better prepared to play the role well,\" he said.Parents MustAccept the individuality of the child and not label himBuild a good social security and support system for kidsNurture children as an important part of their livesHave different strategies. An understanding between them is essential to do the task wellBecoming too result-oriented would stop them from enjoying the beauty of parenthoodDon't sacrifice bonding at the altar of achievementEmpathize with children because you too have been through this phaseAny change cannot be brought about immediately. Be patient", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669611", "title": "Lucknow university MBA fails to market itself", "text": "LUCKNOW: Management courses running at Lucknow University have failed to attract candidates. The total applications received for 11 MBA (Master of Business Administration) courses at LU are nearly 900. In 2011, more than 1,650 applicants had applied for admissions.The MBA admission process was started by the university on September 20, 2011 which continued till December 10. In more than two and half months, the university received merely 800 applications. The admission process was thrown open once again from January 25-March 31. Even after this, only 100 applicants turned up, taking the number to nearly 900.Last year, when LU has received over 1,650 applications, nearly 440 students took the admission against 660 seats. While MBA (Petroleum Technology and Management) remained suspended, not a single application came for MBA (Agri-Business) and MBA (Rural Development and Management). Even in 2010, there were no applications for MBA (Agri-Business). Barring these two, there were vacant seats in three other courses which include MBA (Retail Management), MBA (Corporate Management) and MBA (Management Science). The total number of seats in LU's 11 MBA programs is 660.Citing reasons for the decline, officer on-special-duty, Institute of Management Sciences, LU, Prof JK Sharma said, \"It is not only about LU. There has been an overall decline in the number of aspirants keen on doing MBA. Every year, the total number of aspirants appearing in CAT exam is dropping. Hence, the overall effect is visible.\" He added that supply is outstripping demand, when it comes to management institutes, and jobs are insufficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669247", "title": "Students learn of ideas worth spreading", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students of PEC University of Technology played host to a number of stirring and thought provoking lectures by illustrious personalities on Friday, at an event titled TED, a global set of conferences formed to disseminate \"Ideas Worth Spreading\".The conference brings together people from three different areas: Technology, Entertainment and Design (TED). The theme of the talks at PEC was \"Purpose of Purpose\". The speakers enlightened the audience through their interesting and engrossing talks.John Butt, an Islamic scholar and broadcaster for BBC, noted as the first and only Westerner to graduate from Darul Uloom Deoband was the key speaker. He said he continues to promote what he sees as \"mainstream\" Islam in his myriad roles including creating a university in Jalalabad and offering a moderate alternative to radical clerics.The event began with a speech by Akash Gautam, a motivator and success coach. Dr Ashok Balyan, CEO of Petronet LNG , shared valuable insights on life, its complexities and the ingredients of success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12674041", "title": "Police hands over Panjimogaru double-murder case to Criminal Investigation Department", "text": "MANGALORE: With investigations into the sensational Panjimogaru double-murder case hitting a dead end, DG and IGP AR Infant has accepted a recommendation made by Mangalore City Police to transfer the case to Criminal Investigation Department (CID). Unknown miscreants had knifed Razia, 35, wife of Hameed, a scrap dealer, and his daughter Zuha, 8, at their residence of the Kulur-Kavoor road under Kavoor police station limits on June 28, 2011.The CID, a specialised investigating agency of Karnataka state police, has already taken over the case with an officer of the rank of deputy superintendent of police taking possession of all case related documents.Zuha, a student of Lady Hill Victoria Girl's School, was an unintended victim as she had stayed back home owing to fever and had not gone to school that day. The miscreants fearing she would disclose their identity fatally attacked the girl too.The city police chief Seemant Kumar Singh told STOI that it is almost nine months to date ever since the daylight murder rocked the city. \"Mangalore City Police employed all resources at its command in an effort to crack the case,\" Seemant said adding that this turned out to be one case that city police could not solve. \"We did not have leads,\" he said, adding decision to hand over the case to CID was also based on requests from Hameed and his family.Seemant in fact had set up teams to nab the accused, but they drew a blank. \"We looked into all possible angles that could help us unravel the murder mystery, but to no avail,\" he said. Administrative transfer of investigating officers Valentine D'Souza, then CPI, Panambur, and Ananthapadmanabha, PSI, Kavoor too meant that there was no continuity in investigations, Seemant said, adding the case needed fresh and specialised perspective that CID offers.Muneer Katipalla, district president, Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) told STOI that the decision though belated is a welcome one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12670495", "title": "15 former BSP ministers under lens for funds fraud", "text": "VARANASI: UP Lokayukta N K Mehrotra on Saturday accused politicians, contractors and engineers of siphoning off funds allotted under JNNURM and said a probe was on into charges of corruption against 15 former ministers in the Mayawati government and 37 ex-MLAs in this and several other schemes.\"Investigation into charges of corruption is underway against 15 former ministers and 37 ex-MLAs during BSP rule in JNNURM and other schemes,\" Mehrotra said.\"Maximum number of complaints are against former minister Nasimuddin Siddiqui, mostly related to amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669322", "title": "Haryana CPS hospitalized after intake of poison", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chief parliamentary secretary Ram Kishan Fauji had to be urgently admitted to PGI, Chandigarh, after he was found unconscious at his official residence in Sector 12A Panchkula on Saturday morning. Poisoning was said to be the alleged cause of his condition. Sources said Fauji is critical and the poison was \"probably a pesticide\".Fauji is one of the Dalit faces in the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) and represents Bhawani Khera (reserve) assembly segment. Staffers on duty at his residence broke open the washroom door when Fauji did not respond to door knocks. Soon after, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and colleagues reached the hospital.Medicos of the Haryana government and Panchkula police refused to comment. \"We arrived after travelling for seven hours and we have no clear picture of the happening,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670290", "title": "Seven districts identified as high-risk polio areas", "text": "JAIPUR: Slum areas and places where migratory population resides in the state have been identified as high risk areas by the medical health and family welfare department in its efforts to prevent fresh polio case from resurfacing.The department officials said their job has become more challenging after the WHO removed India from polio endemic countries' list. In Rajasthan, no new case of polio has been detected since 2009. The last case in the state was detected on November 27, 2009 in Bharatpur.However, around 3,500 sites have been identified by the department as high risk areas after surveying all the districts. Among these areas are those where nomads and migratory population live. These high risk sites also include slums, brick kilns and construction sites.As part of its continuing efforts to prevent polio, pule polio drops will be administered to under-five children in the state on April 15. Principal health secretary B N Sharma said arrangements have been made to administer polio drops to under-five children at construction sites, brick kilns and slums and to children of migratory population and nomads.Among the high risk districts are Ajmer, Alwar, Bharatpur, Dausa, Dholpur, Jaipur and Jodhpur. The medium risk districts are Barmer, Bikaner, Pali, Shriganganagar, Dungarpur, Jaisalmer, Karauli and Udaipur. The officials said these districts have been identified scientifically by the Centre in collaboration with its partners (consultation specialists). They took scientific epidemiological approach and included aspects like viral appearance previous history, routine immunization, geographical terrain and surveillance history when identifying a risk area.An official involved in polio vaccination drive said, \"The slums would be the major concern for us as the sanitation and nutrition levels are quite low in these areas. There are slums in Jaipur which also need proper surveillance and polio vaccination.\"The department claimed that they have stepped up activities in all the districts especially in the high-risk districts to find out acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) cases. \"AFP means sudden onset of weakness and floppiness in any part of the body in a child under 15-years of age or paralysis in a person of any age, in whom polio is suspected.\"True AFP cases should always be reported immediately. The AFP cases could include transverse myelitis, paraplegias, isolated neck paralysis, transient paralysis, viral neuritis, post-injection paralysis (traumatic neuritis), wrist/foot drop, flaccidity anytime during a course of illness, the official said.The officials claimed that the number of AFP cases have increased in 2011, which shows that surveillance has improved in the state. \"In 2011, around 1,826 AFP cases were reported while in 2010, around 1,321 AFP cases were reported. Tests were conducted and no polio case was detected among them. A polio case is always a AFP case, but an AFP case is not always a polio case as there are many other diseases which cause AFP, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670593", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority's plan to shift office turned down", "text": "GURGAON: The financial commissioner has rejected the Haryana Urban Development Authority's (HUDA) proposal to bring all its offices under one roof in its building at C-1, Infocity, Sector 34.The building until recently was occupied by HCL, an IT firm. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar had been toying with the idea of gradually shifting all the authority offices across the city to the building after the firm recently shifted its office somewhere else.HUDA had also struck a deal with the IT firm over equipment and other facilities in the building. Financial commissioner S S Dhillon said: \"There is no need to have all the HUDA offices in the building since the authority already has enough office space of its own in the city.\"HUDA has now drawn up a plan of renting the building again. \"There is nothing wrong in renting the building after expiry of the firm's lease,\" said Dhillon. The lease agreement of HCL expired on March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12670864", "title": "China to help Pak in Siachen rescue operation", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese army specialists have been sent to assist rescuers trying to reach 139 Pakistani soldiers trapped under an avalanche that slammed into Pakistan's highest battalion headquarters near Siachen last week.The Chinese defence ministry said the specialists are equipped with technical devices and were sent after Pakistan sought their help in rescuing the soldiers trapped since April 7. There is little hope that rescuers would find anybody alive.Earlier, experts from the US, Switzerland and Germany had flown in to assist Pakistani rescuers. Islamabad apparently delayed receiving Chinese experts in the disputed area due to Indian sensitivities as Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari visited India a day after the disaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670406", "title": "MCD polls: Communist Party of India hopes to gain toehold", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Communist Party of India (CPI) are confident of gaining a foothold in city politics through the municipal elections. CPI has fielded nine candidates for the East Delhi Corporation, three for the south and five for the north. Fourteen candidates had contested the 2007 civic polls, but none of them won.\"This time, we stand a good chance. The big parties have failed to deliver and there is widespread corruption. People want change,\" said Dinesh Varshney, assistant secretary of CPI's Delhi State Council. He said the party had given tickets to many Christian and Muslim candidates from diverse professions and backgrounds.\"We are counting on winning at least five seats,\" said Bharat Bhushan Masih, who is contesting from the Anarkali ward in east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669965", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 15.4l stolen", "text": "PATNA: Cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 15.40 lakh were stolen from the house of one Ashutosh Kumar located at Miti Bagh locality under Rupuspur police station late on Friday night. Kumar is manager with a two-wheeler company, having its office at RPS Mor.Ashutosh said on Saturday that he, along with his family members, was sleeping on the first floor of his house. The thieves entered the house after breaking the grill, broke open an almirah in a ground-floor room and took away Rs 2.40 lakh in cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 13 lakh.\"We noticed the theft on Saturday morning,\" said Ashutosh and added that he had lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned.Two drowned: Two persons, including a woman, drowned in the Ganga while taking bath at two different ghats in the state capital on Saturday.In the first incident at Terhi Ghat under Khajekalan police station, a middle-aged woman, Sita Devi , a resident of the ghat area, drowned. She was rescued and rushed to NMCH by the locals, where the attending doctors declared her dead.In another incident, a youth, Navneet Anand, drowned when he was taking bath at Gandhi Ghat under Pirbahore police station on Saturday. Police said that Anand, a native of Madhepura, was staying at a rented house at Sultanganj and was preparing for engineering entrance examination.Anand went into deep water and was drowned. Later, his body was fished out and sent to PMCH for autopsy, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673920", "title": "Pulse Polio campaign begins today", "text": "MYSORE: The second phase of Pulse Polio Immunization Campaign by South Western Railway Hospital (Mysore division) will be held from Sunday.SWR divisional railway manager (Mysore division) Vinod Kumar will formally launch the campaign at Mysore railway station at 9.30am by administering the vaccine to the children of travellers.Special booths are being set up at important railway stations which come under the division for the four-day campaign, wherein children up to five years will be immunized. Children who have already been administered the vaccine could be given yet another dose. The hospital authorities have made arrangements for sending qualified teams on-board important trains running in the division for administering the vaccine. An average of 20,000 people travel from/ to the Mysore station.Dr Pradeep Kumar, chief medical superintendent of Railway Hospital (Mysore division), has called upon parents of children to avail the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12679922", "title": "Bihu Samragri competition on April 17", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Bihu sanmilanis (committees) in the city not only provide entertainment to thousands of Bihu revellers but also hold competitions for young women that make them eligible to win the coveted title of 'Bihu Samragri'. Young women take part in the Bihu Konwari and Bihu Rani competitions held in the various sanmilanis of the city.The participants require grace, elegance and a traditional knowledge of Assamese dance, songs, attire and the overall knowledge of Bihu itself to win the competitions, which qualify them to participate in the last round to win the title of Bihu Samragri (Bihu Empress).The Bihu Konwari and Bihu Rani competitions vary from tolis to tolis. The competitors have to clear the first round of Bihu Konwari to be selected for the second round termed as Bihu Rani or Assam Bihuoti. The women who clear the second round is eligible to take part in the final round, termed as 'Bihu Samragri'.The Bihu Konwari and Bihu Rani competitions vary from tolis to tolis. The competitors have to clear the first round of Bihu Konwari to be selected for the second round termed as Bihu Rani or Assam Bihuoti. The women who clear the second round is eligible to take part in the final round, termed as 'Bihu Samragri'.\"It is not a joke to take part in the competition as it requires a lot of hard work and talent. The participants are aware that every intricate detail regarding their attire, style of dancing, singing, their knowledge of Assamese culture and triditions, and Bihu itself will be noticed by the judges. The judges notice the entry and exit style of the participants, how they are dressed, whether the ornaments they are wearing are in perfect combination with the dress, how they sing the Bihu songs and then place their judgment,\" said Deepali Das Bhuyan, a noted Sattriya and Bihu danseuse and also a former judge of the Bihu Samragri competition.The Bihu Samragri finals are held at the Guwahati Bihu Sanmilani at the historic Latasil ground. The finals will be held on April 17 this year.Debangana Sutia, a former Bihu Samragri winner said, \"It all depends on hard work and perseverance. When I took part, I barley found time for anything else as I practised for four hours every day. I stuck to the rustic elements rather than improvising on the traditional style. I advise this year's participants to stick to the roots and know our culture well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12669587", "title": "Chandrapur cops seize 125 litres of liquor", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Undercover cops nabbed 16 persons for carrying illegal liquor and seized over 125 litres of country and foreign liquor meant for luring the voters in civic elections on Friday night. A total of 12 offences were registered and booty worth over Rs 7 lakh including liquor and vehicles were seized by cops from two police stations in the town.After campaigning for civic elections came to an end on Friday evening, some candidates switched to illegal means to tap the favour of voters, particularly in slum and economically backward areas. The carriers, mobilized by the contestants to fetch liquor to draw the voters, were intercepted and arrested by cops at different places till late in the night.Ramnagar police registered six offences of illegal liquor smuggling in the night and arrested nine persons.In all 75 litres of liquor along with a car collectively worth Rs 6.05 lakh was seized by the cops. Arrested accused are Akash Dodani son of a BJP contestant from Kamgar slum ward and Khushal Girhe brother of a Shiv Sena contestant from Civil ward.Similarly city police arrested seven accused in six offences of liquor smuggling during the same night. They seized 50 litres of liquor and six bikes collectively worth Rs 1.97 lakh from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668685", "title": "Aspirants lose sleep over IIT-JEE \u2018goof-up\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after the Indian Institute of Technology-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE) was held across the country, students are now raising doubts over a question in the physics section of paper-II.The students claim that there was a printing error in a diagram on which the question was based. \"According to the query, there was a shaded region in the disc. However, none of the regions were shaded. The question carried three marks,\" said a student on the condition of anonymity.\"The diagram had a shaded region on one side of its diameter and an unshaded section on the other side as it is shown in the figure. The question set a condition and gave students four options based on the shaded and unshaded regions,\" said another student.\"Several students who got paper code 4 and 7 have complained that the diagram was completely white and had no shaded region. Some others, who received the paper bearing other codes, claimed that the same question had a shaded portion. IIT-JEE organizers usually print different question papers with the same questions but change the chronological order,\" he added.The IITs have ruled out any compensation marks. \"I am not claiming that the diagram was prominently shaded in the question paper but the students would have spotted the shaded section had they looked closely,\" said chairperson of IIT-JEE 2012 GB Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "murkudoh (gondia)", "code": "12670148", "title": "Harassed by Naxals, villagers seek relocation", "text": "MURKUDOH (GONDIA): On April 4, angry villagers from Murkudoh and Dandari of Salekasa Tehsil in Gondia, boarded a few open mini trucks and headed towards the district headquarters to meet the collector. They were demanding a police post and a pucca road in their area. Else, they wanted the entire two villages to be relocated. The demand has put both, the administration and the security forces, in a fix.The villagers were from a cluster of five hamlets in Murkudoh-Dandari, which is located at the tri-junction of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh , and has a strong Naxal influence. The five hamlets, along with Katema in Rajnandgaon in Chhattisgarh and Katipar in Madhya Pradesh, are considered as 'liberated' zones by the Naxals. Around 166 families from the Gond tribe reside in the five hamlets.For three years now, the Reds have not allowed the villagers to unfurl the Tricolour or celebrate any day of national importance in the village which is about 240kms from Nagpur. The Naxal influence has been so strong that instead of Republic or Independence Days, the villagers are forced to 'observe' Naxals' Martyrs' Week, People's Liberation of Guerrilla Army Week, International Women's Day celebration, Mahabhoomkal Day and other such programmes. The villagers also said they had never seen MPs or MLAs of the region in the last few years.When TOI toured the village on April 9, they were a little subdued and had somewhat backed off from the relocation demand. However, they insist that the problems are for real and the protest was an outcome of the situation they have been subjected to for the last two decades. \"We have been demanding amenities like roads and other facilities,\" said Shankarlal Uikey of Murkudoh. \"We want the police post as there is no security. The villagers are torn between the police and the Naxals. The rebels seek help and police targets us for that,\" he added.\"A dam being constructed nearby for which the 22km Murkudoh-Dhanegaon road is cut-off for three months in the monsoon. We have to take a circuitous 10-km walk through a forested area to go out of the village,\" said Uikey. He claimed that once the road connectivity is established till Dhanegaon, up to which point the road is quite motorable, it would help them access Darekasa railway station, another 3 kms away, easily. Darekasa falls on the Nagpur-Howrah rail route.The 10-km road between Murkudoh and Dhanegaon via Daldali Kuhi is their foremost demand. \"We are unable to ferry modern equipment and other heavy material,\" said another villager. Apart from agriculture, bamboo-cutting is another means of livelihood here.Gyaniram Kunjam, resident of Dandari village, said that on several occasions villagers have died before they could get medical assistance. \"We will stage a bigger dharna than what we did earlier to ensure our demands are met,\" he said.The villagers know that making the demands to the administration may antagonize the Naxals. But they are prepared to take them head on. \"The Naxals surely cannot eliminate everyone in the villages,\" said Lachchman Madavi.A senior official in the district administration questioned the suddenness of the protest. \"Why and how they managed to come from a highly sensitive place in trucks and land at the collector's office is not clear. Who funded their movement in such large numbers is also a mystery,\" he said.The security agencies fell that the protest is a mere eyewash to ensure that the police do not take action against the villagers for harbouring Naxals. \"It's an established fact that the villagers are friendly with the Naxals and sympathetic to their cause. A person ( Roshan Tekam) from Murkudoh was recently arrested. By protesting, the villagers may be trying to exert pressure on us not to arrest more from the same village,\" said a senior police official.\"The protest was for roads and police stations but they have also demanded the release of the arrested person,\" the cop added.Police sources said that three new armed outposts are under consideration for the entire district, including one at Murkudoh. \"Opening a police post without taking into consideration other logistics like a motorable road would be foolhardy,\" they said.Gondia SP Chandra Kishore Mina said that the villagers might have been enthused by the relocation of another village due to forest issues. \"They got compensation as per the rules and the villagers of Murkudoh and Dandari may have had similar aspirations,\" he said.Mina said that Rs 30 lakh for a stretch of six-km stretch has already been sanctioned under the Integrated Action Plan for Naxal-affected villages. \"It is now up to the Public Works Department to execute the road project,\" he said. \"We have also assured the people that there would no action if some harmless help like food is offered to the Naxals but one cannot expect us to be lenient if any act by them leads to the loss of security forces.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanyakuamri", "code": "12669917", "title": "Families await missing fishermen in Colachel", "text": "KANYAKUAMRI: Come this 19th, it will be two months since the seven fishermen who sailed from Colachel went missing without a trace. Their families are waiting painfully for their loved ones to return. On February 19, Andrews, Antony Rooban and Johnson from Keela Manakudi, Antony Raj from Simon Colony, Sahaya Kanistan, Varghese and Maria Michael from Colachel set out to fish, from Colachel Fishing Harbour in a boat belonging to Maria Michael. On February 23, the boat developed a snag mid-sea and they informed their co-fishing boat that they were leaving to the shore after rectifying it. They went missing that night and failed to be traced in spite of all search operations undertaken ever since.At Keela Manakudi, Pareena, mother of Antony Rooban, clings on to the Bible as her last hope. \"My son was the only bread winner for the family and with three daughters, I am struggling to believe that something untoward has happened to him,\" she says hiding her tears. The missing fishermen were the only breadwinners for their families.\"The entire family survived with the income of my husband. I am struggling to run the family without any income. In another two months, I have to pay college fees for my daughter, who is entering into her third year,\" laments Isprithal, wife of Johnson, one among the missing from Keela Manakudi.The families are not ready to believe that the fishermen may have been killed mid-sea by way of a collision with merchant ships.\"Had something untoward happened to them, we would have known and some traces would have been found of the sinking boat. But nothing has been found so far. If something had happened to my husband, I would have known in my heart. But I still believe he is alive somewhere or could have been captured by some passing ships,\" says Sunila, the young wife of Maria Michael. The couple has a three-year-old son who is playing around unaware of the grief of the family. Sadly, every family believes that the missing fishermen are not dead and are living somewhere perhaps, anguishing in some uninhabited island or held captive.\"After we learnt that the fishermen went missing, we carried out all sorts of rescue operations. Aerial searches were carried out three times and Coast Guard ships combed the entire area for 10 to 12 days,\" said Antony Xavier, Assistant Director, Fisheries. From the department, six boats along with coast guard vessels combed the entire fishing grounds but found no trace of the fishermen, he said. \"A maritime alert has been issued to all nearby countries. Merchant ships passing in the area were also informed about the fishermen. But nothing has materialised so far,\" Xavier said.Officials ruled out the possibilities of the fishermen stranded in faraway islands or being held captive. \"They may have collided with a merchant ship and drowned mid-sea. Their traces would have been washed away since the news that they went missing was known only after three days,\" an official said. However, the families are not ready to buy these theories and are waiting painfully for any news of their survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670554", "title": "Cutting-edge tech to test roads", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is all set to switch over to \"core cutting\", the latest technology for testing the quality of roads being constructed in new sectors in Gurgaon.At present, the agency depends on an archaic method that involves testing of construction material used by the contractor and specification of the roads.Relying on the old method is the key reason for the bad conditions of the roads in the city since it leaves enough room for manipulation and fudging of reports.To weed out corruption in sample checking, HUDA has now engaged Sriram Institute for Industrial Research for carrying out quality checks in all the forthcoming and under-construction roads in the city.The new system will be used for checking roads being built in new sectors 89-115, and the agency is pumping Rs 3.66 crore for road construction.In the new technique, a portion of the constructed road will be sliced off and then checked to find out different technical aspects.The samples will be taken from different places on the road after completion of the construction.The decision to change the method of checking construction quality was taken recently.\"The samples will be taken from different locations between the beginning to the end of the road to find out if the quality is uniform throughout the stretch or not,\" said a HUDA official.The examination of samples will reveal aspects like binder contents, thickness, field density and grading of the entire road length.In the past, there have been allegations that the entire process of checking road construction quality was a sham because of the connivance of the contractor in question and HUDA officials.The road quality report in many cases used to be perfect but after three months the condition of the roads used to deteriorate.To ensure no one flouts the rules, the entire procedure of collecting samples of the roads will be videographed with details of date and time.\"The payment will be made after the sample report confirms that the quality of the road constructed is as per the specifications of HUDA,\" said Praveen Kumar , HUDA administrator.The contractor or his representative will also be present at the time of taking the sample and the team of Sriram laboratory will take samples on its own in the presence of senior HUDA officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12672792", "title": "Haj to be once in a lifetime affair only, Centre tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has informed the Supreme Court that it has decided to restrict Haj pilgrimage at government subsidy to Muslims only as a \"once in a lifetime\" affair as against the existing policy of \"once in five years\".In an affidavit filed before the apex court, the government said the new guidelines have been framed to ensure that priority is given to those applicants who have never performed Haj.\"This is a major change introduced for the first time. Restrict the number of pilgrimages to a Haj applicant through HCOI (Haj Committee of India) to 'once in a lifetime' as against the existing 'once in five years'. This will ensure that the Haji will benefit from government subsidy only once in his/her lifetime. It will also ensure that priority is given to those applicants who have never performed Haj,\" the Centre said.The government, however, refrained from disclosing the amount of subsidy being incurred by it for 2012 saying, \"The exact figure in respect of the travel subsidy to the pilgrims going through Haj Committee of India for 2012 will be known after the Hajis completed their Haj journey and return to India.\"According to the government, priority will be given to those who are in the 70 plus category and those who had unsuccessfully applied thrice earlier for the subsidy.The Centre's affidavit comes in the backdrop of certain searching questions raised by the apex court on February 24.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai had directed the Centre to provide details of subsidy given by it and criteria adopted for allocation of seats to state committees.The apex court frowned at the practice of sending official delegations to accompany the pilgrims and had asked the Centre to furnish entire details regarding Haj subsidy, as also to the criteria adopted.The apex court was hearing an appeal filed by the Centre challenging a Bombay high court judgement which had directed the Ministry of External Affairs to allow certain private operators to operate the services of 800 of the 11,000 pilgrims earmarked under the VIP quota subsidised by the government.Earlier, the bench had pulled up the Centre's practice of \"politicising\" the annual Haj pilgrimage by permitting official delegations to accompany the pilgrims, for which the government offers huge subsidy, saying, \"It's a bad religious practice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12669413", "title": "No rallies without approval, Congress leaders told", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to rein in factionalism within the party and to stop senior leaders from causing embarrassment to the party by holding parallel rallies, Congress high command has decided to put an end to all this by ensuring that in future all public meetings and rallies in the state are held only after its approval. The decision has come after Union minister Virbhadra Singh held a rally in Palampur on Saturday where Union minister Anand Sharma and state party chief Kaul Singh Thakur had held a public meeting on April 10.Factionalism in Himachal unit of Congress party is at its peak and parallel rallies and meetings have left the party leaders and workers divided. Instead of coming together on a single platform, Congress leaders are busy in holding separate rallies in the state.According to sources, after seeing the party losing its chances of returning to power due to infighting, party high command has decided that in future rallies would be held only after the approval of the eight-member state coordination committee headed by state party in-charge Virender Singh. Sources informed that instead of strengthening the party, senior leaders in the state are busy in strengthening themselves by holdings parallel rallies in same venues or district. \"In the coming days Virbhadra Singh's supporters have already planned around 45 rallies for him in the state while supporters of Anand Sharma too have planned rallies for him,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673942", "title": "Ban on ore transport affects South Western Railway Mysore division revenue", "text": "MYSORE: Due to the blanket ban on the movement of export-quality ore by the state government, the goods earning of South Western Railway (SWR, Mysore division) has come down by 20.91%, and the goods earnings, which was Rs 429.86 crore last year (2010-11), has come down to Rs 339.98 crore this year (2011-12). This has affected the total earning of the division by 12%. The total earning of the division, which was Rs 592.44 crore last year, has come down to Rs 518.26 crore (2011-12).But the division has registered improvement in its performance in originating loading, passenger earnings and performance efficiency during 2011-12. The division has achieved originating loading of 6.104 million tonnes (6.2%), higher than the target of 5.750 million tonnes set for the division, and 22.2% higher than 4.996 million tonnes during 2010-11.\"We have transported 4.92 crore of passengers during 2011-12 as compared to 4.2 crore of last year. The passenger earnings at Rs 156.02 crore have shown a reasonable increase. This is an increase of 10% and has also exceeded the target (Rs 154.15 crore). Earnings from other coaching and sundry stood at Rs.9.12 crore and Rs13.14 crore, respectively. Through ticket checking, we have collected a fine of Rs 24.40 lakh during the current year as compared to Rs 15.35 lakh -- 60.62% increase against the target (Rs 15.19 lakh), and 58.88% increase against previous year. It also achieved 90.74% punctuality in respect of mail and express trains, and 92.58% punctuality in respect of passenger trains. No single incident of rail roko was staged at Mysore railway station in the last two years,\" added Vinod, divisional railway manager (Mysore division).New lines\"During 2012-13, the division will conduct new surveys between Haveri and Sirsi and Shimoga-Shikaripura-Ranebennur. The division has sent a proposal to the Planning Commission for new lines between Gadag and Haveri. During the financial year, the division will complete the new lines between Sakharayapatna-Kanivehalli, Kanivehalli-Chikamagalur, and Hiresave-Shravanabelagola. The doubling work between Ballakere-Birur and Birur-Shivani will also be completed. A survey for electrification between Mysore-Hassan-Mangalore (including Hassan-Arasikere), Bangalore-Tumkur-Hubli-Londa-Vasco (including Birur-Talaguppa) and Chikjajur-Bellary will be conducted during the financial year,\" he added.The division has also planned escalator, air-conditioned dormitory and video-based complaint and grievance registration kiosk at the Mysore station. Battery-operated buggies for the benefit of physically challenged and senior citizens at important stations will also be set up. The division has taken steps to ensure adequate hygiene in coaches. The division has also introduced mechanized cleaning system at coaching depots of Mysore and Arasikere.Better facilities\"In order to ensure transparency, Service Registers and Annual Performance Appraisal Reports have been made available to the employees through website. Divisional News Letter will be published from May to communicate information of the division to the entire division. The division will soon appoint 972 group D staff,\" the DRM said.In recognition of exemplary performance Anthonydoss, Gangmate/ SSE/ PW/ MYS, and Sanjay R Karekar, SI/ RPF/ DVG, will be conferred Railway Minister's Award this year, said Vinod.On the occasion, the DRM awarded 110 staff for their \"meritorious work\" and 14 group award (consisting of 157 employees) for their \"exceptional team work\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669703", "title": "Varsity students meet Punia with demands", "text": "LUCKNOW: Continuing their protest, first semester scheduled caste MBA students of Lucknow University met Scheduled Castes Commission chairman PL Punia and handed over a representation to him. The students have alleged anomalies in evaluation process, as a result of which more than 50% students have failed the exams. The students have also alleged discrimination against them by department teachers.Punia told TOI that he has sought a report on the matter.LU had declared the first semester MBA result on April 3. While 29 students have got a year back, 40 have been failed in one or two subjects. Out of these, 18 students belong to SC category. Besides re-evaluation, students are also demanding the removal of head of the department.On Saturday, these students came out with a list of complaints against the university. These included lack of placement cell, 24 hours closure of computer labs, regular teachers taking irregular classes and no remedial classes for SC/ST and poor students. \"The university charges Rs 8,000 in the name of placement cell. However, no such cell exists,'' said a student. They added that despite charging Rs 75,000 (though it is reimbursed by social welfare department), students are deprived of basic facilities.SC students have also alleged that teachers in MBA department are indifferent towards them. The students have demanded promotion to the next semester and postponement of second semester exams scheduled from April 23.LU spokesman Prof Rajesh Mishra said: \"The charge of opening and closing the computer lab is given to the students as there are limited staff. Management teachers have been taking extra classes but there is no such terminology as remedial classes. Also, there are nine regular teachers for first and second semesters who take regular classes.''He added that the university does not discriminate against students. \"No discrimination of any kind, caste, creed, religion or gender is done in the university. The students have failed due to poor performance in both internal assessment and external examinations.''On the absence of placement cell, LU says the management teachers themselves act like a cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670266", "title": "One more FIR against secretariat clerk for fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: Yet another case of cheating was registered against the clerk working at the state secretariat for duping the youth on the pretext of getting them government jobs and getting their BEd and Patwari exams conducted. Despite the fact that a dozen cases of cheating were lodged against the lower division clerk (LDC) working in legal cell of the education department of secretariat, the police is yet to arrest the accused.The first case was registered against the accused Abhishek Sharma at the Ashok Nagar police station a month back in which he had duped two persons of nearly Rs 16 lakhs for getting their BEd and Patwari exam conducted by Rajasthan Public Services Commission (RPSC). Later, cases were registered at Bajaj Nagar police station.On Friday, eight persons approached Jhotwara police station and accused the same LDC of cheating them in a similar manner.\"We have registered a case under section 420 of IPC and a hunt has been launched to nab the accused,\" said an officer of Jhotwara police station on Saturday.Despite the fact that a cheating case of nearly Rs 50 lakhs by the LDC has come to the notice of the city police, their approach is casual in handing the case.In the investigation so far police have found the accused is not attending office for the last few months and the police are planning go to his native village in his search.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669675", "title": "Goverment goes aggressive to help job seekers", "text": "LUCKNOW: State labour minister, Vaqar Ahmed Shah on Saturday reiterated that the Samajwadi party government is committed to provide jobs to youngsters in the state.\"Our first priority is to provide jobs. People who do not get a job will be given an allowance,\" he said and added that in a departmental meeting held recently, employment officers have been directed to get in touch with employers and promote campus selection. The Lucknow employment office has signed a memorandum of understanding with construction giant L&amp;T.; The district employment office in the recent past has facilitated selections for other multi-national firms like Pizza Hut, KFC, Aircel, Aegis India Limited and others.The construction company has asked for people in the age group of 18-35 years for three sorts of jobs in the construction industry namely: bar bending, shuttering and mason works. Jobless youth enrolled with the employment office having obtained education between class 5th and 8th will be considered eligible for this. According to officials, pre-job training would also be imparted to selected candidates (one month in Lucknow while the other two months in Ghaziabad). Similar efforts are being made by offices in Moradabad and Kanpur.Officials claim that a lot of jobs are waiting for candidates in the 18-30 age group. \"Companies prefer people who pass intermediate with science and those with certificate from Industrial Training Institute rarely return empty handed,\" said RK Pundir, employment officer Lucknow. His counterpart from Agra, Rajiv Yadav added that in the beginning candidates do not get a hefty salary. But the prospects are bright. \"The 2006 batch of selected ITI candidates is now drawing a salary of Rs 22,000-25,000,\" he said.The effort is in fact a necessity for the state government keeping in mind the whopping cost of the pre-poll promise Samajwadi Party made to the voters.Consider this: On March 16, when the state cabinet met for the first time, the number of beneficiaries of the unemployment allowance scheme was estimated to be nine lakh. This means that the state would have to spend Rs 1,080 crore to pay Rs 12,000 per person as unemployment allowance. By the end of the fifth year, the cost of project would touch Rs 5,400 crore.The only way to counter the swelling burden is to provide job. For example: In 2011-12, the Lucknow employment office was able to provide jobs to 1,500 persons. If it is able to perform equally well this year, the burden to pay unemployment allowance would reduce by 1.8 crore. \"Both the minister and officer in the state labour department are aware of this fact. Therefore efforts are being made to provide and create jobs,\" said a senior officer.In pursuance of the said orders, regional employment officers are making efforts to help young people get jobs. On Saturday, the Agra office organised an interface between job seekers and six companies such as Vertex, Net Ambit, and Sridhar Insurance.Four employers selected 126 candidates, while the others would declare their results by next week. Employment officer Rajiv Yadav said that companies were from the service sector looking for BPO jobs. \"Had it not been for the accent problem, more people would have got the job,\" he told TOI. When asked to comment if the government would also make efforts to strengthen facilities for training he said, \"We may consider this in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12670133", "title": "How Waghpur can earn its stripes", "text": "NAGPUR: Tigers need forests for habitat and humans for protection. Forests give humans a good environment and livelihood through tourism. The forests need tigers to maintain a balance. And, there's no scope for one of these stakeholders to take precedence in the circle of life. All three will have to develop together to bring out the best in each other. This was the major takeaway from a discussion on what Nagpur needs to build on its designation as the 'Gateway to Tiger Country'.The number of tigers in India has gone down over the last few decades, with a marginal improvement in the last few years. Ensuring that the numbers keep growing is a priority for the government. However, the older models of conservation have proved to be ineffective. Simply declaring more and more areas as protected has not been helping.The humans forced out of their homes and villages to accommodate protected areas resent the loss of their homes, lands and livelihood. Such resentment frequently leads them into minor poaching to sustain themselves and their families, besides entering into forests for produce and grazing cattle. Some of them even end up extending help to professional gangs involved in poaching, hurting the big cats the most.The only way to avoid such a scenario is to actively recruit the local populations, whether displaced or not, into conservation efforts. This can be done by ensuring that the locals are employed in as many jobs as possible in or near the reserves. This not only ensures their livelihood, but also gets their cooperation in conservation efforts by making them direct stakeholders in the welfare of the forest and its wildlife, including the tigers.Some out-of-the-box thinking over the last few years has yielded spectacular results in turning the displaced locals and tribals into protectors of wildlife. Many resorts employ these locals as waiters, drivers and guides. There have been experiments involving farmland around reserves being actively converted into forests to help boost tourism. Some NGOs have also facilitated development of grasslands on farms to rear milch cattle that give income from milk to the land owners while keeping the area green.However, such efforts are too few to make a big difference. Also, with forests and tigers being primarily properties of the state, there is little chance of private efforts making big headway in any direction. The state government has been hamstrung, though, by lack of men as well as material, especially funds. There are also allegations of state apathy towards conservation, and the complete lack of interest in promoting tourism, which indirectly helps generate a lot more income for the locals.Most wildlife experts believe that effective lobbying by local MPs and other representatives is required to push the state into activity. Entrepreneurs, trade guilds and the media are expected to help generate the public pressure that would force positive action by the state.Some entrepreneurs are, however, not waiting for the state to promote tourism or recruit locals in efforts at conservation. Even as they are trying to get the government to act and regulate (read promote) conservation through tourism, they are trying to add value to the tourist's experience outside the parks and reserves.Most tiger reserves in the vicinity of Nagpur have already reached a saturation point for handling tourists. Now, there are suggestions to develop alternative tourism sites in the buffer zones spread over 4-5,000 sq km area in the region. Compared to this, the national parks are spread over 2,900 sq km, which would be only 1,400 sq km if Melghat is left out.Wildlife experts are urging entrepreneurs to develop tourism outside the reserves, where tigers are living, breeding and dispersing, as evidenced by attacks on humans as well as cattle. The buffers also offer an opportunity for night safaris, use of spotlights and even building of machans on waterholes, none of which is permitted in the protected areas.Wildlife enthusiasts like photographers, who are cramped for space and time in parks, can click wild animals at leisure in the buffer areas. The only requirement being locals have to be roped in to provide proper inputs about tiger movements and whereabouts. Such training for locals is also a big requirement that the state government needs to start, since it will finally end up increasing the number eyeballs keeping track of tiger numbers, thus helping conservation efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12668865", "title": "IM boss's SRK love may be behind the Bollywood star's US ordeal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of Shah Rukh Khan's ardent fans may be behind the Bollywood star getting special attention from security officials at airports in the US. Terrorist Riyaz Bhatkal, accused in the 2008 Ahmedabad serial blasts, loves using the star's name as his alias, apparently because he admires the actor.This is known to intelligence agencies. The Interpol red corner notice for the founder-member of Indian Mujahideen (IM), associated with Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), records that the wanted terrorist could be travelling as a passenger called Shah Rukh Khan . Sources say this may be one reason why security officials go into high-alert mode whenever the Bollywood star lands on US soil.All international airports keep a database of criminals wanted by Interpol. It alerts officers each time a traveller's name matches that of a wanted man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12674416", "title": "Power crisis will increase: Coal secretary", "text": "RANCHI: The two important industrial sectors - power and steel - will face acute crisis because of coal shortage during the 12th five-year plan due to shortfall of production.Union coal secretary Alok Perti, who was on a visit to the state, admitted that steel and power, along with other industries of the country will face crisis in availability of coal due to a shortfall in production. The overall shortfall is expected to be around 260 million tonnes (MT) by end of the plan period. \"The maximum impact will be on the steel and power sector as they will face shortage of at least 60-70 MT each. It is a serious matter and in case we fail to meet the requirements, we will have to depend on imports,\" said Perti, adding the union government is taking steps to minimize the problem.Keeping in mind the gap in demand and supply the union coal secretary had a meeting with state chief secretary SK Chaudhary to resolve the bottlenecks in land acquisition faced by coal mining companies. Jharkhand is one of the major coal-producing states and has three subsidiaries of the Coal India Limited (CIL) - Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) and Eastern Coalfields Limited. The union coal secretary asked the state's chief secretary to clear the land acquisition problem faced by the three subsidiaries of CIL so that the problem of coal shortage is mitigated at least to some extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668427", "title": "Duo flees with jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh from store", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men looted a Bhayander jewellery store of ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh on Saturday afternoon, while most of the police force was on VIP bandobast for the chief minister's visit.The accused walked into Shanti Jewellers, located on the station road in Bhayander (W) in the afternoon. They asked shopowner Dharmendra Chopra to show them silver coins. The two claimed they were shopping for a gift for a friend.After having a look at the silver coins, they asked Chopra to show them gold lockets. Chopra took out two boxes containing gold lockets. As he was opening the boxes, the accused grabbed them and started running away. Some customers blocked the shop exit, but the robbers pushed them aside. In the melee, they dropped one of the stolen boxes but escaped with the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "12670811", "title": "After 7 years and 6 kids, Brangelina ready to wed", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Hollywood couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are engaged to be married after seven years of romance and six children.Their engagement news first became public when Beverly Hills jeweller Robert Procop revealed that he helped Pitt, 48, design a custom diamond ring for Jolie, 36, the Hollywood Reporter said. The ring is estimated to have cost $250,000.Later, Pitt's spokeswoman Cynthia Pett-Dante confirmed the news, saying, \"Yes, it's confirmed. It is a promise for the future and their kids are very happy. There's no date set at this time. Brad designed the ring.\" Procop said, \"Brad had a specific vision for this ring, which he realized over a yearlong collaboration. He wanted every aspect of it to be perfect, so I was able to locate a diamond of the finest quality and cut it to an exact custom size and shape to suit Angelina's hand.\"The actress first flashed her ring at the Chinese Art collection at the LA county Museum earlier this month.Pitt and Jolie fell in love on the set of 'Mr&Mrs; Smith' in 2004 while Pitt was still married to Jennifer Aniston.The couple, however, confirmed their romance in 2005 when they were spotted enjoying a three-day getaway in Kenya . By that time Pitt had separated from Aniston, his wife of five-years . PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668317", "title": "State can recover compensation for custodial death from cops: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has upheld the state government's move to recover 4.5 lakh from two police personnel, who were allegedly involved in a case of custodial death because of which the government had to pay the sum as compensation to the victim's family.Justice K Chandru, dismissing the petitions of a special sub-inspector and an inspector, said: \"The state's liability to pay compensation (in case of custodial deaths) cannot be questioned. Similarly, the state's power to recover the amount from the officers responsible for such misconduct also cannot be questioned. The contention that they (police officers) were acquitted by the criminal court and that the departmental proceedings ended in their favour will not debar the state from recovering the amount.\"B Kalitheerthan, inspector of police, coastal security, Nagapattinam, was a sub-inspector and K Subramaniam, now a special sub-inspector, was working as a head constable in Pollachi when they were charged with the custodial death of a lorry driver. The victim's wife moved the HC demanding compensation. Finding the duo guilty, the court held the state as being vicariously liable for the offence and awarded 5 lakh as compensation.The police personnel are now before the court, challenging the government's notice to recover 2,56,452 from Kalitheerthan and 1,93,548 from Subramaniam.They contended that they were acquitted and the departmental proceedings too had been given up. Therefore, the allegation of torture was not proved either in the criminal trial or in the departmental enquiry. Therefore, based upon a high court order, that too without notice to them, the amount cannot be recovered from them, they said.Rejecting their contentions, Justice Chandru said when the relatives of the deceased filed a petition, the state government was a party and the court had clearly recorded that acquittal by the criminal court has no relevance on payment of compensation. The court said there was evidence of physical injuries on the body of the deceased which could have been inflicted only by the two officers who were instrumental in the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12674266", "title": "Two killed as trailer falls into ditch", "text": "RAMGARH: At least two people were killed when a fully-loaded trailer fell into a 30-feet ditch on NH-33 near Chutupalu valley on Saturday. Police rushed to the spot and found the bodies locked inside the trailer cabin. Later, police with the help of local residents dragged out the bodies by slitting the steel walls of the locked cabin with the help of a gas cutter. The deceased could not be identified yet, police said.Ramgarh OC Manoj Kumar said the deceased duo were believed to be the driver and co-driver. \"The bodies have been sent to Hazaribag for autopsy\", Kumar said adding that police were trying to get the names of the trailer owners from the transport department through its registration number to identify the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669397", "title": "Attackers get bail, Jadavpur University professor feels \u2018insecure\u2019, fears for family\u2019s safety", "text": "KOLKATA: Four Trinamool Congress supporters were arrested on Saturday for allegedly beating up Jadavpur University (JU) professor Ambikesh Mahapatra. But they walked free on bail within two and a half hours. In contrast, Ambikesh, who was arrested for forwarding a chain mail that lampooned chief minister Mamata Banerjee , spent 16 hours in police custody and was forced to go to court when he could have easily been bailed at the police station itself.Also, while Ambikesh filed his complaint around 8pm on Friday, the four alleged attackers were nabbed only around Saturday noon. Police had shown much more alacrity in arresting Ambikesh and his 74-year-old neighbour Subrata Sengupta, whose ID he used to forward the chain mail, as soon as they were dragged to East Jadavpur police station by Trinamool supporters around midnight on Thursday. These obvious discrepancies led to cries of discrimination by the teacher's family and friends.Ambikesh, who still looks shaken from his ordeal, fears for his family's safety. His wife Jolly and daughter Ananya say they feel \"insecure and traumatized\". \"We have started panicking with things happening around him,\" they said. Ambikesh has appealed for police protection but till Saturday evening, there had not been any communication from the cops. \"Those arrested are my neighbours, so there is nothing to be particularly happy. But the law has taken its own course,\" he said.Among those arrested on Saturday were Amit Sardar, whose complaint had led to Ambikesh's arrest, and local Trinamool leader Arup Mukherjee, who is alleged to have led the mob that beat up Ambikesh and Sengupta. The two others charged in the assault are Nishikanta Ghorui and Sheikh Mustafa.Ambikesh's complaint says around 20 people assaulted him at the cooperative housing committee office and forced him to write an apology for sending an \"offensive e-mail\". He was then taken to the police station, where Sardar wrote a complaint accusing him and Sengupta of sending an \"obscene mail\". In his FIR, the JU teacher says he could identify these four men in the mob. He says he was attacked in the presence of the chairman, secretary and treasurer of the housing society.The Trinamool men were arrested under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 341 (wrongful restraint), 114 (abettor present at the time of offence) and 506 (criminal intimidation). All these charges are bailable, so were those slapped on Ambikesh and Sengupta. Why did police hold on to a well respected professor and an elderly heart patient all night when they could have let them go on bail that very night?Did the East Jadavpur police subvert the law in keeping the duo in the lock-up overnight? In fact, police had sought a two-week remand for the teacher and his neighbour, which the court turned down.Ambikesh said, \"I wasn't told anything about these being bailable offences. The police merely informed me that I was being arrested on a complaint.\" Mahapatra's wife Jolly, also a chemistry professor, said she was informed by police about the arrest in the morning. \"I was asked to sign a document at the police station,\" she said. Ambikesh's counsel Rana Ganguly said one of her juniors had gone to the police station at 8am on Friday to plead for the duo's bail. \"But police did not entertain him,\" she said.JU professor Ambikesh Mahapatra was charged under Section 500 IPC, relating to defamation, which is a non-cognisable offence. This means that the police cannot accept the complaint unless a magistrate asks them to do so. But the East Jadavpur officers apparently found a catch in the law. \"A non-cognisable offence can be lodged along with a cognisable offence, because of which the rather elaborate Section 66A (B) of the Information Technology Act was tagged to the FIR,\" explains criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee. The IT charge can lead to a three-year jail term but police seem to have missed out on the fact that it relates only to information relayed through computer or electronic devices.There was nothing in the police petition on Friday to indicate that any attempt was made to trace the computer used to forward the mails. Tamal puts this in context: \"Twelve years back a youth was arrested for making some obscene comments in the public domain about then CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. Police opposed the bail plea but till today, no chargesheet has been filed.\"Senior criminal lawyer Milon Mukherjee wonders how merely forwarding a cartoon can attract a criminal defamation charge. \"When people are forwarding something, they are not the creators. We have to understand that defamation isn't what we feel personally. One has to be defamed in the eye of the society. Merely forwarding a mail or illustration makes me a witness, not a party to the crime,\" he said. Senior criminal lawyer Sekhar Basu has a different take: \"You may not have created it, but by forwarding the mail you may be abetting a wrong act.\"Milon Mukherjee also bore holes in the complaint lodged by a 'third-party'. \"The provisions of Section 199 CrPC are very clear. Those aggrieved should be the ones to complain, or at least, inform the magistrate,\" he said. Amit Sardar's role here is therefore very critical. Ambikesh said that he had erred in forwarding the mail from the New Garia Cooperative Housing Society mailbox to its members. He had sent another mail apologising for it. However, Sardar is not a member of the housing society and therefore didn't receive this mail.Sardar, who refused to respond to any call throughout Friday, lives in Chakgaria, some 4km from the housing society. \"I really don't understand how Amit Sardar is aggrieved by this cartoon. He does not stay in the housing society, nor is he a member. No member - or recipient of the mail - lodged the complaint,\" argues Ambikesh's advocate, Rana Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669216", "title": "Special Investigation Team gets a pat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The SIT, looking into the fake degree racket has not been able to zero in on the Delhi linkInterestingly, the Chandigarh IG had honoured the SIT team for its good work, last week.During the press conference, SIT had also mentioned about a Bihar link, who was helping to alter the records of various private institutions and universities in the north-east, but nothing substantial has come out of that too.A racket involving fake educational degrees and certificates of Panjab University and other leading universities in Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh , Bihar and north-east India had come to light in March. Police had made over 10 arrests, which included a woman, Mukta (38), who was the kingpin of the gang involved in the fake degrees racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673658", "title": "Publish a book like you would stitch a suit", "text": "Bespoke services move from men's fashion to the publishing industry, with corporates craving to gift clients, knowledge, not pens, and parents keen to release their kid's book of poetry.High fashion has little to do with books. Yet, one of men's clothing's most significant and sought after services is inspiration for a new breed of Indian publishing firms, and reason to smile if you plan to write a book.Which is why nutritionist Suman Agarwal is more upbeat this time than she was in 2007, when she co-wrote The Don't Diet Diet Cookbook, a health recipe anthology. This time she knows she wants to self publish without the headache the logistics can involve.\"I wanted a project manager of sorts, someone who'd take control of the whole process, review my content and create something true to the idea of my book. I don't get time from my nutritional consultations to go around seeking photographers and editors,\" says Agarwal.Bespoke publishing is what she bet her money on. Just as bespoke tailoring allows the buyer total control over the fabric, fit and a high degree of customisation, bespoke publishing services involve the writer or client at every stage. The Ink Pot, 27-year-old Mumbai-based Pooja Shah's book publishing consultancy, turned out to be that one-stop solution for Agarwal. Launched last year, the firm offers conceptto-creation services by partnering with freelance professionals, ranging from designers to photographers, depending on the client's budget, subject and requirements.What Shah has managed to do is fill a gap in the Indian publishing industry that's known to leave first-time authors jelly-kneed. A masters degree in international design and communication from Warwick, work experience at India Book House and inspiration from having visited the Frankfurt Book Fair in early 2011, encouraged Shah to launch a range of bespoke services, including book packaging and cover design, content and design innovations like literary accessories and stationery, content-specific wallpapers, and book trailers.\"Most publishing houses are overburdened and understaffed, which is why they outsource a chunk of their work including cover design or at times the entire book, anyway. They call it 'book packaging',\" explains Shah, who helped package Mumbai Diary 2010 for the India Book House imprint, and the cover design for the novel, The Book of Answers outsourced to her by HarperCollins India.For a parent like Priti Devi, mother to 19-year-old Shaiyra, who was looking to publish her daughter's book of poems and photographs, The Ink Pot worked well. \"It had to be someone in the publishing market who understood why we were doing this; not necessarily the best qualified , but someone who understood the creative endeavour of this exercise,\" says Devi, who got 200 copies printed. Clients can usually choose to print a single book, a mid-size print run of a few hundred, a commercial print run of 2,000 and more or decide to create an e-book eliminating cost of production altogether. The editorial cost for say, a coffee table book, could range between Rs 40,000 and Rs 2,50,000, says Shah.\"Bespoke publishing is saying, let's put your thoughts into words, let's find the right paper and play with it, let's get the images that complement your thoughts, let's get the binding right so that it lasts, and let's make the book as large or small as you need,\" says Ahalya Naidu, 29, co-founder of Mumbaibased Literary Angels.Launched in 2007, Naidu's firm started off providing contentdriven services, including manuscript editing and ghostwriting, but naturally progressed towards bespoke services two years ago to give the client a superior product.The advent of bespoke is a natural offshoot of the selfpublishing boom spurred by the success of best-selling writers like Chetan Bhagat. With giant publishing houses likely to reject ideas that don't sell, firsttime authors needed a place to go - to publish their grandmother's recipes for a family of 20, art galleries looking to launch artist books, and photographers who wanted to build a printed archive of their work.\"Self-publishing has picked up substantially. We receive two enquiries a day as opposed to when we launched in 2007, when we'd get four queries a month,\" says Leonard Fernandes, co-founder of Goabased CinnamonTeal self-publishing house.It's a shift in corporate gifting trends that Khushru Patel, founder of JAK Printers, sees as a key reason behind the rise of bespoke. \"Currently, the publishing industry is running high on gifting - high-end customers, and corporates prefer to gift knowledge as opposed to, say, expensive pens. And the demand for better quality images and content is a by-product of Internet access. People expect the best from everything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12679907", "title": "Tribute to Netaji on INA's 69th flag hoisting day", "text": "IMPHAL: A large number of people paid a floral tribute to the giant statue of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on the occasion of the Indian National Army's (INA) 69th flag hoisting day at INA memorial complex in Moirang town of Manipur's Bishnupur district on Saturday.On April 14, 1944, the INA/Azad Hind Fauz flag was unfurled for the first time at Moirang on the banks of Loktak lake by Colonel Saukat Hayat Malik, commander of Bahadur Group of the force, and designated the place as its headquarters.During World War II , Japanese troop commanders and their allies chalked out battle strategies against allied forces from this place. Manipur had witnessed pitched battles, resulting in killing and maiming of thousands of soldiers of both the forces.Though Netaji could not reach Manipur because of strategic battle difficulties, he was reportedly camping in a south east Asian country when the US bombed Herosima and Nagasakhi.Jointly organized by Manipur art and culture department and INA advisory committee, Saturday's occasion was also marked by the unfurling of the Tricolor, a public rally and staging of a spectrum of cultural shows.A public rally was taken out from the INA headquarters at Moirang Konjengbam Leikai village up to the INA Memorial Complex where participants raised patriotic slogans. Around 200 members of Akhil Bharatiya Poorva Sainik Seva Parishad (ABPSSP) also participated in it.Students of Beyanai College, Jaipur, and ECHO Moirang enthralled the gathering with colourful cultural performances. Art and culture director K Sobita Devi and hordes of personalities, including ex-MLA S Gopal, vice-president of ABPSSP Maj Gen (Retd) N N Gupta and national secretary of ABPSSP, Om Prakash , addressed the gathering on the occasion.Moirang constituency MLA M Prithiviraj, chief guest on the occasion, while emphasizing the need to enhance development of the INA complex, informed the tourism ministry has approved sanction of Rs 27 crore for renovation and development of the complex and its surrounding areas.Of this, Rs 12.37 has already been released and utilized for ground development works of the complex, he said.A week ahead of Netaji's 114th birthday (January 23, 2011) UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had laid the foundation stone of additional beautification structures of the INA complex.Stressing the significance of the historic event, the young legislature pointed out the need to incorporate it in the school curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12668699", "title": "Police presence both bane, boon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The heavy deployment of armed police personnel with wailing sirens and whirling batons in the aftermath of the communal incidents has unnerved residents of the Old City. Policemen aided by surveillance cameras on rooftops covertly monitor citizen activity. Armed police pickets are posted at all important crossroads and places of worship and bylanes are blocked with barbed wire. Citizens point out that their beloved purana shaher bears the resemblance of a police state. While some justify the police presence, many blame the stationing as a deliberate act of intimidation.Contrary to popular belief, the blanket of tight security over the Old City has instilled fear in residents instead of giving them confidence with many residents claiming that the contingents of city police and RAF throughout the year has made them feel vulnerable. \"The continuous presence of security forces in full riot gear makes us feel that a violent incident can happen any time and we may be held responsible. They look at us with utmost suspicion and this is not restricted to just one community,\" says a resident on condition of anonymity. He adds that more than racial profiling, the Old City has fallen prey to profiling on the basis of region.Many say that the lopsided branding of the Old City as a communally sensitive area can be contended. They point out that the incidents of targeted violence by Hindu Vahini in November last year didn't happen in the Old City and that no knee-jerk reprisals were noted there. A political activist requesting anonymity said that the police was unprepared during the recent communal clashes and that the 'unofficial curfew' imposed by means of intimidation proved to be counter-productive as it only created panic. \"The Old City was insulated from the T agitation and other political bandhs. It was even peaceful when the Babri Masjid verdict came out. By shutting down entire area by means of the undeclared curfew, the police have done what no other political party has done,\" he observes.Residents say that the police have yet again picked up many innocent youth on the pretext of questioning. A civil court lawyer from Moghulpura alleges, \"Around 25 people from Moghulpura and 8 people from Khilwat were picked up on grounds of suspicion. What are residents to think if the top brass is always on the streets?\" He said that the police intimidate residents when all they want to do is carry out daily mundane activities. A social worker noted that four of her colleagues were detained by police in Asif Nagar on grounds of suspicion.While residents say that the police look at them with skepticism, social scientist Javed Alam presents the obverse side of the coin. He traces the history of distrust of the populace for the men in khaki uniforms to the merger of the erstwhile Hyderabad state with the Indian Union. \"When the Indian army entered Hyderabad, it massacred many innocent Muslim men. Also, the police on many instances have sided with the Hindu fundamentalists at the time of riots. People don't look at them as protectors now,\" he says. Alam adds that every individual reacts when provoked and that the modalities of reacting change depending on the social and economic conditions. \"The people of the Old City, both Hindu and Muslim, are good. Unfortunately, they do not have the benefit of education and react in a different way. This doesn't mean that they are reactionary,\" he adds.However, there are some who do not fault police presence. Former commissioner of police M V Krishna Rao said that the police work to stop untoward incidents from happening. \"The police force is for the protection of the citizens. They are there to keep a check on communal violence,\" he justifies.Mazhar Hussain from COVA too feels that the presence of police in large numbers is justified. \"Out of the 160 communally sensitive areas in the state, 40 are in Hyderabad. The police must have permanent pickets posted in places where they expect violence.\" Sanjeev Gupta from the Charkaman Sarafa Association too lauds the efforts of the police. He says, \"Security is very important and I am quite happy that the police has acted effectively.\"Residents feel that the continuous presence of security forces in full riot gear makes them feel vulnerable. They say that the police look at them with utmost suspicion irrespective of their community", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12668956", "title": "DV Sadananda Gowda faces dalit ire at function", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Saturday faced some embarrassing moments when he was prevented by agitating dalits from garlanding the statue of Dr BR Ambedkar on his 121st birth anniversary. Police arrested three protesters before they chased away other agitators and making way for the CM to pay the floral tributes at the statue of Ambedkar at the east gate on Vidhana Soudha premises.Karnataka Dalita Vedike, under the banner of the SC, ST Act Monitoring and Strengthening committee, Karnataka, an NGO working to monitor and prevent atrocities against SC and STs, staged protest as they were agitated against CM for not convening a review meeting on dalit atrocities. Reacting to the incident, Gowda said: \"It is a very unfortunate incident at a time when the BJP government is taking all efforts for the welfare of the SC/STs. This only amounts to showing disrespect to a national leader.''Kannada and culture minister Govind M Karjol said: \"It is not proper for anybody to raise slogans and disrupt this programme. It is showing disrespect to Ambedkar himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "alwar/bharatpur", "code": "12670310", "title": "Two child marriages in Deeg villages stopped", "text": "ALWAR/BHARATPUR: Prenuptial rituals halted abruptly after the district administration and police swooped on two houses preparing for child marriages in two villages of Deeg in Bharatpur district.A minor boy's wedding at Deeg's Moroli village was stopped on Friday just as the baraat was about to leave for the bride's house in UP's Mathura. District officials stopped the wedding procession and his parents were fined Rs 1,000 each.District collector Gaurav Goyal asked the police to register a case against the printing press for not mentioning the date of birth of the bride and the groom on the wedding invitations.Following a complaint, a team comprising district officials and the police, including Deeg circle inspector, visited Nana Jaatav's house and asked him his son's age. \"When it was confirmed that both his sons were minors, he was bound down by the team and a fine of Rs 1,000 each was slapped on him and his wife Sheela,\" said Deeg sub divisional officer Kamaruddhin Khan. The parents submitted an affidavit that they will not marry off their minor children.\"We were asked to probe before registering a case,\" said a police officer.Bharatpur is among the first districts to ask parents and printing press to mention the age of the bride and the groom in the wedding card. The move was to check child marriage rampant in the district.The police also asked Sumitra of Kasot village in Deeg to not marry her 16-year old daughter. \"This wedding was scheduled for Sunday. We have asked the mother to cancel the wedding. If she doesn't, we will take action against her,\" said an officer of the Deeg police station. District administration has stepped up vigil as the festival, Aakha teej, draws near. Ajmer district magistrate Manju Rajpal instructed police and sub divisional officers to keep a watch in remote villages.A control room in the district will operated round-the-clock for four days to handle complaints of weddings of minor children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673467", "title": "Azam felicitated in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: State minister for urban development and minority affairs Azam Khan was accorded a warm reception on his arrival in the city on Saturday. Samajwadi Party activists felicitated Azam at Dhobhi Ghat crossing.Recalling his association with the city, Azam praised the role of Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha which, he said, played an important part in restoration of students union at Allahabad University.Stating that the image of the Samajwadi Party will depend on the actions and behaviour of young leaders in public life, he said they are the future of the party and they should realise this fact.Welcoming the minister, Samajwadi Chatra Sabha leader Abhishek Yadav said his gesture towards the youngsters in the party has always remained very supportive and encouraging on all occassions.Others present included SP district president Pandhari Yadav, city president Noor Alam, Vinod Chandra Dubey, Akhilesh Gupta, Ravindra Yadav, Devendra Pratap Singh and Shiva Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669823", "title": "Japan international cooperation agency claims bungling in forest projects, seeks probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Japan International Cooperation Agency has expressed concerns over the implementation of its Rs 500-crore UP Participatory Forest Management and Poverty Alleviation Project (ID-P 194), following alleged irregularities in Bundelkhand. The agency also requested the UP government to conduct a high-level probe into the matter.\"We have taken note of the matter with serious concern and would thus like to request you to kindly have a high-level inquiry conducted in the matter, so as to take the matter to a logical conclusion at the earliest without affecting the pace of project works,\" wrote chief representative of JICA, Shinichi Yamanaka, in a letter to UP chief secretary.While asking for an action taken report on the matter, Shinichi further cautioned the state government that it should ensure that the funds provided by the JICA should be utilised for the project works assigned under it in a transparent and efficient manner.\"We are sure that the government of UP would take all the required steps to ensure the same to uphold the very spirit of bilateral cooperation between India and Japan,\" Shinichi pointed out in her letter.\"We are highly disturbed by the reports of great irregularities, particularly in Lalitpur district, where chief conservator and conservator of forests of the Bundelkhand zone had been accused of indulging in unfair financial practices,\" the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12668322", "title": "High court refuses to stay land-grab investigation", "text": "CHENNAI: Mere apprehension of an FIR or arrest cannot be a ground to stay or interfere with investigation into a land-grab complaint, the Madras high court has said.Refusing to come to the aid of a person facing a land-grab complaint, Justice K Chandru said, \"The court should not interfere even before an investigation was completed by the authorities.\"G Ramamoorthy came to the court to seek to restrain the police in Coimbatore from proceeding on the basis of a complaint given by his widowed sister-in-law B Chandrakala over a vacant plot of land. Noting that he was in possession of it since 1995 and civil suits were pending in the matter, he said that even before registering the FIR, police had threatened to put him behind the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12674132", "title": "Paolo reveals all on Sabyasachi Panda", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco turned out to be a Trojan horse for his Maoist abductor, Sabyasachi Panda, by passing on vital information about the rebel leader to police, sources said. Paolo, who was released by Maoists on Thursday after 29 days in captivity, flew out of Bhubaneswar the same night on way to his home in Italy.Paolo after reaching Bhubaneswar was closeted for several hours with a team of senior police officials who extracted \"as much as possible\" about Panda, ranging from his cadre strength, fire power, food habits, movement details, etc. Analysis of the inputs revealed the Maoist leader heading the Odisha State Organizing Committee (OSOC) is faced with threat to his life because of growing rivalry within the party and his diminishing cadre strength.Paolo estimated Panda has just about 20 cadres, including 10 women, each armed with a gun. The unit has one VHF set, one walky-talky, two tiffin bombs, one laptop with data card and one generator. Paolo said Panda showed him an Italian film in his laptop and news coverage in the Italian media about his abduction. He described the OSOC leader as \"sick\". \"He regularly takes medicines. I don't know what they were,\" Paolo told the interrogators.\"They change their places frequently and never stay in villages. They prefer hill tops with streams nearby. I too travelled with them from one place to the other,\" a source quoted the Italian as saying. Paolo said he slept with others in the jungle one night when Panda woke up everyone and asked them to \"lie down quietly\". That was the time when members of \"another group\" reportedly came searching for them, a police source said. The Italian said Panda's people spoke in Odia and Kui and he could clearly make out their conversations as he knows the state language for having stayed in Puri for 22 years. \"They were quite friendly with me, never ill-treated or misbehaved me,\" he said.The former hostage even remembered the names of the rebel cadres and identified pictures the police showed him. He said the Maoists sleep in the open and thrive on ordinary food such as rice, dal, eggs and fruits collected from the forest. \"They had cooked chicken only one day,\" he added. He said Panda came to him a day before he was released and told him that he would no more keep him. Though Paolo was handed over to Dandapani Mohanty, who mediated with the government, at a place near Asurabandha in Ganjam district, the Maoist leader had tutored him not to disclose the exact location.Paolo's statement corroborated messages received earlier that one Suresh, a unit commander belonging to Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), along with about 30 cadres had been scouting for Panda through the tribal hamlets located in inaccessible regions. Panda is said to have given an Odia face to his OSOC. This reportedly has angered the Telugu-dominated AOBSZC that operates in Malkangiri, Koraput and adjoining areas. Threat to Panda's life reportedly increased after he raised objection to the AOBSZC killing a police official while his mediators were engaged in discussions with the government in Bhubaneswar and its subsequent kidnapping of the BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka.Police sources said Paolo's inputs prove that Panda was apparently on the back foot, having lost nearly 13 cadres since January 2011 and his growing rivalry with the AOBSZC. \"We think he has lost his biting power considerably and may land in trouble in the future,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12670480", "title": "BMC stresses tobacco ban for minors", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has issued a circular, banning the sale of tobacco and tobacco products to minors and within 100 yards of educational institutions.The circular is meant to implement the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act, which was passed in 2003. \"We are taking steps to ensure that the rule is duly implemented,\" said BMC health committee chairman Geeta Gawli.\"Action will be taken against illegal stalls and vendors, especially near educational institutions . Also, all posters and banners advertising the tobacco products will be removed or covered.\"The circular states that the the fine for violation of the act \"may extend to Rs 200\".Meanwhile, Devika Chadha , programme director of Salaam Bombay Foundation, slammed the state's decision to reduce the tax levied on tobacco from 12.5% to 5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669712", "title": "Mudra Institute of Communication professor emphasizes on humour in corporate culture", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When one thinks about new-age corporate boardrooms, what comes to mind is cut-throat competition and stressed-out managers. However, a professor at Mudra Institute of Communication, Ahmedabad (MICA) wants to infuse a bit of humour in the scenario for better creativity and utilization of full potential.Priya Raj, a management cartoonist who teaches branding at MICA, conducted a public lecture on humour in management on Saturday. With over 30 years of professional experience, Raj has been associated with various successful brand launches including Rasna and Cerelac.\"The new generation of workforce wants organizations to provide a happy and creative atmosphere where they can work with their full potential. Humour plays an important role in such scenario by opening up communication, providing a fun environment, fostering creativity and inspiring innovation,\" he said.He added that business leaders today need HQ (humour quotient) in addition to IQ and EQ. \"They need to use humour in strategic manner by injecting positive humour. They take several initiatives to ensure that the office becomes a fun place to work and people are self-motivated to contribute.This also helps them to have a healthy and productive workforce and better corporate image,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675004", "title": "Projects\u2019 quality leaves Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya disappointed", "text": "BHOPAL: Rajiv Gandhi Prodyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) does not appear to be enthused with the quality of projects models engineering students churn out.The university has a corpus of Rs 10 crore to support good and genuine projects,\"It's part of their studies. There is nothing new in these ideas. Such projects are mandatory for them,\" said RGPV vice-chancellor Prof Piyush Trivedi. The VC of the university that governs over 200 such colleges in the state is critical of copying such projects from the Internet.\"A recent study by the NASSCOM has pointed out such institutions have been producing only \"quantity\" where \"quality\" is being compromised. Hardly 2% of them get \"good placement\".The VC said, \"Project making is an important part of studies, which should be taken seriously. If any project is found plagiarized, the student would be punished.\"Even reputed colleges faculties accepted that students should come up with ideas, which have practical use. \"We asked our students to spend time on projects which have some practical application. Students should not focus on making projects to get marks only,\" head of the department, R&D;, Radharaman College, Dr P K Lahri said. His college has a separate cell to help students, who come with innovative ideas. However, he accepts that students in many colleges present project by copying them from the Internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12669158", "title": "Bharat Ratna for Phules: School teacher", "text": "NASHIK: Nitin Patil, a headmaster at a local primary school called Sukhdeo Shaikshanik Sanstha, has started a signature campaign to urge the state and the Centre to bestow the Bharat Ratna, to Mahatma Jyotiba Phule and Savitribai Phule.\"Everybody who owes success to education is indebted to the Phules who laid the foundation for better education. I am trying to gather support from those in the education system to ensure that the Phules are awarded the nation's top civilian honour,\" Patil said.It was while celebrating the birth anniversary of Savitribai Phule on January 3, that the idea to gather support for the cause took shape. \" I was sceptical about local support, however, my intention is now absolutely clear. I wrote my first letter on February 29 to my school and have gotten the support of every school member,\" the school teacher added.The letters have reportedly, reached nearly 50% of all schools in the district and 2,000 people have already endorsed the demand. Only teachers and non-teaching staff of schools who wish to support the idea have to sign on a paper circulated through the schools. The idea has been gathering response from English, Marathi, Urdu, Hindi medium schools as almost all teaching insititutions identify themselves with the idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12669910", "title": "Dalit man ends life, cops blamed", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Tension gripped Parthabanur near here on Friday when a 28-year-old dalit allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison after three police personnel reportedly assaulted him and his father when they had gone to lodge a complaint at a police station, police said.Police said Balamurugan and his father had gone to lodge a complaint against a neighbour when they were allegedly insulted and assaulted on Friday.Unable to bear the insult, the man allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison, police said.As the news about his death spread , people picketed the police station and demanded action against head constables Paramasivam and Bose and assistant sub-inspector Chittan.The crowd dispersed only after a case was registered against the three police personnel, sources added. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12673469", "title": "Ganga awareness rally taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A public awareness rally for making the Ganga pollution free was taken out in the city on Saturday. The rally started from Subhash Crossing in Civil Lines and culminated at Hanumant Niketan temple.Speaking in the rally, programme in charge of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam Shayam Sunder Singh Patel said, \"We should make efforts to make the Ganga pollution free. Swami Gyan Swaroop Sananda Maharaj is fighting for the cause of the Ganga and we should support his efforts.\"Patel said people of Prayag want the Central government and the Prime Minister to take efforts to make the Ganga clean and pollution free. The river should be given proper status. If the government does not accept our demands, then Ganga Bhakts would be forced to come on the streets, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675602", "title": "Indus Creed to roll out new album", "text": "A little over a decade and a half since their last studio outing, the trailblazing Indian rock band Indus Creed will soon be releasing their latest and highly anticipated album Evolve . And this new release has been signed on by Universal Music India.Indus Creed set the stage for what we recognize today as the definitive rock movement in India - unshackled, pathbreaking, well-produced original music embodying the spirit of free expression and individuality. Known for their expansive and melodic sound, the rock band promise once again to raise the bar for rock in India with their latest offering.Says Indus Creed front man Uday Benegal, \"This has been a labour of love ... and blood, sweat, tears and more for us. We're thrilled to be putting out an album together after all these years, and with the collaborations of such phenomenal talent like Tim Palmer and Andy VanDette. We are also very happy to be releasing it through Universal Music, who really seem to get our music. We couldn't have asked for better partners all around.\"Evolve  is a truly global creation boasting some remarkable talent from across the world. It was recorded in Mumbai, mixed in Austin, Texas by Grammy-nominated mixing engineer Tim Palmer ( Pearl Jam , Robert Plant , Ozzy Osbourne , U2, Tears for Fears) and mastered in New York City by veteran mastering engineer Andy VanDette (Rush, Porcupine Tree, Beastie Boys ). The album is scheduled to release later this month.Devraj Sanyal, Managing Director, Universal Music, India and SAARC, says, \"\"I was a rock machine fan from the year they started and was their front row headbanger before I formed my own band Brahma and shared the stage with them for almost 2 decades and continue to do so. So, for me, this is surreal. Indus Creed are the flag bearers of 'original' rock music in India and they define what good rock music needs to be - lyrically, musically and vocally. 'Evolve' is an album that ranks far above any of their earlier stuff and new songs like Fireflies , The Money and Take It Harder are destined to go beyond our shores very soon simply because it's the best music I've heard in a long time. And we at Universal Music India are committed to roll out a red carpet marketing plan for this album besides we will endeavor to use the might of the Universal Music global network to take this album across boundaries\"\".The award-winning band has a stack of historic achievements, one of the highlights being their jam with GN'R guitar player Slash at the launch of MTV India. They are also the first Indian act for whom MTV produced a Rockumentary.Indus Creed is composed of Uday Benegal (vocal, guitars), Mahesh Tinaikar (guitars), Zubin Balaporia (keyboards), Rushad Mistry (bass), Jai Row Kavi (drums).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12673548", "title": "Polio campaign today", "text": "KANPUR: The second phase of special monthly polio immunizations will be conducted in 2164 booths in city on Sunday. According to the district health authorities the target for this month is to cover all the kids who are left from getting polio drops in previous polio drives.This monthly polio initiative will also comprise of 108 door-to-door polio administering teams. These teams will be divided block wise to administer polio drops to the left-out kids at their homes. The door-to-door polio campaign will be conducted from Monday to Friday.Whereas,73 mobile teams will also be a part in this mission. Various teams will also remain stationed at railway stations, bus stands and other public spots including busy markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12673411", "title": "Mahagujarat Janata Party planning to conduct statewide 'yatra'", "text": "VADODARA: Mahagujarat Janata Party (MJP) will conduct a statewide 'yatra' to counter the state government's high profile programmes like Vibrant Gujarat Summits, Garib Kalyan Melas and youth employment programmes where appointment letters are being handed over.MJP state unit president Gordhan Zadaphia, who was in the city, said this while announcing the names of leaders, who have reportedly switched over to MJP from BJP. Zadaphia said the rally would tentatively kick off in the second week of May and would conclude by June 15.\"It will cover the entire state and will expose the reality of the tall claims being made by the state government in various events like Vibrant Gujarat Summits and Garib Kalyan Melas. In the wake of agitation programmes that we are planning, we have even asked people to be prepared to go to the jail,\" he said.In the city on Saturday to participate in a rally on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti, Zadaphia announced that former BJP MLA from Sojitra in Anand district Indranath Parmar, former Vadodara municipal councillors Ramansinh Solanki and Panna Upadhyay as well as three other leaders have joined his party.Zadaphia claimed that even RSS leaders were not happy with the affairs in the state, but could do little. He said there were several leaders, who were keen to join his party and that it was planning to contest as many seats as possible. Zadaphia said MJP has already identified 100 seats from where it could contest, maintaining an equal distance from the BJP and the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12669963", "title": "Postal assistant gets one-year jail term in corruption case", "text": "PATNA: Special judge of the CBI court-II, B N Singh has awarded one-year rigorous imprisonment to accused Habib Ansari, the then postal assistant at the main post office, Danapur Cantonment, in a corruption case. He was charged with regularly deducting 20% from the commission amount payable to one Vimla Kumari, an agent for procuring fixed deposits at the aforesaid post office.CBI SP B K Singh said the court awarded the punishment on Friday. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on the accused. If Ansari fails to deposit the fine, he would have to undergo incarceration for an additional six months.The CBI had registered a case against Habib Ansari in 1988 under the Prevention of Corruption Act on a complaint from Vimla, a resident of Nargadda village under the Shahpur police station in Patna district. After verifying the genuineness of the complaint, the CBI laid a trap to apprehend Ansari, who was arrested and produced before the special judge of the CBI court-II.The CBI court has also convicted five other accused in five separate trap cases instituted by the premier investigation agency.Ram Nath Ojha, an attendant in the office of regional director, IGNOU, at Biscomaun Bhawan, Patna, was awarded rigorous imprisonment of five years and a fine of Rs 1,000. The New India Assurance Company assistant (claims), P P Sinha, was awarded rigorous imprisonment of one year and a fine of Rs 1,000.Similarly, United India insurance surveyor at Ara, Shankar Pandey was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment of two years and a fine of Rs 5,000, while United Bank of India branch manager at Baheri in Darbhanga district, Madan Kumar Das was awarded rigorous imprisonment of two years and a fine of Rs 2000. On the other hand, assistant postmaster at the Secretariat post office, Vijay Prasad Singh was awarded rigorous imprisonment of two years and a fine of Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12669767", "title": "Three persons run over by train, suicide suspected", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mystery shrouds the death of three persons, including a minor girl, who were run over by a train near at Kushmaura village near Kakori railway station on Saturday morning.The deceased were identified as Amit Sharma, a resident of Sector D-1, LDA Colony, Krishnanagar, Amarnath Bhaumik, a resident of Sector J, Jankipuram and Shalini Chaudhary, also a resident of Sector D-1, Krishnanagar.Shalini's mother Meena Chaudhary had lodged an FIR with Krishnanagar police on Friday claiming that Amit had eloped with her daughter on April 12.However, recovery of the body of Amit's friend Amarnath, has given credence to the theory that Amit had eloped with Shalini.Amit had a jewellery shop in Krishnanagar While Amarnath had an electronic shop next to Amit. Shalini lived in a rented house near Amit's shop.According to Shalini's mother, Amit, who was married, had tried to elope with her daughter on an earlier occasion.On Saturday morning, porter Dayaram had informed the Kakori police about the recovery of three bodies. On reaching the spot, the police recovered three bodies including that of Shalini and also found a black motorcycle. The police recovered a wallet which had a vehicle registration certificate. The owner of the vehicle was written as Manoj Kumar , a resident of Krishnanagar. It was on the basis of that all the victims were identified.Circle officer Malihabad Alok Kumar said it appeared to be a suicide case. But, the police could not conclude why Amarnanth would have committed suicide.The matter was being investigated, the circle officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668998", "title": "2nd girl dies in Juhu drunk driving case, but gifts life to 3", "text": "MUMBAI: On Friday night, a 19-year-old girl received a much-needed kidney. That very night, before Zinabia Shroff underwent the life-saving operation, a grieving family said its final goodbye to its daughter, Nimisha Mane, also 19 years old. Nimisha was one of the victims in the Juhu drunk-driving accident that took place on March 31. She was declared brain dead on Friday, but saved the lives of three patients by donating her kidneys and liver.Nimisha was in the Hyundai Getz with four friends when an allegedly inebriated driver, Rahul Mishra (23), lost control of the car on Juhu Tara Road, rammed into a tree, hit a divider and finally a stationary autorickshaw.For nearly 15 days after the accident, which had already claimed the life of Shivani Rawat (18), Nimisha was comatose and critical. She had suffered multiple head injuries and was first taken to Cooper Hospital, then admitted to Bhabha Hospital and finally transferred to Nanavati Hospital. Six days ago, the teenager's condition began deteriorating, but over the last three days things took a turn for the worse.\"We could see that her brain had suffered significant damage, which was irreversible,\" said Dr Harshad Parekh, neurosurgeon at Nanavati Hospital. When doctors realized that it was impossible to save Nimisha, they explained to her family that they could opt for organ donation. \"She was alive only because she was on the life support system. She was not going to survive. So we explained to her father that they could save three other lives instead,\" said Dr Parekh.It was the most painful decision her family had to take. It took a while for Nimisha's father to come to terms with the situation. \"When we told him that his daughter was not going to survive, he broke down. But when we and our social workers counselled him about organ donation, he gracefully accepted it,\" said Dr Ashok Hatolkar, medical superintendent at Nanavati.On Friday night, Nimisha's kidneys and liver were removed and duly transplanted in patients on the waiting list. One of the recipients was Shroff. \"Zinabia has been suffering from kidney disease and has been on dialysis for the last few years. She was first on the list of recipients in our hospital. Nimisha's other kidney and liver were sent to Jaslok Hospital, where two other lives were saved,\" said Dr Hatolkar.As of Saturday evening, the Manes were still not able to claim their daughter's body to perform the last rites. After the transplant, the body had to be sent to Cooper Hospital for a post-mortem. \"We are still waiting for the police to finish the post-mortem report. We are happy that she is surviving in somebody else's life,\" said Nimisha's uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668349", "title": "MHA puts cops on duty to nab young cyber criminals", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union home ministry has issued an unusual advisory for cops across the country, listing out measures to reduce growing instances of cyber crime by minors.\"Police teams can go to cyber cafes, pretending to be minors, and monitor their activities,\" the advisory said. \"If any cafe owner is allowing minors to surf porn or carry out other crimes, he could be arrested.\"The advisory mentions the kinds of cyber crimes children have been found to indulge in, such as stalking, harassment, defamation, character assassination and sending threat mails, and expresses concern over these.It suggests what sections of the IT Act can be invoked in such cases. The Mumbai police received the advisory recently. It says that in today's technology-savvy era, children are prone to using the computer, but there is a need to concentrate on how the police can make use of internet and electronic gadgets safer for them.It says that children are also exposed to sexually explicit material, which must be controlled. Police sources said these days, even school-going children have internet facility on their mobile phones. \"Parents must keep monitoring their phones,\" said a police officer.There have been cases where school-going children were found to have written derogatory remarks about their classmates on social-networking websites. \"There is unwanted exposure of sexually explicit material. There is a need to conduct programmes and skill development for those manning child lines,\" the advisory said.It adds that safety measures can be described on the state police's web browser, or a children's corner could be created where internet tips can be explained with help from Nasscom, National Technical Research Organization and Computer Emergency Response Team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12672425", "title": "Artistes enthrall audience at the musical concert", "text": "VARANASI: A wide range of performances in classical dance and music enthralled the audience on the penultimate day of five-day musical concert at Sankatmochan Temple that continued till the wee hours of Saturday.While audience including devotees remained stuck to their seats till early Saturday morning, enjoying performances from host of noted artists from the country, they also got varied taste of classical dance, singing and instrument playing on the occasion. The programme began with Kathak dance by Ashish Singh, an upcoming local artist of the city. Later, host of noted artists including Padmabhushan Pt Channulal Mishra and classical vocalist Kankana Bannerjee took the centrestage, leaving the audience spellbound till midnight. The various exponents of regional muscial touch was also given by Pt Channulal Mishra in the form of Thumri and Chaiti. Noted folk singer from UP, Malini Awasthi also came up with noteworthy performances, showing skills in Dadra and Bhajan (devotional songs) on the occasion.In the instrument playing, noted artists including Pt Ronu Majumdar enthralled the audience displaying immense variations in flute playing. The audience also enjoyed the unique strings of Mohan Veena, performed by noted artist Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt. The five-day programme would conclude with performances of classical vocalists duo Pt Rajan-Sajan Mishra on early Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "tariq ali has been a leading figure of the international left since the 1960s. in an interview with shobhan saxena , the london-based author of 'streetfighting years", "code": "12670545", "title": "South asia's dynastic politics is grotesque", "text": "Tariq Ali has been a leading figure of the international left since the 1960s. In an interview with Shobhan Saxena , the London-based author of 'Streetfighting Years: An Autobiography of the Sixties' talks about Indo-Pak princelings and how the two nations should aim for peaceWhat do you think of President Zardari's private trip to India?The notion that he came to India to go to a religious shrine is a huge joke. If you look at the web, Pakistanis are laughing about it. It's an attempt to come and say 'hi', which is good. Anytime there are meetings between Indian and Pakistani politicians, it's a good thing to try to talk and create a situation where this state of enmity will be dissolved. But what I found very peculiar was the presence of princelings at the lunch. People in South Asia are increasingly beginning to see this as slightly grotesque that politics is carried out by dynasties in an age when people talk about nothing but democracy. At least Rahul Gandhi is an MP but this poor boy, Benazir's son (Bilawal), is being dragged along and promoted. He is not up to it; he is not even that interested in politics. But this is the only way they feel they can stay in power because their policies are indistinguishable from all other parties in the country.Is that the reason for Pakistan's slide into chaos and the generally bad situation in the subcontinent?It's a sad business, this promotion of hereditary politics. In Pakistan, it's much worse. In India, you had virtually a continuous tradition of democratic politics, with all their weaknesses since 1947 except for the Emergency. But the big thing now is to grab power and when you become the government, your supporters, cronies and relations benefit. So the symbiosis between money and politics has become stronger. And I am not being critical of just South Asian countries; it's the same in Europe now.But some things are changing like in the Arab world.History is always full of surprises. No one ever thought the Arabs are going to carry out a number of uprisings and they did and they toppled dictators. Okay, they haven't won but first victories are being won. The most important thing that came out of the Arab uprising was that people felt just instinctively and acted on it. They thought if we lose the fear of death, we can shift mountains and they did it. And that's a very important thing in terms of development of mass consciousness. And that's what we don't have in South Asia.Didn't the Arab Spring bust the myth that Islam and democracy are not compatible?Yes , but we never believed that because in Pakistan, whenever people have been given a chance to vote, they have flocked to vote and Indian Muslims always go to polls. It's a post-9/11 stupidity that Muslims are somehow culturally, almost genetically, hostile to democracy. And it's almost a way of justifying all the dictatorships the Americans have supported in the Muslim world and they continue to do so.You once said people are taught to forget history. Did you have the subcontinent in mind?I think people are not taught history. I am always shocked when I meet young Pakistanis - apart from the very educated ones - and they have no idea that Bangladesh was once part of Pakistan. It's quite shocking to me, astonishing. You have elite kids in India and Pakistan who mimic the west. The extent of mimicry now has reached absurd heights.How do you see the future of the mainstream left in the world, especially in South Asia?That's all finished. The traditional parties can't be called parties of the left. You have the centre-left and the centre-right parties and there is not much difference between them. They do the same things. They fight the same wars. In Pakistan, there is hardly any left. In India, of course, you have a very strong communist tradition, which hasn't been wiped out. The CPM has made huge mistakes in West Bengal for which it was punished. The party is still clinging on to outdated ideologies. Who in their right minds these days carries portraits of Stalin ? Something has to be done otherwise this party will wither away and collapse.But they say they have tried to adapt...They adapted badly. They tried to impose what they thought was the Chinese model in West Bengal and it cost them the election because they ignored their base, the peasantry. They paid the price and handed over West Bengal to this lady who is sort of crazy.Some people argue that they have created space for MaoistsThe Maoists are the product of the failure of the Indian state to do anything for the tribal people. No education, no medical services, nothing. I was told about an event by a reliable source. When the Congress government came back to power, they sent some civil servants to talk to the Maoists leaders in Andhra Pradesh and ask them what they want. And these old Maoists had in their hands a copy of the Constitution and all the manifestos of Congress since 1947, and they said 'we don't want anything, just implement these parts of the Constitution and your own manifestos, these are our demands'. What do you reply to that? There is no reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12669698", "title": "Two die as train runs over car", "text": "GONDIA: In yet another accident at an unmanned railway crossing, two persons died on the spot when their car was run over by Gondia-Balaghat passenger train Near Hatta village on Maharashtra-Madhya Pradesh border on Friday evening. Eight persons were injured in the accident, two of them serious. Savita Bhondekar (17) from Khandva and Varsha Bhendekar of Varaseoni died on the spot.According to information, 10 persons were travelling in a Tata Sumo (MH-29-S-0876) which was hit by 78007 Gondia-Balaghat Demu at the unmanned railway crossing. The impact was so severe that Savita and Varsha died on the spot while others were badly injured. After getting information Nagpur division safety officer of South Eastern Central Railway Shrivastava and Gondia railway medical officer SK Mandal rushed to the spot. Of the eight, two persons who were seriously injured have been referred to Nagpur while others are being treated at Saki Balaghat district hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12661242", "title": "Arjun\u2019s ode to mentor", "text": "Arjun Rampal, along with wife Mehr and journalist Khalid Mohammed, is all set to make a documentary on his mentor and one of India's most celebrated cinematographers, Ashok Mehta.Rampal and Mehta go back a long way. It was Mehta who gave Rampal his first break in Bollywood with Moksha, where he starred opposite Manisha Koirala . Mehta, the DOP behind acclaimed films like Bandit Queen and 36 Chowringhee Lane among others, was recently diagnosed with lung cancer.Rampal told Mirror, \"This is something that I wanted to do for him and I am doing it.\" However, the actor refrained from divulging further details.The documentary will be shot in Mumbai and will be around 90 minutes long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12673859", "title": "Forum plans to file public interest litigation against school donations", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Anti-donation committee of Davanagere has decided to file a public interest litigation (PIL) against the district educational authority as for failing to check donation menace in private schools and colleges. At a press conference here, JD (S) leader B M Satish, DSS leader Alur Ningaraj and advocate Bellary Revanna came down heavily on DC S S Pattana Shetty and DDPI B A Rajashekhar for their silence and failure in curbing donations in private educational institutions.Although, several meetings have been held between the managements of private educational institutions and the district administration headed by these two officials, there has been no headway on the issue, and schools blatantly flout instructions, they alleged.Admissions for the next academic year are already over in many private schools. Some of the schools have put up the break-up of the fee structure on their notice boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12673822", "title": "1 held for smuggling liquor", "text": "KARWAR: The excise enforcement and lottery prohibition wing of the police department on Saturday arrested a person for allegedly smuggling liquor from Goa. The arrested person is Praveen Durgekar of Harwada village in Ankola taluk.According to police Praveen was carrying 47 bags of liquor worth Rs. 3.83 lakh in a car bearing Goa registration. Police stopped his car near Harwada and seized the car and the liquor. Police said that the value of the car is approximately Rs. 1.25 lakh. Police has taken three persons into custody in this connection.Two of them were let off by police on Saturday afternoon.Motorist killedA bike rider was killed in an accident on National Hioghway 17 at Alvkodi village in Kumta taluk on Saturday. The victim was Ganapati Krishna Patgar of Alvekodi, an employee with the electricity board. His bike collided with a car when he was returning home from Kumta. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12670321", "title": "Drunk man strangles to death 18-year-old son in Nagaur", "text": "JAIPUR: An alcoholic father strangled to death his 18-year-old son at their house in Nagaur district on Friday night after the boy questioned his drinking habit. The accused was under the influence of alcohol when he strangulated his son, Girdhari Kumar, in fit of rage, police said. His other son, aged 10 years, witnessed the whole incident. The man escaped from the spot.According to the police, the incident occurred at Rohisa village under Thanwala police station area.\"Kumar's father, Bhenru Ram, is a farmer. He is an alcoholic. He used to beat his wife and children under influence of alcohol,\" said Harlal Singh, incharge of Thanwala police station.He added that Girdhari used to protest the frequent beatings by his father. He also used to oppose his drinking habit.\"On Friday night, Girdhari's mother was not home. She had gone to stay at some relative's house with her two daughters. Girdhari, his 10-year old brother and Bhenru Ram were in the house when the incident took place,\" said the officer.He added that Girdhari and Bhenru Ram picked up a fight. \"Girdhari again warned his father to give up alcohol and focus more on work. However, it irritated the father, who, in a fit of rage, pinned down Girdhari to the floor and strangulated him. He was so drunk that he did not immediately realize what had happened. According to the 10-year old boy, he thought Girdhari was unconscious,\" said the officer.However, when Bhenru Ram realized that his son was dead, he escaped from the house, leaving the 10-year-old crying. \"Some neighbours heard the boy's cries and came to the house to check whether Bhenru Ram was beating up the children again. They found Girdhari dead. They then informed the police,\" said the officer.A police team was immediately rushed to the village. \"The post-mortem of Girdhari's body has been conducted. We have launched a search for his father who has been booked under Section 302 of IPC (homicide),\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12679915", "title": "Authorities to start cleaning nullah", "text": "LUDHIANA: Learning lessons from their past mistakes, the municipal authorities are ready for cleaning of Buddha Nullah almost a month in advance. The authorities have transferred funds to the drainage department for beginning the cleaning of the drain as last year they had started the drive late and had failed to clean it properly before rainy season.The cleaning of Buddha Nullah has always remained a cause of concern for the authorities and despite several claims, they have failed in their attempt. But this year the cleaning drive would begin in a week so that it is completed before this rainy season and like every year the residents should not face problems due to overflowing filthy water of drain. The MC authorities have sanctioned Rs 48 lakh for the cleaning of the drain, but in the first stage they have paid Rs 16 lakh to the drainage department for beginning the work.Confirming this, additional commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, \"We have transferred one third portion of funds allocated for cleaning of the drain to drainage department and they have asured us that cleaning drive would begin within one week.\" He said cleaning drive would be conducted on 25 bridges of the drain from Tajpur till Pratap Singhwala near Warahara.Meanwhile, the residents claimed that MC authorities conduct the cleaning drive every year, but after cleaning it, heaps of garbage are left on the sides of the drain that again fall back in the drain. \"Only cleaning drive would not solve the problem of Buddha Nullah because they clean it with big machines and then leave the garbage as it is. It has become merely an eye wash and wastes a lot of money,\" said Arun Gupta a shopkeeper and resident of Haibowal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12669870", "title": "Quitting cushy &amp; high-paying jobs for a cause", "text": "PUNE: Neerja Kudrimoti did the unusual by quitting her high-paying job to take up a challenging assignment with government agencies that are active in the Naxal-affected areas. Neerja is not alone as she is joined by 155 other professionals from different walks of life. Their new assignment comes as part of a new fellowship programme offered by the rural development ministry.In fact, the Prime Minister's rural development fellowship scheme (PMRDFS), as the programme is known, got off the block early this month. Neerja and the other select professionals will be working with the district collectors in Naxal-hit areas and assist them at various levels after an initial two-month training.The programme is the brainchild of Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh. It aims at utilizing the vast professional talent from different levels of career, for the development initiatives through the Integrated Action Plan for each of the 78 Naxal-hit districts in Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Madhya Pradesh , Orissa, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.Neerja is from Raigad district and was working with a private information technology company in Pune. \"I came to know about this fellowship through a government magazine and decided to apply for it. A good earning job in IT company was the only motive and I was searching for some social activity. Fellowship for working in Naxal-hit areas is certainly challenging and I am aware of risk involved in it,\" she said.Neerja's father is a medical practitioner in Raigad and takes parts in various health care awareness programmes. She said, \"This social approach in the family was always at the back of my mind. During my job, I was searching for some social outlet too.\" Neerja would be joining the second batch of training that starts in June this year.\"Local language would play a crucial role. I think I will either go to Bhandara or Gadchiroli districts of Maharashtra to work with the collector,\" she said.A stipend of Rs 50,000 will be offered per month during the training, while Rs 75,000 will be given to every candidate. It is a two-year fellowship and could be extended to one more year.The scheme was announced in December last year and aspirants were asked to write essays on issues like 'Identify one of the socio-economic problems of the areas affected by Left wing extremism and suggest some measures to solve it.'As per the information shared on the PMRDFS' website, 8,560 applications were received for the scheme, of which 816 were selected for group discussion and personal interviews. Finally, only 156 were selected by the PMRDFS for training.The Hyderabad-based Tata Institute of Social Science will conduct the training and then they will be deployed at respective districts.Ramesh and deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia, along with social experts, held a group discussion with the professionals a few weeks ago in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12670827", "title": "Celluloid century", "text": "They all came - Bombay's rich and distinguished. Everyone present at the Olympia Theatre that evening knew they were about to witness something momentous. And when the special screening was over, they all applauded the filmmaker Dadasaheb Phalke for accomplishing what others had only dreamed of - making a totally indigenous full-length feature film. History had been made.The film was Raja Harishchandra and the date April 21, 1913 - which means that coming Saturday , Indian feature films enter their 100th year, a cause for celebration.Phalke wasn't the first Indian attempting to make a feature film. Pundalik, released a year earlier, was largely an Indian project though its makers employed British cinematographers. But Raja Harishchandra , to use Phalke's own expression, was fully swadeshi.' The word's usage was \"keeping with the patriotic spirit of the times\", writes film historian Firoze Rangoonwalla in A Pictorial History of Indian Cinema. What a swadeshi film would have meant to a nation wallowing under colonial rule for over 150 years is perhaps hard to understand in these globalized times when using foreign technicians, even heroines, is the new cool.From the very beginning, therefore, cinema in India was much more than vehicles of fantasy and forgetting which acted as escape hatches from dreariness and deprivation. Films often had a larger social role, a political sub-text . Despite a hierarchy of front stalls and balconies, cinema also massified and democratized entertainment like never before. In the dark of the auditorium, divisions of caste and community were momentarily cast aside.The silver screen sometimes became a surrogate channel to underline nationalist sentiments in pre-independence India. India's first censor controversy took place not because of nudity or violence but because the film Bhakht Vidur (1921) was seen as \"a politically subversive allegory,\" as Ashish Rajadhyaksha and Paul Willemen point out in Encylopaedia of Indian Cinema.Songs lent distinctiveness to mainstream cinema . But even a song could be slyly seditious. In Ashok Kumar's blockbuster success, Kismet (1943), the song, Door hato ae duniyawalon Hindustan hamara hai (lyricist: Pradeep), almost openly challenged the British rule in India.Even though Indian cinema remained a business for a majority of its shareholders, conscientious and influential filmmakers such as V Shantaram, Mehboob Khan, Bimal Roy and K A Abbas blended social realism with entertainment. They not only wanted their movies to be social mirrors of their time but also active agents of change. Issues of inequity, gender disparity and communal amity were often addressed in these movies.Quality cinema became abiding symbols of national pride. Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali won the Best Human Document Prize at Cannes in 1956. The following year, directors Amit and Sombhu Mitra's Jagte Raho, produced by Raj Kapoor, fetched first prize at Karlovy Vary film festival. For a nation barely a decade into freedom, these were a reaffirmation of a yes-we-can spirit.In every language and dialect, cinema often became expressions of pride, a positive expression of identity. Three years after Ganga Maiyya Tohe Piyari Chadahibo (1962) the first Bhojpuri film was released, a local film weekly Rambha wrote, \"The film's commercial success has raised the significance and value of Bhojpuri... like many regional languages, Bhojpuri has also become a respected language and those in Bhojpur who know the language feel pride in writing and speaking it.\" Now with movies each being certified in little-known Tudu and Kodava dialects by the Central Board of Film Certification, that process seems to continue.Films also allowed the distinct North and South regions to look at and into each other. Starting from S S Vasan's Gemini Films, the tradition continued with AVM and Prasad Productions. Despite inflamed passions over language in the 1950s and 1960s, Hindi films songs played on the radio were heard and hummed nationwide. For all its limitations, cinema had become a national glue, like cricket.Today India is the largest producer of movies in the world. In the 1950s, they wowed the USSR and Middle East. Now Indian cinema is keen to monetize its worth and become a genuinely global act. Three Idiots grossed over 10 million dollars away from home. My Name is Khan grossed 2.6 millions in South Korea. With changing times, popular mainstream movies are changing both in form and content . Movies are becoming shorter, duets are less frequent and songs appear to be impositions rather than part of the narrative. It is all part of the giveand-take inevitable in a constantly changing world.In all, it has been a mad, magical 100 years - a smorgasbord of Shantaram socials, JBH and Homi Wadia's stunt movies, Mehboob Khan specials, Adoor Gopalakrishnan's human dramas and Anurag Kashyap's attitude flicks. With superstars such as MGR, NTR, Rajkumar, Amitabh Bachchan, Uttam Kumar and ANR being the great dreamcatchers, cinema has offered both nirvana and marijuana, depending on one's taste and choice.It is time to celebrate these 100 years. By celebrating Indian cinema we celebrate ourselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12674018", "title": "Mechanic held for rape", "text": "MYSORE: A 25-year-old mechanic has been arrested on charges of kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old minor in T-Narsipura town.The girl, who is a resident of Triveni Nagar in the town, was allegedly kidnapped and raped by Yogesh, a resident of Vinayaka Nagar of the same town. Police on Saturday said that based on the complaint by the girl's father Naaganna against Yogesh on March 25, T-Narsipura police launched a search for the accused and succeeded in arresting him on April 12. The girl was rescued from Melukote.The girl has told police that Yogesh married her at a temple near Channapatna in the first week of April, and later allegedly raped her. Yogesh has been sent to judicial custody while the girl has been sent to Balamandira, a rehabilitation centre here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12670306", "title": "2 more swine flu deaths in city", "text": "PUNE: An infant and an elderly woman succumbed to the H1N1 influenza in the city, taking the toll in the district to 15 in the last 30 days. The city had reported the first swine flu casualty after a long gap, exactly on the same date last month.Four-and-a-half-month old Om Shivankar of Satavwadi in Hadapsar died at Noble Hospital at 6.55 am on Saturday, while Sarala Dalwale (78) of Ganesh Peth died at the KEM hospital at 9.55 pm on Friday. \"Both of them had tested positive for H1N1 influenza,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Dalwale, a patient of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a progressive lung disease, developed symptoms like fever, cough on March 28. \"By the time she was admitted to the hospital (March 28), her condition had already worsened, following which she was put on the ventilator. Besides COPD, she was suffering from hepatitis B ,\" said Pardeshi.She had tested positive for the H1N1 influenza on March 31. She was taken off the ventilator on April 9, when her condition improved. However, her condition deteriorated later and she suffered a heart attack and died.Om, who developed symptoms on April 1, was taken to Noble Hospital on April 3 when his condition serious where was put on the ventilator immediately. He tested positive for swine flu on April 6. During the course of treatment, he developed convulsions and died.\"At present, there is no critically-ill patient being treated at any hospital in Pune,\" Pardeshi said.Meanwhile, it has been over a month that a 30-year-old woman from Kondhwa Khurd is battling for life at Adity Birla Memorial Hospital in Chinchwad. \"She is the first person who was found positive for swine flu in Pimpri-Chinchwad during the recent resurgence. She was admitted to the ABMH on March 4 and tested positive two days later. She continues to be on ventilator support,\" said Milind Jawale, a medical officer of Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.The woman was pregnant when she was first referred to the Sassoon hospital, which in turn referred her to the ABMH. Seven months into her pregnancy, she delivered a baby through the Caesarean section at the ABMH. \"The baby is not infected and is in the neonatal intensive care unit of the ABMH and doing well,\" Jawale said.Meanwhile,five more people tested positive for swine flu - four from Pune and one from Pimpri Chinchwad - on Saturday. With this, the number of infected people in Pune has gone up to 335 since March.A 23-year-old woman from Dhule who was eight months pregnant died at J J Hospital in Mumbai on Apri 12. Her throat swab returned positive on April 13. \"Hers is the first case reported during this resurgence where swine flu virus had claimed life of a pregnant woman,\" said state epidemiologist Pradip Awate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675139", "title": "Former health director booked for \u2018doctoring\u2019 gradation list", "text": "BHOPAL: Former health director Dr Yogiraj Sharma has been booked on Saturday for allegedly committing forgery.Sharma, whose house was raided by the Income Tax department sleuths two years ago, has been accused of committing irregularities in the gradation list to pave the way for promotion of an employee of the health department.\"Initial complaint in this regard was received in 2009. However, a case was registered after corroborating the charges,\" said investigating officer P N Goel. A case has been registered against Dr Sharma under the Section 420 and one other in the case, the police said.The Jehangirabad police said Dr Sharma promoted one JK Mishra of the health department by superseding others.Police said the gradation list was manipulated for the purpose. Simultaneous complaints were lodged with Lokayukta and Jehangirabad police in the incident.Police said files related to the promotion went missing from the department during the initial course of investigation. However, the same files were recovered later.The government had placed Dr Sharma under suspension after IT raids on his residence. Later, it was revoked. He was given the compulsory retirement.Further investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12672229", "title": "Nitish Kumar in Mumbai for Bihar centenary celebrations", "text": "MUMBAI: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar arrived here on Saturday evening to attend centenary celebrations of his state, a day after MNS chief Raj Thackeray withdrew his threat to disrupt the event slated for Sunday.Kumar will be the chief guest at the 'Bihar Shatabdi Samaroh Utsav' being organised at 'Somaiya Ground' in a city suburb on Sunday evening.Kumar landed at the airport here from Patna amid tight security ahead of the planned event that had got embroiled in a controversy after MNS took exception to his remark that nobody could prevent him from visiting Mumbai and that he did not require a visa to visit the city.The Bihar chief minister had a telephonic talks with Thackeray on Saturday during which he clarified that the event was purely \"socio-cultural\" and that it did not have any political agenda.\"Nitish Kumar told me that he does not want to do politics over the celebration of 100 years of Bihar's creation and that the programme has no political agenda. After this I have no objection to the event being held in Mumbai,\" Thackeray told reporters after the conversation, ending apprehensions about peaceful holding of the event.\"Let us see how he (Nitish) celebrates Bihar Din in Mumbai,\" MNS chief had said addressing a party rally at Malegaon on Thursday while referring to Kumar's reported statement about he not needing a visa to visit Mumbai.\"Adequate security has been put in place for the visiting Bihar chief minister. Police force will be deployed at the programme venue in full strength,\" an official involved in the exercise said.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had also chaired a meeting of top home and police department officials on Satruday to take stock of the security arrangements for the programme.Several organisations of Buddhists, Jains and Sikhs whose saints like the Buddha, Mahavir and Guru Gobind Singh had association with Bihar, would honour Kumar at the centenary celebration.Kumar will also honour public servants, artists and professionals from Bihar who have distinguished themselves in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669482", "title": "Learnings from Hansiba Museum", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The most important lessons a designer often learns during the process of designing is unlearning! And meandering through hitherto under-discovered textiles and embroideries of Radhanpur, such has been the experience of the design team, spearheaded by Subrata Bhowmick - a city-based designer, who planned the exhibition at the Hansiba museum. And all in a matter of four days!Hansiba Museum is the first community museum in the state, developed by Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa) in Radhanpur, Banaskantha.\"This is the first museum project to have been accomplished in four working days. It was only possible because of the hard work of the Sewa women from Radhanpur,\" says Bhowmick. And this was the uniqueness of the project - the entire work force on site consisted of women.\"The women were so enthusiastic about the project that they often donated their own household items to complete the display. On one instance, a lady offered her wares to complete the ensemble of the flour mill,\" said Abhishek Dwevedi from the design team. \"Right from their embroidered clothing, the torans framing their doorways to the dharani draping their luggage - are intricate. As textile designers we have explored Patan and Kutch textiles, but Radhanpur was unknown. The rich embroidery tradition that persists is overwhelming,\" added Bhowmick. \"Also the simplicity of their lives!\"There are 1,700 different products available from which about 241 are currently on display. These include artifacts, utensils, embroidery, textiles and so on belonging to Aahins, Rabaris, Choudary Patels, Mochis - communities in Radhanpur. The products to be displayed on rotation, have been collected by Sewa over past two decades.The team has used natural and locally available material like jute rope, bamboo to put up the display. All these, including local mud mirror work 'kothi', are natural materials and are locally available.Prabhudas Mistry, a national awardee and Payal Nanavaty, an alumini of C N College of fine arts, also assisted Bhowmick's team.The exhibition celebrates 25 years of Sewa's involvement in Radhanpur. Commending Sewa's initiative Bhowmick concludes, \"If something is keeping our culture alive, it is the arts and crafts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "awareness rally on polio taken out", "code": "12673506", "title": "Awareness rally on polio taken out", "text": "Awareness rally on polio taken out: A day before the start of National Intensified Pulse Polio programme, a big awareness rally was taken out by the students of madrassa Darul Uloom Zakiurrahman, Naya Rasoolpur, Karamak ki Chowki, Kareli under the leadership of chief medical officer Ramesh Kumar .Senior medical officer community health Dr SAM Meesum inaugurated the rally in presence of district head of UNICEF social mobilization network Gulab Chand Saroj, DMC. The students participating in the rally shouted slogans like \"Hindu Muslim Sikh Isai, polio se hai sab ki ladayi\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668324", "title": "Senior lawyer Singhvi dead", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior counsel K K Singhvi died on Saturday. He was 85 and till last month could be seen arguing complicated and important legal cases before the Bombay high court where he practised for over six decades and was special civic counsel for the BMC for years, bailing them out from many a tight spot.Singhvi was a lawyer for whom age was just a number, his wit and vast legal acumen made him a true legal giant, said senior lawyers. He died in his Lonavla bungalow, said his lawyer son Sanjay. Iqbal Chagla, senior counsel, said: \"It's the end of a generation when law was practised in a professional and not commercial way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12673902", "title": "Prostitution racket busted", "text": "MYSORE: District police have busted a prostitution racket and have arrested two youths from Bangladesh who have infiltrated into the country.During a recent raid on Vasavi Lodge in Periyapatna taluk, four persons, including lodge owner Shivanna, were arrested for their alleged involvement in flesh trade.Four girls, including one from Bangladesh and another one from Nepal, were rescued.In a similar raid on Yathri Lodge near Yelwala of Hunsur taluk, six men were arrested and four girls were rescued. Lodge owner Lokesh is absconding.According to police, the rescued Bangladeshi girl revealed the involvement of Bangladeshi youths in flesh trade across the state. Acting on this tip-off, Mysore SP R Dileep formed a team headed by Mysore rural DySP Siddappa for investigation.Police arrested two Bangladeshi youths identified as Mohamed Sajadh Khan, 25, a meat trader in Gangodanahalli, near Nelamangala of Bangalore, and Babu, 24, from Madhanayakanahalli of Nelamangla taluk in Bangalore, for allegedly running the prostitution racket. The youths have been arrested, and have been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "when jack hemingway and sarah kemp failed to secure the tickets they wanted for the london olympics (athletics for him, gymnastics for her), they decided to get involved in quite a different way. both huge fans of the global sporting event, the couple planned to take on a challenge almost as intimidating as those facing the athletes themselves", "code": "12670459", "title": "Ready, get set, cook", "text": "When Jack Hemingway and Sarah Kemp failed to secure the tickets they wanted for the London Olympics (athletics for him, gymnastics for her), they decided to get involved in quite a different way. Both huge fans of the global sporting event, the couple planned to take on a challenge almost as intimidating as those facing the athletes themselves: they would eat a dish (whether home-made or in a restaurant) from every country that was entering the 2012 Olympics. From Afghanistan to Zimbabwe, they would sample a national dish, take photographs, and write about their experiences on their blog, Eat the Olympics.\"We just wanted to get into the home-turf Olympic spirit really; it's once in a lifetime,\" explains Hemingway, in their kitchen in north London, where they are specially preparing me Kuku Paka, a chicken and coconut curry with hardboiled eggs, popular in Kenya. \"I know people are moaning about how busy everywhere will be and how transport is going to be hellish, but it's three weeks of your life when people from all over the world come to London for a party.\"While the couple, both 25, love cooking, and say they would happily pick a long dinner with friends over a night down the pub, it is definitely an extracurricular pastime. Hemingway is a designer and Kemp works in food PR (although she also runs another food blog in her spare time, Food for Think).After getting the list of all 205 countries entering the Olympics, they were surprised (and a little embarrassed) to discover that there were a couple of places that they had never even heard of. They immediately took to the internet to discover more about each nation's cuisine and started to note down suggestions and potential recipes. Naturally, some countries are easier to research than others. \"It's hard to know if you're being authentic with some of the more obscure countries, so it can be tricky,\" says Hemingway.They started their challenge seven weeks ago - they've cooked around 60 dishes so far - but as the blog has grown in popularity, Hemingway and Kemp have found their readers are happy to help them in their quest. Someone sent them a Nepalese cookbook in the post. Restaurants specialising in far-flung cuisines, such as Peru and Argentina, have had them to dine as guests. People with pride in their national dishes have even tweeted suggestions at them.As both have to hold down full-time jobs, they take a fairly relaxed approach to proceedings. Some weekends they will cook up to 15 meals, other times they will go a few days without making anything. With the dishes they are cooking themselves, they are aiming to do 75 per cent main dishes and 25 per cent desserts and puddings . Each meal is photographed and receives a ranking based on taste: gold, silver, bronze, and the dreaded \"disqualified\" .Alas, plenty have found themselves disqualified . Sweet-potato cake from Cameroon was deemed \"inedible\", while banana and peanut-butter biscuits from Vanuatu were treated with similar disdain . But it hasn't all been bad. The couple have discovered some wonderful dishes and learnt a huge amount about food from all around the world. Flan de Leche from El Salvador, Fijian grilled aubergine with coconut sauce, Chilean braised chicken with coriander, and lime meringue pie from the Ivory Coast are just some of the dishes that have been awarded the gold medal. Others have been more divisive, such as Albanian baked lamb with yoghurt, which Hemingway dismissed because the yoghurt had curdled into a cottage cheeselike substance, while Kemp thought it was actually rather tasty. \"He's a designer so he likes things to look nice,\" she sighs.Surprisingly, they've been able to get hold of everything they've needed, one of the joys of living in modern-day multicultural Britain, they say. \"There's a great Ethiopian store on Brick Lane, and there's a big Asian community in Wembley so there are some brilliant Asian grocery stores. There's a Chinese supermarket quite near us too. There are these little pockets all over London,\" enthuses Kemp. \"But we want people to be able to join in and try out the recipes so we are being careful about what we use. We don't want people to look at it and go, 'Oh we could never do that.'\"For something so ambitious, there have been few real disasters, say the couple. Except for the time Kemp almost burnt the kitchen down. \"We were cooking short beef ribs which we were going to do for our United States entry,\" she recalls . \"I heated vegetable oil in a pan and it cracked and went all over the hob and it went up in flames.\" They ended up baking a pecan pie for their American entry instead.The main issues the couple have encountered - besides finding the time to fit it all in - is getting accurate recipes. \"We do so much online and sometimes a recipe will be translated using Google Translate, so we can't be sure it's right,\" says Hemingway. \"Sarah has trouble transferring all the measurements into grams and sometimes, because we're not familiar with the cuisine, it's hard to tell if we've done a bad job with something or if it's just horrible.\"The couple hope to finish their challenge on the day of the closing ceremony, when they plan to invite friends and family over for a British feast. They're still undecided about what to make but have toyed with the idea of a traditional Sunday roast or fish and chips. Whatever they decide on, at least they won't have any trouble finding a recipe.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12674310", "title": "\u2018Mining firms flouting norms\u2019", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Geeta Koda, Jagannathpur legislator and wife of former chief minister Madhu Koda alleged here on Saturday that mining companies were violating environmental norms in the district.Her husband is currently in jail on charges of payoff in the awarding of mining contracts during his tenure as the chief minister.Deposing before the Shah Commission - headed by justice M B Shah - here on Saturday, the debutant legislator complained of violation of norms in carrying out mining operations by companies with mining rights in the district.Chaibasa legislator Deepak Biruwas, who was also present at the public hearing, accused the mining officials of not monitoring the mining activities effectively.\"Scores of trees have been felled by the mining firms in the forest area over the last few years but the forest department officials hardly question them,\" alleged an activist of Akhil Bharatiya Aadivasi Mahasabha at the hearing.Former MP and senior Congress leader Bagun Sumbrui and former Bihar Assembly deputy speaker Devendranath Champia also took up several environment issues with Justice Shah during the public hearing. Members of various tribal outfits were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12669502", "title": "Slain Nationalist Congress Party leader had received Naxal threats", "text": "NAGPUR: Kewal Saoker Atkamwar, the senior Nationalist Congress Party leader and former zilla parishad member who was shot dead by an 'action team' of the Naxals at Etapalli on Friday, had earlier received threats from the Maoists. Police sources told TOI that Atkamwar, who was pretty popular as a good Samaritan, had been threatened before the zilla parishad and panchayat elections in February.Atkamwar was shot dead at Shivaji Chowk at Etapalli, where he was chatting with friends after attending a marriage ceremony. While Atkamwar succumbed to injuries, Prashant Kokulwar and Laxminarayan Warare are recuperating in hospital.While the cold-blooded murder has triggered a shock wave in the district, the reason behind the murder is yet to come to fore. Speculations remained high the day after the murder. Sub-divisional police officer of Etapalli, Vivek Masal said that statements of the friends and others close to Atkamwar are being taken down, but the exact reason of the murder is not yet known. Police are also probing if the murder was fallout of Naxal wrath or political rivalry.Sources in the district said that Atkamwar did not even contest the election and was never among the ones who had openly opposed the Naxals or criticized their agendas. \"He was also a civic contractor. Many times Naxals expect a share of the cost of works as their commission. The contractors working in the district generally have no option but to pay off,\" said the source. \"These kinds of murders of a non-controversial man could be also fallout of misunderstanding created when the middlemen pocket the contractor's money instead of handing over the same to the Naxals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12668423", "title": "Coimbatore to get its 1st science park in May", "text": "COIMBATORE: Come May, and the city will have its first science park. Built on a cost-sharing basis between the state government and the Centre on a 6.71-acre property, the project which is the first-of-its-kind in Western Tamil Nadu is expected to cost around Rs 8.5 crore. The park will be built near Codissia trade fair complex on Avinashi Road.The park will be managed by the National Council of Science Museum and Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre.Speaking to TOI, executive director of Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre, P Iyamperumal said a textile gallery has been planned in the park to educate children on textile technology.The 5,000 sq ft textile gallery will have exhibits relating to the textile industry's evolution from the conventional models to the modern technology.Also, the forest department will plant various saplings in the park to provide it a green cover. More than 200 varieties of saplings have already been planted.Besides swings for the children the park also includes, a giant size globe set up using anamorphic drawing to help children see the image of Sir CV Raman from a distance; and a 5,000 sq ft fun science gallery to impart knowledge on basic science.The gallery will also comprise of construction models of everyday items like TVs, fridges and air conditioners to enable children learn the theories behind their functioning.Also, a 3D theatre with a capacity of 70 people has been planned at the park to help children learn through the infotainment module.The children will be taught on cloning and stem cell using polaroid glass. The theatre will also be used for conducting lectures.The regional science park has been designed in a way to make children learn through participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670565", "title": "Sixteen held in late night raid on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Sixteen people were arrested in a police raid late on Thursday for creating a ruckus on MG Road. They were produced in a city court on Friday, which granted them bail.Three teams from Sector 29, DLF Phase II and Sushant Lok police stations arrested the 16 during a raid on the city's Mall Mile.The Sector 29 police have lodged an FIR against 10 people. An FIR was lodged against four by the DLF Phase II police while the Sushant Lok police lodged an FIR against the two accused under Section 160 of the IPC.The city police launched a crackdown last month soon after a 23-year-old pub attendant was abducted and gang-raped. Subsequently, there were protests across the NCR which put pressure on the authorities to act against crimes targeting women. The district administration and police pulled out all the stops in taking measures to prevent violence against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669487", "title": "Haryanvi ragnis to make Lalu sway", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Rashtriya Janata Dal leader Lalu Prasad Yadav comes to Rewari on April 18 for the 'lagan' - a pre-marriage ceremony - of the wedding of his daughter Dhannu with Haryana power minister Ajay Singh Yadav's son Chiranjeev Rao, he will experience a different celebratory flavour.A tad different from the bouquet of Bhojpuri marriage songs, he will see Haryanvi singers, led by Mahavir Guddu, present ragnis (folk songs) during the function.This function marks the start of the marriage rituals. The who's who of the political spectrum in the country is expected to attend the grand wedding to be held at Delhi on April 24. Apart from the neta brigade, cricketers like Virender Sehwag have been sent an invite for the function as Lalu's son, Tejaswi, is an IPL cricketer.The Captain's family has planned the 'lagan' as a big event, and sent out invitations to high-profile guests in Haryana, Rajasthan and Punjab, apart from the over 10,000 guests from nearby villages. Sources said that the number of guests may finally touch 20,000 as the invites are are still being sent out.For the entertainment of crowd, it's going to be a row of Haryanvi singers. The bridegroom, who is the Haryana Youth Congress chief, had also invited singer Mahavir Guddu to perform at a yuva panchayat held at Gurgaon last year. AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi had also addressed the panchayat attended by around 9,000 activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12674268", "title": "Anti-speed exercise deferred", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The West Singbhum traffic department's proposed machine-driven exercise to check the speed limit in several accident prone zones in the city has been deferred by a fortnight.The department had to take this decision in the wake of unavailability of the costly speed guns that were supposed to be installed at identified places ahead of the launch of the drive on April 11. After consultations with the senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha, the traffic department has reworked the 'penal strategy' to combat the high accident rate and casualty rise in the city periphery, particularly in the five danger zones.\"The drive was supposed to begin on April 11 but the machine has yet not reached here, so we had to defer it for another week or 10 days,\" said DSP traffic G N Singh. He said the five speed guns, costing about Rs 80,000 each had been procured by the police headquarters in Ranchi though they are still to be delivered here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kutch", "code": "12672811", "title": "Cartoons are integral to democracy, says Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "KUTCH: Reacting to the arrest of a Jadavpur University professor in Kolkata for posting a cartoon of chief minister Mamata Banerjee on the internet, former Railways Minister Dinesh Trivedi today said cartoons are integral to democracy.Trivedi, who had to quit the Union Cabinet after he fell foul of Banerjee for increasing train fare in rail budget and had to eventually resign on her directive, said here \"I feel cartoons are integral part of healthy democracy.\"If a person is \"standing on one's feet\", he or she should not be perturbed by cartoons, Trivedi said, speaking in Gujarati.The cartoon features Trivedi besides Mamata and Trivedi's successor as railway minister Mukul Roy.\"Cartoons cannot destroy your image. It is the people who make your image and it is they who destroy it,\" Trivedi said.Trivedi visited Kutch, his ancestral town, today. West Bengal police on Saturday arrested Professor Ambikesh Mohapatra of Jadavpur University for posting a cartoon of Banerjee on a popular social networking site.The cartoon showed the chief minister and the railway minister Mukul Roy exchanging dialogues from \"Sonar Kella\" a popular Bengali film by Satyajit Ray , alluding to the replacement of Trivedi by Roy.\"Only thing is a cartoon should be healthy and it should not be in bad culture,\" Trivedi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12674762", "title": "Cargo hub at airport will help agri-business: Singh", "text": "INDORE: A cargo hub at the Indore airport will transform business- especially agri-based- around Indore said the union minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh after formally inaugurating the new airport terminal building of the Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport here on Saturday.He urged the state government to consider allotting additional land near the airport to Airport Authority of India (AAI) so as to help its expansion.The minister announced that Gwalior and Khajuraho airports will be developed under the XIIth five-year plan. \"The new integrated terminal of the airport has all the facilities of an international airport and it would not take much time to grant it status of international airport,\" said Singh.He pointed that air travel has no more remained an elite mode of transport as more and more people are using air services to fly in the domestic sector.He said the ATF expenses include 40 to 50% of operation cost of airlines and the increasing cost of ATF is hitting the aviation industry badly, which is going through a difficult financial situation. Singh said the state government should support expansion of aviation in tier-II and III cities by reducing taxes on ATF.He hoped that despite financial problems in the aviation industry, sector is expected to grow by 15% over the next ten years. Keeping this in mind, the ministry is planning to develop 60 airports in tier II and III cities and additional airports at metros on public private partnership in the next few years. \"Our focus is to connect small cities with small aircraft,\" said Singh, adding that smaller aircraft connecting small cities hold the key to future growth of industry.On Kingfisher airlines, the minister said the airlines has given new schedule and they are abiding by it for a month now. \"As long as they abide by their schedule the licence will not be cancelled,\" Singh said. He, however, ruled out any bailout package by the Union government for Kingfisher airlines.He also added that the government has made clear to Air India to reduce its cost and perform as per industry standard else the government will not continue to bail out them with public money. \"We are implementing some of the suggestion of Justice D M Dharmadhikari committee and hope that it will improve the condition of Air India,\" said Singh.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said currently 22 districts in the state have air strips and the government is working to develop air strips in all the 50 districts. He also emphasized on promotion of aircraft to connect small centres. \"In this budget, we have reduced 5% VAT on ATF and government is willing to provide land for expansion of Indore airport, even though acquiring land is little difficult in Indore,\" Chouhan said.Union minister of state, commerce and industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia and MP Sumitra Mahajan also supported the long pending demand for international status to Indore airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "12668659", "title": "Mayawati dares UP CM Akhilesh Yadav to a park fight", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh's foremost political feud flared afresh on Saturday with BSP chief Mayawati pledging to resist any bid to alter Dalit memorial parks set up during her tenure as CM and her successor Akhilesh Yadav insisting the land can be used for public utilities.Responding to Mayawati's challenge - held out at her first public appearance after being dethroned in UP - Akhilesh Yadav said statues of Dalit leaders would not be touched but declared welfare projects like hospitals can come up on vacant land at the parks.Although BSP recently lost the UP election, a feisty Mayawati sought to boost the morale of her dalit base after a stunning SP victory by taking on Akhilesh over his earlier statement that public facilities can be constructed on sprawling memorial parks housing statues of dalit stalwarts like Bhimrao Ambedkar, Kanshi Ram and herself.The UP CM, who was in Delhi, said, \"No one should object to the land being used for services like a hospital for women and children... we are not touching the statues, I said so earlier as well.\" His uncle and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav warned financial fiddles will be examined. \"No one can loot in the name of icons,\" he said.SP threats have not deterred Mayawati, who made it clear she is set to renew the SP-BSP battle with SP's GenNext. \"Any attempt to alter dalit memorials or construct anything else on the attached land would lead to a law and order crisis not only in UP but nationally.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12673017", "title": "Indrajith's a step closer to his dream role", "text": "In a career spanning a decade and close to 50 films, Indrajith's one of the few young actors who's chosen variety over stereotypical roles. However, even after trying his hand as antagonists, protagonists and supporting characters, he's still in search of his dream role.\"I have always badly wanted to play a historic figure in a period film,\" says Indrajith, who came closest to it by playing Hamlet in the Shakespeare novel's Mollywood adaptation Karmayogi.However, the versatile actor says, \"I am just 32 and I'm keeping high hopes that it doesn't remain a dream forever.\"Indrajith can keep his fingers crossed as his latest signing for MT Vasudevan Nair-Hariharan duo's Ezhaamathey Varavu could just do the trick.While the flick is a love story set in the backdrop of forests, the duo's next epic project Randaamoozham, based on MT's Jnanpith-winning novel that narrates Mahabharatha from Bhima's perspective, has enough and more historical characters and a strong performance in Ezhaamathey Varavu could be the deal (or dream) clincher for Indrajith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12674305", "title": "Maoists up in arms against dam project", "text": "RANCHI: Having fastened the seat belts to take on the central paramilitary and specialized security forces, CPI(Maoist) have started voicing concerns of the environmentalists.Announcing opposition to the Kutku dam project, they have called upon environmentalists and the intelligentsia to come forward and protest the move of the union and the state government in completing the dam project that would lead to submergence of around 32 villages in the Palamu division.Spokesperson of Bihar-Jharkhand North Chhatisgarh simant regional committee, Manas, said the ongoing operation Octopus aims at crushing the villagers and forest dwellers who fear displacement once the dam gates and the walls are completed.\"The Kutku dam project began in the mid-70s but the construction of wall and iron gates have been pending because once they are constructed almost 32 villages in the Palamu Tiger Reserve and the Betla National Park would submerge,\" he said, stressing to complete the project, over 1500 villagers have to be evacuated. \"It seems that the state and the union government have joined hands to flush out the villagers in the name of anti-Maoist operations so that they can complete the dam project without any hurdle. But the CPI(Maoist) are not ready to give a freeway to the security forces,\" Manas said.Operation Octopus began this month on the Bihar-Jharkhand and Chhatisgarh borders, and aims to tackle the Maoists in Palamu, Latehar and Garhwa districts. While the first encounter took place on April 5, in which one CoBRA personnel was killed and two others were injured, the second clash occurred on April 9, in which one PLGA member was killed and over seven security personnel were injured. Admitting the death of a PLGA member, a Maoist spokesperson said that they would not let the sacrifice go in vain.\"Operation Octopus is one of the most intense crackdowns of the security forces till date, but our one PLGA platoon took on the mighty force of over 700 armed personnel of the Jharkhand Jaguar, CoBRA and CRPF personnel, and ended up with minimal losses,\" he said.He criticized the forces for wreaking havoc on innocent villagers while returning from the jungles of Chemo Sanya village of Garhwa district. \"The tribals were forced to carry injured securitymen on their backs and threatened if they did not support them,\" Manas said.Maoists have alleged that in stray firing, the wife of one Ashok Yadav was injured whereas two other tribals, Bestar Minj and Rajendra Korba, were brutally beaten up to create a fear of the security forces among villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12669144", "title": "These cr\u00e8ches mind your kid 24/7", "text": "BANGALORE: How often did you have to rush back from work to pick up your child from the play home/creche?When Sucheta Madhusudan, an MBA, left her job because she couldn't work late hours - she had to fetch her child from the creche at 6pm - she decided to set up a 24/7 creche.\"I didn't want women who studied hard to get their dream jobs to throw it all away because there was no one to take care of the child. My promotions were getting affected because I had to log out at 6pm to fetch my baby from the creche. I decided to start a creche where women could drop off their children and pick them up any time of the day,\" she told STOI.Bangalore's new-age creches cater to parents who travel and do night shifts. These facilities allow parents to drop off their children even late at night.Says Ananthalakshmi Sridhar Kadambi, who had to spend several weeks in hospital to take care of her father-in-law: \"I could not take my two-year-old, Abhinav, to the hospital; nor could I leave him at home. Kidspace came in handy. There were times when I picked up my baby late at night on my return from the hospital.\"Kidspace, opened at Uttarahalli eight months ago by Sucheta, caters largely to BPO couples. \"They come in at 9pm and pick up their children the next morning.Among her clients is a couple studying after marriage. \"During exam time, they leave the child here. I charge them on an hourly basis. I know there are thousands of women like me who had to quit their job after a child. I don't want that to happen. It's important for a woman to pursue her career\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "12670207", "title": "\u2018Model led Kakkar to suspect\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Hanish Kakkar is frantically searching for his Mumbai-based brother Karankumar Kakkar. Hanish, a resident of Ramesh Nagar in Delhi, was in touch with his brother till March 5 after which the 28-year-old aspiring film producer could not be reached .Hanish (32), a small-time property agent, and his mother rushed to Mumbai on March 9 and lodged a missing complaint with the Amboli police on March 11, leading to a maze of revelations. They got to know that Karankumar might have been abducted by his small-time model friend, Simran Sood, her flat mate Vijay Palande and two others, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh. The accused, charged on Friday for kidnapping Karankumar \"with the intention of murder\", are also allegedly involved in the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku.On Saturday, starlet Rozlyn Khan, who is working in an underproduction film, was questioned about the nature of her relationship with Karankumar. Police also spoke to three women friends of Simran. Officials said Simran hadn't been cooperating in the investigation. The crime branch of Mumbai Police will now investigate both cases.Hanish said that on reaching Mumbai, they had also found that Karankumar's BMW car, his laptop and two-three mobile phones were missing from his apartment in Andheri (west). \"I spoke with my brother on March 5 around 2pm. He told me that he was going to meet Vijay Palande regarding work. I later found out that Palande also called himself Karan Sood. We wished him luck but he has been unreachable since that evening. We waited for some more days, thinking he might have gone outside Mumbai. But then we were very worried,\" said Hanish from Mumbai on Saturday.Hanish said he knew that Karnakumar was friendly with Simran who lived in the same building. \"They used to meet often. She also used to visit his flat. It was she who introduced my brother to Karan, saying he was her brother,\" said Hanish.He searched for Karankumar's credit card details and found out that it was swiped at a shop in Malad. \"I got a CD made out of the CCTV footage and gave it to police.\" Transactions were also made from Karankumar's other bank cards, Hanish claimed.After returning to Delhi on March 24, \"someone had called me to inform that he had found Karankumar's mobile phone at New Delhi station. On March 31, I went and picked it up. It was broken. I wonder how the phone reached Delhi,\" he said.Hanish, who went back to Mumbai on April 5, was aware that his brother had a flamboyant lifestyle. \"We had an apartment in Rohini that we sold off recently for Rs 15 lakh. I gave him the money to fund his business. We were keen to support him financially but I am a small-time property agent. Both houses in Ramesh Nagar and Mumbai are rented. It was difficult for us to fund his needs all the time.\" Karankumar is an undergraduate with no formal education in film making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12670193", "title": "Financial consultant for Mopa in 14 days", "text": "PANAJI: The state government is likely to appoint a financial consultant for the upcoming Greenfield International Airport at Mopa within a fortnight. The consultant will be chosen from among five companies.PPP cell director Anand Sherkane said that five companies applied to their tender notice issued. \"We received applications from KPMG , Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Private Limited, PricewaterhouseCoopers , John Lang LaSalle and Ernst and Young,\" said Sherkane.He added that the consultant would provide a detailed plan on the financial mode, revenue generation, expenditure, actual cost of the airport and how many years the state should lease the airport to private players. \"The government will finalize the appointment of the consultant within fortnight,\" confirmed Sherkane.The government has also called a meeting of the Mopa airport steering committee on April 23 to discuss and finalize the draft master plan for the Greenfield International Airport at Mopa.The state government had appointed Amman and Whitney as the consultant for the Mopa airport.The state government had taken possession of about 65% of land required for the construction of the airport. Of the proposed 74.99 lakh sq m intended to be acquired in six villages, the government has taken possession of 48.70 lakh sq m of land in four villagesChief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the government is committed towards constructing the international airport at Mopa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12673840", "title": "Youth crushed to death", "text": "DHARWAD: In a heart rending incident, a 17-year-old boy was crushed to death after a road roller fell on him while he was repairing it on Saturday. The deceased has been identified as Abdul Majid, son of Mehboobali and a resident of Shivaganaga Nagar on the outskirts of Dharwad.Police said, Abdul was working as a mechanic at a garage and on Saturday had attached a jack to the road roller and was working beneath it. However, the jack slipped and the roller fell on him crushing him to death.The local people tried to pull him out. But having sustained severe head injuries Abdul died instantly. A case has been registered at rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12668557", "title": "'I was targeted for showing Aurobindo\u2019s human side\u2019", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Caught in a row over his portrayal of Sri Aurobindo, American historian Peter Heehs is glad that his visa has been extended by a year despite calls for his deportation. In an interview with Sunday Times of India, Heehs, an inmate of the Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry for over four decades, says there are many ways of approaching the life of the spiritual leader and none of them can be termed incorrect. He said the decision to extend his visa \"represents the true feelings of the government of India.\"Excerpts from an interview:Do you think the delay in getting the visa extended was because of the uproar over your biography of Sri Aurobindo?My visa extension became an issue around the time my book became an issue. It is not coincidence. I was never informed about any visa irregularity earlier.What is your response to the controversy your book has created?Any book is open to criticism. You publish something, people will review, point out mistakes, bring things up for discussion, criticize your facts, your approach, anything and that's the way the intellectual life proceeds. I have no issue with that. But what really happened was character assassination. They first targeted me and then the ashram, because the trustees stood by me.What triggered the controversy?I can say categorically that I did not say Sri Aurobindo and the Mother had a romantic relationship. I did not say that there was any element of madness in Sri Aurobindo's personality. But these questions were raised in the literature I had read. As an impartial biographer, I wanted to take up and discuss these. On these issues, I have written four pages and at the end of it I concluded that the relationship between Sri Aurobindo and the Mother was entirely spiritual. It is unfortunate that people did not bother to read till the end.How is the response from academicians and those who know about Sri Aurobindo and the Mother?The people who have never heard about Sri Aurobindo or had just a vague idea about him found him to be a remarkable individual after reading my book. Some people said when I spoke of Sri Aurobindo as a human being I was bringing him down to earth and insulting him. But by showing his human side I was trying to highlight the multi-faceted personality.What changes have you seen in the ashram?It was much different earlier. There were very few people then. The Mother was there, but not many visitors. Yogic environment was very strong. I easily got into a spiritual mode and along with a few other inmates, developed a centre that became a centre for archives later. There is a difference between yoga sadhana and religion. Now, people get out of buses, visit the samadhi and the dining room. They don't know who Sri Aurobindo and the Mother were.What is your take on those opposing the freedom of speech?I think in a robust democracy like India there is always room for discussion. People say that Indians are close-minded but Amartya Sen in his book 'Argumentative Indian' shows India has a long tradition of discussion and debates. What kind of democracy is it when the minute you disagree with someone you are taken to court?What are your plans?I have got tickets. I have plans to go to Europe and the United States . I will come back in July and continue my work.What are your future projects?I am planning a book next year on intellectual history. The book will focus on how the idea of self changed over a period of time in different countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12669331", "title": "Real bytes helped him script a gritty dacoit tale", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From digging out facts from his reluctant wife like how many chapattis did Paan Singh Tomar have to finding every little detail about the athlete-turned-dacoit, Sanjay Chauhan, the scriptwriter of Bollywood flicks like \"Paan Singh Tomar\" and \"I am Kalam,\" narrated how challenging it was to explore Tomar's life.Chauhan was in the city to address a session titled, \"Jaisi haqiqat wasia fassana,\" at the Chandigarh Literature Festival 2012.With negligible information about Tomar on popular search engines, research sites, sports departments across the country and the the army, meeting dacoits was the only option with Chauhan, who did just that to pen a perfect script. There was no choice but to be realistic while writing such a script, he said.Chauhan while talking to TOC later revealed, how Indira, Tomar's wife would tell him in a rather raw slang that she never knew how many chapattis he ate, since her mother-in-law used to feed him. \"Hum to ghunghat ode ke baithe rehte the,\" she used to tell Chauhan.\"From working as a sub-editor in leading magazines and newspapers to taking a sabbatical to collect folk tales from villages in India, I have done it all. I eventually ended up writing scripts for TV serials and then \"I am Kalam\" happened,\" reveals Chauhan.He added how script-writing is now being given more importance in the film industry. \"Now is a phase that script writers are being respected. Be it \"Kahani\" or \"Dirty Picture,\" the audience has given a sign that a good story treated in a nice way is accepted, but a good story treated badly is not,\" points out Chauhan.His next venture is a script, 'Hari Bhai Oscar Wale,\" which is all about the dreams of a 55-year old Gujarati theatre artist who plays the role of spider man and superman on stage.In this film, this man, is shown as a person who was one of the participants in the Dandi march in the movie, \"Gandhi,\" and he aspires to go to Los Angeles to grab a role winning him an Oscar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670325", "title": "Youth dies of shock, burnt in house fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old was electrocuted while fixing an electric plug in Mayur Vihar area of east Delhi. The deceased, Rahul, was alone at his uncle's residence when the accident took place. Rahul's uncle and other family members had gone to Meerut for a wedding and they had asked Rahul to spend Friday night at their residence, police said.Around midnight, Rahul was fixing a plug at the ground floor of the house when there was a short circuit in the plug and fire broke out. Rahul was charred to death,\" said a senior cop.The residents on the first floor of the building first noticed the fire and they alerted the police. Rahul was rushed to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead. His body has been sent for autopsy and there is no foul play, said police sources.People should be careful while touching any electrical wire, and only trained electricians should do such work, a senior fire officer said. Rahul was a student of class 12 and also helped his father in the business, a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12668283", "title": "Youth lands in police net for extortion", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth, Ravi Barot (26), was arrested recently for extorting money from a bar owner. Barot claimed he was fronting for Vasant Dhoble, assistant commissioner of police from the social service branch. Luck ran out for Barot when the bar owner called up Dhoble.Barot demanded Rs 50,000 from Hiren Shah, who owns a bar in Borivli, the police said. \"Barot claimed that he was making the demand on behalf of Dhoble. On March 23, Shah paid Barot Rs 10,000,\" said an official from the Kasturba Marg police station.Cops are inquiring if Barot targeted other bar owners using the same modus operandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12670643", "title": "Fire safety week to focus on multiplexes", "text": "NOIDA: Fire Safety Week kicked off on April 14 with a focus on spreading awareness among citizens on the prevention of fire at home. The theme of the week this year is 'smoke management will save lives'. Multiplexes and other buildings that witness huge footfall will be the focus this year. Meanwhile, officials say that the UP government has allocated no funds to the fire department in the current financial year.As many as 723 fires, with losses amounting to more than Rs 219 crore, were recorded in the last one year. \"Around 450 buildings were checked for fire safety norms and around 100 were issued notices,\" said Aman Sharma, newly-appointed chief fire officer, Gautam Budh Nagar. \"We will make sure that all complexes comply with fire safety norms or face penalty,\" Sharma said.\"This year, we are concentrating on malls, multiplexes and buildings which witness massive crowds,\" said Sharma. \"Besides conducting drills, we will use short films, audio-visual aids and pamphlets to create awareness,\" Sharma said. \"We also plan to crack down on illegal units which are involved in filling gas cylinders in some of the villages across the district,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12675172", "title": "500 govt teachers yet to receive March salary", "text": "BHOPAL: Even after two weeks have passed, around 500 government school teachers of the district are yet to receive their salaries for March. Usually the salary is disbursed by the second day of the month.Permanent and contract teachers working at about 100 schools in the district are yet to receive their salaries for March. They teachers include 'adhyapak' (teachers) and 'samvida shikshak' (contractual teachers) grade II and III.The district education officer (DEO) said, \"I have received a complaint quite recently. The matter shall be looked into on Monday.\"The salaries of the teachers are transferred from the DEO office to drawing and disbursing officer's account (DDO). Last month's salaries have not been transferred from the DEO's to the DDO's account, according to sources.The schools belong to the Ratibad, Eintkhedi and Railway Station clusters. The salaries of the permanent and contract teachers range between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12669417", "title": "Teen drowns in pond", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of an 18-year-old student was found floating in a pond at Dum Dum Park near Lake Town on Saturday afternoon. Police have registered an unnatural death case.The victim, identified as Ayandeep Mallick, was a Class XII student and a resident of Battala in Kolkata. He had come to the No. 2 Tank area in Dum Dum Park to attend coaching classes.Around 2.30 pm, locals found him floating in a pond near the No. 2 Tank and informed police. A team from Lake Town police station brought the boy out of the pond and took him to a local nursing home, where he was declared dead. Prima facie, police rule out foul play and suspect the boy drowned when he went to take a bath in the pond. \"No complaint was lodged by the victim's family. The body was sent for autopsy and a probe has been started,\" said Rajib Dhar, the OC of Lake Town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12670235", "title": "International schools face bigger cost hit from Right to Education", "text": "NEW DELHI: Educating 25% poor children for free is probably a greater challenge for many international schools in Delhi and NCR than any regular school. Besides international curriculum, most of these schools offer state-of-the-art facilities to every student cost of which runs into several lakhs every year.These schools feel government reimbursement won't even cover basic tuition fee forcing them to look for effective coping strategies. They are ready to share the responsibility of making Right to Education a success but such schools say they have to make sure their quality doesn't dip due to pressure on their finances.\"The fee charged by an international school is higher than a regular CBSE school. So the challenge there is higher too. We will have to take a call as we go along,\" said Ashok Chandra, chairperson, DPS Society that runs DPS International School in Saket.The school offers CIE curriculum, has 20-25 students in a class and uses technology extensively. The teacher-student ratio in a regular school would be 1:40. While a regular school charges a total fee up to Rs 70,000 annually for classes I to XII, an international school may have a fee touching Rs 4-5 lakh per year. The extra-curricular facilities offered by such schools are often almost luxurious. Most international schools offer nutritious meals to the students besides arranging for activities like horse-riding, adventure sports and foreign leisure trips.For instance, Lancers International School in Gurgaon took students from classes IX to XI on a trip to France and Germany in the first week of April. Providing all these facilities for free can be really taxing, schools say. \"Schools like us believe in providing a holistic education to our students and we incur a huge cost in providing the facilities. For instance, we have some of the best nutritional and sports facilities available to our students. However, the Supreme Court judgement has implied that the total cost of operations for our school will increase substantially,\" said Pramod Sharma, director and principal, Genesis Global School, Noida.He further said, \"There are a few options available to us. Firstly, we can depend on the aid provided by the government for this. However, the aid itself is very basic and will not cover our cost. Secondly, we can decrease the quality of services provided by us, which is not something we are willing to do. We can increase the fees for other students in the school though we are not keen on doing it. So, we will have to come up with an innovative solution.\"Several international schools have already been teaching poor children voluntarily. However, after RTE, they have to admit 25% children separately in the entry class, who will be taught for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12675559", "title": "Billa 2 teaser sets records", "text": "The teaser of Ajith's upcoming flick Billa 2 has taken Youtube by a storm.The teaser has been trending right from the moment it appeared on Youtube and it is on its way to create a record of sorts as far as Tamil films are concerned. The official teaser has received over 4 million views since April 13, when it was first unveiled, with the comments space being filled with hundreds of pages of comments.Billa 2, the prequel to Ajith's superhit Billa (a remake of the Rajinikanth starrer of the same name which itself was a remake of Amitabh Bachchan's Don), tells the story of how David, an ordinary man became the much-feared international don Billa. The film stars Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah as the leading ladies and Vidyut Jamwal (of Force fame) as the antagonist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12670497", "title": "\u2018Schools not admitting poor students\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: According to an RTI reply, a number of schools in the city which have been given land by HUDA are not complying with the conditions mentioned in the contract, when it comes to issues related to admission.An office memo (A-5-91/12475-78) dated 6-6-1991, a copy of which is with TOI, written by the HUDA chief administrator to all HUDA administrators in the state and estate officers clearly states that 20% of the seats should be reserved for students from the lower income group. It also states that one HUDA member should be on the management committee of each school. But neither of the rules are being implemented.\"I started pursuing this matter way back in 2010 when I noticed that those schools that have got land on concession basis were not following the norm of admitting students from the weaker section of society. There are 100 such schools in Gurgaon and most of them have been given land on lease at one rupee per year. It is really shocking to know that that these schools that got land at throw-away prices did not follow the policy for two decades and the administration just did not react to it,\" said Rajeev Yadav, who filed the RTI.\"The RTI reply clearly states that none of the schools surveyed by the deputy district education officer had any students from the EWS category. Most of them are affiliated to the CBSE board. On their part, the schools say that they have not given admission to students from this category because nobody applied to them. However, the fact remains that these schools in connivance with corrupt HUDA officials have simply not bothered to implement the norms,\" he said.A copy of the RTI reply is with TOI.According to Yadav, the present HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, has promised to look into the matter. \"I met the administrator about a month ago and he immediately constituted a committee to look into the matter. He also directed that the committee members should inspect these private schools and conduct videography to determine whether students from the EWS category are being provided education within the regular school hours or otherwise. The committee was supposed to submit a report in a month's time; but its members have failed to do so. The estate officers have not even carried out the required inspection.\"Despite repeated attempts, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar could not be contacted. However, a senior official in his department admitted that no action has been taken so far. \"We are aware that a majority of the schools who have got land at a concessional rate are not following the norms. However, there is lack of coordination between the two departments (HUDA and district education department) and therefore we have not been able to take any decisive action. We are looking into the matter and action will be taken soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12669501", "title": "Farmer digs up irrigation water scam in Dwarka", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What would a farmer do when he finds that despite all the promises by the state government he is getting no benefit? What would he do when he comes to know that on paper, many rainwater harvesting and check dams are in place but there are nothing at the sites? Vikram Chavda, a farmer in Dwarka, decided to take the issue by neck and get the answers by using Right to Information (RTI) and dug up a scam of Rs 8.5 crore in his Kalyanpura taluka in Dwarka.Chavda, 45, a resident of Nandana village in Kalyanpur taluka, was amongst many farmers who felt betrayed when they could not get the water as promised. When they approached the higher authorities, they got the answer that the grant for check dams and rainwater harvesting has already been sanctioned and as per their records, the work has already been done.\"It made me question the authorities and seek answers to my questions. I then filed a query with state land development authority. The replies I got stumped me. The records showed deployment of JCB machines for the work and payment to the contractors. For my village alone, the payment was Rs 12 lakh to various parties whereas no or little work was done on the ground. We passed on the information to the local authorities when action against the contractors and government authorities were initiated last year,\" says Chavda.However, he did not stop there. After his success in Nandana, many approached him from nearby villages with the same issue. \"I then filed second RTI for the entire Kalyanpur taluka as I knew that many of the contractors were working on multiple sites and it was quite possible that the work might not have been done elsewhere as well. When the replies came, I proved right as in total, Rs 8.5 crore were paid between 2009 and 2011 for the work that was not done. As a district battling for good irrigation water for farming, such a work could have done wonders,\" Chavda laments.Today, he is an avid RTI activist. \"In past year and a half, I have taken up numerous issues related to development of our village and taluka and will continue to do so in the future,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-15"}
