{"city": "london", "code": "15595182", "title": "Sex: No. 1 taboo topic for conversation at parties", "text": "LONDON: Next time you are at a party, drop sex from your list of discussions, as a new study has found that the three letter word is the number one taboo for conversation.According to a new survey on conversation habits in Britain, sex tops the list of taboo topics not to be broached at any dinner party. However, discussing religion or politics, which was once seen as the epitome of poor etiquette, can now be talked about with barely a frown from your friends, the 'Daily Mail' said.The survey of changing British values and habits found that almost a third of respondents claimed they would be uncomfortable discussing their sex lives or infidelities with even their closest friends. That knocks money down to a close third place, with over a quarter saying they would refuse to talk about their finances with those who are close to them.A similar proportion said they would not even be comfortable discussing the amount of money they earn.There are still many people who are not so inhibited when it comes to conversation, with almost two in five admitting they would discuss any and all topics including sex, finances and relationships. Friends have, however, replaced family as the people with whom we are most likely to confide in. While 39% said all these areas were discussed with friends, only 26% talk about them with relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "15595269", "title": "Karnal Apna Ghar sexual exploitation case: 19 days on, police clueless", "text": "KARNAL: Even 19 days of registering a case against Monika Das and Manav Das, caretaker and manager, respectively, of the Apna Ghar shelter home, which came under the scanner after three minor girls had accused the management of sexual and physical exploitation, the district police has so far failed to arrest Monika Das.Meanwhile, the Fight for Justice Club, a body floated by the local lawyers has demanded that the proceedings should be initiated against Monika Das to declare her a proclaimed offender for eluding arrests. President of the club Harish Arya said, it was beyond comprehension that when the Delhi police could zero in on state minister Gopal Kanda, why couldn't it arrest Monika Das.It was on August 2 that the police had registered a case against Monika Das, after the general medical examination of two out of 11 inmates of the Apna Ghar had confirmed physical abuse. Two days later the police had also booked Manav Das, the under matriculate, who acted both as the manager and computer teacher at the shelter home. He was immediately placed under arrest and was remanded in five-day police remand. After which the court had sent him in judicial custody.However, Monika Das, who was the prime accused in the case, has been eluding ever since the case was registered against her. SP Shashank Anand had been maintaining that their teams were working on the case round-the-clock to arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15594877", "title": "Divisional commissioner visits Pindra Tehsil", "text": "VARANASI: The divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari made a surprise visit to Pindra tehsil during Tehsil Diwas proceedings on Tuesday.He heard the problems of people and asked the officials for early redressal of problems.The commissioner instructed the officials for the disposal of problems within a week and said that the absence of officials during Tehsil Tiwas would not be tolerated.During the Tehsil Diwas 203 complaints were received out of which eight complaints were addressed on the spot. Out of 203 complaints 90 complaints were received at Pindra while 113 complaints were received at Sadar Tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15599137", "title": "India prepare to start life without Rahul Dravid, VVS Laxman", "text": "HYDERABAD: A reality check awaits the Indian cricket team as it gears up to begin life without the famed batting duo of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman when they take on a lowly New Zealand in the first Test of the two-match series on Thursday.Sachin Tendulkar is the only player left of the 'Fabulous Five' brigade after Sourav Ganguly, followed by Anil Kumble, Rahul Dravid, and most recently, VVS Laxman bid adieu to international cricket.Now the challenge for India is to overcome the transition phase in the upcoming home season, in which the team would play 10 Tests, 13 ODIs and three Twenty20 Internationals, apart from the ICC World T20 in Sri Lanka in September.It is no secret that the mighty Australians are still struggling after the fading away of their cricketing greats. Thus, India's young brigade would be keen to overcome this tough phase with the help of Tendulkar's experience before their real test starts in 2013 when they take on the current No. 1 Test side, South Africa.Moreover, the Indian team is returning to Test action after a gap of seven months, which was preceded by two disastrous Test series.After being drubbed 0-4 in England that stripped India off their No. 1 Test status, an identical rout followed in Australia.The aftermath of the debacle was even more disturbing as Dravid and Laxman, the two important pillars of Indian cricket, retired ahead of the start of the new season.Their absence would mean that India would be without the two prolific scorers, who had a total tally of 22,069 Test runs in 298 matches, almost after 16 years.While Dravid quit in March, Laxman, who geared up for the season with rigorous training at NCA and with two centuries in local matches, surprised everybody by announcing his retirement with immediate effect, withdrawing himself from the Test squad against New Zealand just days before the start of the first match at his home ground here.It highlighted communication loopholes in the team's think-tank, and Laxman's open admission that he could not reach his skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, only fuelled more speculation.Without the local hero, the interest in Thursday's match is at an all time low and it remains to be seen how Dhoni's men wriggle themselves out of this situation.Having slipped to No. 5 in less than a year's time in Test rankings, the youngsters would be keen bring the team back on track during the home stretch before next year's South Africa tour.With stunning performances over the last few years, Virat Kohli looks set to fill in the no. 3 void, but filling no. 5 and 6 slots still remains a challenge for the team, even as Suresh Raina, Cheteshwar Pujara and Subramaniam Badrinath are in contention.Pujara, who has been included in the squad after a knee surgery, looks to make the grade, while Raina after a fine performance in the limited overs series in Sri Lanka may get the captain's faith one more time to prove himself in the Test scheme of things.The opening slot looks all set with the left-right combination of Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag, but youngster Ajinkya Rahane, who is yet to play a Test, may have to wait for his turn.The absence of Dravid (a record 210 catches from 164 matches) and Laxman (135 from 134) would mean India would have to fill in the void in the slip position also. It was also evident during the net sessions of the team as special attention was given to slip catching practice.World No. 8 New Zealand, however, are excepted to give a perfect chance to India seniors to get over the England and Australia blues.While Tendulkar is excepted to play without pressure, having achieved his 100th international century mark, Sehwag, after failing in the seaming and bouncy overseas conditions, will look to plunder the weak Kiwi attack, which is without their star spinner Daniel Vettori.In the bowling department, Zaheer Khan will spearhead the pace attack, while Ishant Sharma, who took only five wickets in four matches in Australia, is back after an ankle surgery and his match fitness would be closely monitored.Meanwhile, Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium strip promises to offer something for the spinners, especially after it was criticised when it last hosted the same opponents in November 2010 that saw a drab draw with Harbhajan Singh slamming an unbeaten century.The Test also saw Brendon McCullum notch a career best 225 in the second innings, while opener Tim McIntosh was the other centurion.But this time around, the curator assured that the ball would turn from second day onwards. And that should inspire the Indian spin trio of Ravichandran Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Piyush Chawla.With Harbhajan sidelined, Ashwin would look to cement his place in the Test side after making a splendid debut against the touring West Indies last season.Often in and out of the side, Ojha would also look to fox the Kiwis with his left-arm orthodox.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593065", "title": "State to aid talukas with less than 75% rainfall, sowing", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as elected representatives scurry to claim a share of drought assistance being offered by the state, the Maharashtra government on Tuesday created new norms to accommodate more talukas under the Drought-Prone Area Programme (DPAP). The new norms mean talukas with less 75% of normal rainfall or sowing will be now be eligible for financial and other assistance under the DPAP.A decision was also taken to release Rs 270 crore as aid, under low wage employment schemes, to nearly 117 talukas which have received less than 75% of normal rainfall and below average sowing. Already, with several areas in the state reeling under an unprecedented drought, there is a flood of applications from MLAs requesting the government to undertake smaller water supply and irrigation schemes in their constituencies.Earlier, the state government did not have separate norms to identify DPAP talukas but was releasing aid to those talukas with below 50% rainfall or sowing. Apart from assistance under the low wage employment schemes, the DPAP talukas are provided with the possibility of development of local water resources, intra-basin transfer of surplus water, and help in completion of irrigation projects. The decision to put in place new DPAP norms was taken by a committee of ministers, including relief and rehabilitation, EGS, and tribal affairs departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593374", "title": "Divorce plea dismissed, 13 years on", "text": "MUMBAI: A judge in the Bandra family court on Tuesday dismissed a city surgeon's petition for divorce filed on grounds of cruelty against his wife from whom he had been separated since 1998. The plea was filed in 1999.The divorce battle between the couple was as turbulent as their shortlived marriage. The two had got married in 1994.The couple fought over the custody of their son as well. On Tuesday, it went to the father with whom the teenager had been living for the past two years.The woman in question is a businessman's daughter and a resident of Pedder Road. The husband, on the other hand, is a well-known doctor. The battle dragged on with several interim applications and miscellaneous disputes being dealt with first.The surgeon had accused his wife of mental cruelty, being rude to his staff, not caring much and other similar charges. The woman refuted the charges but never filed for restitution of her rights to ensure marital intimacy. She wanted the husband's petition to be dismissed on the basis that his grounds of alleged cruelty were not tenable.She also alleged that she was tortured by him, which he denied.In the intervening years, the surgeon gave back his wife's jewellery, said his lawyer. Talks of settlement were also initiated by the two, who are now in their 40s, but ended with negative results due to the \"exorbitant\" demand of about Rs 10 crore by the woman, the husband contended.Now, with the dismissal of his divorce plea, the only silver lining as he sees is the custody of his son. There is no marriage that remains, he had argued.The Supreme Court, too, in some judgments had held that if a marriage was dead, there was no point flogging it to keep it legally alive.When the husband's lawyer argued this point, the court, whose reasoned judgment will follow later, expressed how \"irretrievable breakdown\" was not grounds for divorce yet. The husband is likely to move the Bombay high court soon\u2014within the 30-day appeal period.Talks of settlement were also initiated by the two, who are now in their 40s, but ended with negative results due to the \"exorbitant\" demand of about Rs 10 crore by the woman, the husband claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15593464", "title": "Burj Khalifa consultant firm gets Statue of Unity contract", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: An international consortium, led by Turner Project Management - the project management consultants of Burj Khalifa - on Tuesday signed an agreement with the Gujarat government for \"engineering, design and contract management\" to construct the 182-metre-high Statue of Unity of Sardar Patel.Dubai's Burj Khalifa happens to be the world's tallest building, while the Sardar statue, in the midst of Narmada river, is proposed as the tallest statue of the world. Other partners in the consortium, apart from US-based Turner, include Michael Graves and Associates, also from the US, and Mindheart from Germany.The Statue of Unity will cost Rs 2,500 crore, the agreement says, and it will be built under the supervision of the consortium, which will charge Rs 56 crore for the job. During the first year and three months, the consortium will prepare master plan of the project and finalize contract bid documents. In the next 40 months, it will supervise the construction activity, and in the last two months, it will hand over the statue. In all, it will take 56 months to complete the Statue of Unity.The formal agreement, signed in the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) in Sachivalaya, says, the consortium will carry out technical and financial feasibility of building the statue, including its pre-investment planning, detail a financial and revenue model, prepare a tourism plan for the area surrounding the statue, and manage the bid process for choosing the contractor to build the statue.Apart from the statue, the agreement says, the consortium will have to conceptualize \"the bridge that will connect the statue in the Narmada river, off the Narmada dam on Sadhu bet, the approximately 3.5 km road connecting the project to the town of Kevadia, the memorial and the visitor centre buildings, the memorial garden, the hotel and convention centre, and miscellaneous support structures.\"For all this, the agreement says, the consortium will have to supervise on a continuous basis in order to ensure that the work is of the highest order, carry out in-situ and ex-situ inspection, and assist dispute resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594008", "title": "HuJi, Popular Front of India under lens for hate messages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators are looking at possible involvement of members of south India-based Popular Front of India (PFI) and terrorist group HuJI in spreading communally charged SMSs and internet postings, even as agencies keep a cautious eye on activities of fundamentalist groups in troubled Assam.According to officials, they are scanning through internet postings and SMSs that together contributed to fear psychosis, which led to thousands of northeast Indians fleeing from Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra in recent days.Investigators suspect that the specific threat of retribution for atrocities on Rohingya Muslims of Myanmar may well be the coordinated effort of an extremist group, in all possibility that of HuJI (Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islam), which has a strong presence in Bangladesh.Equally worrying, investigators suspect that some of those rounded up in Maharashtra and Karnataka for circulating venomous SMSs may be members or at least sympathizers of PFI, a confederation of Muslim groups. PFI shot to notoriety in 2010 when two of its activists chopped off the hand of a college lecturer in Kerala for hurting religious sentiments of his students.Sources said they were also looking at several internet postings and SMSs that were circulated especially in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh possibly by members of some Hindu fundamentalist groups. A source said there was a particular alert from Karnataka that spoke about plans by some Pakistani women settled in the area to target trains passing via Mysore. The alert was finally traced to a Bajrang Dal member, he said.Sources in the intelligence agencies said they were fishing out postings and videos that distorted reality, and were aimed at stoking communal sentiments. \"As we discover new ones, we are taking steps to block them. It is an ongoing process,\" an official said.Meanwhile, sources said given the volatile situation in Assam, security agencies were keeping an eye on the activities of HuJI and some other terror groups having bases in Bangladesh who they believe will try to increase their influence in the state. Agencies fear HuJI in particular may tap into the sense of victimhood prevailing in refugee camps and try to recruit people for terror activities.According to sources, the Bangladesh faction of HuJI aka HuJI (B) has been trying to spread influence in the northeast, in particular Assam, but has managed to have a presence only in districts such as Dhubri which borders Bangladesh. With the recent riots displacing lakhs of people, most of them immigrant Muslims, to refugee camps, sources said HuJI will most certainly look at it as an opportunity to increase its strength.\"Post-riot camps are fertile grounds for recruitment by terror groups. Victims are scared, angry, dissatisfied and have their faith in the state shaking. Just the right emotions that terror groups need to radicalize anyone. Having a good network in northeast will be an advantage for HuJI not just for overt terror activities but for movement of funds and other logistics,\" said an official from the security establishment.Importantly, riots have often led to radicalization of sections of victim community in the country. Babri Masjid demolition and 2002 and Gujarat riots are still regarded as the biggest cause of radicalization of Muslim youth in India with several joining militant organizations. Terror outfits still show footages of the demolition and Gujarat riots to motivate vulnerable youth during indoctrination.Sources, however, said it was unlikely that HuJI would use the human resource infrastructure it would gather out of the present crisis in Assam to spread terror in the northeast. \"HuJI has little interest in the region in terms of spreading terror. It could use the recruits for attacks in the rest of the country,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592796", "title": "Engineers cry foul over pothole fine", "text": "MUMBAI: After the BMC decided to fine its junior engineers, along with the road work contractors, for not filling up potholes in time on roads under defect liability period (DLP), the civic body's engineer's association has said it would be unfair to penalize them.Sainath Rajyadaksha, secretary of Brihanmumbai Municipal Engineers' Association, said, \"Why should the junior engineers bear the brunt of faulty software and errant contractors? Engineers face a lot of practical problems with the pothole tracking software that leads to delays. If the contractors do not work in time, it is not are our fault.\"An additional municipal commissioner said, \"The association has sent us a letter detailing the problems they face and have requested to not fine the engineers. We will consider the request, but will ensure that no erring party goes scot-free.\"The BMC earlier this month had taken a decision to fine junior road engineers of the concerned ward, besides cancelling the contracts of those who fail to repair roads that are under DLP despite five warnings. Contractors are fined Rs 1,000 per pothole per day. In case of DLP roads, contractors will now be penalized twice the amount.The decision to fine engineers was taken to put pressure on the BMC staff and get them to fill potholes within the 48-hour deadline. However, engineers blame the software for delays, an official said, \"The administration needs to understand that at times we are unable to upload the pictures of potholes due to network problems. Then, at times the software gets jammed,\" Rajyadaksha said.According to the BMC rules, contractors are bound to repair roads which are under DLP. Civic chief Sitaram Kunte had told TOI, \"We are planning to take coercive action against errant DLP contractors. First, we will penalize the contractors twice the regular amount and in case they fail to act, then stringent action will be taken, including suspension.\"New roads that have to be maintained by contractors who built them are DLP roads. The DLP for asphalt roads is three years and for cement-concrete roads is five years . The BMC has 1,243 DLP roads. Of these, 335 are in the island city, 570 in the western suburbs and 338 in the eastern suburbs.The BMC had decided to fine its engineers in order to get them to fill potholes within the 48-hour deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597708", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar to sing poems", "text": "Lata Mangeshkar is set to record poems of Hindi poets,including those of Harivansh Rai Bachchan.She said,I feel we've celebrated Urdu poetry extensively through songs in films.I've sung exquisite Urdu lines by Raja Mehdi Ali Khan,Majrooh Sultanpuri,Gulzar,Javed Akhtar and more.But I feel there's a lacuna when it comes to Hindi poets. I want to sing Hindi lines by poets who composed great verse but in a common mans language. Maithilisharan Gupta and Harivanshrai Bachchan are on my list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593093", "title": "Sangma moves SC against Pranab Mukherjee\u2019s election as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defeated NDA candidate Purno Sangma on Tuesday challenged Pranab Mukherjee's election as President, claiming that the former finance minister was not eligible to contest as his resignation as chairman of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, was not valid.Sangma said since Mukherjee's resignation was not through a \"genuine\" letter, it would be deemed that he held an office of profit disqualifying him to contest the election. He challenged the returning officer's decision to reject objections on this ground against acceptance of Mukherjee's nomination papers.Sangma said when initial objections were raised about office of profit disqualification against Mukherjee before the returning officer on July 2, the first \"oral reaction\" of Mukherjee's representatives - Union ministers P Chidambaram and P K Bansal - was that the chairman of Indian Statistical Institute was not an office of profit. \"Resignation for the post by Mukherjee, which purportedly took place on June 20, was not pleaded by them,\" he said.When they sought two days time to respond to the objection, Sangma's representatives Bhartruhari Mahtab and Satya Pal Jain expressed apprehension that \"as Mukherjee and his supporters are in power, they may try to show the resignation from the said office and acceptance thereof on a back date\", the petition stated.After the RO adjourned the proceedings, \"It seems that Mukherjee and his supporters, with his consent, managed to prepare a forged antedated resignation letter, showing Mukherjee to have resigned from the office of the chairman of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata on June 20 and acceptance of the same by M G K Menon, president of the institute, on the same date,\" Sangma alleged.When scrutiny of the nomination papers was taken up, Sangma's representatives pointed out that Mukherjee's signatures on his reply to the objections did not match with that on the purported resignation letter. Sangma's representative sought an inquiry into the alleged forged resignation letter and in what circumstances and when Menon accepted it.\"The returning officer, while accepting Mukherjee's nomination papers, neither dealt with nor decided many of the objections raised on behalf of Sangma. He did not decide the issue regarding the genuineness of the signatures on the purported resignation letter, the genuineness of the resignation letter itself, validity of the resignation letter and its alleged acceptance and whether Menon was competent to accept the resignation,\" the petition said.Sangma has requested the Supreme Court to go into the substantial allegations and if it does, then this could have serious implications. Another petition by advocate Charan Lal Sahu, whose nomination papers for the presidential elections were rejected, is also pending in the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15598613", "title": "India PC sales up 15.7% in Apr-Jun 2012: IDC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Computer shipments in the country increased by 15.7 percent to 2.86 million units for the quarter ended June 2012 against the same period last year, research firm IDC said. The India PC market shipments for Q2 2012 (April-June) stood at 2.86 million units, a sequential gain of 8.6 percent over the previous quarter, while the year-on-year growth was at 15.7 percent, IDC said in a statement.\"Despite the environment around costs being volatile and unpredictable, consumers continued to be demanding, which has largely enabled the PC growth in Q2 2012,\" IDC Senior Analyst Kiran Kumar said.Further, fulfillments for the ELCOT project in Tamil Nadu for a second successive quarter ensued growth in commercial PC market as well, Kumar added.The state-run Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Elcot) had issued a tender seeking rate contract for over nine lakh laptops to be supplied and Lenovo had bagged a major portion of the deal along with other companies like Acer and HCL.In terms of vendor share, Lenovo sustained its lead with a 17.1 percent market share in Q2 2012, while HP tipped Dell to take the second place with a 13.7 percent market share. \"HP's success is largely owing to their linearity measures to lift the performance of their channel partners, which resulted in a constructive growth for the vendor.Further, introduction of new series of budget laptops coupled with a good balance of product mix continued to boost their growth in Q2,\" Kumar said.Despite a high brand awareness in the country, Dell slipped to the third spot with a market share of 13.4 percent in the reported quarter as it stuck to its strategy of playing in the mid to high-end price bands.For the July-September quarter, PC sales are expected to remain strong.As observed in the past few years, IDC expects Q3 2012 to remain buoyant, as seasonality owing to festive season and education buying continues to drive Q3 as the strongest period of PC sales in the India PC market, IDC Associate Research Director Adwaita Govind Menon said.\"However, as we move ahead, barring fulfilments for the largest deal noted so far ie ELCOT (which looks to extend into CY 2013), IDC observes commercial PC spending to be adversely impacted by the prolonged crisis in the Euro zone and other global markets,\" Menon said.Rupee depreciation has further diluted the decision making process amongst enterprises and small and medium businesses, which is stalling the growth as noted in the recent past, Menon added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594378", "title": "Pune serial blasts a terror act: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has for the first time officially called the August 1 Pune serial blasts a terror act. The Centre had maintained so far that all angles were being probed and that the blasts, which injured one person, could be an act of terrorists.Earlier it had also been suggested, in particular by Pune CP Gulabrao Pol, that the blasts were an act of mischief.The categorization of the blasts as a terror act by the government was made in reply to a question in Lok Sabha on Tuesday.Investigations into the blasts, being carried out by Maharashtra ATS, have not yet reached any conclusion nor has police made any arrests. However, sources say that circumstances point towards the involvement of banned Indian Mujahideen (IM).According to sources in the National Investigation Agency (NIA), which is conducting a parallel probe into the blasts, the modus operandi and make of the bombs is identical to that carried out by the radical outfit in the past.The bombs used in the Pune serial blasts were packed with explosives and splinters with a clock timer in a boat-shaped case, much the same way as bombs in Surat, which failed to explode in 2008, were assembled.IM has also used bicycles for several blasts, including the ones in Gorakhpur and Jaipur. However, bicycles have also been used by Hindu fundamentalists in 2006 Malegaon blasts and so investigating agencies are exploring all angles.Sources in Maharashtra ATS, however, say they suspect absconding IM operative Dr Shahnawaz to be behind the attacks. Certain reports had also mentioned that one of the persons buying bicycles for the blast resembled IM's India operations head Ahmed Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal. These claims, however, are yet to be substantiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593206", "title": "Manipuri students attacked after row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people have been arrested for allegedly assaulting two students from Manipur following an altercation in south Delhi. However, police have clarified that the attack had no connection with the recent threats to people from the Northeast states and was caused by personal enmity.The accused have been identified as Sudesh, Shakeel Khan and Sushil who had attacked Yurngam and Wungshungmi at their rented house in Kotla Mubarakpur. The duo filed a complaint alleging that Shakeel, caretaker of their rented accommodation, and two others attacked them on the intervening night of August 18 and 19. There was an exchange of argument between some local tenants and the students on a trivial issue when they went to the roof top after a power cut on that night.\"Somebody informed the landlord staying in Vasant Kunj. He directed Shakeel to sort out the issue,\" a police official said. But Shakeel beat up the duo along with his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15595092", "title": "Infrastructure that risks lives", "text": "LUDHIANA: Industrialists of Ludhiana, a city known for the maximum per capita income in the state, boasts of world-class infrastructure and unmatched standards of lifestyle. But its residents are distressed over the poor power supply. The ailing hardware used to supply power is adding to their miseries.Although wiring, poles and transformers are repaired periodically, it seems more like a gesture. The repaired hardware does not last long and remains in good shape only for a few months.\"We have petty repair work being carried out and then the hardware degenerating within a few months. We are used to it and know that even though administration is spending money, nothing will come out of it. Until a regulated and planned system isin place nothing can improve,\" said Sukhwinder Deol, who is running a hosiery factory at Industrial Area.High-tension wires hanging from poles, the dangerous transformers and fluctuating supply all add to the already bad crisis.\"The transformer in our locality is old. It trips every now and then as the load increases. Besides, transmission wires and poles are also very old and have already outlived their utility,\" said Karun Gupta, who is into sewing machine manufacturing in Focal Point (Phase-I).He added, \"In Ludhiana, which is a city of industries, a decent power supply is essential as we have to keep up with the manufacturing deadlines and demand. But little seems to be taken care of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15599075", "title": "Infosys: Second harassment suit is also baseless", "text": "BANGALORE: Fresh from Infosys Technologies' victory in a harassment lawsuit filed by a US employee, the company's MD S D Shibulal said that a second harassment case filed by a former employee in the US was equally baseless.The former employee, Satya Dev Tripuraneni , too had alleged that he was harassed for raising issues related to misuse of visas. He said he had to quit his job for that reason. Speaking to the media over a conference call, Shibulal said, \"We conducted an internal investigation and the claims are unfounded. Our lawyers are currently preparing for the defence.''Tripuraneni's lawsuit was filed in a federal court in California on August 2.On Monday, an Alabama judge dismissed a lawsuit filed by Jack Palmer, an Infosys employee, because he found no basis to support any of the charges filed by Palmer. Palmer had alleged harassment for raising visa misuse issues.Shibulal said the company has a well-defined whistleblower policy. \"Whenever charges are made, we investigate to verify them, but will not retaliate against employees,\" he said. Asked if Palmer would continue to be employed in the company, Shibulal said the judgment came through only on Monday and \"we will look at all the things holistically and then take a call.\"Palmer's lawyer Kenneth J Mendelsohn had alleged that he was on the bench for 16 months and shut out of the Infosys system . Shibulal countered that saying, \"The bench utlitization rate is currently at 70%. We will deploy people as and when new projects come up.\"On the federal investigation into the issue of visa misuse, Shibulal said the company had no further updates to share at this point. Palmer's allegations, combined with other similar charges, had persuaded the US government last year to launch a federal investigation into visa misuse.This led to a grand jury subpoena that compels Infosys to provide information on its sponsorship of B1 visas. Infosys had last year said that it had received the subpoena and affirmed that it would cooperate with the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594355", "title": "Study twist to debate on ban on tourism in core of tiger reserves", "text": "NEW DELHI: Data from a published research shows that less than 0.001% people living in vicinity of tiger reserves are employed in resort and tourism business, and even those who are engaged have low-paying jobs like gardening and housekeeping.The study has been quoted by one of the petitioners in the ongoing case \u2014 on imposing a ban on tourism in the core of tiger reserves \u2014 in the Supreme Court.The findings are the results of a study published by Krithi K Karanth of the Centre for Wildlife Studies, India, and Ruth DeFries of Columbia University, USA.The study of nature-based tourism in India was carried out on resorts and homestays within 25km of 10 selected national parks and sanctuaries. It has found that tourist facilities provided little direct incomes to people living around the parks and is 'rarely directed towards improving conservation efforts or supporting local people.'It noted that the facilities relied on local resources, particularly fuel wood and water. Some even ran swimming pools and water fountains \u2014 especially in Ranthmbore, Kanha and Pench tiger reserves \u2014 even though they are located in areas that are perennially plagued by acute water shortage.\"Tourism is changing land use around many of these protected areas,\" said the study, while warning that land prices around some of these wildlife patches have risen sharply, commercial facilities are purchasing land from locals, who are moving away from the reserves and some tourism operations are located in ecologically sensitive areas and wildlife corridors.The tourism lobby has pleaded that their businesses provide ancillary employment to many, but others have contended that power is vested in the hands of those with deep pockets and good connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592682", "title": "Farmers facing the brunt of inflation: Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma welcomed high inflation saying it was good for farmers as they were getting more for their produce, Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti has strongly contested the claim. \"Verma is trying to mislead the country by creating an impression that benefits of high prices of all commodities were going to farmers. The reality is that farmers are hardly getting price for their crops based on input costs. In fact, farmers are getting crushed by higher costs of all inputs and shrinking incomes,\" said Kishore Tiwari of VJAS.\"Agriculture prices are market driven and there is no government intervention. Vidarbha cotton farmers are worst sufferers as they are not cultivating food crops and buying food from market. So inflation is main cause of distress and despair resulting in farmers' suicides,\" said Tiwari. \"We have been demanding food security under pubic distribution system to dryland farmers since 2006. It is grossly unfair of Verma to even suggest that farmers are benefiting from inflation and rolling in profits,\" said Tiwari.\"In reality, farmers are victims of inflation. Costs of inputs like fertilizers, pesticides, seeds, labour, electricity, transport, have multiplied manifold in the last two years forcing farmer to spend more on production. However, the produce is sold at less price that does not even meet the expenses. Be it pulses, wheat or rice, farmer is forced to sell crop at a loss. The cycle continues as he takes fresh loans for next crop, incurs fresh losses, is unable to clear mounting debt burden and is then forced to commit suicide,\" said Tiwari.\"Perhaps the minister is not aware that last year Vidarbha farmers sold pulses and paddy at far less rates than the MSP. In retail market, food prices are four times what the farmers get for their crop. Market forces (read traders) and MNCs are controlling the prices through commodity exchanges, future trading. The farmers are not making money, they are getting killed,\" said Tiwari.\"The statement of Verma, which was later supported by Salman Khurshid , speaks of the mindset of the Congress ministers and anti-farmer government. Inflation, price rise affects farmers the most. Such insensitive remarks can aggravate the agrarian crisis in the country,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592670", "title": "200-bed ESIS hospital cannot help the insured", "text": "NAGPUR: After suffering an injury on the job, mill worker Keshav Prasad's lower legs were in a bad shape. His co-workers took him to Employees State Insurance Scheme (ESIS) Hospital. The doctors there referred him to Government Medical College and Hospital, where he had to spend over Rs35,000 on medicines and implants. Luckily for him, his employers reimbursed the money, even though they had already contributed to the ESIS scheme and the treatment should have been available to their employee for free at the ESIS hospital.In another case, Sharad Tirpude brought his ailing aunt Amrapali Patil, a resident of Koradi, to ESIS hospital for her heart trouble. She was also referred to GMCH, where she languished for two days. The family wanted Patil to be shifted to a better place, and so asked to be referred to Wockhardt Hospital, which has a tie-up with ESIS.There, it was discovered that Patil had some other problems too. Since Wockhardt has a tie up with ESIS for treating brain and heart related illnesses only, the family was asked to pay for the other treatment. So, they asked to be referred to a private nursing home at Dhantoli. Due to the emergency, they shifted the patient in the middle of the night without getting a formal letter. Unfortunately, Patil passed away. Two days later, after several requests, Tirpude was finally given a referral letter for the transfer, confirming that the patient had been 'shifted' to the other hospital.These are no isolated cases. Patients coming to the four-decade-old ESIS hospital are routinely referred to other centres, which have tied up with the scheme to provide tertiary care. Most positions at ESIS hospital are vacant due to many transfers, resignations and retirements. In fact, departments of general medicine, ENT, dermatology and dentistry do not have any doctors on their rolls.\"Even if someone were to come to the hospital with complaints like cough, cold or fever, they would have to be referred to other hospitals, as there is no physician here. There has been no emergency surgeries since the last six months. There is no gynaecologist available after 1pm, so no deliveries are done here,\" said one of the employees of the hospital.The dispensaries of the ESIS scheme too are in equally bad shape, short of medicines, equipment and staff, he added.Another employee said that one of the necessary and regularly sought service, tetanus injections, too are never available in the hospital. \"The company that used to supply the injections has not been paid for the last two years, so they have stopped supply,\" he said.A major problem is that the only authority who can sign on the referral forms is not available in the hospital after 12 noon. \"This means that even though the hospital has tied up with some of the best hospitals of the city, patients sometimes cannot avail of those services too. All this has made members of the ESIS an angry lot. They have to pay double for the treatment they are eligible to get free of cost,\" he said.Medical superintendent of the hospital Dr PM Rathi said many of the posts are vacant since those appointed on these positions are on leave or have not joined the hospital. \"It is not true that we refer every case to other hospitals. This is done only as and when the requirement arises, since we do not have an ICU. Also, we have empanelled some hospitals for secondary care, and the referrals are to make use of services at those institutions,\" he said.TOI had reported on the problems at this hospital in July 2011 also. Sadly, the problems highlighted in that report continue to dog this institution even a year after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592322", "title": "Motorists on world tour halt in Ajmer", "text": "JAIPUR: Two twenty-something youths, with a view to promote world peace, are on a motorbike journey from Iddia i to London, which began on August 12 from Mumbai on the International Youth day. The two brave hearts are Nitesh Square, a freelance photo journalist and peacemaker, and Parth Vasavada, a social entrepreneur and an avid cyclist, both hail from Ahmedabad. Their mission is to zip through eight countries and 50 cities in a span of 64 days.The made their first stop in Ajmer on Tuesday, to seek the blessings of the sufi saint. The dargah management gave them a flag to offer in the shrine of Maulana Rumi in Koyna, Turkey.They call it the De Paix Yatra project or 'The Peace Yatra' and aim to connect with over 600 people, promote peace and find out stories of change from different parts of the world. They will honour the revolutionists and peacemakers at different destinations along the way and spread the message of oneness, love, justice, global peace and youth empowerment. And will also disseminate the teachings of Swami Vivekanand and Mahatma Gandhi.\"Ajmer was always on our itinerary. Khwaja Gharib Nawaz has spread peace and harmony in the entire region and introduced people to a new way of life,\" said Square.The duo will traverse 13,000kms through India, Pakistan, Iran, Turkey, Greece, Italy, France and England. Throughout the journey they will organize peace talks, kindness shows, free hugs campaigns, music shows and exhibitions and support various social campaigns. \"Getting permission to ride in these countries was a next to impossible task had ministry of youth affairs not helped with the visas,\" said Parth.The two boys are very excited about their first trip to Pakistan. Here they will be welcomed by the band Junoon's Ali Azmat in Lahore. Here they will be joined by a Lahore-based biker group that will accompany them till the Iran border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595326", "title": "Horror plunge in thrill rush", "text": "KOLKATA: When 17-year-old Sheikh Salim and his three friends walked into Nicco Park on Tuesday afternoon, they had nothing other than fun on their minds. Little did they know that they would get more than their share of thrills \u2014 and spills.\"We just wanted to have a good time,\" the teenager told TOI, grimacing with pain. \"We had no idea it would end in such a terrifying manner.\"After a tour of the park, the youngsters decided to take a ride. It was drizzling and they feared the weather could get worse, so they headed straight for the water-slide, which is one of the most popular rides at Nicco Park.Unfortunately, many others had the same idea. Soon, there was a crowd on the slide. As they were merrily sliding down, the track collapsed under the weight of around 20 people who had ignored the guards' warnings and forced through the gates.Salim and his friends were thrown to the ground from a height of about 20 feet. While three of them escaped with minor injuries, 18-year-old Sikandar Ahmed fractured a leg.You could see the panic in Salim's face three hours after the accident. With bruises all over his body and a swollen right leg, Salim was rushed to the Apollo Hospital and with his friends. He said he had warned his friends against taking the ride at the last moment. But they didn't pay heed.\"There were more than 50 people waiting to take the ride. They were impatient and no one was willing to wait. Soon, they started boarding the sliding boards and slithered down the ride. My friends Sheikh Suraj, Sikandar and Naseer Ahmed followed them. The slide seemed to be shaking and rattling because there were more than 20 of us on it. I asked Sikandar and Naseer to wait. But they were excited and wanted to get on it immediately. Before I could stop them, they jumped and I followed,\" recalled Salim.The friends slid for about 40 feet without any trouble. Suddenly, they heard a commotion at the front. \"We thought that the people were just screaming out loud in excitement. But then the slide started shaking vigorously. I looked down in horror. We were still a good 25 feet away from the finish and around 20 feet above the ground. I looked at Suraj. He was pointing at something. Then we heard a loud crack and the slid broke. There was a gaping hole about four feet long and we were all heading straight for it. Before we could react, we were plunging to the ground. Luckily, it was muddy after the rain,\" said Salim.He stiffened his muscles and spread out his limbs in a desperate bid to land safely. Fortunately, Salim landed on the soggy ground rather than the concrete pathways. It took him a few minutes to regain composure.\"My limbs were aching terribly but I realized I hadn't suffered a fracture. There were around 20 people lying on the ground. Some couldn't move, some were groaning in pain. I could see Sikandar writhing. Then I saw Suraj and Naseer pulling themselves out of the mud. We had survived miraculously,\" said Salim.They allege that the Nicco Park authorities didn't offer any help. It took them more than half-an-hour to move them to a nursing home. \"We were not given any first aid. They seemed to have washed their hands of the accident,\" said Md Shahid, Salim's father.The park authorities have denied any negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591593", "title": "Cops tag lawyer as rowdy", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulikeshinagar police declared a practising lawyer as a rowdy after they found he was involved in five criminal cases.Police said A Sudhakar, a resident of Lazar Lyout, was involved in three cases in Pulikeshinagar and one each in Commercial Street and Ashoknagar police stations.\"We have written to the Bar Council to suspend his license to practise as a lawyer and we're yet to receive a reply. In Pulikeshinagar, he was allegedly involved in an assaulting a woman and robbing her last year. A case was taken up and later we found he was involved in four other cases. Following this, we opened a rowdysheet against him in Pulikeshinagar police station,\" said a police officer.Killed in mishap: An 18-year-old painter Chethan was killed after he was knocked down from his motorcycle by a water tanker tractor and its rear wheels ran over him on Monday evening.Chethan, a resident of Nagavara, was on his way to his grandmother's house in Ramamurthynagar when the accident occurred on the Ramamurthynagar-Kalkere main road. Chethan was rushed to Koshy's Hospital nearby where he died while undergoing treatment around 9pm, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593187", "title": "Round-the-clock call centre is now open for all", "text": "PUNE: The state government's 24X7 health advice call centre (toll free number 104), meant primarily for frontline health staff in rural areas, is now open for all.\"Some three months back, we started providing free medical advice directly to people. Our call centre offers help round-the-clock on treatment for common ailments,\" said Niraja Banker, manager (operations), who looks after the functioning of the call centre. Of the 1.22 lakh calls the centre has received in the last seven months, 50% were directly from people.\"Callers primarily seek advice on common health issues like headache , fever, stomach and body ache. Besides, we get calls seeking advice or beauty tips to get rid of pimples and body scars,\" Banker said.Telephonic or online care, however, has its limitations. Some patients cannot do without the physical presence of a doctor. \"In such cases, our HAOs tell them to see a doctor,\" Banker said.More importantly, the call centre's health advice officers (HAO) are not allowed to prescribe drugs; they can advise, or at best, suggest over-the-counter drugs.Twenty-three-year old Preeti Mane, an HAO with the call centre, is a pharmacist by profession. She said that most calls are about common health issues. And for that, the HAOs are given a set of common symptoms seen in adults, children, elderly and pregnant women and commonly given medications to treat them. \"We call them algorithms. We are not allowed to suggest anything beyond the algorithms. If a caller requires more than regular medical advice, then the call is transferred to specialist doctors,\" Mane said.The call centre aims to reduce the burden on the public health system. \"Medically validated algorithms and disease summaries provide paramedics and doctors with the support to drive this high level of standardised care forward,\" Banker said.Senior family physician Hillary Rodrigues, former president Indian Medical Association (IMA) said, \"The person seeking advice needs to explain his medical history, allergies etc to get the correct advice. In common cold and fever, a patient may have contraindications from a drug if he is suffering from associated illnesses. The dose of a common drug could be different for different people depending upon his body weight, age and presence of underlying disease, if any.\"How does it work?A caller dials 104. The call is picked up by a health advice officer. The HAO stores the caller's demographic information and chief complaint to create a unique patient ID in its software. If the patient is calling for medical advice, the HAO uses a series of medically validated algorithms ('yes' or 'no' questions) and disease summaries to provide recommendations for treatment to the caller. The algorithms and disease summaries ensure that similar conditions receive similar treatment. If the HAO cannot respond appropriately to the call using algorithms and disease summaries, she will transfer the call to a specialist doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597683", "title": "Pakhi to debut in Marathi film Batmi", "text": "Established actress of Bhojpuri cinema, Pakhi Hegde will now woo the audience of Marathi film industry as she will soon be seen in one. Pakhi will be seen playing lead role in Marathi director Raju Parsekar's 'Batmi'.Alongwith Pakhi Mahesh Manjrekar , Bharat Jadhav, Shayaji Shinde will be seen acting. Pakhi will be seen playing the role of a woman who is been abused. Under the banner of Sai Sagar Film Pvt Ltd, Shankar Mitkari, Pritam Gupta and Ram Gugle are producing this film.Pakhi is very excited for acting debut in Marathi film industry.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594140", "title": "Credai pins hopes on sops at convention", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore branch of Confederation of Real Estate Developer's Associations of India, Karnataka (Credai ) that is hosting Statecon 2012 here this weekend will press for the implementation of take aways from four technical sessions with the authorities concerned. As CM Jagadish Shettar is scheduled to inaugurate the event and Kamal Nath , Union minister for urban development minister to be the chief guest at the valedictory, expectations of Credai are high.PMA Razak, president, CREDAI, Mangalore told reporters here on Tuesday that the second Karnataka State CREDAI convention - Statecon 2012 with the overall theme 'Home for All' seeks to address the serious question of making Karnataka a housing surplus state by 2020. More than 1,500 delegates from across the state will attend the one-day event. There will be 45 stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594050", "title": "Margao councillors in Aurangabad to attend workshop", "text": "MARGAO: Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chief Arthur D'Silva has led a team of councillors to Aurangabad to attend a three-day workshop from August 22 to 24.The workshop is a part of an initiative of the government aimed at enabling local self government bodies to contribute to the planning and development process, sources said.While nine councillors from the 20-member civic body reached Aurangabad on Tuesday, two or three more members will join the team on Wednesday, said sources.Speaking to TOI from Aurangabad, D'Silva said that the training provided at the workshop would immensely benefit the councilors. \"I had attended a similar training programme held last year in Jaipur, and the sessions were really informative. The sharing of views by councillors from different parts of the country helps participants in broadening their perspective over various developmental aspects,\" D'Silva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15593483", "title": "Danger to mangrove cover along Gulf of Khambhat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a systematic blow to high accolades Gujarat received from the Centre over the \"net increase in the mangrove cover\", reports from Jambusar in Bharuch in south Gujarat suggest that things may now be moving in the opposite direction. The reports point to the coastal areas in Gulf of Khambhat where the Gujarat Ecology Commission (GEC) and NGOs jointly developed dense mangroves plantations.The government has received a complaint from a civil society activist, who happens to be a member of the state-sponsored Gujarat Coastal Zone Management Authority, that heavy mangroves plantation is in the danger of being wiped out. The plantation was carried out under a programme funded by the Indo-Canadian Environment Facility ( ICEF) in 1999-2001 in about 25 sq km area. The complaint comes at a time when recently released annual report of the Union ministry of forests and environment said the mangroves cover in Gujarat has increased from 1,046 sq km in 2009 to 1,058 sq km in 2011.Principal secretary, environment and forests, H K Dash, who received the complaint from Rajesh Shah, told TOI that he is \"looking into the matter\" and has called for all details, \"including if a particular salt producing company was allowed to build a protective wall next to the sea coast and remove mangroves\".He has asked GEC and the district collector of Bharuch to find out the truth and take necessary action under the environment protection act. GEC member-secretary A K Verma added, \"We are trying to find out. But you cannot give lease to a company to produce salt in the area without coastal zone regulation clearance, which is a Government of India prerogative.\"When contacted, Shah said that in his letter to Dash, he had detailed how the NGO Vikas Centre for Development in association with the GEC had \"carried out mangrove plantation and regeneration on the coast of village Nada in Jambusar block\". The project was funded by the Canadian facility, and a decade later it has developed \"into dense vegetation. However, \"during past week a salt producing company has started its salt pan development activity, under which they are building a large earthen bund cutting across the plantation. In the process, they are uprooting the mangroves.\"Shah added, \"Out of the 25 sq km area where mangroves forestation was carried out a decade ago, we estimate around five sq km area running along an 18-km coastal stretch has already been adversely affected.\" Insiders in the government added, the uprooting of plantation \"may have taken place as lately Gujarat government has become lukewarm towards mangroves plantation along the Gulf of Khambhat because of the Kalpasar project.The Canadian facility project for mangroves plantation was suddenly stopped midway in 2006 after the state government decided to go ahead with the proposed sweet water lake, Kalpasar, in the Gulf. File notings say, mangroves plantation along the coastal Gulf may have the \"potential of proving to be a hurdle for obtaining environmental clearance for the Kalpasar project\". This led to stopping of the mangroves plantation activity in Mahadevpura and Bhangadh areas in Ahmedabad district, Tada talao area in Anand district, and Nada and Meha-Moradpur areas in Bharuch district.In fact, officials have cited the opinion of a Dutch expert, Fedririk Mabesoone, to decide \"not to grow mangroves in the southern vicinity area of the Kalpasar dam alignment\". A government order, signed by under-secretary, Kalpasar, B K Kavathia, to the Bharuch collector on February 7, 2004, said, \"The plantation of mangroves in this area, if started, should be stopped with immediate effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598727", "title": "Mohit Suri redefines lovemaking in Aashiqui 2", "text": "After exploring the dark side of human behaviour in films like Raaz 2, Awarapan and Murder 2, Mohit Suri is all set to test the waters by venturing into a romantic tale. The director claims that there won't be 'sex', but 'lovemaking' in the sequel of Aashiqui.Mohit adds that Aashiqui 2 will have different treatment from the original flick. Ask him whether in the sequel audience will witness bold scenes and he says, \"I would call it lovemaking and there will be lovemaking in Aashiqui 2 and not sex.\"\"In Aashiqui there was a boy, who was envious of his girl's success and these issues might persist today, and I want to take it forward. I think problems are becoming much more complicated,\" explains Mohit.Mohit believes that directing Aashiqui 2 will also be a different experience for him as he doesn't want to be remembered for directing only in a particular genre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15592960", "title": "After crackdown, 17 doctors shut abortion clinics in Thane", "text": "THANE: A showdown between district health officials and gynaecologists conducting abortions within a legally-approved time-frame here has resulted in the closure of 17 abortion clinics across Thane. All 17 gynaecs are said to have volunteered to de-register their clinics and given a written undertaking to the Thane civil surgeon, informing health officials of their decision to close down operations.The key reason for the closure, doctors here claimed, was the \"oppressive'' conduct of health officials who would \"misinterpret laws'' related to medical termination of pregnancies and fear of being \"generalized without diagnosis''.Civil surgeon Ratnakar Kulkarni said his officials had inspected 553 abortion clinics across 15 talukas in Thane, of which 117 were faulted for failing to follow administrative paperwork. Though most of these clinics were not involved in illegal termination of pregnancies or sex determination-related abortions, the gynaecs were blamed for overlooking certain provisions of law which required them to keep a detailed record of patients and the cause of abortions.\"There were minor administrative lapses on our part but they made it appear as if we were doing something illegal. The health officials demanded that gynaecs should give a signed affidavit detailing lapses at the clinic and also state that such mistakes will not be repeated. The doctors were asked to give a written undertaking stating that they would be liable for punishment should they be caught for overlooking administrative paperwork,'' a gynaecologist told TOI.As many as 25 gyneacologists had submitted a written undertaking to this effect.Last week, over 150-odd gynaecologists had discussions with district health department officials for effective regulation of the law concerning medical termination of pregnancies. But the meeting ended on a bitter note with some doctors offering to shut their clinic rather than face strict scrutiny.\"The law has authorized us to medically terminate a pregnancy if the abortion is done between 12 and 20 weeks of pregnancy. But health officials say all abortions post 8 weeks should be reported as most of them are done after a sex-selection test,'' a doctor said. \"In a majority of the cases, the abortion is due to failed contraception. But health officials find this reason suspicious,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593488", "title": "Rally derails south Mumbai yet again", "text": "South Mumbai creaked under its second rally in 10 days, which derailed traffic and disrupted the city's first working day after an extended weekend. On August 11, a rally to protest killings of Muslims in Assam and Myanmar turned violent, choking SoBo and left two dead. Tuesday's rally by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena to protest that violence, held the city's business district to ransom for nearly five hours, minus however, the bloodshed.As MNS chief Raj Thackeray took politicians and the police top brass to task, over 40,000 supporters marched in a show of strength from Chowpatty, along Marine Drive-Princess Street-Dhobitalao, to the rally venue at Azad Maidan.When Thackeray reached Chowpatty, traffic police asked his supporters to use the foot-over-bridge to cross from the beach to the other side. \"We had prepared a very elaborate plan, as during major cricket tournaments. We made a list of parking spaces available in south Mumbai. As soon as buses carrying MNS supporters reached Chowpatty, we got them to alight and directed the vehicles to parking lots. Till 2pm, 350 buses and many four-wheelers were parked at various slots,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.But police efforts could not prevent chaos. Traffic snarls were reported at Pedder Road and Mahalaxmi. Thackeray himself was delayed en route to Chowpatty due to a snarl at Worli. A section of Marine Drive was shut for nearly an hour-and-a-half and several diversions put in place. As Thackeray's cavalcade moved towards Azad Maidan, a section of Mahapalika Marg had to be shut for 45 minutes from Metro Cinema. A backlog of traffic was reported till Haji Ali at one end and Nariman Point at the other. \"It took me two hours to reach Crawford market from Colaba and back ,\" Rupa Angre, a store director. Most taxis stayed off SoBo roads, giving commuters a tough time. BEST services were also affected, many were diverted. Commuters couldn't get buses on Mahapalika Marg, Kalbadevi Road and Netaji Subhash Road due to the morcha, said public relations officer Manoj Varade.Around 700 Railway Protection Force personnel were deployed on Central Railway. Western Railway deployed 850 personnel from RPF and Railway Protection Special force, along with sniffer dogs.In the evening, a senior cop said an FIR was lodged against MNS general secretary Shirish Sawant and other members under the Bombay Police Act as \"permission was not granted for a rally at Chowpatty.\"Meanwhile, despite SMSes warning Muslims against going to south Mumbai, they ventured out in large numbers. \"A huge crowd came to seek the saint's blessings on baasi Eid (day after Eid),\" said Haji Ali dargah's manager Mohammed Ahmed Tahir. Many also joined the protest at Azad Maidan.(With inputs from Somit Sen, Mohammed Wajihuddin, V Narayan, Manthan Mehta &amp; G Anurag Rao)Times ViewDon't disrupt normal lifeCan politicians (of every hue) just leave South Mumbai alone? The business district of the nation's commerce capital being held to ransom twice in 10 days does not send out the right signal to the world. Maharashtra needs to shore up its image at a time when there is intense competition with other states, most notably Gujarat, to attract investment. The soft-state image and repeated deviations from work-day normality are things that Mumbai and Maharashtra can do without.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598192", "title": "Balloon seller\u2019s film makes it to Toronto", "text": "Arbaaz Khan used to sell balloons in Mumbai when he was spotted by director Manjeet Singh to play himself in a movie titled Mumbai Cha Raja. The 11-year-old was excited about the film as much because it narrated his own tale as for the remuneration he got for acting. Today, his film will have a world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival. Arbaaz, though, is clueless about how prestigious this is and has left Mumbai too.Says Manjeet, \"My film is about the true story of these boys \u2014 Rahul Bairagi and Arbaaz Khan . Rahul is a troubled adolescent who lives in the slums with his alcoholic father, hard working mother and brother. He spends time with his balloon seller friend, Arbaaz. These boys escape the reality by gambling, roasting stolen potatoes, stealing an auto rickshaw for a joyride and chasing girls. Set during the Ganpati festival, MCR tells the story of Rahul who has to handle his life's chaos amidst the chaos of the festival.\" Neither Rahul nor Arbaaz understand anything about the importance of their movie being screened at Toronto. \"Rahul came to me a few days back. He understands nothing. Arbaaz has left the city because of the monsoons. It's difficult for him to live in the Mumbai slums during the rains,\" the director says. Didn't he feel that Rahul and Arbaaz's tale would be compared to that of Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire ? \"Rahul and Arbaaz are talented. In some parts, they are better than the SM kids. But then, I don't have the money to promote them the way Boyle's film did in case of Rubina and Azhar. They don't have passports or even mobile phones. I am struggling to generate `85 lakh (the budget of the film) and am waiting for crowd-funding to help me generate the money for post-production and promotion. Once I get the money, I'll want to buy them some presents,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592789", "title": "Cops get HC rap for inaction in case against ex-MLA\u2019s son", "text": "MUMBAI: Rapping the police for its failure to act against son of former MLA Pappu Kalani, the Bombay high court on Tuesday referred to the lawlessness that prevailed during the violence in Azad Maidan on August 11.\"It is a sorry state of affairs. The law must be strictly followed, irrespective of whether the person who is named is powerful or influential,\" said a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode, while hearing a petition filed by Ulhasnagar resident Sunil Sukhramani about police inaction in a case where he was threatened by Kalani's son Omie.\"(Failure of the police to take action) sends a wrong message. Citizens may lose faith in the system and may be tempted to take the law into their own hands. Look at what happened at Azad Maidan,\" said Justice Kanade.The court asked the police to provide protection to Sunil within 48 hours, as he claimed that he continued to receive threats. Noting that Omie had not been arrested despite his anticipatory bail plea being rejected, the judges said: \"No steps have been taken to arrest the accused. We may consider ordering the home ministry to conduct an inquiry into the role of cops concerned and transfer the probe to the CBI.\"The court has asked the CID to file an affidavit on the status of probe before the next hearing on August 23. Sunil's friend, Prakash Kalwani, complainant in the case, will also be provided with security, said the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15594999", "title": "Landlord held for raping singer", "text": "BARASAT: Rape horror returned to haunt the residents of Barasat on Tuesday after a woman was found in the courtyard of a neighbour, stripped and unconscious. The 26-year-old woman was allegedly gangraped by her landlord and his friends late on Monday at Bamangachhi in North 24-Parganas.The incident comes a day after a group of drunken youths beat up a 14-year-old girl and also tried to rape her at Barasat's Kajipara - barely 1.5km away from where the woman was raped.Early on Tuesday, locals found the woman in an unconscious state and rushed her to hospital. They also informed police. In her statement to the police, the victim alleged that she was drugged by landlord Debojyoti Kar Bhowmick and four of his friends and later raped by them. Soon after receiving the complaint, police swung into action and arrested Bhowmick from his residence. His friends - Rana, Chottu, Bomkesh and Pijus - were also rounded up later in the day.The prime accused was produced in court on Tuesday afternoon and remanded in four days of police custody. The four others will be produced in court on Wednesday.The woman, a bar singer and resident of Gaighata, was staying in Bhowmick's house at Majherpara as a paying guest for the past six months. Bhowmick is a singer and band master and the victim had joined his team a few months back.\"She has been living as a paying guest in his house ever since she joined his band and used to rehearse with the other singers. Besides being her teacher, he was like a local guardian to her. We also trusted him and thus allowed her to stay in his house. We never imagined that Bhowmick can do something so horrible. He and the other accused should be given exemplary punishment,\" said a relative of the victim.On Monday night, the band master held a feast at his house and invited all the singers and musicians of his team. Some of Bhowmick's friends were also present at the party. The woman alleged that the goons forced her to drink alcohol. \"It was late at night and Bhowmick and his four friends forced me to drink alcohol. The other singers had already left by then and there was no one to come to my aid. Later, they also drugged me after which I fell unconscious,\" the victim claimed.Police suspect that the miscreants dumped her in the courtyard of a neighbour to mislead the people and evade arrest. Around 5.30am on Tuesday, some local residents noticed the woman lying in the courtyard. There were no clothes on her. The women of the locality rushed to the spot and covered her with clothes, before she was taken to hospital. \"We know the woman well as she has been living in Bhowmick's house for the past few months. On regaining consciousness, she told us that she had suffered a night-long sexual torture by her landlord and some of his friends. We then took her to the Barasat District Hospital and informed police,\" said Debjani Roy, a local resident.\"On interrogating Bhowmick, we came to know about the four others who were there with him on Monday night. They were arrested from Bamangachhi and Duttapukur area on Tuesday afternoon and are being interrogated in this connection,\" said Champak Bhattacharya, SP of North 24-Parganas.In another incident, a 42-year-old CPM leader was arrested and remanded in 14 days of judicial custody on Tuesday for raping a 12-year-old mentally challenged girl at Hingalganj in Basirhat.The incident took place on Sunday evening when the girl was standing alone in front of her houseat Boltala in Hingalganj. The accused Ranjit Sardar , a local CPM leader and the girl's neighbour told the girl that an interesting movie was playing on the television and lured her to his house. It was then that he allegedly raped her.Sardar fled the area soon after the matter came to light. The girl's mother lost no time and lodged a complaint with Hingalganj police station on Monday morning after she came to know about her daughter's ordeal. Police picked up Sardar from a hideout at Nabapally in Barasat on Monday night. He was produced in Basirhat court on Tuesday.A 26-year-old woman was allegedly gangraped by her landlord and his friends and dumped in the courtyard of another local residence at Bamangachi near Barasat in North 24 Parganas late on Monday. Local people found the woman lying naked and in an unconscious state in that courtyard on Tuesday morning and took her to the hospital and informed police. Soon after receiving the statement of the woman police swung into action and arrested the prime accused Debojyoti Kar Bhowmik, the land lord and his four friends on Tuesday.The incident comes just a day after a group of drunken youths tried to rape a 14-year-old girl and beat her up severely leaving injured her critically at Barasat's Kajipara, barely 1.5km away from Bamangachi where the 26-year-old woman was gangraped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15592094", "title": "Kenny played the right way in wrong era", "text": "Luck plays a huge role in the selection of a player in any cricket team. As if the anxiety of playing well isn't big enough, a deserving cricketer has to undergo the frustration of not being selected too. The period from 1950 to 1970 however, was an absolute nightmare for an aspiring Indian cricketer when getting selected was a lottery.Many suffered in this arbitrary system. Talented players with remarkable records in first-class matches could only dream of playing for the country. There were many who were unexpectedly dropped despite being well on their way to cementing their place in the team.The story of Ramnath Kenny is similar. He arrived on the scene and showed more than just glimpses of his talent. But a couple of failures and he was dropped. A middle-order batsman, Kenny had a first class average of 50.47 with 11 hundreds. For all his talent, Kenny played only 5 Tests.It was the fourth day of the India-Australia Test match at Bombay in 1960. Australia had taken the first innings lead of 98, but India were comfortably placed. Openers Nari Contractor and Pankaj Roy added 92. Next day, Ray Lindwall, Allen Davidson and Ian Meckiff looked menacing and India lost both openers followed by Kunderan and Borde and were 112 for 4.Young and handsome Abbas Ali Baig joined a determined Kenny at the crease. All possible effort was made to save the game. Baig reached his 50 and a remarkable thing happened. A girl ran on the ground from the stands to kiss him. \"Ramnath kept egging me to last till tea in order to make the match absolutely safe. The match was saved and I threw my wicket away to Ray Lindwall who was approaching a major landmark. I got a gentle rebuke from Ramnath. During the Test he discussed technique with me. He must have been a good coach,\" recounts Baig.Kenny considered throwing one's wicket away as a crime. His batsmanship was based on one sound principle; area between the crease and the stump belongs to the batsman and he should utilise it sensibly.Pandurang Salgaonkar and Yajurvendra Singh played a lot with Kenny for Mahindras. Says Yajurvendra, \"Ramnath was a very organised and tidy cricketer. Like his appearance and dressing, his batting too was very precise. The legs, hands and body had to be in perfect position to play a shot. In a Times Shield match at Hindu Gymkhana, we batted together on a turning wicket. I was using my pads to counter the spin. But he seemed to have no problems. His advice to me was to get to the pitch of the ball by using my feet so that the turn will not come into effect. Otherwise it will become a short ball. He demonstrated his technique to me. That was sheer education and an example for an aspiring player like me. That was the importance of Mumbai cricket for all of us\".Pandurang Salgaonkar, who was one of the quickest bowlers in India in the 1970s, remembers: \"Though I was quite quick when I was young, Kenny had no problems facing me in the Mahindra nets. And he was past his best. I adored his technique and approach to the game. He never allowed us to think anything apart from the game during the nets or a match.\"Coached by Duleepsinhji, Kenny perfected the art of batsmanship to such an extent that even on dicey Kanga League pitches, he never looked in trouble.His basics were very strong. \"He scored an unbeaten 150 for Dadar Union against the likes of Vinoo Mankad and Subhash Gupte (Gupte had played for the PJ Hindu Gymkhana for one year). He was stepping out to them at will,\" says his contemporary of Dadar Union, Vasu Paranjpe.He adds, \"When he was dropped by Bombay selectors on the morning of the match, the selectors felt so guilty that nobody was willing to be the one to inform him. He was treated shabbily. Players of lesser quality played for India but Ram got only 5 Tests. That was unfair.\"Cricket to Ramnath Kenny was a way of life. He discouraged discussion of non cricketing issues. One third of India's Test runs have been scored by Bombay batsmen. But stories like that of Kenny show how the percentage could have been much higher. Perhaps Ramnath Kenny was born in the wrong era. Another era would have realised his worth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15596955", "title": "Starburst at Salman Khan's bash", "text": "It was a double dhamaka of sorts at Salman Khans Bandra residence on Monday.The actor hosted a big bash to celebrate both Eid and the success of his latest film,YRFs Ek Tha Tiger.And in signature style,he went all out to make it one happy occasion for his family and friends.Heres looking at some highpoints of this much talked about star-studded bash.No prizes for guessing this one: Ex-flame Katrina Kaif was the first to arrive and looked good enough to eat in a white anarkali suit.An eye witness told TOI,Kat did not come in her SUV but another small car to dodge the paparazzi.Later,she was spotted taking a stroll along with Salman behind the building.Sonakshi put to rest all those rumours about tension brewing between Salman and her simply by her presence at the party.Interestingly,Sona was among the last guests to leave the venue.Even Kat left before her.Sanjay Dutt ,whos just had a knee surgery among other things,came,minus the walking stick.Not only did he not limp but he looked fresher and fitter.The actor left the do at around 1am and returned about an hour later.He wasnt too happy with the crowd gathered outside Salmans residence to catch a glimpse of their favourite stars and made his displeasure quite clear. Before the situation turned ugly, Salmans sister Arpita and his bodyguard Shera saved the day.Arpita bundled Sanjay into a car and Shera drove him back home.The likes of Karan Johar , Arjun Kapoor, Karisma Kapoor,Preity Zinta,Kabir Khan and wife Mini Mathur were also spotted.A pregnant Amrita Arora showed off her baby bump and staggering high heels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15598446", "title": "Northeastern natives expected to return shortly", "text": "MUMBAI: Volunteers manning helplines in Mumbai say that like Bangalore, where the northeasterners who had fled began returning Tuesday, a reverse migration will soon become visible in Mumbai as well. The helpline run by My Home India has also been taking fewer panic calls \"since people realised the SMS threats did not originate within India\", says spokesperson Sadashiv Chavan.\"We are confident that as the days pass in an non-eventful manner, those who have left their studies and jobs abruptly midway will feel confident to return.\" Over Monday and Tuesday the tide of migrants leaving town began to ebb. Until Saturday the LTT-Guwahati Express that plies three times a week was bursting to capacity. Raju Chauhan, state secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), said, \"Those northeasterners who had made prior train reservations are trickling out but we are counselling the remainder not to go.Monday night a group of Meghalaya Chakmas from Aurangabad arrived in Mumbai debating whether to take the morning train out but stayed back after we assured them of protection and support.\" ABVP elders and volunteers have been visiting Sydenham College, VJTI and Bandra Technical Institute in Mumbai apart from fanning out into engineering colleges across Jalgaon, Nashik and Nagpur to assuage the natives' fears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15598347", "title": "Task force on Rabindra Tirtha holds first meeting", "text": "KOLKATA: The task force that was formed by chief minister Mamata Banerjee to look into developing the newly inaugurated Rabindra Tirtha in Rajarhat held its first meeting on Tuesday. The meeting was chaired by urban development minister Firhad Hakim. Eminent personalities like Saoli Mitra, Suvaprsanna and Jogen Choudhury and state information and cultural affairs secretary Nandini Chakraborty were present in the meeting.The task force took some important decisions in the meeting. Among the decisions, the first programme, consisting of three Tagore dramas and songs would start from 15th September. Hidco authorities will appoint a maintenance agency and security for this programme. A Rs 10 entry fee would be imposed.It has also been decided that the I &amp; CA department would lend exhibitions on Tagore's views on education and Tagore appreciation sessions would be devised in consultation with Rabindra Bharati University. Further more, special souvenirs on Tagore would be developed and sold for the common people to have a look. The I &amp; CA department would lend documentaries on Tagore for being screened and CDs and books on Tagore would be procured.The task force also noticed that the exhibition halls need furniture. Besides, computers and digital archives with internet access would be installed in the complex. The task force will be keeping regular look on the progress of the decisions taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593437", "title": "GIFT: Farmers want more for their land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Farmers of Shahpur village in Gandhinagar gathered for a token protest demanding higher compensation for their land, which was acquired for the Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) almost a decade ago. The farmers were asking the state government for higher compensation.The land parcel for GIFT city was initially reserved for IIT-Gandhinagar and then assigned to GIFT city.Farmers who were agitating the government demanded that the government give them rates equivalent to the present jantri rate. The farmers demanded that the government took away land at a throwaway prices from them and was now selling it at a higher price.The farmers also shouted slogans against the state government and stated that the land belonged to the village and not the government.The villagers wanted that the apart from implementing Town Planning schemes in Shahpur village, similar town planning schemes should have been executed in surrounding villages also.The villagers also demanded that the state government return the land acquired from them if the government could not compensate according to the prevalent jantri rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593486", "title": "\u2018Tough-talking police chief invited Raj Thackeray ire\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray probably took on Arup Patnaik in his rally speech on Tuesday because the Mumbai police commissioner had dealt with MNS-related violence with an iron fist, especially the party's recent protest against toll naka collections, police officials told TOI.A senior officer said that police action during the protests could be \"the obvious reason\" why Patnaik was targeted. The police had issued a strict warning to MNS leaders and even threatened to book them under \"robbery offences\" in case they tried to create any disturbance.In another recent instance, MNS legislator Pravin Darekar's corporator brother Prakash and bodyguard were arrested in a dacoity case after they allegedly barged into a film shoot at Borivli and destroyed vehicles. Patnaik had ordered strict action against them and additional commissioner of police (north region) Sunil Paraskar ensured that all the accused would be caught.Then in April, Thackeray had threatened to stage a protest during the centenary celebrations of Bihar Diwas, which were to be presided over by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar . However, he later withdrew the plan. It was reported that Patnaik had warned MNS seniors of 'strict' action in case they tried to disturb Kumar's visit to the city.Currently, the senior officer added, ground-level policemen are \"to some extent\" upset with their seniors over not being allowed to deal with the Azad Maidan violence more strongly. \"He has tried to encash on this sentiment,\" the officer said.Patnaik had also given charge of additional commissioner of police (west region) to Vishwas Nangre-Patil at Girgaum Chowpatty from where MNS started the rally on Tuesday. A few years ago, Nangre-Patil, who was DCP Zone 1, had ordered a lathi charge on protestors led by industries minister Narayan Rane's son during a water rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15594828", "title": "Raj Thackeray: Bangladeshis behind Aug 11 Mumbai violence", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday alleged that illegal Bangladeshi immigrants were behind the August 11 violence in which two people were killed in protests against alleged atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar .Despite police permission only for a rally, Thackeray led more than 50,000 people on a march along Marine Drive to Azad Maidan, bringing all of south Mumbai to a halt.Waving what appeared to be a Bangladeshi passport and warning that illegal migration from the eastern neighbour would destroy Mumbai, Mahasrashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday addressed a massive pro-Hindu rally in answer to the August 11 gathering of Muslims to protest attacks in Assam.Slamming the violence during the Muslim rally, which like the one on Tuesday paralysed south Mumbai, he said, \"There is a boundary which no one should cross. There should be no physical assaults on policemen and officials. My party will always stand by the cops whenever such cases happen,\" Thackeray said.Thackeray said the influx illegal Bangladeshi migrants posed a threat to Mumbai. \"They have safe havens in UP and Bihar. From there, the illegal migrants come to Mumbai to foment trouble,\" he said and accused Bangladeshi migrants of playing a major role in the August 11 violence.He denied of playing the Hindu card and said his only \"dharma\" was the \"Maharashtra dharma\". \"Any person who tries to take law into his hands, beats up cops, mediapersons, molest women cops deserves the severest condemnation from me and my party,\" the MNS leader said.Thackeray blamed the Congress-led DF government and home minister R R Patil for creating an administrative hurdle for the MNS rally. \"Similar queries were not asked when Raza Academy held protest rally on August 11 at Azad Maidan. Raza Academy has a dubious track record. Samajwadi Party leader Abu Asim Azmi had delivered a provocative speech in Bhiwandi at the Raza Academy rally few years ago. At the end of the rally miscreants slaughtered two cops. Why was such an organization given permission to hold a rally on August 11?\"South Mumbai creaked under its second political rally in 10 days, which derailed traffic and disrupted the city's first working day after an extended weekend. Over 50,000 MNS men gathered at Chowpatty and marched in a show of strength along the Marine Drive-Princess Street-Dhobitalao stretch to the rally venue at Azad Maidan.Police, who had granted permission only for a meeting at the Azad Maidan, initiated action against the party. Mumbai Police booked the MNS for organising the rally at Girgaum Chowpatty without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592608", "title": "Tech fests steal the show", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tollywood actors and rock bands from foreign shores are all passe. Stealing the show at college fests this season are custom-made robots, who wrestle and run and also solve tech problems. If cultural college festivals with dance and music were the talk of the town until a couple of years ago, tech fests have beaten them hands down in popularity. Boasting of bigger budgets and better participation, these festivals are also turning out to be the darlings of sponsors who are queuing up to put up their hoardings at these events.Take for instance the metamorphosis of Pearl 2012, the college festival of BITS Pilani, Hyderabad campus. Until last year, the festival was a cultural event and had about 1,500 students participating. \"This year's fest included a workshop on hovercrafts. The fest budget shot from Rs 25 lakh in 2011 to Rs 35 lakh this year. And the turnout was a whopping 5000 students,\" said Rahul Kishore, a final year student, who was on the fest's organizing committee. At IIT Hyderabad too, the technical-cum-cultural fest 'Elan' saw an increase in budget from around Rs 20 lakh last year to nearly Rs 30 lakh this year. The fest which comprises more technical events like robotics and coding than cultural ones also recorded a rise in participation by 25%.Organisers say that popular robots from the silver screen like Optimus Prime of Transformers and Atom of Real Steel has students of city colleges taking a keen interest in technical fests, especially those involving robotics. These fests, which include events like robot racing, robot wrestling, line follower robots, multi-terrain robot time trials, problem solving using robots, paper presentations, science quiz and workshops on technical innovations, are also able to get bigger sponsorships.Prashant Kumar of SNIST and one of the organisers of Roboveda 2012, a national level fest which was held recently, said, \"This is the only fest in the country in which all the events are based on robotics and it has grown tremendously in popularity since the first one was held six years ago. This year, the budget was around Rs 7 lakh and the budget has been increasing consistently by around 10% every year. The number of participants too has shot from just 250 five years ago, to nearly 1,000 this year.\" Kumar added that this time, a special basic science quiz was organised especially for the large number of students from non-engineering background who attended the fest.Managing to rope in sponsors like Andhra Bank, Punjab National Bank, Idea, Priya Cement, Radio Mirchi, Flipkart and Mother Dairy, students said companies are now more open to funding technical events unlike in the past. Pulipati Mahesh, who recently graduated from MGIT, and was an organiser of the technical fest, 'Microcosm', said, \"In my first year, we found that companies were keen on sponsoring only cultural fests. But by this year's fest which was held in March, things had become much easier with the budget going from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 4 lakh.\"Tapping the growing craze for technical events, city colleges which did not have large-scale tech fests are now including them in the academic calendar. MGIT, which earlier had separate fests for each department, started a national level combined tech fest called 'Magistech' from last year and CBIT too is planning a similar combined national level event to be held in the second semester of the current academic year. Chenna Kesava Rao, principal of CBIT said, \"The participants in these technical fests have increased by nearly 60 to 70% in the past few years. Students have now realised that being a part of these events will give them valuable experience that can be an advantage at the time of placements too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15594960", "title": "Land identified for 100 parks in suburbs", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Ambattur can soon relax in a more beautiful locality. The area is to be dotted with 22 parks, among the 100 to be set up by the Corporation of Chennai in the city's expanded areas. Under fire for allowing many parks to be razed for development projects, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy in the budget announced the plan to create more 'green lungs' in the newly-included areas.There are 260 parks in the old corporation limits. A corporation official said: \"The mayor and the commissioner are very keen on the new parks which will have modern facilities, including music. There are also plans to plant herbs.\" While residents and environmentalists welcomed the move, corporation officials said acquiring these lands was tough. A senior official said: \"The spaces identified for the 100 parks in eight zones include small parks, OSR lands and vacant places.\" According to Open Space Reservation (OSR) rules, buildings with more than 10,000 sq m of space are required to earmark 10% of the area as OSR land.The second master plan of the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority shows that each Chennaiite has only 0.46 sq m of 'green space' against the 17 sq m of green space per resident in Bangalore. The green space, officials say, includes parks, avenue trees and forest areas. In Chennai, infrastructure projects, including metro rail, have claimed many parks. The corporation park in Ashok Nagar, Thiru-Vi-Ka Park in Shenoy Nagar; Nehru Park on Poonamallee High Road and May Day Park in Chintadripet are now closed for metro rail works.Corporation sources said tenders for the new parks, 19 in Valsaravakkam, 9 in Madhavaram, 10 in Perungudi, 14 in Sholinganallur, 13 in Alandur, 7 in Tiruvottiyur and 6 in Manali, would be floated soon. While the budget allocated Rs 30 crore for the parks, civic officials now estimate the project will cost Rs 17 crore. It is also planned to rope in private parties for maintaining the parks.Many Ambattur residents are excited. \"Many people here are suffering because of the severe air pollution. More parks will improve the air quality,\" said R Vijay Kumar, a resident. \"There are many empty plots, now used to dump garbage, which can be converted into parks,\" he said.B Narasimhan, a professor of botany at Madras Christian College, said, \"Steps should be taken to plant more trees in these parks.\" People in other cities also expressed joy at the proposal. Nayana Kathpalia, co-convener of Mumbai-based Citispace that fights for open spaces, said: \"It is good that Chennai will soon have 100 more parks which will improve the air quality. Privatiasation is okay, but proper monitoring by the civic body is a must.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594075", "title": "Nelly Rodrigues is new South Goa ZP chief", "text": "MARGAO: Colva ZP member Nelly Rodrigues was elected unopposed the chairperson of the South Goa zilla panchayat at its meeting held on Tuesday.As hers was the lone nomination received for the post, the chief executive officer of the South Goa zilla panchayat, Y B Tavde, who was the presiding officer for the polls, declared Rodrigues elected unopposed.Speaking to mediapersons after the meeting, Rodrigues said that she would strive to get maximum development works done in all the constituencies through the ZP funds.The new chairperson also expressed \"full faith\" in chief minister Manohar Parrikar in fulfilling their demand for devolution of funds and powers to the zilla panchayats. \"The chief minister has assured to give the required funds and I will follow it up with him in that regard. It's imperative that the zilla panchayats in Goa get enough funds and powers as outlined in the 73rd constitutional amendment,\" Rodrigues said.While 13 ZP members were present for the meeting, the outgoing chairperson, Maria Rebello, was conspicuous by her absence. Rebello had tendered her resignation from the post last month after 12 members of the district level panchayat body moved a no-confidence motion against her.\"We will consider the option of letting the Goa state urban development agency (GSUDA) undertake the project. I have already initiated talks with them in that regard,\" Kavlekar told TOI.Rodrigues, who was a former chairperson of the South Goa zilla panchayat, is a senior-most member of the second tier panchayat body, having been elected for three consecutive terms.Rodrigues was also in the race along with Rebello to head the South Goa zilla panchayat body following the March 2010 ZP elections. However, Rebello, who then enjoyed the backing of the then PWD minister Churchill Alemao , was elected unopposed, after Rodrigues, who was backed by Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, withdrew from the fray. Rodrigues had joined the Pacheco-camp just ahead of the ZP polls. She later went on to contest the March 2012 assembly polls from Cortalim assembly constituency on Pacheco's Goa Vikas Party (GVP) but lost to BJP candidate late Matanhy Saldanha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15595352", "title": "Kullu's apple-growers use artificial ripening chemicals without expert advice", "text": "MANALI: The increasing trend of spraying artificial \"apple ripening chemicals\" in Kullu is spreading like a disease among the apple growers. Spray of popular chemicals like ether reacts with fruit to bring red bright colour within few days but reduces its life span.Five blocks of Kullu district grow apples and the total area under farming is 23,000 hectares. In competition to sell the fruit first and fetch good prices, many horticulturists are spraying chemicals without consulting the experts. Excess chemicals spray may make fruit look bright and healthy but it becomes unhealthy for human body, experts say.According to horticulture deputy director BC Rana, they are encouraging fruit growers to seek instructions from them before using any chemical sprays. \"Many times they use pesticides, fungicides themselves without knowing the exact disease. We always recommend changing the pesticides every time to avoid their residual effect. Fruit should be harvested at least 12 days after the spray to avoid its harmful effect on health,\" he said.Use of strong pesticides and fungicide is another threat to the public health. When pests present in orchards become habitual of one pesticide after its repeated and excessive use, horticulturists generally go for more powerful pesticides which are harmful for both fruit and human body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598562", "title": "Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi sequel on cards", "text": "Bela Bhansali Sehgal keeps her fingers crossed as Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is all set to hit the silver screen. However, the director doesn't deny the possibility of a sequel to the rom-com.While, Bela shares her desire to direct Salman Khan , SRK, Hrithik Roshan in her future ventures, she confirms that the sequel to Shirin Farhad... would happen with Farah Khan.\"Right now, I am too busy with the promotional activities, but there is no denial of the fact that sequel is something I have in mind. And when the plan would be concrete, I am sure Farah will agree to do the film,\" says Bela.Shirin Farhad... is a middle-aged love story and the chemistry between Boman and Farah has already grabbed eyeballs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592446", "title": "Telugu film raises teachers' hackles", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social activists and a teacher association approached the State Human Rights Commission on Tuesday demanding a ban on an upcoming Telugu flick 'Sorry Teacher'.Teachers and activists have taken strong objections to the film that revolves around a female school teacher and her students and also its promos and posters that they claimed were sleazy.All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA), United Teachers Federation (UTF) and other student organisation leaders and activists requested the SHRC that their petition be treated as a special case as the movie would release on August 24. \"We have been opposing this movie right from its shooting stage.It was earlier titled 'I Love You Teacher', but after we lodged complaints with the censor board and the state film chamber, it was changed. We had strong objections about its content and the makers of the movie said it would be changed but looking at the film posters and promos it is clear that the movie is very obscene,\" said T Jyothi, state president, AIDWA. She described the film as a threat to society as it would only provoke young children to think in a certain manner about their teachers and will also corrupt the student-teacher relationship.Another petitioner M Samyukta, state associate president, UTF, added that the makers of the movie had acted in a very irresponsible manner as hundreds of women teachers across the state would be affected once the movie was released.\"A school teacher in the movie poster is shown wearing revealing clothes and teaching students. Does it happen anywhere in reality?We have approached the commission asthe censor board members had promised a special screening for us but withdrew at the last minute.We do not want this movie to release at any cost and we are also exploring the option of filing a public interest litigation (PIL) in court.\" Admitting the case, the commission has summoned the censor board regional officer to be present on August 23 and submit a report on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593752", "title": "'A\u2019 and \u2018I\u2019 group war back in Congress", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If hints are anything to go by, the state congress is getting divided into A and I groups again.Senior leaders and political observers sense a specific pattern in which leaders have lined up to defend chief minister Oommen Chandy and attack him in the Nelliyampathy controversy.During the present controversy, leaders such as M M Hassan and P C Vishnunath who are known to be stauch A group loyalists have come up to criticize the green brigade while I group leaders Joseph Vazhakkan and Hibi Eden have lined up along with V D Satheesan and T N Prathapan. Though Prathapan had been associated with the A group, he distanced himself from the group after being denied the Cabinet berth.Sources also reveal that the efforts of Chandy to stop public outbursts by leaders against his government were not received well by KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala who wanted Chandy to rein in MM Hassan first. In New Delhi, Ramesh criticized Hassan's criticism of the green brigade as greedy brigade and said, \"It may be his personal opinion. The party does not have the opinion that the Congress has greedy politicians.\" The infight worsened on Tuesday with V D Satheesan and T N Prathapan issuing a joint statement against M M Hassan.They made a dig at Hassan over the way he has been lobbying for a seat in the last Assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15594486", "title": "Delay in issuing subsidy norms hits corporation\u2019s schemes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The delay in issuing of subsidy norms by the department of local self-government has hit the preparation of projects to be included in the 12th five year plan for the year 2012-2017 in the corporation.The civic body has been finding it difficult to prepare the various schemes as it doesn't have any guidelines regarding the subsidy norms. The state government had issued guidelines to prepare the projects under the 12th five year plan only in the end of the June and has asked the civic bodies to submit the projects to be included in the first year of the 12th five year plan to the district planning committee before September 7.The state government is giving subsidy to encourage investment by the beneficiaries. In the production sector, subsidy is provided to supplement investment by the beneficiaries of the scheme.\"The functioning of the city corporation is heading towards a standstill. We have not received any official information regarding the subsidy norms to be followed while preparing projects in various sectors,\" said mayor A K Premajam. \"It's difficult to set aside fund without getting the information on fund allocation. We have decided to approve the projects for the first year in the corporation council meeting to be held on August 24,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595242", "title": "Polls to stall night food street for some time", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With almost no progress on revival of Night Food Street in two months, the project is expected to get further delayed due to code of conduct implemented ahead of the elections in Maloya on September 15.After facing wrath from the judiciary for high rates of food items and not maintaining proper hygiene, the Chandigarh municipal corporation had decided to close down the Night Food Street in May, this year. At that time officials claimed that they would re launch it with necessary changes in July, but till date only minor decisions have been made including, reducing the number of kiosks at the street from eight to four and deciding that non vegetarian food will not be served.Major decisions like deciding the menu and fixing its rate, along with calling tenders are yet to be taken. The matter was supposed to be taken up at the last finance and contract committee (F&CC;) meeting, but it could not be taken up. Now with elections scheduled for September 15, the next meeting will only be held in the last week of September, thus delaying the re launch by another month.Councillor and member of F&CC;, Rajesh Kumar Gupta said, \"The delay is purely because of the inability of the officials of MC. They have not compiled the necessary data and brought the matter in meeting.\"Councillor and member of F&CC;, Harjinder Kaur said, \"In the absence of proper coordination between MC officials, the issue has been hanging fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599142", "title": "Sleep improves memory in Parkinson\u2019s patients", "text": "Researchers have shown that people with Parkinson's disease performed markedly better on a test of working memory after a night's sleep, and sleep disorders can interfere with that benefit.While the classic symptoms of Parkinson's disease include tremors and slow movements, Parkinson's can also affect someone's memory, including \"working memory.\"Working memory is defined as the ability to temporarily store and manipulate information, rather than simply repeat it. The use of working memory is important in planning, problem solving and independent living.The findings underline the importance of addressing sleep disorders in the care of patients with Parkinson's, and indicate that working memory capacity in patients with Parkinson's potentially can be improved with training. The results also have implications for the biology of sleep and memory.\"It was known already that sleep is beneficial for memory, but here, we've been able to analyze what aspects of sleep are required for the improvements in working memory performance,\" said postdoctoral fellow Michael Scullin, who is the first author of the paper.The performance boost from sleep was linked with the amount of slow wave sleep, or the deepest stage of sleep. Several research groups have reported that slow wave sleep is important for synaptic plasticity, the ability of brain cells to reorganize and make new connections.Sleep apnea, the disruption of sleep caused by obstruction of the airway, interfered with sleep's effects on memory. Study participants who showed signs of sleep apnea, if it was severe enough to lower their blood oxygen levels for more than five minutes, did not see a working memory test boost.54 study participants had Parkinson's disease, and 10 had dementia with Lewy bodies: a more advanced condition, where patients may have hallucinations or fluctuating cognition as well as motor symptoms. Those who had dementia with Lewy bodies saw no working memory boost from the night's rest. As expected, their baseline level of performance was lower than the Parkinson's group.Participants with Parkinson's who were taking dopamine-enhancing medications saw their performance on the digit span test jump up between the fourth and fifth test. On average, they could remember one more number backwards. The ability to repeat numbers backward improved, even though the ability to repeat numbers forward did not.Patients needed to be taking dopamine-enhancing medications to see the most performance benefit from sleep. Patients not taking dopamine medications, even though they had generally had Parkinson's for less time, did not experience as much of a performance benefit. This may reflect a role for dopamine, an important neurotransmitter, in memory.Scullin and Bliwise are planning an expanded study of sleep and working memory, in healthy elderly people as well as patients with neurodegenerative diseases.The results were published this week in the journal Brain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15594120", "title": "Syndicate clears panel to probe irregularities in MKU", "text": "MADURAI: The syndicate meeting of Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) held on Tuesday approved the appointment of Justice A Raman, retired judge of Madras high court to inquire into the allegations and irregularities in appointments during 2010 and 2011.Justice Raman, who will be the one-man commission, will commence probe into the irregularities shortly. Allegations of malpractices in the appointments were raised in the university after previous vice-chancellor, R Karpaga Kumaravel resigned following charges that several faculty members of the 120-odd appointments made during his tenure got the posts through dubious means. Though Kumaravel had refuted the allegations and maintained that the appointments were made adhering to norms, several senate and syndicate members of MKU had demanded a high-level probe.Raising the issue during the senate meeting held in the university in March this year, several members had demanded a high-level committee to probe into the allegations. Justice Raman, who will conduct his probe on these allegations, will submit the report to the vice-chancellor, Kalyani Mathivanan. The syndicate meeting also approved the syllabus for the five-year integrated courses - Masters in Film and Electronic Media Studies and Masters in Tourism and Hotel Management. Further, the syndicate constituted a nine-member committee to look after the affairs of all constituent colleges of the university. It also gave its nod to the memorandum of understanding entered between MKU and Auroville Foundation in Puducherry for transforming the university into a green campus. Members of the syndicate were nominated to deal with grievances in various spheres of the university.In the wake of opposition from faculty members and staff associations in universities across Tamil Nadu, the Madurai Kamaraj University authorities have reversed their decision to ban meetings of MKU faculty and staff associations.Due to mounting pressure, the university has withdrawn the decision. A statement from registrar (in-charge) K Pitchumani said that the associations could conduct the meetings with prior permission. \"The meetings should be held only after office hours or during holidays,\" a press statement from Pitchumani said.In a circular sent to the faculty members last week, Pichumani had stated, \"The employees of Madurai Kamaraj University are informed that any association meetings in the university campus are not permitted, since the recognition given to various associations have been withdrawn as per the resolution of the syndicate, dated May 30, 2008.\"The ban sparked protests from the faculty members that snowballed into opposition by associations in other universities also. They also submitted memorandums to the Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah to intervene and grant permission to hold the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "15594191", "title": "Hassan homestays come under scanner", "text": "HASSAN: Mushrooming homestays in Hassan district may have benefited locals and given a big boost to tourism. However, there is also a dark underside to the success story.Officials from the local administration and police have struck a note of caution against some unauthorized activities being conducted with impunity in some homestays. They have been viewing with suspicion unauthorized trekking and water sports activities organized in some places.The district, which is known for its virgin greenery and rich habitat, owing to the Western Ghats, houses popular tourist hubs like Sakleshpur, Belur and Alur. These are big getaway destinations for the IT crowd during weekends and nature lovers.Most of the visitors are from Silicon City, Chennai, Mangalore and elsewhere. Over 50 homestays have sprouted in these places but only five of them are authorized.Most of the homestays are run by estate owners, who are able to generate an assured income with minimal investment and risk. There are also low budget vacation homes which promise a rural ambience.However, officials say these homestays encourage illegal trekking into reserve forests, an activity fraught with danger. In February an engineering student from Bangalore illegally entered the forest area and drowned in the Devara Gundi Falls.Department of tourism assistant director Bhaskar said guidelines stipulate that a homestay must have minimum two and maximum five rooms and the owner should reside in the premises. He said officials inspect licensed homestays once a year.\"We have inquired about homestays in the district. Some have taken permission from local panchayats and few from KSTDC. We will meet all home stay owners and check legal documents,\" Amith Singh, SP, Hassan, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597214", "title": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' divorce finalized", "text": "Katie Holmes' divorce from her estranged husband Tom Cruise is officially complete.The 33-year-old actress split from Cruise in June and after less than two weeks, papers were filed and the couple agreed on a settlement.According to E! News, a New York City judge approved the terms of annulment on Monday.Holmes has been awarded primary legal and physical custody of the former couple's six-year-old daughter Suri. Cruise has reportedly been granted \"generous\" visitation rights, Stuff.co.nz reported.The settlement is said to contain stringent rules on how the child will be raised and what religious beliefs she will be exposed to.Cruise's Scientology religion is widely rumoured to have been one of the reasons the former couple's relationship broke down.Holmes and Cruise were married for five years before the breakdown of their relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593891", "title": "65 more web pages with objectionable content blocked", "text": "NEW DELHI: As probe agencies work overtime to collect 'evidence' against groups involved in creating social unrest in India, around 65 more web pages -- including one created in the name of cricketer Imran Khan's political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf - were blocked on Tuesday for spreading hate messages and doctored videos, taking the total number of such pages to 310.All the 65 web pages, carrying morphed images depicting victims of Assam violence, were created between July 20 and 24 when the violence was at its peak in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts. Majority of the pages were uploaded on various host sites in Pakistan.The list of blocked pages originating in Pakistan also includes inflammatory 'postings' at www.yemtv.com (claimed to be a news channel) and morphed images in the name of another Pakistani political outfit Jammat-i-Islami Pakistan.There are a number of web pages in the name of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) like tehreek-e-insaaf and tehreekeinsaaf.kohat. A couple of fake web pages originated in countries like Kenya and Egypt.\"These have nothing to do with the original website of Imran Khan's PTI. It appears that the bloggers might have created this in the name of a celebrity ( Imran Khan ) just to attract more page views,\" said an official.There are a number of other pages that carry fictitious details of alleged atrocities against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. Such pages were, however, created around July 13-16.\"Investigation is going on to reach the real culprits in India where they picked up those morphed pictures and circulated them in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Mumbai to create panic among people of northeast region in the wake of Assam violence,\" the official said.After blocking these sites, Indian agencies contacted Google and Facebook to provide them with 'server' details including IP addresses so that India could share it as 'evidence' with Pakistan. Besides, India has also contacted the US and Saudi Arabia so that the host 'sites' can share details with India through legal channels.\"Letter Rogatory (LR) will also be sent to both these countries in due course. At present, we expect both these countries to cooperate with us under cyber security protocol as per the policy of the host sites whose servers are located in these countries,\" an official said.Responding to the request, a Google spokesperson in India said, \"We act quickly to remove such material flagged by our users. We also comply with valid legal requests from authorities wherever possible, consistent with our longstanding policy.\"The statement also made it clear that content intended to incite violence, such as hate speech, was prohibited on Google products, including YouTube, Google+ and Blogger.Sources in the home ministry said India would be able to share evidence with Pakistan only when it gets it from Facebook and Google. Home secretary R K Singh is learnt to have communicated this to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and apprised him on information about bulk of the morphed images being traced to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15594492", "title": "A more liberal policy sought", "text": "KANNUR: The All Kerala Quarry Association has demanded that the government formulate a policy for the small-time quarries in the state to save the industry from the crisis arising from restrictions on issuing licence. The association will hold a dharna in front of the collectorates in all districts on August 23 to press its demands.\"In the present situation, it will be tough for small quarries to function as we have to get licence from different places - panchayat and pollution control board (PCB), apart from the explosive licence. And now, the Central government has made it mandatory for us to get clearance from the environment ministry,\" said K C Janardhanan, district president of the association.The district administration is not giving explosive licence to quarries and quarry societies, they alleged. Of the 103 quarries that had applied for explosive licence recently, only nine got clearance. There are around 400 quarries in the district and nearly 40,000 people depend on them to make a living, so it's important to protect the industry, they said.They also said the Madhav Gadgil Commission report shouldn't be made applicable to Kerala as no developmental activity would take place in the state once it is implemented. The report proposes a ban on giving new licences for quarrying.They said most of the small quarries functioned in 12 to 25 cents of lands and would not cause any major environmental problem. Hence, small-time quarries should be exempted from the ambit of the PCB, they said. They also refuted the allegations that explosives brought for the quarries were being misused for criminal activities such as bomb manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592881", "title": "Ajni pit line ready. More trains soon?", "text": "NAGPUR: The curtailed and belated Ajni coaching complex was finally commissioned after a two-year delay on Tuesday by Central Railway general manager S K Jain. The coaching complex was slated to be commissioned in December 2010 but as funds were not provided, the mega project was not only curtailed but delayed too depriving new trains to Nagpur.\"You can expect more trains from Nagpur now,\" said Jain while commissioning the project.The original proposal for a coaching complex at Ajni was for four pit lines (where trains are maintained). However, it was curtailed for two pit lines but finally the Central Railway settled down for one pit line and a sick line. Questions on why the proposal has been curtailed remain unanswered?According to PRO PD Patil, currently the Nagpur Central Railway, with two pit lines, maintains at least 10 express/passenger trains. The one at Ajni will be able to maintain 26-coach trains now. The primary maintenance of Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express will be done at Ajni. Its coaches will also be increased.The work on the much-needed Rs8.79 crore coaching complex had started in 2009, but could not be completed in time due to funds crunch. The complex is coming up in three parts.The first part would be an intermediate overhauling (IOH) facility for coaches with two pit lines. Nagpur station has certain constraints and the new facility will be a big boost to the region.The new facility at Ajni is hi-tech. There are pathways to shift linen and other material. The IOH shed will have electrically operated overhead cranes and hydraulic jack system, platform trucks and other equipment. The maintenance of coaches will be done with high pressure jets.\"The coaching complex will increase our rake maintenance capacity and in future more trains can be demanded,\" Jain said.Jain also inspected the route relay interlocking (RRI) at the station which was completed in record time. He also visited the Central Railway Hospital to open the queue management system to benefit patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594065", "title": "DC will hold talks with eye hospital", "text": "MANGALORE: The Udupi district administration is likely to hold talks with the management and doctors of the Kota Charmakki Narayana Shetty Lions Eye Hospital, with regard to an incident where eye operations held in the first week of August at the hospital led to the alleged death of a person and caused infection in six others.On Monday, the culture reports of the items used for eye operations at the hospital had returned negative.District health officer Dr Ramachandra Bairy told TOI that the matter has been brought to the notice of deputy commissioner MT Reju. \"The DC has indicated that he will hold talks with the hospital authorities probably on Wednesday,\" he added.The hospital had carried out cataract eye operations between August 1 and August 3 on 38 persons and among them eight developed infection.Of the eight, Narasimha Shetty, 72, of Airody Village died later. Dr Bairy said the victim had a heart condition and the primary cause of death was cardiac arrest.Sukra (35) from Bhatkal, who underwent the surgery at the hospital has lost his vision. Those who developed infection apart from the two mentioned are: Panju Poojary from Brahmavar, Shivaram Jogi from Giliyaru, Manjunath Udupa from Amparu, Sita Poojary from Kundapur, Girija from Saligrama and Narasa Poojary from Koteshwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593589", "title": "Nadiad LCB busts unit for supplying adulterated spices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Nadiad local crime branch (LCB) and rural police busted a unit near Kamla village for supplying adulterated spices to various highway hotels on Tuesday evening. Police seized stock worth more than Rs 2.5 lakh from the spot.LCB officials said that, working on a tip-off received by sub-inspector N R Brahmbhatt, a team raided Sadguru Sales Company godown and production unit at Kamla village near Nadiad on Tuesday. The team seized a stock of spices as well as a number of adulterants.\"The owner, Ketan Tehalyani, a resident of Nadiad, used to mix coloured sawdust in chili powder, corn flour in turmeric and waste from other spices in garam masala. He confessed that he used to pack the spices under the guise of various brands and sell it to hotels and dhabas on the highway. We intimated food and drugs department about the find,\" said Brahmbhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592365", "title": "Police again fail to get Chaddha\u2019s remand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police once again failed to get MDLR Group manager Aruna Chaddha's remand on Tuesday as the trial court observed they had failed to provide \"fresh and cogent\" reasons for her custodial interrogation in the Geetika Sharma suicide case. Police had sought Chaddha's custody to confront her with former Haryana minister and MDLR Group chief Gopal Goyal Kanda, who is accused of abetting Geetika's suicide.\"The facts and circumstances and material brought on record do not warrant grant of police custody remand at this stage,\" additional chief metropolitan magistrate DK Jangala said while extending the judicial custody of Chaddha, an employee of Kanda, by 14 more days.The court objected to Geetika's postmortem report being leaked to the media despite being \"stated to be in a sealed cover by the IO\". It directed the joint commissioner of police (northern range) to inquire into it.\"Such type of publication interferes in administration of justice. Therefore, I direct the joint commissioner of police (northern range) to ensure that in future any such type of report does not leak to anyone. Jt CP (northern range) is directed to conduct an inquiry regarding the leak of this report to the media and file his report within 7 days in this court,\" the court ordered.This was the second setback for police in two days. On Monday, a magisterial court had denied them permission for Chaddha's custodial interrogation to confront her with Kanda and the documents recovered at his behest after his arrest and custodial interrogation.Additional public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan told the court that during her custodial interrogation Chaddha had lied about her date of joining MDLR Group.\"She had disclosed that she joined the company only a month prior to Geetika, while it has now been discovered that she had joined much earlier,\" he said.The court, however, said no contradictions between Chaddha's disclosure statement and new facts discovered have been brought to its knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15594273", "title": "Fast in Gudalur to protest SC ban", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A day-long token fast was observed by members of all major parties including AIADMK, DMK, MDMK, CPI, CPM and BJP in Gudalur in the Nilgiris, on Tuesday to protest the ban on tourism in Mudumalai Tiger Reserve. The protestors demanded that the state government must appeal against the Supreme Court order banning tourism in the core area in MTR. They also wanted the government to issue pattas for 'janmam' land in Gudalur area as per the earlier court order.\"Through the TOI edition dated Aug 15, we came to know that the state government is all set to declare the buffer zone of the MTR before the Supreme Court hears the case on August 22. We insist that the state government should appeal against the court order and make the court understand that that the core area of MTR is not a thick forest on the whole but included nine panchayats within,\" said N Vasu, CPM Nilgiris district secretariat member. According to Vasu, hundreds of families have been living in these nine panchayats, including Masinagudi and Mudumalai for ages and tourism and agriculture are their main sources of livelihood.A bandh has been proposed in the Gudalur assembly constituency on September 11, if the government fails to act on the demands.Following the apex court order on July 24, tourist activities like jungle rides, elephant rides carried out by the forest department have stopped. The few guest houses located inside the forest area have been closed down by the forest department. There are hardly any tourists in MTR now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15593689", "title": "Crime has dropped, says outgoing police chief", "text": "HUBLI: Incidents of crime have dropped in Hubli-Dharwad, said outgoing police commissioner K Ramchandra Rao at a press conference in Hubli on Tuesday. Crime rate has reduced this year compared to the last few years in twin cities, he said.Rao said that he was satisfied that statistics of road accidents, property disputes, gambling and other crimes have shown a marked decline. The commissioner, who has been transferred to Mysore, said his successor will assume charge on Wednesday. He said he was satisfied with his 20-month stint in Hubli-Dharwad and that 163 old cases had been reopened during the time.\"We have distributed 28 BlackBerry devices to traffic police stations in Hubli-Dharwad and installed solar signals at traffic circle,\" he said, adding many health camps too were conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593069", "title": "Metro digest", "text": "'Assault' by NCP manAn NCP corporator of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) allegedly assaulted a man for campaigning for a rival in the recent civic elections.IPS officer moves HCAn IPS officer who is in a land dispute with a temple's trustees, has moved Bombay HC alleging wrongful confinement after trustees put a lock on the Dombivli property.Hosp staffer fined 25KA public information officer of the civic-run Sion Hospital was fined Rs 25,000 for not providing details sought by an applicant, under Right to Information Act (RTI).Biker rams into busA man, Bunty Rajan Morakan (31), suffered severe injuries after his bike rammed into a moving BEST bus at Chembur Naka on Monday.Body washes ashoreThe body of an unidentified person washed ashore at ferrywharf on Tuesday. Cops said the deceased is around 35 years old.Harbour Line rail snagHarbour Line trains were delayed by 15-20 minutes on Tuesday due to a Kurla signal failure at 8.50pm.'Respond to dam plea'Bombay HC directed MMRDA to respond to a plea alleging dereliction of duty in allowing a private firm to undertake construction on Kalu dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593646", "title": "Tackling waste: Thiruvananthapuram flats show the way", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Over 90 apartment complexes in the city have tied up with the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai) to set up bio-bins in their compounds to tackle the garbage management crisis faced by the capital.\"Four bio-bins have been installed to process the garbage collected from 86 apartment units in our complex. The waste is segregated at source level for which we have provided three buckets -- one to store plastic waste, the second to store waste like hair, coconut fibre and paper that can be burnt and the third for kitchen waste,\" said C M Harshan, secretary of Horizon Park, an apartment complex in the city.The kitchen waste is deposited in a perforated bin which contains lab-cultured bacteria similar to the ones found in manure. When the wet waste comes in contact with the bacteria, it slowly turns into hard and dry compost that can be used as fertilizer. It takes 15 days to complete the process.\"We initially collected Rs 3,000 from each flat owner towards the cost of setting up the bio-bins and the construction of a shed for housing the bins. Now, the only recurring cost is Rs 120 per month, per apartment, which goes towards disposing off the plastic waste and paying the Credai supervisors,\" said Harshan.Plastic collected from the apartments are sealed in sacks and disposed off once in every six months. Simon Cherian, the project manager for Credai, said disposing plastic remains a major worry as it is turning out to be expensive. Around 35% of the apartment complexes in the city which have adopted the bio-bin way of disposing garbage have now tied up with Horticorp to start terrace cultivation using the compost they generate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594143", "title": "Kashmiri Pandit brides for Mangalore brahmin boys", "text": "MANGALORE: Brahmin boys who have remained bachelors for want of girls need not fret. The Kashyapa Yuva Brahmin Vedike, Sullia, has decided to act as matchmaker between the bachelors here and refugee Kashimiri Pandit families in the National Capital Region of Delhi.The idea mooted in March fell through for lack of response. But a Vedike meeting at Sullia two days ago evinced good response, and the body decided to go ahead with the proposal.Vedike president MG Sathyanarayana told TOI: \"More than 150 boys from Kanhangad, Brahmavar, Udupi, Bangalore, Sagar, Belthangady, Puttur, Madikeri and Sullia have registered with us.\"Sathyanarayana visited the Kashmiri Pandit families in 2009 and January 2012. \"I had placed the proposal before a sarpanch (head of 50 families), and he agreed to this idea. There are more than 1 lakh refugees near Delhi,\" he added.According to RC Bhat of the Vedike, a large number of boys are still unmarried because of three reasons: skewed sex ratio; priests, farmers or cooks don't enjoy a good groom market; and grooms not staying with parents are preferred.Sathyanarayana added: \"I don't agree there aren't many girls. Today's girls don't want to live in villages. They want everything easy; so do parents. This is our biggest challenge.\"He said Vedike members will go to Delhi on Sept 3 and meet the sarpanch. \"If talks succeed, then the sarpanch will send a 10-member delegation to Mangalore and interact with the families. If they are satisfied that their girls will be happy here, our boys will get Kashmiri Pandit girls by the year-end,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593211", "title": "Doctors held for maid\u2019s torture; mom may only be questioned", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested a female doctor in the maid torture case on Tuesday, but decided not to take her mother into custody due to her age. The police produced the accused before court, where she was released on bail.The police had booked Tanaz Irani and her mother Gover for causing hurt with dangerous weapons and wrongful restraint on Friday. They allegedly poured boiling water on their maid and inflicted injuries on her with a knife. The police said they would only question Grover about the incident as she is a senior citizen.Tanaz claimed during police questioning that the maid was told to leave the job as she often fell ill.Nicholas Almeida, a former corporator, led a morcha to the Oshiwara police station on Tuesday and submitted a memorandum seeking stronger action. Almeida said, \"The police should apply non-bailable sections. It's surprising the accused got released on bail a day after committing such a serious offence. We will approach a higher court.\"The police said they have recorded several witnesses' statements. The police had questioned the victim's relatives and examined under what circumstances the victim was referred to the Iranis. Tanaz's s friend had referred the victim to the Iranis and she had been staying with them for a few months.On Wednesday, Tanaz called her friend and told her to take the victim home as she was unfit.The friend was surprised when she noticed the maid's condition and discussed the issue with local social workers, who helped the woman file a police complaint.The Iranis had hired the maid last year but told her to leave as she was unfit. However, they again engaged her and allegedly forced her to do household chores.The victim told the police that the accused would scald her and cut her skin with knives when they found her work unsatisfactory. A medical examination revealed she had sustained serious burns and cut injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594573", "title": "Eve-teasing: Youth stabbed to death", "text": "INDORE: A youth was stabbed to death while another was seriously injured in a broad daylight incident in front of Hanuman Mandir in Anand Nagar area under the jurisdiction of Rajendra Nagar police, here on Tuesday.The deceased has been identified as Rahul, son of Suresh Dangi, while his injured friend is Ankit, son of Rajendra Agrawal. Agrawal has been admitted to MY Hospital.Police said that Sanju and his friends used to tease Ankit's sister. She informed this to Ankit and on Tuesday, Ankit, along with Rahul, went to Sanju's place at around 12.45 pm and asked him not to trouble his sister. Soon a brawl followed. It took a violent turn when the accused Sanju stabbed Rahul and Ankit. Rahul succumbed to the injuries while he was being rushed to a hospital.The cops have booked Sanju and his friends under relevant sections of IPC. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15591998", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation may skip trial run for Jaipur Metro", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is studying the possibilities of skipping the trial run for the Jaipur Metro. The move follows DMRC's initiative to ensure that the deadline for the final run of the Metro is met.As the civil construction work of 9.25 km long Jaipur Metro corridor (Mansarovar to Chandpole) is already delayed at least by four months, the DMRC is mulling an alterative plan to run the coaches already in operation on the Delhi Metro routes.Lalit Meghnani, project director, said, \"If we bring the operational coaches from the Delhi Metro the initial trial run will not be required as they are already tested\". He added, \"The trial run takes four to six months and we can manage the gap by putting coaches which are already tested and approved.\"Sources in the department claimed that the planning is on to fulfill the commitment of running the Metro on time as it is the most ambitious project of the state government. Various options are being identified to cut-short the time without compromising on quality.\"The coaches brought from Delhi Metro will run only for a short period and later will be replaced by the new coaches sourced from Bharat Earth Movers Limited. Later the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct oscillation trials for new coaches in Jaipur,\" said source.However, coaches customized for the Jaipur Metro have shorter radius due to sharp curves on the track. Still the officials feel that operational coaches of Delhi Metro can be used with some speed restrictions in Jaipur.\"Coaches for Jaipur Metro have different wheel profile. They are modified to bear less wear and tear on the sharp curves. If we put Delhi Metro coaches on Jaipur track then we will have to compromise with the speed on steep curves of 120 metre radius. But this should not be an issue for the few initial months,\" added sources.The DMRC was planning to complete all the civil work before December 2012 as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct a number of oscillation trials. However, due to various setbacks, the civil construction is not expected to be completed.\"There are provisions by which we can manage time ahead and start Jaipur Metro on scheduled time. We will approach the ministry of railways in February and request them,\" said Meghnani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593827", "title": "Parties back promotion quota for dalits; SP dissents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government will amend the Constitution to restore reservation in promotions for dalits, with the political class barring Samajwadi Party and National Conference joining hands to back it at the all-party meeting on Tuesday.Although the parties did not fix a timeline on when the Centre should bring the constitutional amendment bill in Parliament, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured BSP chief Mayawati and LJP's Ramvilas Paswan that government would try to meet their demand to introduce the legislation in the ongoing session.\"We will try to bring the bill in this session itself,\" minister of state in the PMO V Narayasamy told TOI after the meeting.'Quota in promotion' for SCs and STs was in force before coming under threat following a Supreme Court judgment in April which stressed that in order to continue with them, government needed to establish with \"quantifiable data\" that dalits and tribals were sufficiently \"backward\" and inadequately represented in public services.The insistence surprised dalit parties and activists because there is unanimity that criteria of \"representation\" and \"backwardness\" were relevant only for OBCs. The debate turned sensitive after many states seized upon SC's April order to stop promotion quota.The overwhelming support for quota at the meeting was marked by demands that it be extended to OBCs. However, the majority did not favour fusing the two, reflecting the consensus that the disability of the dalits and tribals were far more severe for them to be put on the same pedestal as the politically powerful OBCs.The resistance put up by upper caste lobbies in Congress and BJP was also ignored by the leadership.However, Samajwadi chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and brother Ramgopal Yadav were vocal in opposing the move, arguing it led to social heartburn and vitiated social harmony. They argued that all top positions in \"work departments\" in Uttar Pradesh were occupied by SCs, with OBCs and general candidates unable to move beyond the rank of superintending engineer.However, the Yadav duo faced a sharp riposte from Paswan who said Mulayam showed no concern for heartburn among officials belonging to general category when he championed implementation of Mandal report for reservation for OBCs in government.Though armed with a political consensus, the Centre faces a tricky challenge of drafting a statute amendment which would stand legal scrutiny. The government has been worried that apex court had found fault with more than one constitutional change. BJP's Sushma Swaraj cautioned that government should take care to ensure that the legislation passed judicial muster.It is feared that a simplistic attempt to block applicability of the criteria of 'adequate representation' and 'backwardness' to promotion quota would invite legal scrutiny from the apex court since the latter had stressed on their importance in two separate judgments.JD(U) seized the occasion to seek quota for OBCs along with DMK. BJP backed the move wholeheartedly. DMK's T R Baalu said a separate bill should be brought for backwards, reminding that in 1995, social justice minister Sitaram Kesri, who later became the Congress chief, had assured the parliament to this effect.Sources said Paswan told the PM that nobody could take away reservation that were secured by Ambedkar, claiming there could have been a \"achhootistan\" (state of untouchables) if it was not given.JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav stressed with figures how backward castes representation in A and B category of services were low, hovering around 5.5% and 3.9% in central services. While he did not oppose SC/ST quota, he was seen to demand similar benefit for OBCs.Times ViewCaste-based reservations have historically played a role in giving section that have been socially oppressed for centuries an opportunity to overcome their handicap. However, there is a point beyond which what seems to be affirmative action can actually start becoming counter-productive. Giving the disadvantaged a leg up in getting jobs is one thing, guaranteeing them promotions on the basis of quotas is quite another. It would seriously erode the principle of equity which it ostensibly seeks to advance and affect efficiency of government services. Political parties must have the intellectual integrity to acknowledge this and not succumb to the temptation of playing populist politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15597791", "title": "Telecom industry fully adheres to new emission norms: COAI", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), the industry body representing GSM players, reaffirmed that the Indian telecom industry is fully compliant the new emission norms proposed by the Department of Telecom. The telecom industry in India has always been proactive to adopt and ensure compliance with the international safety standards on EMF exposure limits, upholding public health and environment as its foremost concern, COAI said in a statement.Recently, when the inter ministerial committee, as a precautionary measure, recommended that the standards be lowered to 1/10th of the present ICNIRP standards (which is considered to be the safest in the world with over 90% of the countries having adopted the ICNIRP guidelines); despite there being no scientific evidence stating any increased health benefit from the proposed directive, the industry has gone an extra mile to ensure compliance with the same, COAI said.Rajan S Mathews, Director General, COAI said, \"Being sensitive to the concerns of the people, the industry voluntarily undertook proactive measures and underwent a massive transition in its network infrastructure which was redesigned significantly to meet the prescribed norms. He further reiterated that considering the scarce spectrum resources available in India compared to the other countries, population density and traffic it was an extremely difficult task in itself.\"He assured that, \"The industry has always been compliant of the exposure limits and will continue to work actively along with the DoT to ensure that compliance is maintained in this area. We are hopeful that our partnership with the government will continue in this sphere to assuage the concerns that the public have regarding the health effects of EMF emissions from mobile towers and ensure that they are informed of the true scientific facts on the matter and be assured that their safety is being safeguarded with utmost sincerity and priority by the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15598178", "title": "Hovercrafts in Loktak a threat to birds: Experts", "text": "IMPHAL: Imported hovercrafts, which were deployed in the Loktak lake here to flush out militants, are now frightening off migratory birds and making the fragile ecosystem of the area inhospitable for the winged guests.The presence of 3 hovercrafts - vehicles that can be driven both over water and land - which were procured from the US a year ago are scaring away the birds from the biggest freshwater lake in the northeast say ornithologists and environmentalists.According to a latest study by the Imphal-based Centre for Conservation of Nature and Cultivation of Science, the diversity and population of birds have reduced drastically.Ornithologist R K Birjit Singh, who led the research, told PTI that noise pollution is the biggest drawback of the hovercrafts.\"Any sound above 85 decibel has the potential to harm not only the habitat of water birds but also to the anatomy and physiology of the birds. But these hovercrafts are producing noise at the rate of 104 decibel to 120 decibel like jet engines,\" he says.Each winter, thousands of birds from the northern hemisphere migrate to the picturesque freshwater Loktak lake, spread across 286 sq km area across the three valley districts of Imphal West, Thoubal and Bishnupur.Facing ecological challenges, the wetland is designated as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15593524", "title": "Address our grievances: Buyers", "text": "NOIDA: Following the TOI report that developers of some projects along the Yamuna Expressway have been booking housing units even without getting their layout plan approved, a buyers' association on Tuesday wrote to Yamuna Expressway Authority CEO Rama Raman seeking his intervention in the issue.Even homebuyers of Noida Extension witnessing cancellation of their housing units by builders on flimsy reasons sent a reminder to CREDAI and Greater Noida Authority for issuing guidelines in the matter.\"If the developers have been booking units without approval, then it amounts to cheating. This needs to stop and the Authority can play a vital role to control this problem,\" said an office bearer of the buyers' body. Thousands of homebuyers have already invested in various projects along the Yamuna Expressway.The Noida Extension association of homebuyers has also threatened that it would organize a dharna in front of the office of NCR Planning Board in New Delhi because there has been an inordinate delay by the federal body in granting final clearance to the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 of Greater Noida Authority.\"Despite the technical committee of the planning board having cleared the Master Plan around two months back, the final nod is yet to be given by board members,\" said general secretary of a buyers' body, Shweta Bharti. \"If the plan is not passed by the board within this week, we will stage a dharna in Delhi on August 27,\" she added.The association members have written to the NCRPB demanding a meeting with homebuyers at the earliest and explain as to what has been the reason behind the delay in according final clearance to the plan.After their protests on August 12 in Noida Extension, homebuyers had been assured by the CREDAI that a meeting would be held between builders and buyers to find the best-possible way out of this impasse.Till date, there has been no meeting organized between homebuyers and builders over the issue of arbitrary cancellation as has been complained by many who have booked housing units. Homebuyers have now demanded of the Greater Noida Authority to provide details of developers who have defaulted on payments.\"We have filed an RTI demanding the Authority to provide details of developers who have defaulted on payments. If they are cancelling our allotments on the basis of defaulting on payments, the Authority should also cancel their allotments for the same reason,\" said Bharti.As per the record maintained by the Yamuna Expressway Authority, there are 19 group housing projects proposed by several developers in the area. However, only two developers have managed to get their layout plans approved. In a clear violation of norms, the rest of the developers have been booking flats on a massive scale in the expressway area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592069", "title": "Health department seeks report on doctors guilty of prescribing spurious medicine", "text": "JAIPUR: Acting on revelations made by the police, the medical and health department has sought a report from the SN Medical College's principal in Jodhpur over the allegations that some doctors prescribed spurious medicine to patients to earn hefty commissions.At least 12 doctors of Mathura Das Mathur Hospital and Mahatma Gandhi Hospital in Jodhpur are suspected to be in connivance with a fake-medicine racket that was busted by police three months ago.The police are likely to book these doctors under various sections of the IPC if the charges against them, including preparing spurious medicines for a commission, are proved.\"A report has been sought from the SN Medical College's principal Dr Arvind Mathur on the police findings. If these allegations are true, then department action will be taken against the doctors involved in the crime,\" a senior health department officer said. A preliminary report was received by the department on Tuesday, sources said. Now the medical college authorities are preparing a detailed report.The college authorities are in touch with the police to know more about the revelations made by some accused men who were members of the racket and arrested by the police. These accused had told police that the doctors prescribed spurious medicines, especially an antibiotic injection, 'Maroperam', for two years before the gang was busted. Police said at least 12 doctors have been identified, some of whom used to earn over Rs 3 lakh per month as commission.The police had seized nearly 1,000 Maroperam injections from a drug store on May 26 and arrested seven people including the kingpin, Rajesh Purohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15593926", "title": "CCTV cameras to ward off baby stealers", "text": "BELGAUM: Rising incidents of crimes like thefts in maternity wards and stealing of newborn babies at Belgaum's BIMS Hospital have led hospital authorities to opt for CCTV cameras to check criminals.Last week, a man in the guise of a doctor, entered the maternity ward and robbed two expectant mothers of their gold ornaments including mangalasutra, on the pretext of examining them. He asked them to remove their ornaments before giving them an injection and later told them to lie down for 30 minutes. When the women woke up, they realized they had been conned.Similarly, a month ago, a newborn was stolen from her mother's arms, within five hours of its birth. A woman donning a nurse's uniform took the baby away from her mother on the pretext of vaccination and walked away.Following repeated such crime incidents, hospital authorities said CCTV cameras will be installed at the entrance of maternity ward and in the corridors, as a precautionary measure.S T Kalasad, superintendent of the hospital, said, \"We are installing eight CCTV cameras at the entrance of two maternity wards and the corridor, in order to keep watch on the visitors. Already, CCTV cameras have been fixed in the children's ward.\" He said authorities are also installing boards warning patients to beware of such dubious people and to alert authorities if they sense any suspicious behaviour.Administration lapseHowever, a senior police officer has blamed administration lapse in the hospital, due to which such incidents are recurring. \"How is it that information about delivery reaches thieves within an hour? These incidents can't happen without the connivance of staff inside the hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592396", "title": "CBI may register multiple FIRs in coalgate scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to register more than one FIR in the alleged irregularities in allocation of coal blocks after it came across several cases of violation of norms by state government officials and allottees. The agency has already questioned senior bureaucrats who were overseeing allocation of coal blocks between 2006 and 2009, CBI sources said.The agency is also taking into cognizance the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) report on the alleged coal block scam, which was tabled in Parliament last Friday. The sources, however, made it clear that CBI would not be going into policy issues but will limit its role to aspects where criminality could be established.It has also questioned members of screening committee, including secretaries and joint secretary in the ministry. The questioning of the coal secretaries, who also chair the screening committee, was carried out to understand the issues involved in the allocation of coal blocks during the period. However, so far, the agency has not found any irregularity.The CBI has shortlisted around 15 companies which allegedly violated norms of allotment of coal blocks and questioning of their officials is going on.The agency has registered the Preliminary Enquiry (PE), which is the first step of initiating the CBI probe, against unknown persons in connection with a complaint referred to it by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).Allocation of coal blocks is done through an inter-ministerial inter-governmental body called the screening committee chaired by the coal secretary. It includes the secretaries of nine ministries having interests in coal, besides heads of various PSUs and chief secretaries of coal-supplying states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15594799", "title": "Eid celebrated with festive spirit", "text": "KANPUR: Happiness marked the celebrations of Eid-ul-Fitr in the industrial city on Monday. The dull atmosphere prevailing in the city normalized with Muslims involved in worship, charity and communal gatherings.People, dressed in white, participated in the prayer held at Badi-Idgah Ground on Monday morning. Gifts and sweets were exchanged after the prayer.After offering Namaz, people relished the taste of delicious 'Sewain', prepared especially for the occasion. Several other mouth-watering delicacies were prepared at home.The celebrations strengthened the bond of love and brotherhood among the citizens. The younger lot conveyed their Eid wishes through messages and e-greetings to their relatives in different cities and countries.A very important feature of Eid is Eidi, the money given by the elders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15595988", "title": "Government should act with caution against social media", "text": "Some websites and social media have been used by various groups to incite violence or fuel insecurity in an already tense situation. The government is right in seeking to put a stop to this kind of anti-national activity. However, it must not use this opportunity to also shut down whatever it finds uncomfortable or embarrassing for itself. Sites that lampoon or parody the government or political leaders cannot be treated on par with those that are deliberately creating a law and order problem. Some parodies may well be in bad taste but that is no reason for the government to act heavy-handed with them. This will only reduce the credibility of the rest of its effort and signal to the rest of the world that India is an illiberal society.Related story:  Centre, Twitter in face-off over PMO parody accounts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594716", "title": "Senior NIA officer\u2019s email hacked", "text": "NEW DELHI: The email ID of a senior officer of India's premier anti-terror agency National Investigation Agency (NIA) was hacked by cyber miscreants on Tuesday.The email ID of IG Loknath Behara was hacked and several people in his mailing list were sent rabid mails of casino slots.Sources said the officer has changed his password and an investigation is on to find how the email was hacked. Behara is one of the founders of NIA and has had an long career in CBI and elsewhere. The Purulia arms drop was one of the big cases he investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595140", "title": "Presidency College students get bail", "text": "CHENNAI:: Thirty-two students of Presidency College, arrested for roaming near Central station with clubs and sticks in a reported bid to attack students of a rival college, are to be released from prison on Wednesday morning.The XIII metropolitan magistrate's court in Egmore granted bail to the students on Tuesday on a petition filed by the college administration.\"We moved the bail petition for all the students,\" principal Dr R Sabanayagam told TOI.Earlier in the morning, parents and relatives of the arrested students staged a sit-in at the college demanding move a petition for the release of their wards. They submitted a representation to the principal.Police say that despite repeated warnings, many Presidency College students continue to create trouble. The college does act against troublemakers but is forced to bow to pressure from the student community, they add.Police, too, had in the past acted against 'bus day' celebrations but couldn't sustain the pressure.On Friday evening, 32 Presidency College students, found with clubs near Central station where hordes of people from the northeast were on their way home, were arrested. Seeing police, the students scattered but were chased and caught. They told police they had come to attack a students of another college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595260", "title": "College teachers to retire at 60 with all benefits", "text": "KOLKATA: The college teachers in state will retire at the age of 60 years with all the benefits, including the 80% arrears lying with the Centre, which had insisted that if the retirement age is not extended to 65 years, the arrears won't be released to Bengal.\"I met the human resources and development minister Kapil Sibal last year and urged him to leave the decision on teachers' retirement age to individual state governments. He had asked me to write a letter to the Centre stating the demand. Accordingly, I had written to the HRD ministry,\" said education minister Bratya Basu.According to state government sources, a reply was received from the Union minister on Tuesday where it has been stated that the Centre would release the arrears even if the state decides to stick to the existing retirement age of 60 years for the college teachers.A senior higher education department official explained, \"Between January 1, 2006 and March 31, 2010, the amount of accumulated arrears, a result of revision in pay scale, is huge. On Tuesday, we have received a letter from the Union ministry in which they have agreed that the retirement age of college teachers is in the domain of the state. They will accept the decision of West Bengal and release 80% arrears, which is equivalent to almost Rs 6,000 crore.\" Over 13,000 college teachers will benefit from the Centre's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598948", "title": "Anahi makes US debut as shoe designer", "text": "Mexican actress and singer Anahi is making her US debut as a designer and businesswoman with her own line of shoes oriented toward Latino women.\"I'm super happy to launch in the US the sale of shoes by catalogue where Latino women can select from among a great variety and according to their tastes,\" Anahi told EFE.The publicity campaign began Tuesday in the US and the artist is offering her footwear designs via the online store aviesta.com.\"I make suggestions with drawings of the shoes' designs so that Latino women see them as pretty, like the ones the celebrities use on the red carpets, but at prices accessible to everybody,\" she said.\"Four years ago we began to offer my shoe designs in Mexico, but via the Facebook page and other social networks the girls in the US have been asking me when I was going to expand the service ... here,\" the artist added.Born May 14, 1983, in Mexico City , Anahi Giovanna Puente Portilla made her acting debut at the age of two in the children's television series \"Chiquilladas\" before going on to appear in eight films and 11 soap operas.Anahi was later part of the musical group RBD, formed with other members of the artistic cast of the soap operas for young people, which was nominated for a Latino Grammy.This year Maxim magazine dubbed her \"the sexiest woman in the world\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598970", "title": "Abhishek Tewari to enter Balika Vadhu", "text": "A few days ago, Shiv's ( Siddharth Shukla) family was introduced in Color's TV's Balika Vadhu to give the show an interesting turn. And now we hear that the show will soon see the arrival of a new family member.The tall and dashing Abhishek Tewari, who rose to fame with Rajan Shahi's Chand Chupa Badal Mein , is all set to enter the show as Maahi. As already seen on the show, the preparations for Shiv and Anandi's engagement ceremony are in full swing.Now in the upcoming episode, Shiv's younger brother Maahi played by Abhishek, will visit the family. Maahi is an aspiring cricketer who is crazy about the game. He is fun-loving and is a Casanova but at the same time, he handles critical situations maturely. The makers are also planning to introduce a new love story. Maahi eventually falls in love with that girl who likes Shiv.When contacted, Abhishek said, \"I am very excited and happy to be a part of Balika. I have been watching Balika Vadhu from the time when I was not even a part of the television industry. So when I was offered the role I straight away said yes without even knowing my role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592177", "title": "Rape victim threatened, told to withdraw case", "text": "JAIPUR: Men is khaki are always under scanner. This time it's about a police station (Kho Nagarian) that was inaugurated on August 15!Within days of its inaguration, the \"way\" the cops handled a rape case has put the functioning of Jaipur police commissionerate in a spot. A rape victim started getting threats to withdraw the case hours after she lodged a case with the newly built PS. Within hours of lodging an FIR some rowdies allegedly led by one Lunia Meena barged into the victim's house and asked her to withdraw the case. They also broke some items of the 23-year-old victim's house.When the victim and her family raised an alarm the rowdies fled in their vehicle. The victim approached the police again who have lodged a fresh case of attack against some persons.\"A case has been lodged and an investigation is on to nab the assailants,\" said an officer with the Pratap Nagar police station.Meanwhile, Lunia Meena and others have also lodged a counter FIR against the woman and her family for having attacked them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592716", "title": "Civic agencies get HC rap over desilting", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day the city reeled under waterlogging woes, the Delhi high court pulled up civic agencies for not taking measures to desilt drains. An unhappy HC asked the three municipal corporations and NDMC to record all maps related to the drainage system and bring them to court by August 28.\"Drains have to be cleaned. There are no short-term measures to stop waterlogging. If you don't know the number of drains in the area, how will you clean them?,\" a division bench of justices S K Kaul and Vipin Sanghi asked after the erstwhile MCD failed to file the status report. The civic body claimed that long-term plans under Masterplan 2021 could solve the problem. \"Year after year the problem of waterlogging occurs. You cannot ask citizens to wait for implementation of your long-term plans,\" the bench said .HC made the observations while hearing a plea by NGO Nyaya Bhoomi president B B Sharan to launch contempt proceedings against officials for their alleged failure in complying with the court's July 11 order. HC had told officials to take steps to stop waterlogging in 15 days. The court was hearing two PILs, filed by the NGO and advocate Gaurav Bansal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593203", "title": "Malwani cops nab 4", "text": "MUMBAI: Four armed men were arrested by the Malwani police on Monday while preparing to commit a dacoity. Investigations revealed that the men also broke into a flat at Charkop and stole gold ornaments a few hours earlier. Mohammad Gaus Shaikh, Sakib Shaikh, Sabir alias Sonu Shaikh and Salman Shaikh, all in their 20s, are from Malwani. Senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh said choppers, knives and a rod have been recovered from the dacoits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592798", "title": "Cops grill Kakkar\u2019s model girlfriend", "text": "MUMBAI: Police on Tuesday questioned murdered aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar's girlfriend, model and small-time actress Rosalyn Khan to get a clue about accused Vijay Palande's third victim, whose skull was found at the Kumbharli ghats near Chiplun.The police asked Khan whether Kakkar had any friend at his place whenever she visited him. Cops suspect that Palande, along with his associates, must have killed the third victim in Kakkar's flat and dumped the body at the ghats.Khan said, \"I have told the cops that Kakkar used to be alone whenever I visited his house.\" The police have checked if anyone among Kaakar's contacts has gone missing, but they have drawn a blank. Evidence indicates that the third victim had some connection with Kakkar, a police officer said.On March 5, Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde had allegedly killed Kakkar in his flat at Oberoi Springs in Andheri (W). The accused allegedly chopped the body into pieces and dumped them at the ghats. The police recovered the torso and skull from the ghats. However, forensic examination revealed that only the torso belonged to Kakkar.The police have checked the missing persons' record in the city and neighbouring districts for clues about the identity of the victim whose skull was found. Cops have resumed quizzing witnesses who were known to Kakkar.Khan informed the police that a video of Kakkar at a music recording had been uploaded on the net. She said, \"Somebody is promoting Kakkar after his death. Cops should check who has uploaded the video.\"Palande and Shinde are in the crime branch custody, but they have not confessed to their involvement in the third murder case. They have been insisting that the skull belongs to Kakkar.The police will produce Palande and Shinde before a court on Wednesday and move an application to seek permission to conduct narco tests on them.The two accused have confessed to their involvement in Kakkar's murder case. The accused were taken to the ghats twice by police teams. Shinde helped the police recover the torso and Palande helped them recover the skull. The police have already filed a chargesheet in the Kakkar case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592978", "title": "Govt to withdraw cases against farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A delegation of farmers led by Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) leader Rakesh Tikait met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday and sought revocation of cases lodged against them. In its 14-point charter of demands, the delegation asked the chief minister to declare Rs 390 as the minimum support price of sugarcane, give loan waiver to drought-hit farmers, revoke cases against farmers among others.The chief minister told the delegation that the state government has already decided to withdraw cases lodged against farmers during the Mayawati government.Akhilesh said the government will soon constitute farmers commission as declared in the party manifesto and assured farmers that their demands would be taken care of by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594789", "title": "Centre likely to increase target of awarding highway projects with government funding", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is likely to increase the target of awarding highway projects with government funding \u2014 from the existing target of 3,000 km to more than 4,000 km. The highways ministry is considering the move because fears abound that the economic slowdown could derail the target on public-private partnership (PPP) mode.So far, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has been able to award about 270 km. \"We have identified over 3,000 km for engineering-procurement-construction (EPC) projects. Other stretches which would not go on build-operate-transfer (BOT-toll) or BOT-annuity could be bid out on EPC mode. NHAI has enough fund to undertake these projects,\" a ministry official said.NH works on EPC mode would be soon awarded by the Authority. NHAI officials said that the finance ministry would soon approve the document for financial bidding. \"We don't want to put any cap on the number of bidders for this project,\" highways secretary A K Upadhyay had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15595987", "title": "Stop grandstanding, let Parliament function", "text": "The CAG's reports have flagged some very serious issues indeed. The opposition parties have a right to demand that the government provide some answers to the questions raised. However, this is best achieved by letting Parliament function and then putting the government on the mat. Ensuring that it does not function serves no purpose. On the contrary, it means that public money being spent on Parliament is getting wasted while political parties indulge in grandstanding instead of doing their duty towards those whom they claim to represent. What we need is less posturing and more serious probing.Related story : Loss figure not sacrosanct, we are open to debate, CAG says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15597752", "title": "Telecom Industry fully compliant with new stringent emission norms: COAI", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), the industry body representing GSM players reaffirmed that the Indian telecom industry is fully compliant the new emission norms proposed by the Department of Telecom. The telecom industry in India has always been proactive to adopt and ensure compliance with the international safety standards on EMF exposure limits, upholding public health and environment as its foremost concern, COAI said in a statement.Recently, when the inter ministerial committee, as a precautionary measure, recommended that the standards be lowered to 1/10th of the present ICNIRP standards (which is considered to be the safest in the world with over 90% of the countries having adopted the ICNIRP guidelines); despite there being no scientific evidence stating any increased health benefit from the proposed directive, the industry has gone an extra mile to ensure compliance with the same, COAI said.Rajan S Mathews, Director General, COAI said, \"Being sensitive to the concerns of the people, the industry voluntarily undertook proactive measures and underwent a massive transition in its network infrastructure which was redesigned significantly to meet the prescribed norms. He further reiterated that considering the scarce spectrum resources available in India compared to the other countries, population density and traffic it was an extremely difficult task in itself.\"He assured that, \"The industry has always been compliant of the exposure limits and will continue to work actively along with the DoT to ensure that compliance is maintained in this area. We are hopeful that our partnership with the government will continue in this sphere to assuage the concerns that the public have regarding the health effects of EMF emissions from mobile towers and ensure that they are informed of the true scientific facts on the matter and be assured that their safety is being safeguarded with utmost sincerity and priority by the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15594488", "title": "Gulf passengers arrive, but not their luggage", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Hundreds of expatriates from the Gulf who landed in Karipur hoping to enjoy their Eid and Onam holidays at home, have had their vacation plans ruined owing to their baggage going 'missing'.And this is happening because, flights from the Gulf which operate at peak capacity this season, have been offloading baggage just before take off.Around 500 cases of missing baggage have been reported by passengers of national carrier Air India alone in the past one week, forcing passengers to wait for days to get their belongings.Jabir V, who arrived from UAE this week, said he had had to wait for two days to get his baggage.\"I was shocked to find my baggage missing after I landed in Karipur. Several people in the flight had the same experience. We were later told that the airline had offloaded the baggage in Dubai and we would have to wait for two days to get it. I had come home on a short trip for Eid, and having to spend a couple of days to retrieve my luggage was heartbreaking,\" he said.Meanwhile, airline officials said as all the flights are fully booked, it is difficult to always bring along the entire baggage of the passengers on the same flight itself.Further, as the soaring temperatures in the Gulf countries limit the take-off load of aircraft, airlines are forced to offload baggage to reduce weight.\"Overcast skies during the monsoon season in Kerala necessitate flights to carry extra fuel. This also impacts the load-bearing capacity of an aircraft. Since the priority is to carry maximum number of passengers, luggage will have to be left behind sometimes,\" said Govindan Kutty, station manager, Air India, Kozhikode.\"But we have now cleared 95% of the backlog in delivery of luggage, and we hope to normalize baggage delivery within a day or two,\" he said.Shamsudhin K K, an expat from Chavakkad, said airlines should at least show the basic courtesy of informing passengers beforehand if they are unable to carry passengers' baggage in the same flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15592033", "title": "Thane, Mumbai eves enter semifinals", "text": "LATUR: Things went according to script on the opening day of the Maharashtra State Inter-District Senior Badminton Championship at the Divisional Sports Complex here on Tuesday. Defending champions Thane, title favourites Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Association (MSDBA), Nagpur and Pune eves stormed into the semifinals. All the four teams recorded identical 2-0 wins over their respective opponents in the quarterfinals.In the semifinals scheduled to be played on Wednesday morning, Thane will clash with Pune, while MSDBA will take on Nagpur. In the men's section, seeded teams booked their respective places in the quarterfinals without any hiccups. Champions for the last nine years, Thane along with MSDBA, Pune, Greater Mumbai (GMBA), Nagpur, Kolhapur and Sangli all advanced with 3-0 wins in the pre- quarterfinals.The match of the day turned out to be between Latur and Nashik. The hosts fought back gallantly from 0-2 to level the scores 2-2. However in the fifth and deciding match, Nashik came out winners to dash the hopes of home team. Nashik will face Pune in the quarters.Results (Women's quarterfinals)Thane bt Aurangabad 2-0 (Jui Agaskar bt Piyusha Ghumte 21-8, 21-5; Sai Pitre-Vallari Bukane bt Aditi Bhandari-Rashmi Jain 21-3, 21-8). Nagpur bt Jalgaon 2-0 (Mrunmayi Saoji bt Jagruti Chaudhari 21-4, 21-5; Varada Dixit-Aditi Pandit bt Jagruti Chaudhari-Mridha Poddar 21-4, 21-6). Pune bt Solapur 2-0 (Rucha Nikam bt Tanmayi Shinde 21-10, 21-14; Rucha Nikam-Shruti Mundada bt Tanmayi Shinde-Riya Pawar 21-14, 21-9). MSDBA bt Parbhani 2-0 (Sonal More bt Pooja Ghuge 21-2, 21-4; Riya Pillai-Ridhi Panjwani bt Pooja Ghuge-Anuja Deshmukh 21-2, 21-3).Men's quarterfinal line-up: Thane vs Sangli; MSDBA vs Nagpur; Pune vs Nashik; GMBA bt Kolhapur. Women's semifinal line-up Thane vs Pune; Nagpur vs MSDBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594895", "title": "Firm told to pay Rs 1.95L for delay in settling insurance claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unwarranted delay in settling the insurance claim of the vehicle proved costly for an insurance company as consumer forum here has termed it as deficiency in service and directed it to pay the complainant a relief of Rs 1,45,000 and compensation of Rs 40,000.According to the complaint, Subhash Sharma, a resident of Sector 38, had got his Maruti car insured with Iffco Tokio general insurance company for the period from December 8, 2007 to December 7, 2008. The vehicle was insured for the sum of Rs 1,55,000.\"My car met with an accident on December 4, 2008 and it got damaged badly. I immediately reported the matter to the police and also intimated the insurance company regarding the accident. The insurance company appointed a surveyor, who inspected the car and prepared the report regarding the loss,\" said Sharma.\"For settling the claim, the surveyor suggested to give Rs 1,45,000 on a total loss basis. I agreed but later opposition party's surveyor retrieved. Instead, he suggested finalizing the claim on cash loss basis for Rs 1 lakh, but I refused,\" said Sharma.Sharma added that opposition party deliberately delayed the matter, which caused excessive wear and tear to the accidental vehicle and it became beyond repair. Thereafter, the complainant moved the consumer forum against the insurance company. In the reply filed by the insurance company, it was stated that instead of getting the vehicle repaired, the complainant took it to his house. They said they were ready and willing to repair, but the complainant deliberately did not come to them.However, after listening to arguments and going through documentary records, forum maintained that the opposite party had unnecessarily delayed the matter without any valid ground and also their surveyor failed to assess the right loss of the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15594169", "title": "Walking the heritage trail", "text": "MADURAI: Two years ago, A Muthukrishnan, a Madurai-based writer on developmental issues, felt the need to create more awareness about preserving the important monuments nestled in the hillocks surrounding the city. So along with his friends and peers, he started a group called Green Walk, where people could trudge along the roads less travelled and learn about the often neglected heritage sites. What was started as a small group of 30 persons has grown into a strong group of 300 at present.The Green Walkers meet on every fourth week of the month to journey to historical monuments like the Jain Caves and other archaeological sites that are under constant threat of indiscriminate granite mining in the district. Upon reaching the spot, the members attend a lecture delivered by retired archaeological scholar, C Santhalingam about the place, after which they go trekking in the hills. For the next trip scheduled on August 26, the group plans to go to Madakulam tank near the city which is believed to be 2,000 years old with ancient inscriptions and will also trek to the nearby hillock.Muthukrishnan says the idea for the group emerged as he was writing on various ecological issues and wanted to create a forum to sensitise people on local environmental factors. \"It was a spontaneous venture among our peer group which grew into a larger group and even women and children come in good number at present,\" he says. The historical monuments in the hillocks are the hidden history of the society and it is important that these places are preserved with efforts taken by the community Muthukrishnan says.\"Members of Green Walk supported the struggle of the local people to preserve historical sites like the Yanaimalai and Arittapatti hillocks. It is a very positive sign and now friends and relatives of our members also join in,\" archaeological scholar Santhalingam says. The members come from varied backgrounds and include students, entrepreneurs, housewives, photographers and scholars. \"It is a great initiative and I casually joined them during their seventh walk. The members are sensitised about the historical importance of the surrounding hillocks and the walk is very educative, especially for children,\" says Sriram Janak, a wild life photographer from Madurai. \"As a photographer, I am fascinated by the rock formation of the hillocks and the landscapes,\" he adds.The group also has a Facebook page called GREEN WALK and interested people can join the forum. \"There are no fees to join the group but people can contribute towards the breakfast if they want to. As the next measure, we are trying to expand our limits to adjacent districts. We are also planning to start a trekking club for school and college students to take them to historical places in the district,\" Muthukrishnan says.Green Walk is a small initiative to make people appreciate the local ecology and environment and disseminate knowledge to the younger generation, he says. \"We abuse our land because we regard it only as a commodity belonging to us. The day we perceive our land as a community to which we belong to, we just may begin to use it with love and respect,\" Muthukrishnan sums up with his favourite caption penned for the movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593654", "title": "Onam shopping is a stinking affair here", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Onam shopping at the Chalai market is turning out to be a stinky affair.On Tuesday, the vehicular traffic along the Chalai-Kothuval stretch came to a complete halt as garbage mounds devoured a major portion of the road.With the only dumpyard in the market already choked, the shopkeepers are left with no option but to use the road for dumping waste.The traffic was diverted to avoid chaos but the garbage heaps are yet to be removed from the scene.Caught between the government and the corporation, the merchants are awaiting the worst ever Onam sales ahead. \"It is the festive season we always look forward to in terms of our sales. Now, it is not just about our sales. We are also worried about our health,\" said Mahendran, a city dweller who runs a banana stall right in front of the newly-formed garbage mound on the road.A three-member corporation team had visited the Chalai market on Sunday, and apprised the government of the situation.\"We have no other alternative. We tried to transfer the waste to other places. But everywhere people are coming up in protest. Now, the government has to act,\" said S Pushpalatha, chairperson health standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598689", "title": "Yet another youth-centric film to hit Bengali screens", "text": "With youth-centric urban films becoming the flavour of new age Bengali cinema, director-duo Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha has come out with a new film which seeks to explore issues affecting today's young people.In the film \" Bapi Bari Ja\" , Bapi is a confused youngster who is not very confident about himself and is desperate to have a girl friend like other boys do, Abhijit said.He said the film would contain a liberal sprinkling of typical expressions the youngsters use - even cuss words.\"The title \"Bapi Bari Ja\" has itself been inspired by words used by friends during their interactions,\" Guha said.The film, produced by Prosenjit's 'Ideas', would be releasing two months after another critically acclaimed hit youth film \" Teen Yaari Katha\" of the same director-duo was released.Asked if youth-centric new age cinema is the toast of the season, Sudeshna said, \"One should not categorise such films between entertainer, middle-of-road or arthouse and rather see how all the present-day films keep celebrating the very essence and power of youth.\"The duo had earlier made popular films like \"Cross Connection\" and \"Teen Yaari Katha\".\"We feel young at heart and so it is but natural (that) youth bonding, frustration and desperation had been the focus of our films,\" Abhijit said.Asked about their upcoming projects, the directors said they would deal with a new subject this time, a film which will dwell on extra-marital relations post the age of 30 and a period piece where the 1930s-40s scene of a small mufassil town will be captured.\"The period piece, where we are planning to cast Prosenjit in a pivotal role of a commoner, will draw references from the works of a writer whose works encapsulate that phase and it will be an ambitious project,\" the duo said, preferring not to add more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593208", "title": "Ex-army officer says Adarsh flat hit promotion chances", "text": "MUMBAI: A former top army officer claimed that his chances of a promotion were affected because of his Adarsh flat. \"The Adarsh controversy affected my promotion in the army,\" Major General (retired) R K Hooda told the commission.Hooda was confronted by senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission, with a letter he had written to the society in 2011, where he has stated: \"For having purchased a flat in Adarsh, I have been found blameworthy by the army, which has resulted in my retirement on March 21, 2011. I have retired two years earlier than my actual date in March 2013.\"He was the top officer in Mumbai between 2007 and 2010, serving as general officer commanding and had submitted a report on Adarsh on the instructions of then army chief General V K Singh. Asked by the commission the reason the army inquiry had found him 'blameworthy', Hooda replied: \"The basic cause was my being associated with Adarsh as well as having taken a bank loan and a provident fund loan and not reporting it to the high- er-ups.\"Hooda said that in November 2010 he had resigned his Adarsh membership, but five months later he had cancelled his resignation. Hooda and another top officer claimed that they were informed that all clearances were obtained for Adarsh and the land belonged to the Maharashtra government.\"The Southern Command (headed by Lieutenant General G S Sihota) said the land did not belong to the defence,\" said former Vice Chief of Army Staff and retired Lieutenant General Shantonu Choudhry, who too was allotted a flat in the Adarsh society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15593252", "title": "Hazaribag police launch drive to check traffic rules violation", "text": "Hazaribag: Traffic police in the district launched a campaign on Tuesday to check vehicles from violating rules on various important road crossings.Police have caught more than 150 two-wheeler owners without helmet and imposed a fine of Rs 300 on each.They were warned that if they fail to buy helmets legal actions will be taken against them.For the convenience of local people, the police set up stalls selling helmets on every important road crossing.SP Hazaribag Manoj Kaushik said, \"We have alloted 15 sites in various parts of the town for parking vehicles. If anybody violates it, their vehicles will be seized from the siate with heavy fines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15594944", "title": "Cops cannot cite jurisdiction to avoid registering complaints, lawyers say", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuesday's mishap at a Metro site in Ghatkopar (W) and the subsequent police reaction not only left the car owner distressed and fuming, but the legal community too was appalled at the \"casual attitude\" of the cops and the way they made him run around on grounds of jurisdiction.Nishant S Sheth (37) first went to the Ghatkopar cops to lodge a complaint but was asked to go to the Saki Naka police station for the same. In the process, it took him over four hours to get his complaint registered. \"The police station where he first went should have taken down his complaint,\" said advocate Sayaji Nangre, who practises criminal law.\"They were duty-bound under law to note (down) the complaint,\" he said, adding that the Ghatkopar police should not have made Sheth run around over jurisdiction.High courts have held that the police station first approached by a person must register his/her complaint and then forward it to the PS in whose jurisdiction the investigation will be carried out. Criminal law advocate Rajendra Shirodkar said even if an offence was non-cognizable , it was their duty to mandatorily take down the information provided by a complainant.The higher judiciary in the \"state of AP vs Punati Ramube\" case had clearly stated that \"a police constable cannot refuse to accept and register an FIR merely because the station does not have territorial jurisdiction. The police constable is bound to register an FIR and forward the same to the police station having the jurisdiction. Refusing to register is dereliction of duty on the part of the constable\" .Lawyers point out that the same principle applies to recording a non-cognizable offence as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15598916", "title": "MP's chief minister directed officials to develop sports ground in every village", "text": "Bhopal: Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has directed to develop sports ground in every village of the state. He said a scheme to hunt talented and emerging players of the state should also be chalked out.Chief Minister Chouhan gave these directives during review of sports and youth welfare department's activities in Bhopal on Tuesday. Sports and youth welfare minister, Tukojirao Puar and chief secretary R. Parasuram were also present.Chief Minister Chouhan directed that specialised coaching should be imparted to players selected through talent hunt and they should be prepared for Olympics. \"For this purpose, players should be selected by determining specific games,\" chief minister Chouhan said.He also directed to chalk out pension scheme for players. Chouhan gave instructions to complete all the processes pertaining to construction of an international cricket stadium in Bhopal. It was informed at the meeting that land for international cricket stadium has been identified near Shooting Academy at village Barkhera Nathu.The department is running eight academies of 16 games. State's players won 31 international and 208 national level medals during the year 2011-12. The department is chalking out Mukhyamantri Trophy Yojna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15592712", "title": "Irai dam gates still open", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The administration continued to release water from Irai dam on the second consecutive day. However, four out of seven doors of the dam were closed by Tuesday morning, while three were kept open by 0.5 meter. Meanwhile, incessant rains continued in the district on the third consecutive day.Sources in Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station ( CSTPS), that owns the Irai dam, said that two gates of the dam were closed during wee hours. Two more gates were closed at 7 am in the morning, while remaining three gates were lowered to 0.5 meter height. All seven gates of Irai dam were opened by one meter on Monday.\"It is continuously raining in the catchment area of the dam, hence we have kept the three doors open. The gates might be opened further or lowered down, depending upon the inflow of water into the reservoir,\" said the plant's PRO MP Masram. The water level in the Irai dam was 207.150 meter in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598907", "title": "Prithviraj to appear in Salt n Pepper look for his next", "text": "In Lal Jose' forthcoming film 'Ayallum Njanum Thammil', Prithviraj will appear in the initial scenes with his 'Salt n Pepper' beard. He is a successful cardio thoracic surgeon in his forties and then the story goes back to his younger days, when he was a medical student.The new look of Prithviraj was kept close under wraps all along by Lal Jose and they have decided to unveil it now.'Ayallum Njanum Thammil' has been produced by Prem Prakash and scripted by his sons Bobby and Sanjay. Prathap Pothen plays an important role in the film. Narain is playing Prithviraj's classmate and in fact he has an older look as well.Samvrutha Sunil, Remya Nambeeshan and Rima Kallingal play the female leads in the film.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593192", "title": "Help on phone for patients in villages", "text": "PUNE: When Rancho, a character played by Aamir Khan in the movie 3 Idiots, helped deliver a child with telephonic help from Kareena Kapoor , who played a doctor, the viewers watched with shock and curiosity at the same time. Though the filmmakers took creative liberty to create a dramatic scene, a sane mind could think of a situation in real life where doctors, not equipped to handle emergency or complicated cases, get such expert help on the phone which eventually helps save a life or two.The health advice call centre, set up at the Aundh chest hospital in Pune under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), promises to do just that for doctors and frontline health staff in rural parts of the state where quality health care is rare.In one such instance, Premkala Raut, 24, was taken to a primary health centre in a village in Nanded district late in the night with intense labour pain. The baby's head was not coming out, so the medical officer called up the health advice call centre.The gynaecologist available on the other side asked the medical officer if the patient can be shifted to another hospital. When she was told that the nearest rural hospital was 13 kms away, the gynaecologist gathered all details of the woman's health and suggested the medical officer to give contraction inducing drugs to the woman through saline. As she was about to hang up, the medical officer told her the baby had come out. But it was not crying. The doctor asked him to pat the baby and give suction. Suction began and the baby did cry, but not loud enough. At this point the paediatrician at the call centre took over. He suggested the medical officer to keep the baby warm, start oxygen, do suction and monitor heart rate. All went well and the mother and the baby are now fine.A medical officer in a remote village could accomplish a complicated delivery and provide subsequent care to the baby with help from specialist doctors, situated miles away in a call centre in Pune.The 20-odd health advice officers (HAO) and 11 specialist doctors attached to the call centre are helping state's front-line staff in rural areas perform their duties better by providing medical advice round the clock. With an average 600 calls per day, the state's first health advice call centre received over a lakh phone calls since it became fully functional seven months ago.\"We have a series of such success stories where round-the-clock, qualified and standardized medical information and advice have helped people across the state,\" said Niraja Banker, manager (operations) at the health advice call centre, which is run on behalf of the state government by the Health Management and Research Institute, Hyderabad, a non-profit social venture of Piramal group. The Institute runs similar ventures for governments of Andhra Pradesh , Assam and Rajasthan.Banker said, \"Most of the calls coming from state's front-line health staff are about health issues of pregnant women and infants. Besides, there are calls for dog bites, snake bites, vector-borne and water-borne diseases.\"The 20-odd HAOs who first attend the call are either doctors with BAMS degree or qualified pharmacists. They transfer the call to specialist doctors comprising gynaecologist, paedeatrician, physicians, surgeons, public health experts etc depending on the urgency and seriousness of the health issue. Most of them have either retired from government services and have experience of many years in the particular domain.It is not just medical advice, the call centre also provides guidance on various government schemes and how to avail them.In one such case, a 20-year-old woman in labour was admitted to a rural hospital in Malegaon in Wshim district. She was referred to Akola for further treatment and her husband was told to deposit Rs 800 as ambulance charges. Since they were poor, the man called 104 and asked for advice.As the case fitted under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram scheme, the call centre experts spoke to the medical officer of Malegaon and told him that she can be provided the ambulance free of cost. She was transferred to Lady Harding hospital in Akola where she underwent a C-section.Kanchan Salunkhe, an accredited social health activist (ASHA) from village Alvi in Sangli district, accompanied a seven-year-old boy who suffered dog bite to the civil hospital in Sangli. She was told to buy an injection from the market which would cost her about Rs 5000. Salunkhe called 104 for advice. She was told about an injection, Rabipur, which is available at all civil hospitals. Salunkhe approached the RMO and the boy was given anti-rabies vaccine. Salunkhe again called 104 and thanked the call centre officials for the timely advice.\"The advice given by our experts is practical where the staff concerned is helped to perform duty using the expertise and resources available at the government health facilities,\" Banker said.A few days ago a call was received in the middle of the night from an ASHA working in a village in Pune district. She had a child whose nose was blocked and he was unable to breathe. \"Our pediatrician asked her if she had any medication with her to which the ASHA replied in the negative. So the paediatrician advised her to heat a little water, add half a tea spoon of salt, mix it thoroughly and put a drop in the child's nostrils. We received a call the next morning from that ASHA that the advice worked,\" Banker said.\"The objective of the project is to primarily reduce death rate, infant mortality rate, and maternal mortality rate and disease morbidity,\" said Vilas Deshpande, deputy director, information, education and communication bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593369", "title": "Recovery casts doubt on weapons deposit by outfit", "text": "GUWAHATI: The doubt that the Arabinda Rajkhowa-led pro-talks Ulfa faction had hoodwinked the government by depositing just a handful of weapons from its massive armoury before starting peace talks with the Centre has become stronger with the recovery of an AK-56 and 30 live rounds of ammunition from the house of one of the group's key leaders, Hira Sarania, who was nabbed on Monday in connection with a dacoity and murder case.But the state government is treating the recovery of the automatic weapon from the possession of the pro-talks leader as an isolated case related to an individual and not to the outfit. \"This is an individual case and will be dealt with individually. This does not have any bearing on cessation of hostilities by Ulfa or on the memorandum of understanding with Ulfa,\" state home secretary G D Tripathy said.According to government policy, any outfit willing to join the peace process has to deposit all its weapons with the government before the dialogue begins. In October last year, the Centre had to coerce the Rajkhowa faction of Ulfa to deposit their weapons. But they had deposited just 57 assorted weapons, which was believed to be far lesser than and its actual arsenal. Rajkhowa had initially refused to agree to the deposit of weapons and called it a \"condition\" set by the government for the talks.The home secretary said, \"In this case, one weapon was found in Sarania's possession and has been confiscated by police. If any more weapons are found in the possession of any other militant who is part of the peace talks, it will be confiscated and the individual will be dealt with firmly in accordance with the law.\"The pro-talks faction had deposited its arms ahead of the first round of talks between the government and the Ulfa leadership after the ceasefire agreement was signed on September 3. Prior to that, the faction had been refusing to deposit their weapons like other outfits who are holding talks with the government. The Ulfa leadership was demanding an \"honourable walk-in\" into the discussion, without depositing their weapons. Sources believe the pro-talks faction might be have originally possessed at least 400 weapons .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592017", "title": "2-month campaign to dispose pending mining applications begins", "text": "JAIPUR: To expedite the process of allotment and auctioning of mining leases and disposal of pending cases, the department of mines and geology has initiated a two-month long campaign from Tuesday.All the applications submitted for mining lease prior to the commencement of the new policy on January 28, 2011 will be taken up during the campaign. The state has a backlog of 90,204 applications; of which 13,000 pertain to major minerals, 2,000 for prospecting license, 20,000 for minor minerals and 59,000 for quarry license.\"The aim is to dispose as many applications as possible during the two-month period. The campaign will end on October 19. Officials have been instructed to maintain proper records so that we can keep a tab on daily progress,\" said Sudhansh Pant, secretary, mines and petroleum.Hearing of the pending cases will be based on the previous policy of the government under which anybody could apply for the mining license in the particular areas. However, under the new policy leases will be provided through allotment and auctioning of plots. The state government will first delineate the land and earmark plots. These plots will then be notified and applications will be invited.Policy also makes it mandatory that out of the delineated plots 50% shall be allotted by auction/tender and the remaining 50% shall be allotted to people belonging to schedule caste, tribes, below poverty line, freedom fighters and ex-soldiers, societies of unemployed youth of Rajasthan.After the notification of the policy the department has delineated 435 areas while 565 have been identifies and the process of delineation is going on. \"On of the focus of our campaign is also to expedite the process of allotment and auctions under the framework of the new policy\" added Pant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592933", "title": "Drizzle dips temperature, city records 6.7 mm rain", "text": "LUCKNOW: The overcast sky and intermittent drizzle in the city on Tuesday brought relief to the people reeling under hot and sultry conditions for past few days. The maximum temperature dropped by four degrees below normal and six degrees in comparison to Monday. The Met department has predicted similar weather conditions on Wednesday. The rainfall activity may also intensify.The maximum temperature in the city was 29.2 degrees Celsius while minimum was 26.4 degrees Celsius, a difference of just 2.8 degrees Celsius. Though the drizzle made the weather pleasant, total rainfall recorded was only 6.7 mm till 5.30 p.m. The low amount of rain also came as a boon in disguise. There was no waterlogging, as it usually happens in the city, even when there is moderate rainfall. As a result, people were able to enjoy the weather conditions without any discomfort on the streets. There were no power cuts, which too have become a common feature during the rainy season.State Met director JP Gupta said the low pressure area over north Madhya Pradesh and adjoining south Uttar Pradesh led to heavy rainfall in west UP and light to moderate rain in the central and eastern parts of the state during last 24 hours. In Lucknow, rainfall was low on Tuesday but may intensify on Wednesday, he said. He added that eastern UP will receive more rain in comparison to the west in the next 48 hours. While rain at most places in east UP would be light to moderate, it could be heavy at isolated places, he added. Other parts of the state - western and central - will receive light rain or thundershowers.The Met department also predicted that the rainfall activity would slowdown from August 23. However, rain in August has improved the rainfall deficit situation. The west UP districts, on an average, recorded 319 mm rain from June 1 to August 15, which was 34% below normal 484.9 mm, whereas the east UP districts, on an average recorded 457.8 mm rain, 18% below normal 558.7 mm. In comparison, the rainfall deficit in the month of July was 30-50% below normal because monsoon arrived 20 days late in UP and the rain were deficient even thereafter. However, most parts of the state received good rainfall from July 15 to August 15.Agra recorded 95.4 mm rainfall, highest in the state during last 24 hours. Palia Kalan recorded 80 mm rain, Shahabad and Meerut 70 mm, Gautam Budh Nagar 60 mm, Aligarh and Bijnor 40 mm each, Lakhimpur Khiri and Hapur recorded 30 mm each. Similarly, the rainfall in Hardoi and Saharanpur was 20 mm each, while Fatehpur, Auraiya, Baghpat, Najibabad and Moradabad received 10 mm of rainfall each. Though the overall rainfall was moderate in the state, major rivers were rising due to heavy downpour in the hills of Uttarakhand and Nepal . The water level of Ghaghra, Sharda and Saryu crossed danger mark in Lakhimpur Khiri and was rising in Bahraich, Faizabad, Ayodhya, Barabanki and Gonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593127", "title": "PMC gives green signal to solar city report", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday gave its go-ahead to draft a detailed project report (DPR) for Pune's solar city project.\"The project, an initiative of the central government, aims at reducing the use of electricity and reducing the carbon footprint ,\" said Mahesh Pathak during the general body meeting.He said the three main sources of carbon production in the environment were transportation, water treatment plants and electricity. The project aims at reducing this carbon production. The project will also concentrate on promoting renewable energy sources such as solar energy with the aim to reduce usage of electricity by at least 10 per cent.\"The DPR will highlight how to promote solar energy and how to reduce the electricity usage of streetlights and other public lighting systems. The central government will give funds for the DPR,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592058", "title": "Take action against jugaads plying in state: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Tuesday directed the state government to take stringent action against plying of unapproved prototype vehicle commonly known as 'jugaads,' under Motor Vehicles Act.A division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) passed the order following the directives of the Supreme Court in 2011 which had also asked all the state governments and the Centre to ban use of such jugaads as they were found to be the reason behind in major accidents.A division bench of high court has taken a suo motu cognizance of one such major accident that took place in Sawai Madhopur in 2010 and had then asked the state to intervene in the matter and destroy all such vehicles once seized. \"In a similar case, the RSRTC had approached the Supreme Court wherein some directives were issued by the apex court. The Central government had instructed all the states to take measures to stop plying of such vehicles. Pursuant to the orders of Supreme Court, the state government has already issued a notification under the law to the district authorities. The matter is still pending before the Supreme Court,\" said S N Kumawat, additional advocate general appearing for the state government.Taking a note of the fact that the Supreme Court was seized off with the matter, the court disposed off the PIL. However, it directed that the transport department should take necessary action against the plying jugaads under the MV Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595025", "title": "Four held for killing youth at temple festival", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested four people for murdering a youth following a quarrel at an Amman temple near Guduvanchery on Sunday night.Following a complaint by the victim's father, police arrested Suresh, 28, Udayakumar, 23, John Patrick, 25, and Amarnath, 23. They allegedly beat G Ranjith, son of a call taxi driver, to death during the Aadi festival at the temple.Police said Ranjith had gone to the Amman temple with his friends on Sunday evening. Ranjith picked up a quarrel with his friends after splinters of crackers fell on him. His friends allegedly beat him up with wooden sticks and fled the scene after Ranjith fell down on ground.The injured Ranjith was taken to a private hospital, where the doctors declared him dead on arrival. Ranjith's father, Gunasekar, a resident of Madambakkam near Guduvanchery, lodged a complaint with the police and sought action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15593419", "title": "Flood situation in northern Assam under control", "text": "JORHAT: The flood situation in the northern Assam district showed some signs of improvement on Tuesday with the water level of the Chilawati river in Dhemaji receding during the last 12 hours. Flood-affected people have started returning to their homes from relief camps and normal communication resumed on NH-52 and other flood-affected roads.Though the rapid swelling of rivers caused inundation of hundreds of hectares of lands in two revenue circle areas, the continuous receding of water on Monday night turned the situation under control, district administration officials said.\"The situation is improving in the both the affected revenue circles of Sisiborgaon and Dhemaji. People have started returning to their homes and only about 1,000 people are now taking shelter in relief camps and other high lands,\" additional deputy commissioner (Dhemaji) UK Boruah said. He added the normal communication through the flood-damaged NH-52 has also resumed and there is nothing to worry now.Another official said, \"Although the flood situation is improving, the worst-affected villages like Fulbari, Ghogora, Jipu, Bhogowan Chariali, R C Borbora and the upper parts of Chilahuti area are still under water. Moreover, 50 per cent paddy fields under both Dhemaji and Sisiborgaon circle have been affected by the flood and the crops of these lands are completely amaged.\"Moreover, apart from the national highway, the flood also damaged some other link roads affecting the communication in the district. Among them, the R C Lahon-Bhogowan Chariali Road was the most important one. Thousands of villagers of over 50 villages regularly use this road, but it has been damaged by the floods.The third wave of flood began on Monday and affected more than 25,000 people of 30 villages in two revenue circles in Dhemaji district. According to reports, due to heavy rains in Arunachal, the rivers started swelling and deluge entered nearby villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593067", "title": "Mumbai finds 1,407 patients with drug-resistant TB", "text": "Six months after a special plan to combat tuberculosis was introduced in the city, there is an estimate of just how widespread the deadly drug-resistant variety of the disease is in the community. Of 6,561 people screened for the disease across the city, 1,407 tested positive, said BMC officials on Tuesday.\"The numbers are higher this year because of better diagnostic and treatment facilities introduced in the city,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar. In 2011, only 354 people were tested, of whom 181 emerged positive. Ever since Hinduja Hospital, Mahim, made public in January 2012 its experience with 12 patients with extremely extensively drug-resistant TB, the spotlight has been on Mumbai's TB epidemic. The Centre has given funds and special status to help check the spread of the disease.A central team, along with experts from Centers of Disease Control (US) and UNAIDS , will begin a visit to the city on Wednesday to look at the progress made.The BMC, which has been partnering the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP), has in the interim got a TB control officer with 24 deputies in each ward. \"We have increased treatment units in the city from 27 to 59. The Sewree TB Hospital will get extra beds and an improved laboratory,\" said a city health official.The BMC now plans to hold door-to-door surveillances every quarter. The next survey will begin on September 1. \"If we cannot cover every ward, we will at least cover high-risk areas,\" said another official. The BMC also plans to enlist the help of counsellors in the TB control programme to ensure that people do not drop out of treatment; dropout has been traced as one of the reasons for the emergence of the drug-resistant strain.Mhaiskar said, \"We have found drug-resistant patients who were previously not part of the healthcare system. This is because we increased diagnosis facilities.\" The city got a high-tech GeneXpert, which detects drug-resistant strains in two hours. The capacity of J J Hospital's laboratory to test has increased from 15 to 60 a day. Another factor that helped the city is door-to-door surveillance for TB patients in all 24 wards. \"We found 458 new patients of tuberculosis, of whom 452 have already been put under treatment,\" said Mhaiskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594761", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation ties up with pvt hotels to host tourists", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to accommodate more tourists coming to Nashik, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) is planning to tie-up with private hotels in the city to accommodate the increasing number of visitors.Pradnya Bade-Misal, Regional Manager, MTDC, Nashik division, said, It is not affordable for MTDC to build new hotels or resorts. Hence, we are looking for new measures to fulfil the need of accommodation to the tourists coming to Nashik. As part of this, we are planning to tie up with the city hotels .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594844", "title": "Department wonders why more cops getting thrashed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Perturbed over the rising number of incidents where cops, who had gone to the spot after receiving a call regarding a problem, getting beaten by the accused, Chandigarh police have started to analyse the incidents to ascertain the actual reasons behind these.In one of the recent incidents, a head constable was badly beaten up and his uniform torn off by two brothers (one of them a Haryana police official) and their father here on Sunday evening. Besides, incidents where women cops were teased by hooligans have also come to light in the last couple of months.\"Beating up of cops is totally intolerable and it's necessary to find out the reason behind such happenings. There could be times where cops could have been at fault or they were not following the briefing properly, so we have to find all loopholes and rectify them accordingly,\" Alok Kumar, UT deputy inspector general told TOI.\"I have asked SP city to evaluate all past such cases and to find out the provocation behind these attacks. There would be an in-depth analysis of each case and we would establish a strong system to avoid such incidents in the future,\" said Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.Some of the attacks could have even proved fatal for cops. On August 1 night, some men, armed with sharp-edged weapons, in Sector 26, attacked a head constable and a constable and the cops had to actually run to save their lives.In another case, early this month, a woman traffic police constable was dragged by an auto-rickshaw driver, up to a distance of 400 metres near Matka Chowk on Madhya Marg, when she tried to stop him for checking the documents of the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595272", "title": "Govt doctors refer dengue test to private lab", "text": "KOLKATA: The death of dengue patient Lab Khan at Calcutta National Medical College &amp; Hospital has exposed the double standard practised by doctors at state-run hospitals and the blatant flouting of protocol in detecting dengue.While the state health department is urging people to go for the Mac Elisa test, which is supposed to be available free of cost at all medical colleges, Lab Khan's blood samples were sent to a private diagnostic centre opposite NRS Medical College and Hospital. The government has asked for an explanation from the doctors who recommended the test at a private lab.Some officials sought to explain that they use the Mac Alisa kits only when they get around 60 samples at a go because a kit can test 95 samples and can be used only once. The Mac Alisa test costs around Rs 600-1800 at private clinics.The 38-year-old Raniganj resident had been admitted to Calcutta National Medical College on August 14 in a critical condition. He was given Bed No. 8 in the medicine department's ITU. Hospital sources said that the blood samples were sent to Probe Diagnostic, on AJC Bose Road, on August 15 for dengue immunochromatography test. It came positive for dengue infection. Meanwhile, Lab Khan's platelet counts indicated that he needed a transfusion. Hospital records reveal that he was given 20 units of platelets between August 14 and August 20.\"He died on Tuesday at 7.45am and the death certificate mentions sudden cardio-respiratory failure,\" said a senior administrator of the hospital.\"While cross-examining records, we found that Lab Khan was being treated as a patient of dengue hemorrhagic fever and doctors depended on the results of the private laboratory. So, a final declaration on it being a dengue death could not be made,\" added the official. Hospital sources also said that the tests were done after an attending doctor asked them to conduct the dengue immunochromatography test at a private centre.A senior professor of the microbiology department at CNMC&H; said that the hospital has the infrastructure and adequate number of Mac Elisa kits for dengue detection. \"The problem is that if one sample is tested, then the Mac Elisa kit, which can test some 96 samples, will be wasted for want of more samples. One Mac Elisa kit is used only when a considerable number of samples are collected,\" said a senior microbiologist of CNMC&amp;H.; \"Lab Khan's extra sample had been sent to the hospital's microbiology laboratory but the initial test was done at private diagnostic laboratory to carry forward treatment,\" he explained.Health department officials were perplexed when they came to know that doctors at a government medical college had referred the test to a private lab in defiance of the official guidelines.\"We are not declaring this to be a dengue death as the standard protocol tests have not been conducted. We are sending a letter seeking explanation from the team of doctors why the dengue immunochromatography tests were conducted outside the hospital when they had Mac Elisa kits,\" said Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the health department.We are not declaring as a dengue death as the standard protocol tests have not been conducted. We are sending a letter seeking explanation from the team of doctors why the dengue immunochromatography tests were conducted outside the hospital when they had Mac Elisa kits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593954", "title": "Eatery's rent gobbled by birds for 90 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Subhash and Mahendra Patel - brothers who own Raipur Bhajiya House, a popular Ahmedabad eatery - begin every working day by placating a flock of rent collectors. The rent is paid in the form of gram, lentil, and millet. And the collectors are birds that swoop down on the feed even as the brothers begin to spread it on the roof of their shop.Feeding birds is a sporadic gesture of compassion for some, but for the brothers it is a ritual that honours a commitment made nearly a century ago.\"The tradition started in 1922 when our grandfather Somabhai Patel went to Chandanben Somnath Bhudar Trust, which looked after a Shiva temple near Raipur Darwaza,\" recounts Subhash Patel, 52. \"He wanted one of the shops owned by the trust in the vicinity on rent. The trustees said that they did not want money for the space. Instead, they asked him to feed the birds for a value that would cover the rent.\" The bird feeder chosen was right opposite the proposed shop. \"He agreed to the condition and started the Raipur Bhajiya House,\" Subhash Patel said.The brothers, who live in Kankaria, said that the rental condition may seem strange now but when it was settled, it was based on entirely practical considerations. They said that in the age in which the agreement was accepted, Ahmedabad was defined by the wall surrounding it. The bird feeder was located out of the walled city and hence was difficult to maintain.\"In those days, the gates of the city would open at 6 am and close at 6 pm,\" says Mahendra Patel, 50. \"Thus, the trust decided to appoint our grandfather as the custodian of the birds. The fact not only highlights the city's love for animals but also shows that residents thought of practical ideas to sustain their love.\" The shop expanded and now functions from two adjoining outlets. The bird feeder perches atop the roof of the shops.Today, the fourth generation of Somabhai Patel carries forward the legacy even as real estate prices have skyrocketed. Currently, property near the area can fetch anything between Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000 per month. But the brothers refuse to divulge how much is spent on the feed every day. \"For us, it is not about the money, it is about keeping the birds happy and keeping a promise,\" says Mahendra Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593454", "title": "Airport Metro repair deadline deferred again", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a month after the Airport Metro Express was shut down by the concessionaire citing safety concerns, the deadline for the start of operations seems to be getting delayed by the hour.After the initial announcement by urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna that the repairs would be completed by the end of August, the deadline was shifted to September 20 by Delhi Metro. However, with work starting as late as this Monday, the deadline has been shifted yet again. Now, sources say the repair work is expected to be completed by September 30.\"The corridor will not be operational before October. After the repair work, the corridor will need to be inspected by CMRS, so that will take some time as well,\" said a government official.Sources in Delhi Metro admitted the work had started only this Monday. \"Four contractors have been hired to undertake the work. There were issues with the way work was being carried out, which will be sorted out soon,\" said the official. The official added that the first girder was lifted on Monday and the bearing changed. One of the four contractors hired for the repairs is IJM, the original civil contractor of the Airport Metro corridor. \"They offered their services for the project,\" said the official.Asked if any action was being contemplated for the shoddy work done by the civil contractor, the official said action will be taken only after the inquiry committee submits its report.Besides Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, Systra, which had designed the corridor, is also helping in the project. A third party agency has also been roped in to monitor the project, TUI-Sowil. Over 2,000 bearings are used on the corridor. All have been inspected and a majority will be either changed or repaired.Asked if the speed of trains on the corridor would go up after repairs, the Delhi Metro official said it would depend on the repairs carried out on the clips in the underground section. \"Based only on the elevated section, the trains can run according to their maximum speed once the repair on the bearings is done. However, if the clips issue is not addressed, the speed will remain low,\" said the official.During the joint inspection earlier, it was found that the clips used in the underground tunnel, on which the rails rest, had breakage issues. A ministry official said, \"Of the 3.5 lakh clips used, around 4% have breakage issues.\" The track-laying was done by R-Infra, which sources said has roped in the Hong Kong University to offer solutions for the breakage issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595332", "title": "Chunk breaks off slide at Nicco Park, 17 hurt", "text": "KOLKATA: A popular ride at Nicco Park's 'Wet O Wild' amusement park collapsed on Tuesday afternoon, sending 17 young boys hurtling to the ground 20 feet below. One of them was critically injured and a few others had fractured bones but no one was killed because they all landed on a rain-soaked muddy patch of ground. If they had fallen on the concrete pathways only a few feet away, it could have been much worse.The Nicco Park management says overcrowding led to the accident but the victims' families demand to know why the park officials did not stop too many people from climbing on to the slide.The twisting and turning 76-foot-long ride is one of the biggest attractions at the park and there is always a long queue to get on it. A signboard, in English, cautions that only one person is allowed at a time. But around 2.30pm on Tuesday, a group of teenagers swarmed the slide in spite of the guards' warnings. There were some 1,600 revellers in the amusement park at the time. At a bend, the steel hinges broke and a four-and-a-half-feet section of the slide collapsed.\"We heard a cracking, splintering sound. The people ahead of us started screaming. We couldn't understand what was wrong. The next second, we realized there was a gap in the slide and we were heading straight for it. It was terrifying. I thought I would die,\" said 17-year-old Sheikh Salim, who has bruises all over his body and a badly swollen leg.The most seriously injured is 12-year-old Md Imran, who has been admitted to the AMRI Salt Lake ICU with a left shoulder fracture. Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar has ordered an enquiry to find out if faulty equipment or human error led to the accident.The park management says it has all safety measures in place. \"This part of the park can house 2,700 visitors in peak summer season,\" said assistant vice-president, marketing, Rajesh Raisinghani. With the other main attractions - 'Rain Dance' and 'Family Swirl Ride' closed for maintenance - the youngsters hit the slides, he said.Nine jumped on slide meant for two: Park officialThis ride was installed five years ago, based on US models, and has a two-decade shelf life, said park officials. A single ladder leads to a platform \u2014 manned by two park staffers \u2014 from where you can take either of three slides \u2014 the body slide, raft slide and a family swirl ride. The young crowd swarmed the body slide, where visitors sit directly on the surface and let gravity take them down a twisting slope into a plunge pool.Teenagers Md Saheed and Feroz had come from Garden Reach and paid Rs 290 each for the all-day 'Wet O Wild' package. Saheed claimed that no one stopped them from climbing up to the platform and taking the slide as a group. \"We were well into the slide, with no way of stopping, when we saw a portion of it break off and fall on the ground. We knew we were going to fall too. It was really scary. There was no time to think and no way to save ourselves. We plunged through the gap, screaming for our lives,\" said Saheed.Raisinghani, however, said they had enough people manning the ride and they did try to prevent the overcrowding. \"We had two officers on the platform, and two security guards below. Nearly 22 people had cramped the platform. The officers were trying to stop them when a group of nine persons suddenly hit the slide. It is built to take the weight of two people at a time and has a load capacity of 200 kg, accounting for the average body weight of two normal persons plus 30%. It, therefore, gave away,\" the senior executive said, denying the charges of negligence.Apart from ISO 9001, the park also has OHSAS 18000 certification which is an international occupational health and safety management system specification, said officials. But some of the victims' relatives wondered why the management did not anticipate Tuesday's rush and hire more manpower. The park has 109 officers and 131 staffers on their payroll and had engaged two private security agencies on Tuesday. \"We will investigate if a mechanical fault caused the accident or whether it was human lapse,\" said the Bidhannagar police commissioner.A team of investigators, led by DCP Neeloo Sherpa Chakraborty, was at the park till late in the night questioning the officials manning the slide. Trinamool chief whip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay and MLA Sujit Bose \u2014 who are leaders of the Trinamool-affiliated union there \u2014 and minister Firad Hakim visited the injured in hospital. \"Let us first help those injured. Then we can do the rest,\" Bose said, when asked if negligence led to the accident.The park's assistant vice-president, engineering, Pradip Bose said, \"The damaged part of the slide will be inspected at our laboratory. Checks are run every day and these are audited once a month by an external agency. Prima facie, overloading led to the accident.\"Though the park will be open, the slides will be closed till they are certified safe, Bose said, adding that an angry crowd smashed toilets and lockers after the accident. \"We took all the injured to Calcutta Heart Clinic first, since it is the closest, and then to other hospitals,\" he said.An Apollo Hospital spokesperson said that barring one, all the victims had been treated and discharged. AMRI Salt Lake officials said that Imran is in ICU but out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15593245", "title": "Woman accuses former Maoist of rape", "text": "BOKARO: A 35-year-old woman, has alleged that she was raped and tortured by a former CPI (Maoist) rebel Mehboob Ansari at Kacho village under the Nawadih police station here. Police are looking into the matter while the outfit has also taken the matter seriously and announced that the accused, if found guilty, would be punished.The victim knocked the door of Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi and filed a complaint about the torment she suffered at the hands of the Maoists for the past few months and sought help to save her and her family from them. The victim alleged that Ansari had not only raped her but also tortured her for money and liquor.A resident of Murgi Farm Colony in Bokaro Thermal, she said \"Ansari who claims to be a Maoist commander has ruined my life. He threatens me with dire consequences if I am do not give in to his demands,\" she said.She said her woes started a few months ago after she received a message from Ansari to be present before him in Kacho village along with his friend Idrish Ansari, a resident of Nuri Nagar, Bokaro Thermal. Idrish was her friend for past several years and he used to visit her home regularly.Ansari had summoned the duo after receiving a complaint about them from Idrish's wife. When they met him Ansari told Idrish to go back home and assured that he will drop her home later, she said.\"While on the way to home, Ansari raped me at Udiya Kacho jungle and threatened to kill me if I dared to report the incident to anybody,\" said the victim. Her ordeal did not end there, Ansari on one Sunday took Idrish to a jungle and beat him up. He also threatened her and took away Rs 10,000 cash and then demanded liquor bottles regularly.The victim works as a contract labour and her husband, Adhun Turi, is a farmer. A senior CPI(Maoist) commander, giving his statement to a news channel on the issue, said Ansari was no more in the outfit as he has been removed about three months ago. However, he said, they will punish Ansari by organizing Jan adalat soon for defaming the outfit.The local police station does not have any information about the incident as the victim has directly approached Dwivedi. The SP, on his part, said he was looking into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599166", "title": "'OMG' makers place donation boxes to promote film", "text": "Way back in 2008, Aamir Khan had got the ushers of a multiplex chain to sport the Ghajini look to promote his upcoming film, during the release of Shah Rukh Khan's film Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi. This time, it's Akshay Kumar who will be piggybacking on the super success of his contemporary Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger, to promote his upcoming production venture OMG Oh My God!. The makers of the film have adopted a unique marketing strategy of placing donation boxes - similar to the ones you see in temples - at two multiplexes in the city. The boxes read - Have you bribed God today?Vikram Malhotra, COO, Viacom18 Motion Pictures explains: \" OMG is a film with mass appeal. It is for people who believe in God and those who don't. So we decided to engage the audience in a manner that is thought-provoking.\"We placed these daan petis (donation boxes) so that people can go back with the message - 'Aren't you really bribing God to get a wish fulfilled?' A wish could range from good exam scores to college admissions to marriages. Donation and prayers are offered with an objective rather than solely out of devotion. That is one of the things that the film addresses.\"The boxes have received coins, notes from young girls looking for grooms and also notes from youngsters reading 'You cannot bribe God for anything'. The makers are excited by this response in city multiplexes and now plan to take the promotions to a national level. Malhotra adds, \"We'll spread it across 15 cities and 80 properties and focus on multiplex chains that attract youth.\"OMG Oh My God! , starring Akshay Kumar, Paresh Rawal and Mithun Chakraborty , is about Kanji Mehta (Paresh Rawal), an atheist, who sues God because an earthquake destroys his antique shop. Amidst his legal tussles, he runs into Krishna Vasudev Yadav (played by Akshay Kumar), a man who claims to be God. What follows is a journey of epic proportions, of self-realization and legal masterstrokes.The film, written and directed by Umesh Shukla, is based on the popular Gujarati play Krishan vs Kanhaiya and is set to release on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595083", "title": "17-year-old girl jumps into well, rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: A 17-year-old girl who attempted suicide by jumping into a well at her house in Senthil Nagar in Avadi on Monday evening was rescued by the fire and rescue services.Police said Sunitha, a Class 12 student of a private school was chatting with her mother when all of a sudden she ran out and jumped into the well. On receiving the information, a team from the Ambattur fire and rescue services station rushed there and brought her out with a rope. Police suspect that an argument with her mother could have triggered the suicide attempt.A large crowd of neighbours and passersby gathered at the roadside to help in the rescue operations. Police are investigating why the girl wanted to end her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15593031", "title": "Standing panel members inspect roads", "text": "NAGPUR: The members of NMC standing committee are out to expose NMC officials' claims of pothole-free roads. The members conducted inspection of all roads on Tuesday. Standing committee chief Dayashankar Tiwari had asked engineers to ensure roads without potholes by August 15. To check whether the work was done or not, Tiwari asked members to inspect roads zone-wise and submit reports. Accordingly, members along with the respective engineers completed the inspection of roads on Tuesday.Praful Gudadhe inspected the roads in Dharampeth Zone, Parinay Fuke in Laxmi Nagar Zone, Raju Lokhande in Hanuman Nagar Zone, Aslam Khan in Satranjipura Zone. Some members could not complete inspection on Tuesday and would continue on Wednesday. The committee will compile the reports and then decide on action to be taken.Sources said inspection revealed officials' claims to be hollow. \"Members also inspected the potholes that the engineers had claimed repaired in the past 15 days. Many were repaired by just filling red sand. The members are going to report the inferior quality of repairs too,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591455", "title": "Exodus turns to trickle", "text": "BANGALORE: In just a week, the exodus of northeast people from the city has reduced to a trickle. Till 3pm Tuesday, only six persons had bought unreserved train tickets to Guwahati from Bangalore.On August 15, when the exodus began, 7,019 tickets had been bought to Guwahati and beyond. That number touched 9,646 and 12,698 during the two days before dipping sharply.Besides, reverse migration has started, albeit slowly. Ten persons returned from Guwahati to Bangalore on Tuesday for work. The empty rake that departed Guwahati on August 18 carried very few passengers.South Western Railway (SWR) officials said five of these passengers alighted at Whitefield station at 12.30pm and the rest at KR Puram where the rake was terminated. These five were put on the Brindavan Express which reached City station around 1.20pm.The officials said other passengers who boarded the special train alighted at other stations en route. \"These are empty rakes of the special trains we ran from Bangalore from August 15. These coaches had to come back to us. There are many coaches given from the Hubli, Mysore, Chennai, Mumbai and Pune railway divisions and have to be sent back there,\" said AK Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Bangalore.SWR has been able to clear backlog and made arrangements till late Monday night by sending off all Guwahati-bound passengers by regular trains to Howrah and Dibrugarh from Yeshwantpur. \"We issued tickets to 1,438 passengers from Bangalore City and Yeshwantpur stations towards Howrah and beyond (up to Guwahati) and they left on Monday. Three coaches were added to the regular train to Dibrugarh and one to the Howrah train to clear the 1,000 additional passengers booked by 9pm,\" said N Ramesh, senior divisional commercial manager, Bangalore.The rush at Yeshwantpur station included passengers to Andhra Pradesh , Odisha, Bihar , West Bengal and Assam till the regular train to Dibrugarh left at midnight. Special trains from Guwahati are expected to reach over the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599090", "title": "Imtiaz Ali helps Preity to shoot 'Ishkq In Paris'", "text": "Who says filmmakers work in isolation and don't have the inclination to help their colleagues? Producer Preity Zinta has now got a big hand of support from Imtiaz ali when her film needed additional location to complete her shooting.Thanks to Imtiaz's timely intervention Zinta's crew leaves on Tuesday night for Prague to complete the shooting. Preity Zinta's love story Ishkq In Paris needs some shooting outside Paris.We learn that the film is complete and has even been screened for selected preview audiences. But a portion of the climax remains incomplete. And the film's makers would need to recreate Paris in Prague since shooting in Paris is impossible. This is where Imtiaz Ali who shot his last film Rockstar extensively in Prague, came to Preity and her director Prem Raj's rescue.Says a source close to the project, \"Imtiaz and his team know every bit of Prague. They helped Prem Raj find the exact location that would match with the unfinished shooting of the climax in Paris. The location that Imtiaz's team found for Preity is so similar that there would be not a moment of loss in continuity from Paris to Prague.\"Director Prem Raj who was in a tearing hurry to wind up loose ends in Mumbai before heading for Prague on Tuesday said, \"Yes , there is a portion of the climax that we couldn't shoot in Paris because we couldn't get the required permission. We tried hard, but in vain. So the film is complete except for one portion. We knew the topography in Prague was similar to France. And since Imtiaz Ali had shot Rockstar in Prague we got Imtiaz's team to help us find exactly the location we needed. I think we can shoot in Prague now without anyone guess where Paris ends and Prague begins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593807", "title": "Don\u2019t disrupt normal life", "text": "Can politicians (of every hue) just leave South Mumbai alone? The business district of the nation's commerce capital being held to ransom twice in 10 days does not send out the right signal to the world. Maharashtra needs to shore up its image at a time when there is intense competition with other states, most notably Gujarat, to attract investment. The soft-state image and repeated deviations from work-day normality are things that Mumbai and Maharashtra can do without.Related story : Rally derails south Mumbai yet again", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592943", "title": "Dial 108 for ambulance from September onwards", "text": "LUCKNOW: After being delayed for more than four years, the Emergency Medical Transport (Ambulance) Service Project is all set to take off. And if government claims are to be believed then, hi-tech ambulances would hit the road in three phases from September. Conceptualised to provide immediate medical response through a network of ambulance to help patients in need, this would provide basic first aid to patients and transport him to the nearest health facility. The project is to be developed on a PPP basis. As per the prevailing norms of an ambulance over a population of 1.5 lakh, UP needs 1,300 vehicles to cover the entire state. However, the project involves some 980 ambulances. The project's target was to be achieved in 2008-09, but was delayed.It resumed momentum in 2010-11, when the Union ministry of health gave UP a second chance on the count. This time, it landed into the multi-crore NRHM scam. Central officers pulled up the state government once again and found that officials here had not planned the project wisely. In fact, they bought the ambulances first, but the call centre and control room to operate it did not exist. So, in the mid of July 2011, the state government floated a tender to run the service. Several agencies providing the service in different states participated in the event and the tender was finally awarded to GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI). The decision was however challenged in the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court. Hearing the petition, the court stayed the decision, but later on, it vacated the stay recently.GVK is now working to get the plan rolling. Mission director, NRHM, Mukesh Meshram said, \"The service provider has already begun registration of the vehicle and fabrication of the ambulance for medical needs. But it is not an easy task to implement the entire project in one go. So, the implementation has been divided into several phase moving from west to east.\" He also informed that a proceeding for the call centre and control room has been initiated. \"If all goes as per plans, we hope to launch the first phase of the service in the mid of September. By January, 2013, we hope to get all the 980 functional,\" said Meshram.The challenge for implementing the project in UP is going to be big for the company, believe a section of health officers. \"They have to recruit many people for this purpose. Drivers, paramedics, call centre operators and so on. The total number of persons who would be engaged in this project is 5,000. All this may not be possible in six months,\" said one of them. On this count, Meshram said that the GVK EMRI is quite experienced. \"It is already running EMTS as '108' service in Andhra Pradesh , Gujarat, Uttarakhand , Goa, Chennai, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Assam , Meghalaya and Madhya Pradesh.Officials informed that the service would have toll free number '108' in UP too. And as per the new guidelines, EMTS integrates departments of health, transport and home. The aim is to achieve the first layer of trauma care services, which is a robust medical transport facility that can be used in case of accidents, trauma or natural calamity. In a meeting held in May 2012, chief secretary, Jawed Usmani directed officials in state transport department to set up district and state level committees to aid accident victims on the highways. The ambulances would also be deployed at accident prone highways. In fact, UP State Road Transport Corporation has also been asked to prepare a list of accident prone routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592307", "title": "Mining applications to be expedited", "text": "JAIPUR: To expedite the process of allotment and auctioning of mining leases and disposal of pending cases, the department of mines and geology has initiated a two-month long campaign from Tuesday.All the applications submitted for mining lease prior to the commencement of the new policy on January 28, 2011 will be taken up during the campaign. The state has a backlog of 90,204 applications; of which 13,000 pertain to major minerals, 2,000 for prospecting license, 20,000 for minor minerals and 59,000 for quarry license.\"The aim is to dispose as many applications as possible during the two-month period. The campaign will end on October 19. Officials have been instructed to maintain proper records so that we can keep a tab on daily progress,\" said Sudhansh Pant, secretary, mines and petroleum. Hearing of the pending cases will be based on the previous policy of the government under which anybody could apply for the mining license in the particular areas. However, under the new policy leases will be provided through allotment and auctioning of plots. The state government will first delineate the land and earmark plots. These plots will then be notified and applications will be invited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599033", "title": "BBMP needs to act fast to manage Bangalore's garbage", "text": "The city is caught on the wrong foot all over again. Despite the bitter lesson of recent protests by locals against the Mavallipura landfill and its subsequent shutting down, the BBMP hasn't done enough to manage its garbage more scientifically.The closure of other landfills will put enormous pressure on the city and if the civic administration doesn't move fast to control the damage, the city could be one stinking mess in the next couple of days. Residents can chip in by sorting their waste before getting rid of it.Related story:  Garbage dumps grow, raise a stink", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593413", "title": "HC reserves order on reopening wine shops", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Tuesday reserved its order on the reopening of city liquor shops and bars till August 24. Though all eyes were fixed on the high court over the issue and the IMFL retailers' association prayed that the high court grant a relaxation on the closure notice of wine shops and bars, the court, after a marathon hearing to all the respondents, reserved its order.The city has been witnessing a virtual drought for party revelers and alcohol lovers since August 9 when the single bench of Justice Ujjal Bhuyan ordered city liquor shops and bars located within a 500-metre \"radius\" of educational institutes, religious places, courts and healthcare centres to down their shutters while hearing a petition filed by Arun Pathak, the owner of a bar in the city.The All Assam India Made Foreign Liquor Retailers' Association, which pled for reopening of the wine shops, on Tuesday argued before the high court that all the 303 wine shops in the city were granted licenses before 2005, when the Excise Act was amended and it was prohibited to open a wine shop within a \"distance\" of 500 metres from educational institutes, healthcare centres, religious place and courts.\"All wine shops in the city were set up before the amendment. So we want the high court to allow us to reopen liquor shops as a large number of people are dependent on the industry and are now jobless,\" said Alak Dutta, secretary general of the association.The association argued that a division bench of Gauhati high court while responding to a bunch of PILs in 2000 had expressed its reluctance in dealing with the matter of issuing licenses of liquor shops and had asked the government to take stern steps to ensure strict compliance with the Excise Act and other rules and regulations.On the other hand, as per the court's instruction, the state government had submitted a report saying that 132 wine shops are located within a \"distance\" 500 metres of educational institutes, healthcare centres, courts and religious places in Beltola, Zoo Road and Basistha areas. \"We sought more time to submit reports on the other areas,\" said an district administration official. The HC earlier ordered the Kamrup (metro) DC to furnish names of shops, bar etc that were shut down along with names of officials who granted them licenses in 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599733", "title": "Pyaar Ka Punchnama at Film Festival at Berlin", "text": "More than a year after its release, the rom-com of 2011 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' is still making news. It was highlight of this year's Indian Film Festival held in Berlin!The festival which kick started on August 15 with powerful youth-driven films had numerous eminent personalities from the Bollywood film industry present as well.Among the many films screened it was Producer Abhishek Pathak's ' Pyaar Ka Punchnama ' which stole the show when it was screened on the August 16 and was well appreciated by the audiences present there.Abhishek was present with one of the film's leading lady Sonalli Sehgall and was overwhelmed with the response they received from the people of Berlin. A source present at the festival said \"Abhishek was extremely happy with the response he received for his film, and it has definitely motivated him to make more films on the lines of Pyaar Ka Punchnama \"The Festival is organized in partnership with the Embassy of India, Berlin and the cinema \"Babylon Berlin\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598017", "title": "How a payasam changed a marriage!", "text": "Onam is around the corner and little wonder then that actor Kunchacko Boban is talking about payasam, the specialty that adds a sweet note to every onasadya (Onam feast).The actor's next, director V K Prakash's Poppins, has him starring in one of the five segments of the flick, in which payasam plays a major role in his marriage!Kunchacko elaborates, \"The film is an adaptation from five plays of Jayaprakash Kuloor. The segment I star in is titled Payasam ,\" says Kunchacko, who comes in a retro look in his role. \"I play this character called Major Prathap Singh. Nithya Menen plays the female lead in Payasam. The film runs on the track of satirical humour. How the sweet dish plays a crucial role in our marriage is what the story is basically about,\" says Kunchacko.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591299", "title": "Meet Blas, India's foreign Dronacharya", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cuba's Blas Iglesias Fernandez became the first foreign coach to be recommended for the Dronacharya Award, among seven other coaches recommended for the prestigious award this year. Fernandez's award falls under the Lifetime Achievement Award category.The go-to man for all Indian national boxers since early nineties, the 56-year-old boxing coach was preparing supper in his NIS, Patiala room when TOI called him with the news. \"I think I'll take a break and celebrate with a beer,\" he laughed. Then he sought to reconfirm. \"Are you sure? Because, it's a great honour,\" he mumbled, when reminded that he was the first foreign coach to be chosen for India's highest sports award.\"Not the best time for an award, but it's a great honour nevertheless,\" said the Cuban, referring to Indian men boxers returning empty-handed from the London Olympics. \"We should have got at least one or two medals,\" he added.A devotee of the late Cuban legend, Teofilo Stevenson, the professorial Fernandez - diminutive, mild-mannered and bespectacled - can be credited with being the backbone of the boxing revolution in India. \"It's been nearly 20 years,\" he said of his association with Indian boxing. Along with chief national coach GS Sandhu, Fernandez formed a no-friction partnership - a rarity in Indian sport coaching. \"We have our differences of opinion, but we discuss it to the last detail,\" Sandhu has said of his working relationship with the Cuban. The partnership witnessed many promising moments with great talents which included Dharmender Yadav, Dingko Singh, Gurcharan Singh and Vijender Singh among others.\"When I came here in 1990, there was no boxing culture. I have practically seen it grow before me. The coaching systems were very poor. But what struck me most was that the boys didn't have the confidence. A major problem I faced was the lack of will. You call it aggression, we say it is 'will'. The will to take a beating and the will to give one back,\" he explained to TOI during a chat prior to the Olympics.Fernandez has taken a keen interest in unraveling the reasons for the rise in Indian boxing. \"The Haryana boys have greater power and strength, those from the North-East have more speed,\" he explained.\"Crucially, boys from Haryana and North East show that crucial will. There are so many good boys from the South who are very good technically, but do not come up because they suffer from lack of will,\" he had said during the chat. According to Fernandez, \"Earlier, India dominated the upper weight categories. Today, you cannot even think of entering the qualification.\" he said. Chief among the reasons was the break-up of the Soviet Bloc through the 1990s and their entry in the Asian scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592825", "title": "Streets in Old City remain messy as bins go missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Streets in the Old City had donned an unholy look during the holy month of Ramzan, what with overflowing garbage bins especially in shopping hubs raising an unbearable stink. Now with the COP 11 scheduled for October, the situation remains grave in the South Zone with more than 40% of garbage collection bins in the wards either mysteriously missing or lying damaged.Pathergatti corporator Mohsin Balala said garbage disposal during Ramzan was worse than other days. \"Pathergatti is a crowded commercial area. Being a shopping season, shops and hotels were crowded and hence more garbage was accumulated. The GHMC promised to lift garbage twice a day, but that did not happen. The garbage collectors even skipped coming regularly claiming that the heavy traffic prevented them from entering the lanes.\"Rein Bazaar corporator Khaja Bilal Ahmed complained about missing bins in his ward. \"There are 13 damaged bins in my area. Several of these had gone missing. Civic officials promised replacements and the issue was also discussed in the last standing committee meeting where it was said that some employees involved in lifting garbage were responsible for the bins missing. Dogged pursuance of the issue only resulted in the mysterious return of the old damaged bins,\" he said. Ahmed said areas in Bada Bazaar near Murtaza playground, Unique School and near Rein Bazaar Chaman are worst affected by overflowing garbage.South Zone has more than 200 bins in its 43 wards with each ward having at least five bins and some as many as 10 placed at major garbage collection points. Talaab Chanchalam corporator Mohammed Wajahat Ali Khan said, \"There are six bins in my area and half of them are badly damaged. I have made representations to officials for new bins but even the existing ones have not been repaired.\" Talaab Chanchalam is one of those areas where collection points inside narrow lanes prevent garbage-lifting vehicles from accessing the bins warranting manual labour.With Ganesh Chaturthi starting on September 19, garbage accumulation is set to increase and its collection expected to slacken owing to a dip in manpower during the holiday season. Corporators say that the GHMC should immediately address the situation before the start of the 10-day festival on September 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595320", "title": "\u2018Over 120 attended pool party at Club\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The guest list provided by Harjit Singh to the local police has the names of 80 persons including some couples but more than 120 persons had gathered at the controversial, \"Island Pool Party,\" at the Lake Club on August 19. The party was booked on behalf of Harjit Singh, an official with an event promotion company. Police have only quizzed four youths who had attended the party. It has failed to find if any teenager had attended the party. Police have even failed to establish if liquor or drugs were consumed at the party.The four youths who were questioned maintained in their statements that they came to the party because there was no entry fee for it. When asked about what they wore, they maintained 'beach wear' was the dress code for the party.SHO of the Sector 3 police station, inspector Neeraj Sarna, said statements of these persons have been forwarded to the administration's probe committee headed by ADC Mahavir Kaushik.The video-clippings collected from the club revealed that a number of persons entered the Lake Club and joined the party though they didn't seem to have prior information about the party. The party had started around 6.30pm but things went out of hand when it started raining and people started jumping into the swimming pool. Former general manager (GM) Rajiv Tuli was also present at the club during the party.Police sources said senior administrative officials only came to know about the party when an IAS officer of Punjab cadre saw the party and informed one of the top bureaucrats of Chandigarh administration, who rushed to the spot and then informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592436", "title": "Stretches waterlogged, traffic hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tuesday's downpour waterlogged many arterial roads in the city, once again washing away civic agencies' claims of rain preparedness. Traffic was thrown out of gear in several areas, leading to snarls at peak hours. Commuters had to wade through waterlogged stretches in Green Park, Vasant Vihar, Saket and Bhogal.For Sunil Yadav, who works with an MNC in Gurgaon, the 45-minute ride to office from his Safdarjung residence stretched for more than two hours. \"I missed an important meeting because the traffic was barely moving. Waterlogging and the ensuing traffic jams have become a perennial problem. Every year the same story is repeated even after a short spell of rain,\" said an exasperated Yadav.Even as the water was drained out by afternoon, South Delhi Municipal Corporation blamed PWD for the mess. Corporation officials say that all 64 complaints that poured in were regarding stretches that are now under the ambit of PWD. A total of 499 60ft wide roads were transferred to PWD earlier.\"After the PWD took over 512 roads from us, the three corporations are left with very few areas that are prone to waterlogging. Desilting drains along these roads is now the responsibility of PWD. We have cleaned drains in our areas, achieving the target of collecting 91,000 metric tonnes of silt before July 31. The silt has even made its way to the waste-to-energy plants,\" said a South corporation official. He added that all 1,131 pumps were functional in waterlogged areas.But PWD officials dismissed the corporation's claims, saying that their workers were on their feet the whole time, trying to control the situation. \"Earlier, the capital would come to a standstill whenever it rained. But since the roads have been transferred to PWD, the number of waterlogging complaints has come down. The water drained out soon after the showers,\" said a PWD official.Meanwhile, traffic was severely affected on Ring Road from the end of Bhishma Pitamah Marg flyover to Pragati Vihar Hostel. Only late in the afternoon did the situation return to normalcy. \"Several cars and buses broke down adding to the traffic chaos on Ring Road,\" said a traffic cop.Several other areas that witnessed waterlogging included the Bhogal bus stand, the stretch from CRRI to Modi Mill, Mathura Road, Rani Jhansi Road and Karol Bagh. Motorists going from Faridabad to Noida were advised by traffic cops to take Agra Canal Road instead of Mathura Road around 10.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592940", "title": "Jilted man blows up lover's house in Aliganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped Madiaon police station area, when an explosion at a house in Aliganj Phase II resulted in a huge fire on the intervening night of August 19 and 20 allegedly at the behest of a man who had a strained relationship with his wife for the past sometime. The accused, who was arrested by the police from Rae Bareli the next day has been identified as Ranvijay Singh alias Ranjit, a resident of Barabanki. Ranjit also received burn injuries on his hands and face, the police said. On receiving the information, the police and fire tenders rushed to the spot to douse the flames.His wife Sarika Singh, on whose complaint Ranvijay was arrested, was living along with her sister Megha Singh at the ground floor of the said house on rent. Fortunately, both the sisters were not present in the house when the incident took place. Both had gone to their native place in Lakhimpur Khiri. Coincidently, another family that of Akhilesh Verma, which lives on the first floor of the house, was also not present in the house, the police said and added that Verma had a miraculous escape. Verma ran out of the house no sooner than he heard the noise of explosion, the police said.The house is owned by Brijmohan Sharma, a resident of Bakshi Ka Talab locality. Though the accused claimed that explosion took place when he lit the matchstick, which resulted in fire, police said that circumstances hint towards the fact that a high intensity explosive was used.\"To ascertain the nature of explosive, teams of forensic departments from Agra and Lucknow and bomb disposal squad were pressed into service. After a detail examination of the place, the teams collected samples,\" said circle officer, Aliganj, Anees Ahmed Ansari and added the report in this regard is still awaited.Neighbours and eyewitnesses told the police that at around 3.00 a.m. on the intervening night, they woke up hearing a loud explosion. What they then saw was that the house was engulfed in fire.About the damages in the fire, the circle officer said that property including computer, two two-wheelers and other valuables worth lakhs of rupees were burnt in the fire.Sarika in her complaint stated before the police that she had married Ranvijay. However, she had estranged relationship with him at the moment and was living in a rented house and was pursuing LLB. On the intervening night, when she and her sister were in Khiri, Ranvijay along with his aides came to her house and set it on fire, she alleged in the FIR.The police said that Ranvijay was admitted in a hospital in Rae Bareli from where he was arrested. An application seeking police remand of Ranvijay to ascertain the truth would be given before the court of law, the circle officer further told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593676", "title": "Witnesses allege threat from accused", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Witnesses in Aprani Krishnakumar murder case has alleged that they were being intimidated by the accused in the case. The key witness, Ullas, told district and sessions judge B Sudheendra Kumar on Tuesday that he received threats from the accused and he even feared that they might harm him if he deposed against them.On Tuesday, two unidentified persons threatened Ullas' mother Santha, on Chakkai - Kazhakoottam bypass road, while she was on her way to the court. The assailants, who came on a motorcycle that did not bear a registration plate, chased the vehicle in which Santha was travelling and threatened her of dire consequences.Pettah police has registered a case after receiving a complaint from Santha. The judge was also apprised of the matter.Meanwhile, Ullas identified Ambalamukku Krishnakumar and Jamanthi Arun, who are the sixth and seventh accused respectively. However, Ullas failed to identify the rest of the accused. As many as seven persons out of the total 11 accused were present in the court. Accused one, two, four and five; 3D Arun, Peeli Shibu, Ameer and Karate Suresh respectively are absconding after they got bail. Ullas said that he could identify them anytime.Pratheesh alias Kochuvava (accused no. 3), Sajilal (A8), Om Prakash (A9), Prasanth (A10) and Venukuttan (A11) are the other accused in the case.Meanwhile another witness Saju was declared hostile by the court after he refused to identify the accused. Saju, was the driver of the car in which Krishnakumar was travelling, when he was hacked to death on February 20, 2007.Five out of the seven eyewitnesses in the case have not appeared before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598471", "title": "Abhijit Panse all set for his directorial debut in M'wood", "text": "The President of Shivsena's Indian Film Sangha &amp; Marathi Literature, Shri Abhijit Panse is all set to debut in Marathi film Industry as a director. The muhurat of his film titled as 'Rege' was held recently by Shivsena MLA Sanjay Raut at Kamalistan Studio.The film is made under the banner of 'The Artbit' and is produced by Dr. Sushas Sankhe and Abhijit Panse. Aaroh Velankar, Pushkar Shrotri, Santosh Juvekar, Parvin Tarde, Mahesh Manjrekar form the cast of the film. Mahesh Limaye is the cinematographer while Avadhoot Gupte is the music director of the film.The film focuses on the life problems of young generation and how they try to solve it. It is scheduled to release in January 2013.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "15594085", "title": "Patient's body thrown out of doc's clinic", "text": "NAWADA: Panicked by the unexpected death of a patient, who was in the family way, at a private clinic in Nawada town, the clinic attendants threw her body near the Sadar hospital gate in the wee hours on Tuesday in order to put the Sadar hospital in the dock. However, the unfortunate victim's ordeal did not end here as the BDO refused to provide ex-gratia on the ground that she was married to a man in UP.According to sources, one Kiran Devi, 35, of Nemdarganj under Akbarpur PS, who was in the third trimester of her pregnancy, was admitted to former Nawada civil surgeon Dr Savitri Sharma's private clinic on Monday night. Kiran was married to Guddu Kumar, a barber from UP. But after being administered a pain-killer injection, she died around 3 am on Tuesday. To suppress the issue, the attendants threw her body on the gate of the adjacent Sadar hospital.When the facts came to light, a huge mob converged and blocked the Nawada-Jamui main road in protest. Nawada BDO Kumkum Srivastava, somehow, pacified the crowd and said that adequate compensation will be provided by Akbarpur BDO SK Sinha, since the victim belonged to Akbarpur.But the Akbarpur BDO informed ToI that he refused to announce any ex-gratia payment to the victim's family on the grounds that since she was wedded to a man from UP, it was the duty of the UP government to provide ex-gratia payment. The Town police station SHO Upendra Sah said despite his advice to the victim's father-in-law, Raja Thakur, to lodge an FIR, the latter refused to do so in order to avoid post-ortem of Kiran Devi.Dr. Savitri Sharma said Kiran was directed to her clinic by a female quack, Pratima Kumari, of Gondapur village under Town PS on Monday night after she failed to provide relief to Kiran Devi. After conducting an ultrasound, the patient was informed that her delivery date was due on 23-9-2012. However, the patient complained of severe abdominal pain soon after being admitted. She was administered a pain killing injection but succumbed after midnight.Dr Sharma denied that her attendants had thrown the body at the gate of the Sadar hospital and said the victim's attendants had taken her away from her clinic for further treatment. Sources, however, added that a hefty amount was spent to pacify the victim's enraged family as well as to manage the Town police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594019", "title": "Margao's Ravindra Bhavan to get Rs 2cr budget", "text": "MARGAO: At the end of the first Ravindra Bhavan general council meeting, it was decided to create a budgetary provision of 1.5 crore to 2 crore to fund various cultural programmes and platforms for the year 2012-13. The year-long plan envisages making Ravindra Bhavan a centre for South Goa, for cultural activities and a platform to promote creative arts where a range of courses, awards, workshops and other events would take place throughout the year to promote the varied cultural diversity of the state.While the budget also includes improving the infrastructure of the building in terms of constructing a library, a music room and parking facilities, the general council chairman Damodar Naik indicated that the feasibility of the proposal of Union minister of information and broadcasting Ambika Soni to provide two small auditoriums at Ravindra Bhavan would have to be re-evaluated by the state government.Naik was addressing mediapersons on Tuesday after the general council meeting that was also attended by South Goa district collector N D Agarwal, Margao municipal council chief officer Srinet Kotwale and Ravindra Bhavan's member secretary Y B Tawde.When the Union minister, Soni, had visited Goa to check on the venue of last year's International film festival of India (Iffi) inaugural ceremony, she had made that announcement in a bid to enhance the facilities at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao.Responding to queries, Naik said that today's meeting was to discuss the cultural programmes and other infrastructure technicalities and that the decision on the two auditoriums would have to be discussed further by the board of directors and the state government. \"I cannot give any official comment on this matter,\" said Naik. He added that the two auditoriums which would require 28 crore of central funds had a seating capacity of 550 and 200 respectively and given that the council wished to construct other facilities, the feasibility of having such an auditorium had to be reassessed.On the need to accommodate parking requirements, Naik pointed out the total land size of Ravindra Bhavan was 3,000 sq m. Only 40% was used for the building and that current parking facilities used 270 sq m for four wheelers and 200 sq m for two wheelers.\"Our parking expansion plan is to accommodate 500-1,000 vehicles,\" added Naik, while pointing out that most of the land was already being used for the garden, lawn, electricity transformer, generator amongst other such features.Naik stated that the inaugural and closing ceremony will not be held at Ravindra Bhavan, but at Panaji and that the screening of films would continue to take place at Ravindra Bhavan. Naik, however, hit out at the previous government and claimed that no proper tenders were floated for the renovation works that was carried last year for Iffi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594165", "title": "Congress to support 'mines' dharna", "text": "PANAJI: Blasting the BJP government for threatening to cancel the appointments of about 200 mining field supervisors on the pretext that these appointments were illegal, the Congress party has pledged its full support to the dharna of the affected field supervisors at Azad Maidan, Panaji, on Wednesday.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Congress general secretary Sankalp Amonkar said that the appointments of the mines field supervisors were done by the earlier Congress government by following the due process of law. Amonkar said that about 230 posts of mining field supervisors were advertised by the government and all legal formalities were followed in a process spanning about 10 months ending on December 6, 2012. The election code of conduct came much later, Amonkar said. Amonkar accused chief minister Manohar Parrikar of misguiding the people on the issue. He said Parrikar is claiming that all offer letters to the 200 candidates bear the same number and therefore the offer letters are illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15598733", "title": "Indian IT, BPO companies hire more visa experts, immigration lawyers in US", "text": "BANGALORE: An increasing number of Indian IT and BPO companies are hiring visa experts and immigration lawyers in the US to ensure that every visa petition they file is fully compliant with immigration, labour and wage norms.One reason for this is the growing number of lawsuits in the US related to visa misuse. The other is that bodies like the US Citizenship and Immigration Service, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the US Department of Labour have launched a visa compliance audit among MNCs. The audit is being conducted with retrospective effect, going back up to 7 years.Sajai Singh, senior partner at law firm J Sagar Associates, says the issue of compliance is critical in the US. \"Be it FCPA (Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), or export control regulations or the US Patriot Act or Money Laundering Act, the US is very strict. Many of our clients are addressing compliance issues,\" he says.For many IT companies, more than 60% of their revenues come from the US. With the country becoming stricter, compliance is becoming critical . Statutory requirements related to visa filing, immigration, wage fixing , employee benefits, etc cannot any longer be compromised. Documentation of data is also critical.Murali Kakolu, global head of immigration in HCL Technologies , says most companies are strengthening their immigration departments by hiring specialist attorneys and senior immigration experts to make sure that everything is done legitimately.Umesh Vaidyamath, CEO of USbased immigration compliance firm INSZoom, says Indian enterprises are increasingly getting a grip of the new reality in the US.Shaheed Khan, head of immigration at Tech Mahindra , says the company has engaged immigration lawyers in the US to support them with every visa petition that is filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593431", "title": "Centre eye on rise of Muslim rebel groups", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre has no inputs of any Muslim militant outfits operating in the state but it is on an alert to preempt the emergence of any such insurgent groups.Sources pointed out that some outfits like Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam (Multa) and Muslim United Liberation Front of Assam (Mulfa) were thought to be active immediately after the Bodo-Muslim ethnic violence in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas. \"Some persons were reported to be raising donations in the name of Multa and Mulfa after the clashes between the Muslims and the Bodos in the recent past. But right now, there are no operating Muslim outfits in the state, in terms of either insurgency or jihad,\" a security source said. \"Presence of sleeper agents cannot be ruled out,\" he added.The National Commission for Minorities (NCM) has submitted a report on the recent clash between Bodos and Muslims in lower Assam where it has warned that Muslims in Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) might be supplied arms from jihadi elements. \"The conflict was unequal because the Bodos had left over arms from the BLT (AK-47 etc). The Muslims are very poorly armed in comparison. There can be grave danger in future in case militant jihadi outfits from the rest of the country start supplying lethal weapons in this area,\" the NCM report stated.State home secretary G D Tripathy said the state government is keeping its eyes and ears open. \"It has been proved that the recent developments have been fuelled from outside the country. We are keeping a strict vigil to stop any person from being used by divisive forces,\" he said.At one point of time, between 1995 and 2006, there were quite a few Muslim outfits like the Harkat-ul-Jehad, Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, apart from Multa and Mulfa in the state, and they were found to be directly supported by Pakistan's ISI. These outfits are now reported to be inactive.Several Muslim bodies have alleged the presence of a large number of illegal arms in BTAD areas and have demanded their seizure. The government has also assured to look into this and seize all such weapons. At the same time, security agencies say that illegal arms are not present in the Bodo areas but are possessed by the Muslims too. \"We have reports of individuals having illegal arms and the important question is how fast the government recovers them,\" a security source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592504", "title": "Greens want 2 controversial members from forest committee dropped", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as a group of 79 conservationists, academicians and wildlife experts on Monday asked Union minister of state for environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan to drop two controversial independent members from the reconstituted the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC), one of them, KP Nyati has termed the allegations against him as baseless.In the memorandum, the group has demanded to cancel the appointment of Nyati, independent environment consultant, and NP Todaria, dean of School of Agriculture and Allied Sciences in HNB Garhwal University. The 7-member FAC was reconstituted on August 3.The four fixed members of the FAC are director general of forests (chairman), additional DG forest conservation, additional commissioner soil conservation and inspector general of forests (secretary). Mohammed Firoz Ahmed of Assam is another independent expert member.Himanshu Thakkar and Parineeta Dandekar of South Asia Network on the Delhi-based Dams, Rivers and People said the appointments would prove disastrous for the forests. They have also questioned the absence of a woman in the committee.The memorandum says Nyati has been part of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and represents the interests of the industries. \"There is clear conflict of interest in his case,\" it said.Nyati has been the CEO of Sustainable Mining Initiative (SMI). SMI includes major mining companies like Tata, NMDC , NALCO, Hindustan Zinc , Rungta, Essel, Rio Tinto, Sesa Goa and ACC, among others. All these mining companies are keenly interested in projects that require diversion of huge forest land.Nyati, while talking to TOI from Bhopal on Tuesday, has denied all the allegations saying he quit CII in 2009 and SMI in March this year. \"I'm now an independent professional with focus on environment protection and sustainability. I'm for conservation of forests,\" he said. \"Those criticizing me have circulated my three-year-old biodata.\"He claimed to be on several committees of the MoEF. \"This wouldn't have been possible had I been controversial as is being alleged,\" Nyati said, adding that he never \"lobbied for being on the FAC nor has he ever met Natarajan\".An e-mail to Todaria did not evoke any response.According to Thakkar, Nyati provides consultancy and training services to the Indian industry in the environment field. \"He is also involved in facilitation of environmental technology transfer and business linkages internationally. These facts conclusively establish that Nyati is not independent. He has supported interests of corporates,\" said Thakkar.Todaria, the memorandum says, has been preparing environment impact assessment (EIA) and related reports of a number of hydropower projects in India. The reports have supported and justified the projects causing damage to forests.The memorandum adds that the EIA of many projects authored by Todaria in the recent past has been rejected for forest clearances. This includes the Kotli Bhel and Rupsiabagar-Khasiabara (both in Uttaranchal) hydropower projects. \"Such questionable reports underline that his independence and his credentials on the issues that FAC is supposed to look into cannot be trusted,\" said Thakkar.On April 16, the MoEF dropped at least 24 large hydro projects in planning and clearance stages in the Ganga basin. Within weeks, Todaria wrote a letter to the prime minister justifying hydropower projects in Uttarakhand. \"This is a good reason for Todaria's disqualification,\" said the memorandum.Thakkar says the appointments of Nyati and Todaria as 'non official members' are also in violation of the orders of the Supreme Court. \"It would be a very shocking defence indeed if you continue to maintain even now that these appointments are in the best interest of forest conservation,\" says the memorandum.However, Nyati claimed that he is the only expert in the FAC \"who can say what will happen to a forest if part of it is diverted for mining or thermal power projects\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594675", "title": "Don\u2019t want surgical separation of my daughters, mother of conjoined twins tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mother of conjoined twins Saba and Farah has put an emotional spanner into the Supreme Court's efforts in seeking expert opinion on possible surgical separation to increase their chance of survival.In a letter to the bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra, the twin's mother Rabiya Khatoon said, \"I humbly request you that I don't want the operation of my daughters to be done.\"The letter, dated August 5 and written in Hindi, narrated that the parents were concerned about deteriorating health of the twins since their treatment at Apollo Hospital in Delhi. They also narrated the difficulty faced by them in taking care of the daughters and requested the court to arrange monthly financial support to feed and take care of Saba and Farah.The apex court, acting on a PIL filed by Aarushi Dhasmana, had directed the Bihar government and the Centre to arrange for their shifting to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for examination by a team of experts.As per the directive, the Bihar government had sanctioned Rs 6 lakh and deputed a civil surgeon to accompany the twins for bringing them here by an air-ambulance. But just ahead of their departure on August 7, the parents wished to continue their treatment in Patna.Additional solicitor general Sidharth Luthra handed over a copy of the letter to the bench, which was unable to fathom the mother's change of heart in getting the twins treated at AIIMS. \"This letter does not seem to be written by the lady,\" said the bench. But the bench did not lose sight of the fact that the parents could be wary of coming here because of their past experience.\"We cannot compel her but possibly nobody is taking interest to make them understand,\" the bench said. It asked additional solicitor general Indira Jaising, who too represented the Centre, whether there was a possibility for any surgical intervention.\"It is a sensitive issue. Parents are not agreeing to treatment. But at the same time we want to have a medical report whether surgery is possible. Let the medical team go to Patna ,\" the bench said and posted the matter after three weeks by when the team is expected to submit its report to the Court.The ministry of health and family welfare nominated two experts from AIIMS \u2014 Prof Minu Bajpai from the department of paediatric surgery and Prof A K Bisoi from the department of cardiothoracic and vascular surgery \u2014 and Dr Benjamin Carson of Apollo Hospital.However, when Bajpai and Bisoi visited Apollo Hospital on July 18, they learnt that Dr Carson was not an employee of Apollo Hospital but was a visitor at the time the twins were treated there. Apollo Hospital also said, \"it would not be possible to retrieve the case records (of Saba and Farah) immediately\", and named Dr Mukul Varma in place of Dr Carson.The committee of Bajpai, Bisoi and Varma in its status report to the court said a thorough physical examination should be conducted to \"assess the current physical condition\" of the twins to deliberate on the future course of medical management, including expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593295", "title": "Low attendance at schools, colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: The MNS rally from Chowpatty to Azad Maidan, which attracted thousands, hit several south Mumbai schools and colleges on Tuesday. Considering the recent Azad Maidan riots, many schools and colleges in the vicinity reported low attendance. Educational institutions got calls from parents of those present through the day.\"We didn't want to take chances, so we cancelled after-school activities and sent children home at 2:30pm. Everything went off smoothly and our children reached home safely,\" said Meera Isaacs, principal, Cathedral &amp; John Connon School, Fort. While G D Somani School at Cuffe Parade saw little difference in attendance, its school bus services were affected. \"We decided against shutting the school because of rallies and conducted school as usual. However, I was informed that the school bus service was hit and many got dropped off home late due to traffic regulations,\" said M P Sharma, school principal.Most ICSE schools in south Mumbai have their mid-term vacations and, therefore, remained unaffected while others such as Anjuman-I-Islam Allana English High School at CST were shut for Ramzan.Alexandra Girls High School in Fort had decided to run the school like any other day but parents requested their wards be let off early. \"Many parents came to our gate in the afternoon and wanted to take their wards home, and we didn't mind that. For the rest of us, it was a normal day,\" said Freny Mehta, principal of the school.Attendance at some colleges was hit. \"We received calls from worried parents in the morning and some requested that we shut for the day. Since we didn't, attendance was low and only those who had practicals came in,\" said Ashok Wadia, in-charge principal of Jai Hind College. At H R College, Churchgate, the morning batch was as usual but attendance dipped in the afternoon, said Indu Shahani, principal of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594763", "title": "Municipal Sena demands frozen pay scale for employees", "text": "NASHIK: The Municipal Sena has demanded that the government guidelines of frozen pay scale be implemented for employees who have completed 12 years and that class IV employees be promoted as class III after 12 years.Chairman of the Municipal Sena, Shivaji Sahane proposed to the municipal commissioner that those employees who have not been promoted after 12 years due to some reason be given the frozen pay scale. He has also demanded that class IV employees be promoted to class III after 12 years of service even if they do not have the basic qualification.We have also asked for frozen pay scale to security guards who have not been promoted because they haven't passed Std X like some of the fire brigade staff. The municipal commissioner has formally approved the proposals and agreed to forward it to the government,\" said Sahane.They have also asked for the medical allowance of employees to be raised from Rs 1,000 to 2,500. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said the decision will be taken after considering the financial status of the NMC.Sahane added that the NMC contribute an equal amount for the employee's welfare fund. The municipal commissioner said the NMC would contribute if the proposal is approved. \"If an employee is sick, he gets maximum Rs 25,000 from this fund. We have demanded Rs 50,000 and the cheque will go directly to the hospital. We also asked for a mediclaim policy from the employee's welfare fund for the employee, his wife and two children below 18 years of age,\" he said. The commissioner agreed to discuss the issue with some insurance companies. \"As per government guidelines, whenever there is a 50% vacancy, posts will be filled up by direct recruitment and another 50% through promotion,\" said Sahane.The commissioner gave his approval. The Municipal Sena said for extra work, drivers be paid Rs 125 per hour rat8her than Rs 40, sanitary employees be provided with uniforms and shoes every year rather than every two years, and retired employees get dues cleared on the day of retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593739", "title": "Corporation plans major Onam illumination", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is going to be a glittering Onam this time for the city residents. The corporation has decided to go in for a major illumination programme in the city as part of its onam celebrations. The corporation has reached an agreement with KSEB to light up all the sodium vapour lamps and high-mast lights in various stretches that had become dysfunctional since the last few months.In addition, the entire corporation building will be lit up with colourful LED lamps. The sudden spurt in electricity charges is not going to affect corporation's plans. \"We run it using a generator. It costs much less than the actual electricity expense,\" said V S Padmakumar, chairman, works standing committee.Besides, the corporation will also illuminate the Ayyankali square as part of the onam celebrations. \"We have had talks with various firms in this regard and the square will be decked up with LED lights,\" added Padmakumar. The corporation has also decided to chalk out effective parking lots in view of the bustling traffic during the Onam celebrations.\"We have identified certain spots in the city for parking. We have to finalize it with the traffic police before the lots can be marked as parking areas before Onam,\" said a corporation official. He added that the corporation will zero in on some of the school and college campuses in the city for parking.Putharikandam ground will serve as the main parking lot. \"If possible campuses of University college, Fort high school, Attakulangara UPS might also be used for parking during the Onam fair. The corporation might also go in for a pay and use parking system for this Onam,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15595431", "title": "No lessons learnt from Mahi's death; after Gurgaon, it could be Sonipat now", "text": "SONIPAT: It seems that Sonipat district administration is waiting for a repeat of the Manesar tragedy, in which little Mahi lost his life, in the city. For, in a glaring case of negligence, many manholes are left open in streets of several colonies here for the last many months, posing threat to residents, especially children.Despite complaints by residents to concerned authorities, the district administration as well as civic body have turned a blind eye towards these open manholes, which could turn into death traps, sources said. According to residents of colonies like Jawahar Nagar, Ram Nagar, Ashok Vihar, Bhagat Singh Colony and Mayapuri, around 20 manholes, as deep as 10 feet, located in the middle of congested streets, have been left without covering lids.A Sonipat resident, Surender Pawar, told TOI that unsuspecting pedestrians could fall into these holes as there was no signboard or any other indication, made near these sites. \"I sustained a minor injury as I drove my motorcycle over one such hole while crossing a street in Jawahar Nagar colony two days ago. Residents are living under the constant threat of falling into these holes.\" Children are more exposed to this threat of getting trapped in these holes, he added.A woman resident, Rajni, stated, \"I have barred my two kids, aged 4 and 6, from getting out of the house alone as the open manhole is just a few metres away from our house in the street. It's about 10 feet deep. We have to take extreme care whenever passing through that area with kids.\"Sanjay Kumar, municipal councillor of ward number 25, admitted that there are several open manholes in ward number 25 and 26. \"I have spotted many such manholes and even got it covered. But still there are many uncovered manholes. Though the work of overhauling and repair of sewerage system is on, I would urge the municipal council chairperson to get these manholes covered expeditiously.\"Executive engineer, public health, J K Bansal, however maintained that they had got around 200 manholes covered in the last three months, but it seemed that these are being stolen. \"I will look into the matter and take quick action.\"Local MLA Kavita Jain of BJP however maintained that she had taken up the issue with the district administration several times recently and also forced them to cover these manholes. \"Yet, several manholes are left uncovered which are obviously posing a threat to the public,\" she said. \"I am also planning to raise the issue during the next assembly session\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15598980", "title": "Govt trying to misuse CBI to dilute cases against partymen: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Wednesday attacked the government for \"misusing\" CBI to help its supporters, saying the probe agency had not included the name of sacked Commonwealth Games Organising Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi in the charge sheet in the Queens Baton Relay (QBR) scam.\"We were surprised and shocked...There is no mention of Kalmadi's name in the charge sheet,\" BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu told reporters here after BJP parliamentary meeting chaired by L K Advani.He charged the government with trying to bail out its leaders and supporters by misusing the investigating agency.\"This is another instance of how the government is trying to misuse the investigating agencies and then dilute the cases against its supporters and party people,\" Naidu said.Naidu said there were not one or two scams that Congress- led UPA government was involved in and accused it of protecting their perpetrators.\"It is not one scam or scandal. Continuously from day one, scams and scandals worth lakhs of crores of rupees have come out and the government always tried to stand by the perpetrators of the scam. They never took any action,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594904", "title": "PGI to set up chamber for bolstering cancer patients", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Asha was first diagnosed with breast cancer , she was shattered. Had it not been for some words of comfort from paramedics, Asha and others like her would have been left alone to deal with the shock and impending sense of doom. Seeing the success of communicating with patients after the dreaded word cancer is spelt out, the school of public health in PGI will start a room outside the doctors' chamber to provide solace to patients coming to PGI's gynaecology department from September onwards. The project has been approved by the department of biotechnology, Delhi.Besides severe diseases, adolescent related pain during menstruation will also be dealt with. Moreover, it is often seen that not much attention is given in hospitals on emphasizing upon the patients and their relatives about the effectiveness of `conservative' management of various maladies. \"Human body's power of self- healing needs to be strongly emphasized. This would help in creating a favourable health promoting culture. Setting up a multipurpose behaviour therapy room will be an effective step in this direction,\" said Dr Amarjeet Singh, main investigator, school of public health, PGI.The idea is also to train caregivers of patients and reduce dependence on doctors after treatment. As the main investigator of the project said, \"There is an inherent element of de-medicalization in this project. This approach will reduce the dependence of patients on doctors and medicines. Simultaneously, this will help to instill a sense of confidence among patients and their caregivers. When they will observe the positive results of their taking charge of their own health, their belief in self efficacy will be strengthened.\"Women who have to undergo removal of the breast following cancer face post-surgery complications. They are now being trained for some exercises which can reduce shoulder dysfunction ---one of the post-surgery complications. \"We train patients and their attendants in various exercises, as busy doctors are not in a position to do so,\" said Dr Sukhpal Kaur of the National Institute of Nursing Education at the PGI. Issues like menopause blues, menstrual pain, baby care after delivery to menstrual cramps will be managed with exercises, dietary modifications and proper counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593255", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to roll in on September 11", "text": "RANCHI: The Red Ribbon Express which started its journey from Delhi on January 12, 2012, will arrive in Jharkhand on September 11 for a 10day visit. Unlike the last time where the train stopped at small cities like Ramgarh and Saraikela, this time the focus is on cities like Ranchi, Dhanbad, Bokaro and Jamshedpur to reach out to as many people as possible in the state.The train will first arrive in Dhanbad and remain there for three days. Thereafter, it will go to Ranchi on September 14. It next destination will be Bokaro and last will be Jamshedpur. \"This is for the third time the train is running after the usual two-year gap. Its objective is to make people aware, particularly youths, about a healthy sexual life,\" said Birendra Prasad, additional project director, Jharkhand State AIDS Control Society (JSACS).He said a testing laboratory will be a new feature in the coaches this time. \"There will be a total of six coaches attached to the train. Coach one, two and three will have advertisements on HIV, sexually transmitted diseases, sexual life and condom promotion. Awareness will be created through audio, video and digital mode. The fourth coach will be for the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM),\" he said.The fifth coach will be for the counselors who will counsel the people. Counseling will take place in three batches. The sixth coach will be for medical check up and testing laboratory facility. The NSS and NCC will coordinate to control the crowd. \"Last time (in 2010) there were 55,000 people who directly visited the train and 12,000 who benefited through outreach activities. This time we expect more people,\" said Meenakshi Prakash, assistant director, documentation and publicity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594820", "title": "Youths rob 2 women of gold chains in 2 sectors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after the broad daylight robbery that took place at the house an Ex-MLA in Sector 28, when his wife was alone at home, unidentified youths targeted two women and snatched their gold chains on Tuesday.Both incidents were reported in the morning hours and in one of the incidents, the victim, Pushpa Devi, 55, of Sector 7 suffered injuries on her neck. Police have failed to make any headway in both the snatching cases. Pushpa said, \"I was returning from my morning walk when someone caught hold of my neck from behind near a park in Sector 7. Initially, I thought a monkey had attacked me but soon I realized that my gold chain had been snatched, when I saw a youth running and escaping on a motorcycle parked on the roadside. Another youth was waiting near the bike and the two drove away.\" Pushpa informed the police on reaching her house. A case has been registered.Another incident was reported in Sector 38. Avinash Kumari was sitting outside her house when an unidentified youth, approached her and asked about the location of a house in same sector. In her statement to the police, Avinash said that as she turned back after giving the directions, the youth snatched her gold chain. He escaped on a motorcycle parked near her house, where another youth was waiting for him.A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "15592455", "title": "Flood water enters mine, work stopped", "text": "WARANGAL: Mining works were abruptly stopped at Bhupalpally here on Tuesday due to heavy waterlogging at the opencast mines due to the flooding of the area by the Godavari waters.Sources said production to the tune of 3,000 tonnes was affected.Though the mining activity in the underground incline continued without any hindrance, the work in the opencast mines was hit due to the flood water entering the mine area.Some 360 workers stopped the excavation works as the flood water gushed into the opencast blocks. A fortnight ago, the mining works were affected causing a heavy loss to the Singareni company when the area was flooded.The authorities said that efforts would be made to pump out the flood waters to resume the mining operations at the opencast mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592476", "title": "Centre, Twitter in face-off over PMO parody accounts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government and popular social media site Twitter are locked in a confrontation over half-a-dozen accounts that the Centre feels \"misrepresent\" the Prime Minister's Office but which the web-based platform has so far refused to shut down.The clash over the accounts is playing out at a time when the government has also asked social media to remove sites posting incendiary and untrue information on the Assam riots and its fallout. On this count, too, Twitter hosts certain pages found to be objectionable.However, the point of contention, as far as PMO is concerned, are \"imposters\" who have put up accounts that mimic the prime minister's official @PMOIndia handle. PMO wrote to Twitter in June seeking action against these accounts but with the site not complying till date, service providers have been asked to block these pages.The sites that got PMO's goat are parody accounts with similar sounding names like @PM0India (O has been replaced with a zero), @Indian_pm and @PMOIndiaa. Blocking the six accounts is seen as a warning that the government will not allow misrepresentation of a high office like PMO.Efforts to close accounts that mimic the government is the latest friction point between the government and social media. Over the past year, particularly in the wake of social media becoming a catalyst for anti-corruption protests directed against the government, efforts have been made to rein in sites like Google and Facebook.A PMO official said the government was not overreacting. \"We are fine with parody, even though at times it is in bad taste, and there is criticism of the government. But we cannot allow anyone to misrepresent the PM's office and tweet nonsense from these accounts,\" he said.\"The trigger for the latest move was when one of these accounts recently tweeted communally-sensitive statements aimed at inciting social strife,\" said the official. Sources said ISPs have been roped in to block the accounts locally. Incidentally, several months ago, Twitter came out with a tool it claimed would allow it to block tweets or accounts on a country-basis.A look at the sites shows they lack the finesse or biting humour of a popular takeoff on the PM like @dryumyumsingh, but do not seem to be currently posting vicious material - at least as of now. @dryumyumsingh may be left alone but others like @PM0India could be blocked.Sources said PMO wrote to Twitter about the \"fake accounts\" in June. But Twitter did not respond to India's concerns. \"Twitter doesn't have any office in India and hence doesn't come under India laws,\" said an official. In July, the government started looking for some other ways to cut off access to the offending PMO accounts.\"The trigger for the latest move was when one of these accounts recently tweeted communally-sensitive statements aimed at inciting social strife,\" said the official. Sources said ISPs have been roped in to block the accounts locally. Incidentally, several months ago Twitter came out with a tool it claimed would allow it to block tweets or accounts on a country-basis.Reports that Twitter might be banned in its entirety have been denied, perhaps because such a move will attract the charge of being intolerant and arbitrary. But officials said there are other web pages like those dealing with inflammatory material that have not been closed while Google and Facebook have acted promptly.TOI contacted Twitter through its official twitter accounts, asking for a response on its problems with the Indian government . However, the site has, did not respond till late Tuesday evening.According to the Twitter policy, parody accounts are allowed. \"(But) In order to avoid impersonation, an account's profile information should make it clear that the creator of the account is not actually the same person or entity as the subject of the parody/commentary,\" the policy notes.\"If an account is found to be deceptive or misleading, we may request that the user make further changes to bring the account more in line with these best practices. Accounts with a clear intent to deceive may be permanently suspended.\"Times ViewSome websites and social media have been used by various groups to incite violence or fuel insecurity in an already tense situation. The government is right in seeking to put a stop to this kind of anti-national activity. However, it must not use this opportunity to also shut down whatever it finds uncomfortable or embarrassing for itself. Sites that lampoon or parody the government or political leaders cannot be treated on par with those that are deliberately creating a law and order problem. Some parodies may well be in bad taste but that is no reason for the government to act heavy-handed with them. This will only reduce the credibility of the rest of its effort and signal to the rest of the world that India is an illiberal society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595014", "title": "\u2018In anxious times, there is always room for rumour\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Monday's rumour mills on mehendi causing death sent over 600 harried hennaed women to government hospitals in the city. Last week's rumour about the threat of violence against people from the northeast sparked India's largest internal exodus.The rumours may be new, but the mills have been churning for centuries, say psychologists. In India, research has been on for over 75 years with psychologist Jamuna Prasad having studied the psychology of the spread of rumours during earthquakes in north India in 1935.According to Prasad's study, rumours spread the most when anxiety levels are at their peak. As uncertainty and anxiety levels rise, those who find importance in the subject find it difficult to analyse the rumour's credibility. Add internet and instant messaging to that and the rate of transmission increases manifold - rumours used to spread a person at a time, but now it's literally a horde at a time.A month ago, it was the mass-circulated rumour of HIV-positive blood being injected into a popular mango drink that had mothers in Chennai thinking twice before reaching for a tetra pack of juice. A few months ago, Chennaiites beat each other up at petrol bunks because they were told the city was running dry. Years ago, a rumour about the polio vaccine causing impotence triggered panic across the country.According to author and psychoanalyst Sudhir Kakar, \"Rumours are a way of both provoking and mastering anxiety in a situation of threat and violence.\" Canberra-based professor Prashant Bordia, the author of \"Rumour Psychology: Social and Organisational Approaches\", seems to agree with Kakar. He believes they merely give meaning to pre-existing anxieties.Bordia says people may act on the basis of a rumour even if they don't believe it. \"It is a 'better safe than sorry' approach,\" he says. He adds that people tend to spread rumours not just to cause unsettlement but also to seek more information.Also, there is no one type of person who is affected by rumours or spreads it. It tends to be situational - a parent may be involved in a rumour about a school building collapsing, while anxious employees may be connected to rumours spreading about downsizing.Bordia says the rumours that spread the fastest are almost always related to ethnic conflicts and rioting, issues of personal safety or health, and crime. \"And the only way to control or rebut it is to have the rumour denied by a source that is trustworthy to the target audience,\" he says.In Chennai, over the last week, police have been visiting establishments that employ people from the northeast and reassuring them ofthe city being a safe place. Suspected rumour-generators have been arrested. Phone service providers have been instructed to restrict customers to five SMSs a day. Over 100 panic-inducing websites have been blocked. But it may not help, says Bordia, if people affected by the rumour do not trust the spokesperson. \"You need to get someone from the community that has been affected, someone people actually trust, to rubbish the rumour,\" he says.When that happens, the results are positive. As it seems to be with the case of the violence against people the northeast rumour. \"Thanks to the way the police spoke to my staff, many of those who had run away have returned to work,\" says restaurant owner Vipin Sachdev.But when it doesn't happen, well, that's the reason you have people like a Rani S, still refusing to touch a mango drink, or a Mumtaz J staying up all night furiously scrubbing her daughter's mehendi-ed palms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15595019", "title": "Onam celebrations: Ludhiana gets ready for harvest festival", "text": "LUDHIANA: With colour, fragrance and bounties galore in its kitty, Onam is at the doorstep and Malayalis in city are geared to welcome their most-cherished festival in full splendour.For the Malayalis in city, away from home, the festival is a platform where North meets South. \"The beauty of this festival is that it is celebrated across all religions, gender and age \u2014 be it Pookalam-making competition or cooking festive delights. Since we live like an extended family here, festivals like Onam serve as an occasion for get-togethers and great merriment,\" says K Babu, a Malayali businessman who has been living in the city for over 12 years.Onam is also known for the lavish 25-dish lunch served on a banana leaf. As far as the shopkeepers are concerned, their hands are full at this time of the year. They're busy importing the ingredients required to prepare the festive delicacies. \"Being a Malayalee retailer, it becomes my responsibility to provide every ingredient required for the preparation of Ona Sadya,\" says Kurien, 60, a shopkeeper and resident of Kidwai Nagar.\"Students and bachelors in the city who stay away from home come to our hotel for a proper Ona Sadya served in a traditional manner,\" says Renjimon, 42, from Jamalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597833", "title": "A rocking Saturday night at Underground,The HHI", "text": "A part from scanning the skies for the elusive rain,Kolkatans had a lot more to do! On a recent Saturday night,party enthusiasts headed to Underground,The HHI,to hear DJ Kohra play some cool tracks.The DJ,on his part,mixed deep hypnotic grooves with ambient backgrounds to create a lush soundscape.Revellers lived up the evening in style. Gal pals Antara,Rashmi and Pornika unleashed their sartorial choices in the form of loud colours,neon shades and wild prints as they posed pretty for CTs roving eye.Night is young,they say,and the citys partymongers made sure that the night never ended with incessant music and killer moves on the dance floor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15596570", "title": "SRK gets Kat to stay in Ladakh as Aamir waits for her", "text": "The actor insists on Katrina's presence for the entire Ladakh schedule, even as his colleague in Chicago waits to practice his stunts with herIn what is arguably a first in Aamir Khan's distinguished career, his leading lady has no time to practice his crucial scenes with him. And while the perfectionist may not be too happy about it, one can blame Shah Rukh Khan for this.SRK, who is shooting in Ladakh, wants Katrina by his side, as he executes some of the more complex scenes under tight security. And he has made a special request to his director Yash Chopra to ensure that Kat remains on location for uninterrupted shooting. As things stand, the filmmaker has complied, even if it comes at the cost of keeping his other Khan for Katrina in Chicago.A source close to the developments told TOI, \"Katrina, who left for Ladakh today, was supposed to shoot for two weeks with Shah Rukh and then head to Chicago. But now on SRK's request she's staying back until the first week of September. SRK wants her to be a part of the schedule even when he's shooting solo. That way he feels he would be better able to focus on the complicated scenes.\"Since Dhoom 3 is also an Yash Raj film, juggling around the dates did not seem to pose too much of a problem. Only, in Katrina and Aamir's case this would be the n-th time their schedules have had to be readjusted. The pair has not been able to practice their stunts together - something Aamir was very keen on. First it was his TV show that kept him busy, then it was Katrina's Ek Tha Tiger schedule and promotions that came in the way, and now this.Says asource close to Katrina, \"The original plan was to have Kat and Aamir practice all their stunts together. That's how Aamir willed it. But unfortunately the two never got around to exchanging anything more than courtesies. Now there's no time. When Katrina joins Aamir in Chicago, it's straight for the camera.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592674", "title": "Andhra ministers bully Kiran to bail out Dharmana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh ministers have started resorting to what can be called 'trade unionism' with a majority of them demanding that no action be taken against roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasad Rao. The latter was chargesheeted by the CBI last week for his role in the Vanpic case. Spokesman for the agitated group of ministers, Anam Ramnarayan Reddy ( finance minister ) told newspersons that there should not be any 'witch hunt' of ministers, particularly those from the backward classes. \"No permission should be given for his prosecution and his resignation should not be accepted,\" Ramanarayan said after emerging from the chief minister's camp office. Ramnarayan had led a delegation of 24 ministers to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy that included the law and home ministers. \"We urge the state government to provide legal aid to Dharmana and the four ministers who are under CBI scanner,\" Ramanarayan said after the hour-long meeting with the CM.Dharmana had resigned citing moral grounds the day he was chargesheeted, but insiders say that he really does not want to quit. Some ministers told TOI that they would now go to Delhi to brief the party high command about Dharamana and Mopidevi Venkataramana's 'innocence'.CBI has no locus standi, says VattiMopidevi Venkataramana is now in jail after being booked by the CBI in the Vanpic case. Another minister Vatti Vasant Kumar (tourism minister) went public saying that the CBI had 'no locus standi' to book ministers for what he called 'collective cabinet decisions'.The action by the ministers on Monday is reminiscent of the demand made by the IAS Officers' Association in the wake of booking and arrest of senior IAS officers in the same Jagan assets and other cases, a few months ago. The officers had also questioned CBI's competence and asked the state government to provide legal aid to their beleagured colleagues. They had also said that they were being made scapegoats while the bigger fish (the ministers) were being let off.But political analysts saw the hand of a powerful politician who was very close to Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, in this show of strength by the ministers. They speculated that the whole drama had been scripted by this politician, now a Rajya Sabha MP, to embarrass chief minister Kiran Kumar. Tuesday's delegation to the chief minister came after eight ministers went into a huddle at tourism minister Vatti Vasanth Kumar's residence in the late hours of Monday. The move is also to demonstrate to the powers that be in Delhi that booking a minister is fraught with the danger of stability of the Congress government in the state.Meanwhile, at the meeting with ministers, Kiran Kumar assured them that he would convey their sentiments to the high command. But he said that he would go by the decision of 10 Janpath. Kiran, who was to hold talks with the high command in Delhi on Tuesday, put off his trip as he could not get an appointment with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.The delegation which met the CM included Dharmana, G Prasada Rao, N Uttam Kumar Reddy, D K Aruna, Galla Aruna Kumari, Danam Nagender, Erasu Pratap Reddy, Kanna Lakshminarayana, J Geeta Reddy, M Mahidhar Reddy, Basavaraj Saraiah, S Sailajanath, Kondru Murali, P Sabita Indra Reddy, Thota Narasimham, K Jana Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmiah, Ghanta Srinivasa Rao, V Sunitha Lakshma Reddy, A Sudarshan Reddy and others. Deputy chief minister C Damodar Rajanarasimha and health minister D L Ravindra Reddy were conspicuous by their absence.\"Dharmana could not have pulled off such a show of strength. Ministers rushing to the CM to save the skin of a tainted minister at a time when the state is reeling under serious problems like power crisis, poor water inflows, farmers' issues and students' fee row smacks of a larger agenda,\" a political analyst said. \"It is ridiculous that so many ministers had rushed in defence of one tainted minister. They don't seem to bother about people's problems,\" TRS MLA Harish Rao said.Meanwhile, Telugu Desam Party politburo member Yanamala Ramakrishnudu said the entire cabinet was trying to escape from the 'illegal acts' in the guise of collective responsibility. \"The entire cabinet of YSR is responsible for the decisions taken in violation of the law and Constitution,\" he told newsmen. Referring to the ministers' claim that cabinet decisions could not be questioned, the former minister wondered whether the cabinet could take a decision to sell away the state. \"Leaders who have no morals should not talk about moral responsibility,\" he assailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15595050", "title": "Powerless in boom town", "text": "LUDHIANA: For a city that contributes significantly to the state's revenue, Ludhiana has had to make do with a woefully short supply of electricity to its industrial areas. Apart from scant supply, industrialists regularly battle tariff hikes, run their units amid fluctuating voltage and work from a land where swinging high-tension wires and reclining power poles are usual sights. On paper, such problems might look like they belong to a faraway land, but the reality is that Punjab's chief industrial city is as powerless as they come.A 16% hike in per unit cost of power that was effected in April has not brought any changes in industrial area.The city's equation with power has always been under scrutiny. While residents sweat it out during most of the summer due to lack of electricity, industrialists suffer by way of lowered production due to the erratic power supply.Coming in a long series of hike in power tariff, a recent 16% increase too has not resulting in anything significant for the industrialists.\"The recent hike is nearly over Rs 1.20 for per unit but power scenario is remains the same. Minimal improvement has happened in the last many years. Every year, promises are made that there would be some relief from the power woes but the problem seems unending. Power in Punjab is comparatively expensive than other states but we are still suffering,\" said Harinder Saini, who runs a steel unit in Focal Point.Sukhdev Singh, who runs an automobile parts unit in Industrial Area, said, \"It's unfair that even after paying substantially extra, we are suffering huge losses because of power scarcity. There are sometimes power cuts that last four to six hours, which includes all the working hours at my unit.\"He added, \"On top of that, we are not allowed to work at nights. Those holding powerful positions in state and Centre politics are least interested. It is very disappointing and we feel helpless.\"Businessmen complain that there is no prior intimation of power cuts, which makes them feel even more frustrated.\"Due to errant power supply last month, I failed to meet deadlines and had to disappoint the foreign clients. Owing to such situations, many of my friends have migrated to states like Himachal Pradesh and Uttrakhand, where power costs much less and the supply is also normal with no abrupt cuts,\" said Anirudh Sehgal, who works with an international firm that has a local office Focal Point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594797", "title": "Delhi police fails to track Ankita Singh from Satna", "text": "BHOPAL: A Delhi police team that was sent to Satna district in Madhya Pradesh to find former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda's employee and danseuse Ankita Singh, failed to trace her till late Tuesday evening. Ankita Singh's name, along with that of Kanda and his senior employee Aruna Chaddha, surfaced in the two-page suicide note of former air hostess Geetika Sharma, who was found hanging in her residence on August 5.In the suicide note, Geetika had alleged that Ankita Singh had an illicit relationship with Gopal Kanda and she had a girl child through him.Speaking to TOI over telephone, SHO Ram Singh of New Delhi's Ashok Vihar police station where the abetment of suicide case was registered, said, \"A number of teams are working to trace Ankita Singh. But as of now no one is confirming her family roots outside New Delhi. We have no information whether she has family members or relatives still residing in Satna or the location where she could be hiding.''Local police in Satna district are tight-lipped and deny having any knowledge of either the New Delhi police team's arrival or the search for Ankita Singh. Sources in the Satna police department, however, said that Ankita Singh (in her late 20s) was well known in the area and often frequented the town to meet-up with an influential businessman engaged in coal mining. The businessman also runs a transport company and owns large landholdings. He also has family connections with a former Haryana chief minister. She is also known to be close to a powerful politician and former minister of Madhya Pradesh.Ankita's family hailed from Banda in Uttar Pradesh. \"Her father P Singh came to Satna in the 1990s and started a tyre-remoulding factory in Satna. He also ran a tyre repair shop in Gopal Complex in Satna town. Ankita was the youngest of the four siblings including three sisters,'' the source said.\"The family lived in Mahuraj village in Rampur Baghelan tehsil, 30 km from Satna district headquarters. She studied in Bonanza Convent School on Rewa road and spent most of the time dancing,'' the source added.Ten years later, Ankita's family moved to New Delhi and she was not seen for a couple of years. But three years ago, she resurfaced and started visiting Satna's rich and powerful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592063", "title": "12-year-old girl kidnapped, raped in Sikar district", "text": "JAIPUR: A 12-year-old girl was abducted allegedly by two men while she was returning home after watching the night show of a film in Kotwali area in Sikar. The girl was found from a village near Dataramgarh on Tuesday morning. Her medical examination confirmed that she was raped by the kidnappers who fled from the scene.According to the police the victim along with her mother and aunt was returning after watching a film. Suddenly two persons aged between 30 and 35 years came in a jeep and took the girl in their jeep. The mother cried for help and later approached the nearby Kotwali police station.\"After the matter came to our notice it was found that same persons were involved in a scuffle at a liquor shop in the area. Later, our team interrogated a few of their family members and got their cell numbers. On Monday morning the location of their cell phone was somewhere near Daataramgarh,\" said Gaurav Srivastav, superintendent of police, Sikar.Immediately after tracking the location a team led by the SP himself reached the location where the girl was found. \"She was in a state of shock. The kidnappers had also thrashed her and fled from the scene. Later, we sent her for a medical examination to ascertain if she had been raped. The medical examination confirmed rape and a case under section 376 was also lodged against the accused,\" Srivastav added.He said that police have got some vital clues about the whereabouts of the accused and they will soon be arrested. \"Some of the accused's relatives have been rounded up. We have some clues on which we are working to trace them,\" he added.A case under appropriate sections of IPC was lodged at Kotwali police station, Sikar and massive hunt to nab the assailants was also been launched.Senior police officers have also been roped in to expedite the arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15593928", "title": "Karnatak Bal Vikas Academy will soon get its own building", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnatak Bal Vikas Academy (KBVA) with its head quarter at Dharwad will have its own building. Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar will lay the foundation stone for the new building on Friday.KBVA chairman Mahesh Tenginakai said the new building coming up at a cost of Rs 5.33 crore will have 17200 square feet built up area. It will have administrative block, teacher training centre, library and dormitories for children. In addition an auditorium with a capacity of 300 seats will come up on 16000 square feet area. The Academy has written to the Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority to sanction five acres of land near Tadasinakoppa for developing a children's park.KBVA will organize soon a programme in memory of Shan Gu Biradar who wrote several poems for children. There will be programmes in each ward of the twin cities to create awareness among the children about civic sense, superstitions and miracles. It will conduct International film festival in eight districts of Karnataka in October and state-level literary meet for children in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15595524", "title": "Abhishek Verma, wife to be arrested today: ED tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement directorate on Tuesday told a trial court that the businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife will be arrested on Wednesday in connection with a money laundering case.The CBI sleuths produced Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Maria Neascu before Special Judge G P Singh after the expiry of five days of CBI custody and were remanded in 14 days judicial custody in a forgery case registered on Union Minister Ajay Maken's complaint.The court accepted the agency's plea after the counsel for Vermas did not object to it. \"Both the accused are remanded in judicial custody till September 4,\" the court said.Meanwhile, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) told another court that they will arrest both the accused on Wednesday in the money laundering case registered against them.During the hearing on Verma's plea for surrender in the case, ED's prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate (ACMM) Gautam Manan that they would take both of them in their custody on Wednesday.Both the accused had been granted bail on August 8 in a corruption case for allegedly receiving USD 530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence AG (RAD) for using his influence to stall its blacklisting proceedings by Indian government.They were granted bail after the CBI had failed to file charge sheet against them within stipulated 60 days' period after their arrest on June 8 in the corruption case.The CBI, however, had arrested them on the same day in the fresh forgery case, registered on Union Sports Minister Maken's complaint, in the courtroom itself.They were accused of writing a letter to the Prime Minister in 2009 on Maken's forged letterhead for easing of business visa norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15593308", "title": "Tusker damages camera at Palamu Tiger Reserve", "text": "Daltonganj: Not only miscreants, elephants too take away wildlife trapping cameras in Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR). One such wildlife trapping camera was taken away by an elephant when the camera flashed and captured it image at Harnatwa nullah under east Chhipadohar range of the Palamu Tiger Reserve.Project Tiger officials immediately carried out a search to locate the camera but found no trace of it, though. It was only recently that parts of the camera were found. A close examination of these suggested that it could be done only by an elephant.Conservator of the buffer zone of the Palamu Tiger Reserve Anil Kumar Mishra said every time the camera flashes animals get alarmed and their eyes, ears, body language become sensitive and sharp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15593249", "title": "Youths across state join party: BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party , (BJP) has claimed that all-round development work undertaken by the Arjun Munda government successfully in the last two years has resulted in winning over people of all age groups and gender to the party organization beyond its target in the ongoing primary membership drive of the party.The party claimed membership drive of the organization turned out to be impressive largely because the BJP-led coalition government executed several projects successfully benefiting the people of the all age group and gender across the state.\"The target was to add 20 per cent new members to the existing strength (5.5lakh). We did it successfully by adding over 1.20 lakh new members,\" said state BJP spokesman Amarpreet Singh Kale.Citing various welfare schemes and projects that have been pursued and accomplished by the Munda-led government, in some cases, successfully, Kale said, \"Youths across the state are impressed by the sincere and committed pursuit of the chief minister towards the growth of the state and this apparently motivated them to join the BJP in the ongoing membership drive,\" said Kale.Talking to the media here on Tuesday, Kale ruled out any threat to the incumbent dispensation. \"Any such talks (of change of guard in the state) are baseless and unfounded,\" he said adding that the government will complete its full term in the office.Toeing the line of the state party in-charge, Harendra Pratap Singh, Kale said there's no corruption at the chief minister's level.He also criticized the Union government for alleged stepmotherly treatment to the Jharkhand. \"Relatively our contribution to the Central government in terms of revenue is much higher than what we receive (funds) from the Centra for running the welfare schemes in the state,\" claimed Kale.Taking potshot on former CM and JVM leader Babulal Marandi for his comments on the illegal Bangladesh migrants, Kale said: \"I don't think the comments deserve reaction.\"Marandi, had recently called for humanitarian approach to deal with Bangladeshi migrants issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594009", "title": "'Tiatrists given raw deal by council'", "text": "MARGAO: The names of two tiatr artistes Manuel Dourado and Connie D'Silva have been sent to the government and they will be shortly added to the Ravindra Bhavan general council. This announcement was made at the end of the first Ravindra Bhavan general council meeting by chairman Damodar Naik who tried to play down the issue and even went to the extent of stating that former Curtorim contestant Domnic Gaunkar was a member of the council in the capacity of an artiste. Both Naik and Gaunkar, a zilla parishad member who enjoy the backing of the BJP , claimed that he was an artist with some tiatr background. When asked if more tiatrists would be added to the council, Naik said that the same was under consideration and more names were to be added. The move failed to please the tiatrist fraternity, who said they were kept in the dark and demanded due representation in the committee as the maximum revenue generated was through fees collected from tiatr shows. Spokesman of the committee of tiatrists, Anil Kumar, expressed disappointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593980", "title": "Sabarmati riverfront to get police cover soon?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recently inaugurated walkway on Sabarmati riverfront has got rave reviews from experts and citizens alike. Considered to be one of the pet projects of the reigning state government, the riverfront has long been promoted with activities such as international kite festivals and book fairs.However, as the stretch of nearly 11 kilometers will be a permanent fixture on the city's landmarks, senior cops are busy drawing up the boundaries of police stations adjoining the river. The city police are planning to keep an eye on anti-social elements and miscreants.The city police officials indicated that there would be chowkies and patrol points on the riverfront. At present, police station, including Sabarmati, Naranpura, Navrangpura, Ellisbridge, Vejalpur, Shahpur, Gaekwad Haveli, Madhavpura and Karanj, have different parts of the riverfront under their jurisdiction.\"Earlier, the police station limits used to be from bank to bank and bridge to bridge. However, the riverfront stretches from below the bridges on either side. Thus, the new boundaries will have to be drawn. The bodies found from the shores or from the river will also be taken up by the police stations with new jurisdiction,\" said a senior city police official.Talking about the security arrangements on the riverfront, joint commissioner of police, sector I, Ajay Tomar told TOI that the area and its development was being discussed with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) officials. \"We have surveyed both the banks and reviewed the need for security. The AMC has security personnel deployed in the area. We will work closely with them. Police chowkies looking after the riverfront area are on the cards,\" he said.He added that the police stations have been asked to look after their jurisdiction in the riverfront till the development of entire stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598866", "title": "Is 'KLPD\u2019 a vulgar, double meaning title?", "text": "The upcoming Hindi film titled KLPD (Kismat Love Paisa Dilli), starring Vivek Oberoi and Mallika Sherawat , has come in for criticism for its vulgar, double meaning title.\"The earlier generation who went to college in the Eighties and Nineties will remember this abbreviated slang, KLPD , which was a vulgar expletive. Even today, some of the youngsters can understand what KLPD actually stands for. I wonder how Censor Board passed this title,'' said a Mumbai based RTI activist, Anil Galgali.While refusing to elaborate on what KLPD originally meant, Galgali did hint that this term was mainly used by boys who were royally ditched by girls, after they were first encouraged to flirt with them.Often, the abbreviation was also shortened as KLD , or made longer as KLPZD - ` z ' standing for zabardast in this slang term.The film KLPD is slated for an early October release. It was first given the working title Gyarah Chalis Ki Last Metro , but later changed to KLPD , perhaps to attract the younger audiences.When contacted, film publicist and veteran PRO for several actors, Dale Bhagwagar, told TOI: \"While I agree that KLPD is originally a vulgar expression, in this particular film it clearly means Kismat Love Paisa Dilli . I think, these are just the changing trends in Bollywood with time, and the Censor Board has been mature enough to let it be.''Bhagwagar further reasoned that earlier, crude expletives could not be used in Hindi films, but now several films like Omkara and recently Delhi Belly did feature certain gaalis (cuss words) as is normally spoken by common people.Bhagwagar added that way back in 1986, he had met the late actor-director Dada Kondke, who had become very popular among the masses for his trademark double entendre film dialogues and titles. \"I had met Dada Kondke when his hit film Andheri Raat Mein Diya Tere Haath Mein had released. This film title was also considered vulgar and double-meaning in those days, but the Censor Board had cleared it,'' said Bhagwagar.Kondke's next release, though, Aage Ki Soch , was partly censored. He had originally named the comedy film as Peeche Ki Chhod Aur Aage Ki Soch ( Forget about the backside, and think about things ahead ). But, the censors had problem with this, and it was snipped.Movie buffs will also remember the recent film song Bhaag bhaag, D K Bose , which has a hidden Hindi expletive in it, as the singer repeatedly says the name D K Bose . However, the Censor Board had let that pass as well.Years ago, in 1984 to be precise, there was a hilarious double-meaning dialogue exchange between Rajesh Khanna and Sridevi in the film Maqsad .Khanna asks Sridevi a riddle: Aroda, maroda, thook lagaa ke ghused diya. Bolo kya? (Twisted it, turned it, put some saliva on it and shoved it inside).After some pondering, Sridevi correctly replies, Sui-dhaaga (needle and thread).Khanna then asks her one more riddle in Hindi: What is mine I can't see, but you can see. What is yours you can't see, but I can see. Tell me what it is?'Sridevi starts blushing and says she would rather not answer this. Khanna then says with his trademark smile: \"It is tilak and bindiya that we put on our foreheads!''The front benchers in single-screen cinema halls of the Eighties had nearly fallen off their seats laughing out loud at these risque riddles.None other than the current director Sajid Khan had recalled this scene from Maqsad in a television show a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593138", "title": "Water cuts may stay till next monsoon", "text": "PUNE: Water cuts in the city will continue till the next monsoon if the four dams that provide water to Pune are not filled to capacity this year. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Tuesday that the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) cannot withdraw water cuts and regularise twice-a-day supply with the existing water storage.In the general body meeting on Tuesday, corporators from all parties demanded that as dams providing water to the city are filled up to 75% of their capacity, the civic body should withdraw water cuts being enforced since March. The city has been receiving once-a-day water supply, following below average rainfall in the catchment areas of the dams.\"The dams providing water to the city - Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet - have 75% water of their total capacity. This time last year, the storage was about 95%. We have to plan the drinking water supply for the city till July 31, 2013, or probably even till August 15. In the last few years, rains have evaded the region even in September and we need to save water for the next year. In this scenario, it is impossible to withdraw existing water cuts,\" Pathak said.The civic chief said, \"Since March, the city was receiving 1,000 million litres per day (MLD) water from reservoirs. After the recent rain spells, the city now lifts about 1,100 MLD water. This means that the 20% water cuts have been reduced to 10%. We can provide sufficient water to all parts once a day. But with the available quota, we cannot afford to resume twice-a-day supply.\"Though the irrigation department has earmarked 11.5 TMC water for Pune, the city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of the four dams. Despite exceeding the quota, the city faces a water crisis throughout the year because of distribution losses.Pathak added that the civic administration would address these issues and would also look into low pressure supply that some localities receive. \"The civic body has banned the use of drinking water for construction and other non-drinking purposes, such as washing cars. The administration has readied tenders for an equitable water supply scheme. The state has also promised water to the city from the Bhama Askhed dam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15594097", "title": "GSPCB didn't listen to us: Navelim locals", "text": "KERI: Officials of Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) visited Sesa Goa's pig iron plant and also the affected houses which witnessed water and air pollution two days ago due to misfiring of high-capacity burners at the expansion facility of the company's metallurgical coke plant at Navelim in Bicholim taluka.Nilesh Surlikar, senior laboratory assistant; Rohan Nagvekar, junior environmental engineer and Clamy Rodrigues, junior environmental engineer inspected the affected houses and the coke plant at Navelim.Surlikar said, \"We have collected the samples of pollutants from affected houses and also from areas in the vicinity of the plant. After doing tests in the laboratory, a report will be submitted to the higher authority in GSPCB.\"Mahesh Mahajan, assistant general manager at Sesa, said, \"We have co-operated with the GSPCB officials and have briefed them about the immediate measures taken by the company to bring the situation under control.\"Sarpanch Gopinath Gawas, who accompanied the inspection team, said, \"Our panchayat had submitted a memorandum to GSPCB on August 10 regarding our woes that this company was creating pollution. But GSPCB officials visited the site after we ate and drank contaminated food and water.\"Former MLA Pratap Gawas said he had opposed the pig iron expansion facility due to issues of pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595258", "title": "Drug manufacturer duped of Rs 25 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A medicine manufacturer of Panchkula has lodged a complaint with the UT police, alleging that a Gujarat resident has duped him of Rs 25 lakh.After a case was registered on Tuesday, the police said, \"The accused, Gulshan Ahuja, is a resident of Ahmedabad. The complainant, Gunwant Rai Satija of Panchkula, Sector 4, has alleged that Ahuja had purchased medicines of Rs 22,75,685 from him and that he was given five cheques of Rs 5 lakh each. But when he deposited the cheques at State Bank of India's Sector 17 branch, these were dishonoured for lack of funds in the account.\" \"There was another man with Ahuja, but the complainant does not know much about him. We will take the help of Ahmedabad police in cracking the case,\" he added.The police said to win Satija's trust, the accused had earlier many a time purchased smaller medicine consignments from him and made regular payments. The accused has been booked under various sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593290", "title": "Blaze stalls traffic for 2 hours at Opera House", "text": "MUMBAI: A fire broke in a four-storeyed building, Anjali, next to Modi Chambers at Opera House on Tuesday. The fire started in the meter room in the basement, and was probably due to short-circuit. No casualties were reported. \"Electricity kept fluctuating and there was a minor explosion,\" said RTI activist Chetan Kothari. Traffic came to a standstill for two hours at French Bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593234", "title": "Jharkhand, Odisha pact to check iron ore smuggling", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand and Odisha governments have agreed to set up check posts and cut deep trenches in forests to prevent movement of vehicles generally used to transport illegally mined iron ore. Concerned over illegal transportation of minerals through dense forests on the states' border, authorities have also decided to impose stringent restrictions on heavy vehicles in forests.The decision was taken on Tuesday at the second inter-state coordination committee meeting held at Keonjhar in Odisha. The meeting was jointly chaired by principal home secretary of Jharkhand J B Tubid and his Odisha counterpart. Deputy commissioners of Mayurbhanj, Keonjhar and Sundargarh districts of Odisha and West Singhbhum in Jharkhand were also present in the meeting. The two states also agreed to map routes to indicate places where low barricades need to be erected to keep heavy vehicles away from forests.Sources in the mining department said that both the states also agreed to exchange smuggling status on either side of the border. \"They agreed to allow movement of heavy vehicles only on routes recommended by transport departments. We have also decided to set up unified checkposts at some important locations of the four bordering districts,\" said an official who was present at the meeting. To ensure smooth functioning and avoid differences, the check posts will be manned by officials of the mining, forest, commercial taxes and transport departments from both the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594595", "title": "Coalgate: Govt ignored law ministry advice in 2006", "text": "NEW DELHI: The law ministry had advised the government that amending the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act or rules under the law will place the process of competitive bidding for coal blocks at a higher legal footing.This was in response to the decision at a meeting convened by the Prime Minister's office in the first half of 2006 in which it was felt that the MMDR Act should be amended as this would cover all minerals, not just coal.With the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report on coal blocks slamming the government for not accepting legal advice that administrative action to initiate auctions would have sufficed, the Centre has said the law ministry offered both views. The government has argued that CAG has been selective in picking the law ministry's view.However, the CAG has said in its report that auctions of coal blocks could have been initiated by July, 2006, as the law ministry had opined that this could be done by administrative action as well as through an amendment. The policy choice was left to the government.After stating that the MMDR Act could incorporate auctions or the rules be framed appropriately, the law ministry note says, \"In view thereof, the administrative ministry may initiate suitable measures for amendment of the mines and minerals (development and regulation) Act as proposed by them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15593013", "title": "Students in shock as NMC closes down school", "text": "NAGPUR: When 10-year-old Manish Meshram went to school on Tuesday as usual, he was in for a shock. Teachers informed him that his Bhojsingh Chaudhari Hindi Higher Secondary School run by NMC was closing down. \"They asked me to call my parents and handed over the transfer certificate (TC) to my father,\" said Manish, a class VI student.Around 20 students from Class I to VII from this school in Bezonbagh are finding themselves in the lurch after its sudden closure. The school was closed citing lack of students but it is not known why NMC education department did not inform parents in advance to enable them to make alternative arrangements.A teacher requesting anonymity told TOI that the before 2008, Bhojsingh school used to be in Jaripatka. Then it was shifted to Lal School in Bezonbagh following NMC's plan to construct a mall in Jaripatka, she said. At that time, the strength of students was over 350 but slowly it dwindled. Last year, there were around 76 students but this academic year only 20 students enrolled.Primary education officer (NMC) Ram Dongarwar confirmed the decision to close down the school. He also admitted no prior intimation was given to parents but assured that all 20 students would be accommodated in nearby schools. He pointed out that the department could not run the schools with such low strength. The department was planning to close down three more schools including two Marathi and one Urdu medium, he said adding the civic body would ensure admission of students in them to nearby corporation schools. He, however, failed to say if department had any plan to avoid corporation schools closing down one by one.The parents were upset by corporation deciding to close down school in the middle of the session. Manish's father Jayendra told TOI that they were forced to take the TC. A bar tender, Jayendra pointed out that other schools had already completed admission process. \"Now which school will admit my son,\" he asked. \"I don't have money to admit my son in a private school,\" Meshram pointed out.Social activist and a resident of Indora, Jaikumar Ramteke wondered how NMC schools, where education was free and students get books as well as uniforms, do not get pupils when private schools were mushrooming. He claimed it was a conspiracy of BJP-ruled NMC to use the land for commercial purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15598306", "title": "Falling birth rates hit school enrollment in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Falling birth rates have affected enrollment of children in Karnataka, where more than 3200 schools have less than 10 students each, a government appointed commission has revealed.There are 693 government schools having five or less enrollment with 836 teachers and 2510 schools having 10 or less enrollment with 3394 teachers working against the sanctioned posts of 5320, the report said.These schools can be merged with nearby schools, keeping in mind the access criteria, it suggested.Wherever it is not possible to shift due to natural barriers or any such other conditions, schools may be allowed to continue. The services of teachers of the merged schools can be utilized in the upgraded schools.The final draft report of the Commission on structural upgradation and reorganization of school education chaired by Prof R Govinda, Vice-Chancellor of NUEPA (National University of Educational Planning and Administration) with Tushar Giri Nath, Ex-Commissioner of Public Instruction as Member-Secretary, has just been made public by the Government, inviting feedback from stakeholders by August 31.Birth rates have been falling in the State during 2000-01 to 2010-11, it said, adding, the trend has affected enrollment of children.\"Over 13000 out of a total of 45200 elementary schools in the Department of Education [1 to 5 standards only] are located in small habitations and carry less than 30 children, summated across all the 5 standards [2011-12]\", the Commission said. \"Dwindling enrollments at lower primary stage affect strength in higher primary schools which in turn affect small size high schools. In sum, demographic variables are a significant factor in planning exercises in secondary education\".There is also a declining trend in the state in growth rates of population in the 15-18 age category.As per projections of population based on single year 2001 population profiles of the Registrar General, Census of India, population in this age group slightly increased between 2001 and 2006 while it has begun to slide thereafter.The overall decline by 2016 from the base year of 2001 would be 5.43%. The decline in case of boys would be higher than that for girls, the rates being 7.57 and 3.03 respectively.\"It may be more viable if the minimum student's strength is maintained as 120 in the Higher Primary Schools which could be relaxed in case of natural barriers, minorities etc\", it said.Noting that globalisation is the order of the day, the commission said Higher Secondary education should gear up to the modern challenges of technology and this in turn to electronic connectivity. \"Our class rooms should be equipped with modern teaching facilities. We should provide computers, digital boards and Internet facility to our schools to make class room teaching more attractive\".The report added that there is a need to maintain a single \"Board of Examinations\" for SSLC and PUC examinations. This arrangement is in existence in many states such as Goa, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram and Uttar Pradesh, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15594485", "title": "Digital content fast replacing books", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Digital content is fast replacing printed books in libraries of higher educational institutions in the country, according to experts attending a five-day international workshop on digital libraries. The workshop began at the Indian Institute of Management-Kozhikode (IIM-K) on Monday.\"Digital content in libraries at premier educational institutions has already grown to an unprecedented 70-80% as against printed books. Many journals are now available only in digital format,\" said M G Sreekumar, head, Centre for Development of Digital Libraries (CDDL) at IIM-K and Unesco coordinator of Greenstone Support for South Asia.He said there had been a paradigm shift in the way information resources were being handled by libraries following the massive influx of digital content.\"Traditionally, libraries owned books and journals they bought or subscribed to, allowing them to make best use of the resources. But digital publishing has changed those concepts. Libraries now only get the licence to use electronic information, and even this is issued for a prescribed period,\" he said. The digital libraries have now become the crucial component of global information infrastructure and offer new levels of access to broader audiences.Inaugurating the workshop, Debashis Chatterjee, director of IIM-K, said the knowledge professionals of today should acquire the capacity and capability to foresee the future course of information and knowledge landscape in line with the new emerging world order.The workshop focused on Greenstone Digital Library Software, an open source software system for developing digital libraries promoted by the University Of Waikato , New Zealand and sponsored by Unesco.Participants will be instructed on how to design digital collections of different publications in a variety of file formats. They will also receive the Greenstone Digital Library Software.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593705", "title": "Tuesday\u2019s strike costs Kerala State Road Transport Corporation Rs 1.5 crore", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Tuesday's strike by a section of employees of the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation against the proposed contributory pension scheme not only affected the passengers in the district but also cost the corporation Rs 1.5 crore across the state.\"With the available bus crew, we could manage to operate only 50% of the schedules. On Tuesday, we could run only 730 buses in the district against the usual 1,300. In the city, 260 buses were run against the regular 710,\" a senior Thiruvananthapuram zone KSRTC official said.The passengers in the rural areas had to wait for hours to travel from one place to other. \"We understand the situation faced by the KSRTC. But since the date of the strike was announced several days back, the authorities should have planned accordingly. I faced no issues while in city, as enough services were available. But to reach Thiruvananthapuram in the morning, I had to wait for about one hour at Kilimanoor. The buses were also crowded,\" said G Rajagopal, a state government employee.According to official sources, only 48% of the KSRTC employees turned up for work on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593377", "title": "AK-56, live ammunition recovered from pro-talks Ulfa leader's house", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the arrest of pro-talks Ulfa leader Hira Sarania in connection with a dacoity case, city police recovered one AK-56 rifle, 30 rounds of live ammunition and Rs 12 lakh cash from his residence at Helosa in Nalbari district on Tuesday morning. On Monday, city police arrested Sarania and three others in connection with a case involving dacoity, kidnapping and murder.The police, while investigating a theft case in Christianbasti area of the city, found that the crime had been committed at the behest of Sarania. On July 31, four miscreants looted an apartment at Sikaria Complex in Christianbasti and killed one Suresh Patel. On August 2, the group killed one of the four involved in the crime, Binit Jain, over an argument on money. When police arrested the other three, they confessed that they had committed the crime as per the guidance of Sarania. They had not only looted the house, but also killed Patel and then Jain and thrown their bodies into the Brahmaputra.Sarania has been put in police remand for six days.Meanwhile, the police have roped in the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) in their search operation for the bodies of Patel and Jain from the river and NDRF divers are already on the job. The police believe that the duo was killed and then thrown into the river by Hira Sarana and his gang earlier this month.\"We are yet to fish out the bodies. The current of the river is very high, which is making the search operation difficult, but NDRF divers are on the job. Since the weapon and live ammunition have been recovered from Sarania's house, he is likely to be booked under the Arms Act besides other charges,\" said a senior policeman.Both factions of Ulfa - the Arabinda Rajkhowa-led pro-talks faction and the Paresh Baruah-led hardliners - on Tuesday reacted to the arrest Sarania, who's the commander of Ulfa's 709 battalion. While the Paresh Baruah faction tagged Sarania, once the close confidant of the C-in-C, as a dissident member, the pro-talks faction said there would be an organizational probe into the matter.The Ulfa hardliners in an e-mailed statement said that Sarania has chosen a shortcut to earn personal benefits rejecting the ideology of the outfit. \"Hira Sarania is one of those leaders who has disrespected our fight for his personal greed and joined hands with the government. If they have disbanded themselves from the arms revolution for the sake of peace, how come they still have arms and ammunition?\" said Aronnyo Asom, member of the publicity wing of the Ulfa hardliners.The hardliner faction also said Sarania fled the outfit with 112 AK series rifles, five RPGs, five sniper rifles, 28 pistols, 127 hand grenades, 8,000 bullets and 50kg explosives.However, the pro-talks faction termed Sarania's arrest as 'unfortunate'. In an e-mailed statement, they said that the involvement of the senior leader in the crime should be examined through an organizational probe. \"We will also inquire into the entire matter and if he is found guilty, then we will take necessary action against him,\" said the email sent by Mithinga Daimary, publicity secretary of Ulfa's pro-talks faction.Daimary added that the leader's arrest would not hamper the ongoing peace parley between Ulfa and the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15593745", "title": "Industrialists open to talks with UP govt", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists have yet again opened up channels of discussion with the state government for provision of basic infrastructure and a conducive tax regime. The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) has written to the Samajwadi Party government specifying their needs for proper industrial development, including rebate on taxes, adequate power and introduction of industrial schemes. The industries' body has said that industrial development would prosper in the state if the government worked towards mitigating these problems.The entrepreneurs demanded that the state government remove 'entry tax' currently imposed on at least 15 industrial raw materials. \"Special additional tax can be imposed on these products which will not only save us from lengthy official jobs but also generate more revenue for the state,\" said Vipin Malhan, NEA president. \"The state government can also impose lower VAT rates than neighbouring states,\" he added. High VAT in Uttar Pradesh has been forcing industries to purchase raw materials from neighbouring states with lower rates.Expressing concern over reports that the government has been mulling to increase the target revenue generation for the special investigation branch of commercial tax department, the industry body has appealed that the move would be antithetical for industrial development, particularly when their own target revenues have slumped. \"A district advisory committee for commercial taxes is required in Noida as has been put in place for other districts of the state,\" said Malhan.NEA has also appealed for introduction of schemes for industrial plots, apart from residential plots for those entrepreneurs who have set shop in the township since many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594611", "title": "Youths held for making obscene MMS", "text": "INDORE: Police on Tuesday arrested two brothers for preparing an obscene MMS of their niece and blackmailing the girl's family threatening to make the clip public unless they were paid a substantial sum.The SHO of Kshipra police station, K R Pandey said that a woman had come to the police station in the morning with a complaint against the two youths Manoj and Prakash who she alleged were harassing her niece and family. She alleged that the accused have prepared an obscene MMS, of the girl and came to her demanding Rs 5 lakh from her.\"They threatened to make the MMS public is the money was not paid to them,\" said the TI quoting the aggrieved woman.Police arrested the accused and have also confiscated the cell phone. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15594164", "title": "Two criminals get a taste of their own medicine from public", "text": "TRICHY: Two hardcore criminals were attacked with the same weapon they were threatening their chasers with, by the alert people after they snatched a 45-gm gold chain from a woman near Trichy. The two criminals - S Raja (24), from Kurinichipadi in Cuddalore district and S Marimuthu (24), from Trichy's Palakkarai - attacked M Amuthavalli (44), the headmistress of Kadambankudi Panchayat Union School who was riding pillion on a moped with another teacher of the same school.Police said that Raja had already been accused of murdering his uncle in 2002, while Marimuthu was earlier jailed in Trichy in connection with a rape case. Both Raja and Marimuthu had become friends in Trichy central prison. Their modus operandi of the duo is to swoop on women with valuables in deserted places en route to their destination.On Tuesday, when the teachers were headed to their school, they became an easy prey and the duo, which was also on a bike, snatched Amuthavalli's chain after ramming into their moped. The injured teachers, using their presence of mind took out their mobile phones and sent text messages to some of the villagers, including the Killivaikkal panchayat president Sampath, about the incident.The criminals by then had already passed through three villages before they could be intercepted. However, at Pathalapettai, the villagers with the help of some MGNREGS workers were waiting for the duo to arrive. The criminals tried to break through the cordon of people, but crashed their two-wheeler. They took recourse under a dry thicket, which was set fire to by the villagers a little later. Driven to a do-or-die situation, the criminals tried to threaten the villagers by using the daggers they had, but some members of the public overpowered them. In the ensuing melee, a villager, Baskar was grievously wounded and the criminals too were attacked with the same daggers. \"If I had not reached in time, the villagers would have killed them,\" police said. All the three, including the criminals were later admitted to Trichy government hospital.The case was later handed over to the Thirukattupalli police within whose limits in Thanjavur district the incident of chain snatching took place. A fresh case under Sections 324, (voluntarily causing hurt by a dangerous weapon) and 307 (attempt to murder) has been booked against them, said Manimaran. Thirukattupalli is 32 km southeast of Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592817", "title": "Poor inflows dash Delta ryots\u2019 hopes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Poor inflows into major reservoirs have put paid to the hopes of farmers, who were counting on last week's rains. Inflows from Narayanpur reservoir into the Krishna have dashed the hopes of farmers of 11 lakh acres in Krishna delta. Releases from the Narayanpur dam built across the river in Karnataka are crucial for the delta farmers. If irrigation tanks, borewells and canals are also taken into consideration, paddy cultivation in about 25 lakh acres is hit badly.Even though the previous week had generated hopes of sufficient water released into the Krishna, the drastic fall in the inflows from 77,689 cusecs last week to 7,776 cusecs on Tuesday has upset the calculations of farmers as well as authorities. \"The forecast for the inflows into Narayanpur dam is 'falling'. So, there is very little hope for the farmers to get Krishna water,\" a senior official said.Any further release of water from the project would depend on the rains in the catchment areas of the Krishna in Karnataka and Maharashtra. According to a flood bulletin issued by the Central Water Commission (CWC), rainfall recorded in 35 stations in the Krishna-Pennar basin was negligible in the last 24 hours.\"Unless there is a dramatic change, the water inflows are unlikely to improve in the Krishna,\" a CWC official told TOI. As if this wasn't enough, Srisailam's storage has fallen to 47 tmc, below the live storage. Agriculture department officials say this situation has thrown paddy cultivators in 10.6 lakh acres in Prakasam, Guntur, Krishna and West Godavari districts into disarray.\"The nurseries are ready in 6.5 lakh acres while nurseries which were sown in four lakh acres are overgrown. These overgrown paddy saplings are not useful for transplantation now because of poor water supplies,\" said Yerneni Nagendranath, president of Andhra Pradesh Federation of Farmers' Association. He accused the government of deliberately killing the crop in 10.6 lakh acres by denying irrigated water.Sources in the agriculture department said due to lack of water in Sriramsagar, KC Canal in Rayalaseema and other irrigation systems, paddy cultivation in another 20 lakh acres is likely to be hit if the water flow in the Tungabhadra does not improve. The inflows into the Tungabhadra dam in Karnataka had fallen from 52,970 cusecs on August 13 to 11,910 cusecs on Tuesday.According to government estimate, paddy cannot be cultivated in 25 lakh acres due to the adverse conditions. \"It is still not too late to go for alternative crops like jowar and maize which require less water and are as remunerative as paddy,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15593263", "title": "Steel Authority of India Limited gives job letters to 20 casual workers", "text": "Ramgarh: Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) board of directors has approved the long awaited demand of the trade union for regularization of casual workers engaged in refractories following a verdict of Industrial Tribunal. The casual workers had filed an industrial dispute case and the tribunal directed SAIL to regularize them. SAIL has three refractories in Jharkhand -two in Ramgarh and one in Bokaro.Of the 78 casual workers, 20 received their permanent job letters in a function organized in Refectories unit guest house in Ramgarh on Tuesday. Dhirendra Kumar, additional general manager (Production), handed over the appointment letters to the workers. Refractories units in Ramgarh, which was under the Bharat Refectories Limited (BRL), was merged with SAIL a few years ago. Jagarnath Prajapati a casual worker who got the letter, said he was happy to joined the SAIL family and pleased that company had recognized his work.Ramgarh E Kujur, general manager of the refractories unit, said the SAIL board of directors had approved the regularization of 78 casual workers following the Industrial Tribunal verdict. \"We have given permanent job letters to as many as 20 casual workers who had appeared for the medical examination held in Bokaro General Hospital and were found medically fit. The remaining 58 casual worker did not appear for the medical examination as per company norms,\" Kujur said. He added that all 76 casual workers were asked to appear for the medical examination for their regularization through official letters, but only 20 casual workers followed the directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594154", "title": "GSIDC says no to Quepem market", "text": "MARGAO: In a major setback to the development plans of the Quepem Municipal Council (QMC), the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) has expressed its inability to undertake the construction of the proposed market complex in the town.Estimated to cost nearly 6 crore, the project was planned to be constructed in two phases and the QMC had initiated talks with the GSIDC in that regard.Sources informed TOI that the GSIDC was reluctant to undertake the project in phases and insisted that the entire land, free of encumbrances, be handed over to it. In a letter dated August 1, the GSIDC's managing director Sanjit Rodrigues wrote to the QMC conveying its decision to 'drop the construction work of new commercial multistoried building at the place of existing fish market as there is no encumbrance-free land made available for the construction of full project'.This has come after the QMC had already demolished the fish market to make way for the proposed ground- -plus-three-storey market complex. The displaced fish vendors have been provided a temporary shade near the demolished fish market to carry on their trade, as they were to be rehabilitated on the ground floor of the proposed market complex, alongside the vegetable vendors. The first and second floors were to house shops and offices, while a 1,000-seat hall was planned on the top floor. The latest development has temporarily put paid to QMC's ambitious plans.QMC chairperson Dayesh Naik, speaking to TOI, expressed his disapproval over the GSIDC's refusal to undertake the project, but exuded confidence that the project will see the light of the day without much delay.Quepem MLA Chandrakant Kavlekar, when contacted, said that the fate of the project will not be affected by the GSIDC's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593066", "title": "Students make the most of Umang, groove to music", "text": "MUMBAI: The penultimate day of N M College's annual fest Umang kept students on their toes. While dance, music and a model hunt ruled the day for most of the participants on Tuesday, some were seen attending seminars and workshops at the Vile Parle college.\"A huge crowd turned up for the Indian music event on Tuesday. The final round of our Bollywood-themed dance show was also a hit. The judges for the model hunt were winners of this year's Miss India contest,\" said Sohil Bhansali, PR head for Umang 2012.For the first time this year, the college hosted two pro-nites for participants. While one was held on Monday, the second was on Tuesday. Students were seen swinging to the songs of Javed Ali of Ek Din Teri Raahon Mein fame.\"The finales of key events, including Mr and Miss Umang, will take place on the last day of the fest. Nita Ambani will talk to students at our seminar on Wednesday,\" added Sohil. The final rounds of street dance and western band event will also take place on Wednesday.Meanwhile, mass media students of Jai Hind College at Churchgate are gearing up for the premiere night of their annual festival\u2014Detour. \"This will be our first Detour Premiere Night. The theme of Detour 2012 is Celebrating a 100 years of Indian Cinema,\" said Malvika Chandiramani, one of the organizing team members of the fest. This event will be held at Blue Frog on Thursday evening.\"We expect close to 600 students,\" she added. In its fifth year, Detour 2012, organized by BMM students of Jai Hind College, will take place during December 14-16 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15592086", "title": "Notorious criminal re-arrested after jail break", "text": "AJMER: A day after 10 prisoners severely beat up six guards and escaped from a sub-jail in Rajsamand's Bhim town, police arrested the most notorious of them - Mokam Singh - from a forest area, some 15 kilometres from the prison on Tuesday.Singh was found sleeping under a tree when a police team reached the area on a tip-off from villagers. Police said it was for the third time that Singh, who runs a robbery gang, had escaped. Earlier, he had escaped from jails in Ajmer and Beawar.The police have so far recaptured four of the prisoners, while remaining are still on the run. Three prisoners who were arrested on Monday night were produced before a court on Tuesday. They were sent to police remand till August 25. The main focus of police during their questioning will be whether the security guards at the jail were in connivance with the prisoners. They have not ruled out this possibility.Nineteen prisoners are lodged in the sub-jail, including undertrials and convicts. The jail staff was shifting prisoners to their barracks at 5.30 pm on Monday when the incident occurred. Ten of these prisoners attacked the guards and fled.Police said Mokham Singh alias Mokham had fled from the central jail of Ajmer for the first time and revived his gang about 10 years ago. He was then arrested and was sent to sub jail of Beawer of the district, from where he fled again and mastered his gang for crime. Last year, Mokham was arrested near Sarwar by special police of Ajmer.He was sent to Bhim sub jail in connection with a case and had fled from there on Monday.\"Singh was found sleeping where villagers reported his presence to police. There are several cases of threat and extortion which are managed from different jails by the members of the Mokham gang,\" an official said.Sources said Mokham was picked up by his gang members to ferry him in jeep to Ajmer after the escape. But due to the road blocks set up by police, they left him to cross the district border by walking in the jungle and set up a rendezvous somewhere near Jwaja. Singh slept in the forest area. The shepherds who came in the morning saw Mokham and informed police. \"We are tracing the other prisoners that fled yesterday,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593293", "title": "Confusion over govt SMS order", "text": "MUMBAI: Even on the fourth day of the government directive not to allow cell phone consumers to send more than five SMSs a day, confusion and congestion in the cellular mobile networks prevailed in the city.While some subscribers could send 100 SMSs a day, others with the same operator could not send more than five. Apparently, some leading telecom operators in the city said they were implementing the directive only for pre-paid consumers as they were unable to do so for post-paid due to technical reasons.A senior telecom department official said four leading telecom operators inform DoT about their technical non-feasibility in implementing the directive for post-paid consumers. \"Other smaller companies are implementing it for both,\" they added.Apparently many post-paid consumers were confused as some could send more than five SMSs a day, while some could not even send a single SMS. \"It's sheer discrimination as the company should not charge me rental as per my plan for these 15 days,\" said Ankit Raje, a resident of Colaba.\"Besides confusion and congestion, it's a ludicrous rule to control rumour-mongers. There are various free SMS websites from which rumours can be circulated. And the government assumes that within 15 days everything will be normal. What if it does not even after 15 days? Will they initiate this limit for the rest of our lives? This is a clear case of shooting the messenger when they should be looking into the actual cause of the unrest,\" said a consumer, Manohar Nair, according to whom rentals charged for more SMSs should be deducted from bills by the companies.Hundreds of cell phone consumers across the city, which has one of the highest tele-densities in the country, are reporting heavy congestion in the network for three days. This is mainly due to a spurt in the number of calls in the absence of the facility to send more than five SMSs or MMSs a day keeping networks busy and subsequently putting several calls on hold or waiting.The confusion that prevailed among call categories of consumers showed that implementation of the directive was not uniform across categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592858", "title": "Interviews for Mafsu vice-chancellor post on Aug 25", "text": "NAGPUR: After a gap of over three months, city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) may have a new vice-chancellor (VC). The search committee headed by former Supreme Court Judge Vikas Sirpurkar has called 15 candidates for a formal presentation about their work on Saturday, August 25.The committee will then shortlist five who would then be interviewed by Maharashtra governor and chancellor of universities in state to select the best candidate. Thus the university may get the new VC by month end. Although the names of 15 still remain unknown, sources in the university say the director of veterinary sciences of the university Abdul Samad, who was also in the running for the post earlier, is again in the race.Mafsu has remained headless off and on due to various reasons including the sacking of a former VC Arun Ninawe over his involvement in recruitment scam. Ninawe was sacked by the governor on May 5, 2010, just 12 days before completion of his five year term. D S Zagade, the state animal husbandry commissioner from Pune, was given the additional charge on May 6, 2010, till September 3, 2010. When he left the post on health grounds, the then VC of Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth ( PDKV) V M Mayande was given the temporary charge and he remained until May 15, 2011, when C S Prasad was appointed the full time VC on May 16.Unfortunately, despite being a capable person interested in improving the university, Prasad resigned to be with his family at Bangalore. After he left on March 10, 2012, the university is being headed by the Nagpur divisional commissioner V V Gopal Reddy.The search committee, besides Sirpurkar, has the Indian Council of Agricultural Research ( ICAR) director general S Ayyappan and secretary of Maharashtra animal husbandry department Anil Diggikar as members. A J Shaikh, former director of Mumbai-based Central Institute for Research in Cotton Technology (CIRCOT) AJ Sheikh is the nodal officer. The committee had issued an advertisement for the post on June 4 this year. The last date for applying was July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595133", "title": "Staff crunch, overwork stress out motormen", "text": "CHENNAI:: P Rajaratnam (name changed), after 15 years of shunting trains and running goods trains, was posted as a motorman on suburban trains in Chennai. A few months into his first assignment, he fears his efficiency level is dipping because of increased fatigue.Many motormen say staff shortage, overwork and poorly designed running rooms where it is difficult to rest are increasing their fatigue levels.Around 325 motormen operate 766 suburban train services a day. There is a shortage of more than 90 motormen. According to unofficial estimates, around 360 motormen are required to operate trains.The issue was raised as part of a nationwide agitation recently, but little seems to have been done. \"When an accident occurs, the loco pilot or motorman is blamed. But they fail to realize that a variety of reasons make a motorman lose efficiency,\" said a motorman on the suburban route.A suburban train is operated by a motorman unlike long-distance trains piloted by two people. The unions want additional staff to be sanctioned as soon as a new suburban service is introduced, but usually it is more than a year before additional staff are sanctioned.Poorly-designed running rooms are another problem. \"Suburban drivers stay in running rooms in Tiruvallur, Beach, Avadi, Arakkonam, Gummidipoondi, Chengalpet and Tirumalpur after the last night service and return with the morning service. Here, motormen can't have uninterrupted sleep,\" said a union member.A senior railway official said recruitment of assistant loco pilots had begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592957", "title": "More divisions in schools to comply with education Act", "text": "MUMBAI: With slow and steady steps, the Maharashtra school education department is leaving no stone unturned in ensuring that the implementation of the Right To Education (RTE) Act is complete for the next academic year. Recently, the department drew up a list of new divisions required in government-aided schools to accommodate more students and also comply with the student-teacher ratio as mentioned by the Act.\"With the help of school mapping, we have calculated the number of new divisions required in the state and the requirement stands at around 5,000 new divisions. The process for the same will be completed before the start of the next academic year,\" said Sunil R Chouhan, deputy director of school education. At present, the student-teacher ratio for primary classes stands at 30:1 and the upper-primary classes need to follow a 35:1 ratio.\"The student-teacher ratio in Maharashtra is much better than what is followed in other states. The new divisions are being incorporated in order to ensure that in case of some schools where this ratio is skewed, changes need to be made,\" said a senior official from the state education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593632", "title": "Three teens hurt in riverfront accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An incident on Tuesday afternoon showed the ugly side of the newly inaugurated Sabarmati Riverfront that forced the city police to rethink security arrangements for the stretch. Three teens, riding a Honda Activa , collided with a mini truck near Gujarat Sahitya Parishad building on riverfront. An angry mob pelted stones at the truck before the police arrived. No complaint was filed in the case.According to sources, the incident took place at around 2.30 pm when a group of teens were riding on the road parallel to the riverfront from Keshavbaug to Sahitya Parishad. At that time, a mini truck carrying water bottles entered the riverfront from near Sahitya Parishad. The truck driver could not control the vehicle as the teens suddenly came into view and collided with the scooter.\"Eyewitnesses said that there were three teens, of around 16 to 18 years of age on the scooter when the incident took place. As others in the group came back, the truck driver fled from the spot leaving the truck behind. The angry group smashed the windshield and windows of the mini truck. The teens were apparently racing on the empty stretch when the incident took place,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Officials added that they tried to locate the teens but could not find them.Police agreed that the road has become a new playground for the rowdies as the groups perform stunts and speed the vehicles including cars on the desolated spot. Police have also found marks of the wheels on more than four spots indicating regular bike sports activities. Officials said that with ever-increasing traffic of visitors on the riverfront and walkway, there is a dire need of an authority to keep a tab on such activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593497", "title": "Senior citizens assaulted after accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An elderly couple was assaulted by a group near Anjali Crossroads late on Monday night after an accident. The couple has filed a complaint against four for the incident.According to Vejalpur police officials, Kasam Bagwan, 65, and his wife, residents of Shah-e-Alam, were passing from near the crossroads at 11 pm on Monday on way to Juhapura to meet relatives on Eid. At that time, a car driver came from behind and in a bid to overtake, pushed the scooter due to which the couple fell on the road.\"The driver stopped the vehicle and came to the spot when the couple admonished him for the rash driving that could have taken their lives. The man got enraged and beat the duo up. When the duo tried to pacify him, he identified himself as relative of a police official and left the spot. We have got registration number of the car and have started investigation in the case,\" said a Vejalpur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15594565", "title": "UDF wants deputy mayor thrown out", "text": "KOZHIKODE: UDF councillors in the corporation have submitted a letter to mayor A K Premajam demanding that an emergency council meeting be convened to remove deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef from the post.The opposition demand came in the wake of a case being registered against Latheef before the vigilance inquiry commissioner, naming him the second accused in a case related to the allocation of an ATM counter on the corporation office premises. The incident related to the case occurred during Latheef's tenure as the deputy mayor in the prevoius council.\"We will hold protests inside and outside the council till the civic body removes the deputy mayor from the post,\" the opposition said. Addressing the media here on Tuesday, UDF councillors also urged the government to conduct a detailed probe into the financial transactions during Latheef's tenure as deputy mayor in the past 12 years.They will soon meet chief minister Oommen Chandy and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan to urge them to constitute a special investigation team to probe the allegations.According to section 7 of the Kerala Municipality Act, the mayor should convene a council meeting within 10 days in case one-third of the members in the council serve notice demanding a meeting. \"It is the first time in the history of the corporation that an accused named in an FIR in a vigilance case is holding the position of the deputy mayor.Vigilance officials are investigating the case (FIR 5/2012, 11-8-2012). The deputy mayor should not continue in the post till the investigation is completed, as there are chances of him utilizing the post to either scuttle the case or influence witnesses,\" said deputy leader of the opposition K Mohammed Ali .UDF councillors have urged the govt to conduct a probe into the financial transactions that took place during Latheef's tenure as deputy mayor in the past 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594256", "title": "Sugar factory offers share revenue", "text": "MYSORE: If the sugar industry in the state has its way, the farming community will partner with sugar factories and share the revenue. This is akin to the practice in urban bodies in the state, which partner with farmers to create layouts, wherein they get 40% of the developed land.The Bannari Amman Sugar, which is operating two sugar factories in Mysore and Chamarajnagar, on Tuesday said that it is ready to share its revenue with the farming community from this season, provided the farmers and the state government agree. The revenue-sharing formula will be worked out by a panel which will have representation from the farming community, factory management and the government.Faced with increased protest over price for the sugarcane, the major industry in the sugar sector said this will be a viable option. Venkata Reddy, vice-president of the company, said: \"We are willing to share our revenue based on actual recovery, and additional amounts on account of by-products. We are for giving fair share to the cane suppliers in the revenue in an objective manner.\"According to him, the sugar industries in the state have approached the CM, asking him to work out the modalities for revenue-sharing methodology, which is in practice in major sugar producers across the world. It will provide lasting and right solution to the problem of cane price fixation, which, he said, is the bone of contention.\"The wealth produced will be shared by factories and farmers,\" he told reporters. Reddy said major sugar-producing countries share 60-70% revenue with the farmers. \"It is based on scientific lines and the system operates on sound economic criteria without any influence from other extraneous factors.\"Sugar factories in the state have discussed the issue and arrived at a consensus. \"We've conveyed the same to the government,\" he stated.Sugar firm: No arrears pendingBannari Amman Sugar vice-president Venkata Reddy said they have paid the farming community the dues and that there is no arrears pending. \"It is an imaginary figure that some farmer leaders are claiming,\" he said, referring to the sugarcane growers' agitation on Saturday which turned violent.Sugarcane Growers' Association is claiming that the Banni Amman Sugar-run factories have Rs 96 crore dues. But Reddy said that there are no arrears. \"The dues for 2010-11 and 2011-12 have been paid,\" he said, but didn't give details like the amount paid to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15594942", "title": "Chakka jam by 2030", "text": "LUDHIANA: There will be a day not too far from now when bumper-to-bumper traffic will no longer seem such a nightmare. For, a survey report prepared by RITES, the consultancy arm of Indian Railways, suggests that if public transport vehicles do not share at least 60% of city's traffic burden by 2030, things would come to a complete standstill as there won't be even an inch of space left to drive.The city, which presently has close to 30% of its traffic beingcarried by public transportation, will have to increase this share to over 50% by 2020, states the survey report, \"Comprehensive Mobility Plan\", which a team of RITES shared with the civic authorities on Tuesday.\"The company started the survey in 2009. The representatives of RITES will meet officials of various departments, including police and GLADA, and take their feedback before preparing the final report. The recommendations that they shared with us today mostly relate to enhancing public transport system in the city,\" Ludhiana municipal commissioner R K Verma told LTOI.He added that according to the report shared by RITES, as little as 30% of city's commuters take the public transport, with autorickshaws taking the biggest chunk of the pie. \"The percentage has to be increased to 50% by 2020 and 60% by 2030. The Metro rail, city bus service and some other modes of public transport will be the right steps in this direction,\" Verma shared more details of the report.Another important recommendation made by RITES is the extension of Metro project in different phases, whereby implementation of the already proposed two corridors would happen in the first phase. The extension of these corridors from Phillaur to Doraha, on Ferozepur Road towards Mullanpur, and on Chandigarh road towards Kohara could take place in subsequent phases till 2030, the report suggests.The report also recommends Bus Rapid Transport Corridors ( BRTS), which means separate lanes for buses and for other transport as well. In another suggestion, RITES mentions that there is a need for some more commuter trains for daily passengers from Ludhiana to Ferozepur, Chandigarh and other important stations nearby.RITES has also recommended widening of Jagraon Bridge and a flyover starting from near Police Station Division No. 5 towards Vishvakarma Chowk.Verma, however, said there was a long way to go before the final report as RITES was yet to take feedback from individual departments. \"Apart from that, some traffic surveys will also be conducted, including a few in villages and periphery,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598235", "title": "Pyaar Ka Punchnama at Film Festival at Berlin", "text": "More than a year after its release, the rom-com of 2011 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' is still making news. It was highlight of this year's Indian Film Festival held in Berlin!The festival which kick started on August 15 with powerful youth-driven films had numerous eminent personalities from the Bollywood film industry present as well.Among the many films screened it was Producer Abhishek Pathak's ' Pyaar Ka Punchnama ' which stole the show when it was screened on the August 16 and was well appreciated by the audiences present there.Abhishek was present with one of the film's leading lady Sonalli Sehgall and was overwhelmed with the response they received from the people of Berlin. A source present at the festival said \"Abhishek was extremely happy with the response he received for his film, and it has definitely motivated him to make more films on the lines of Pyaar Ka Punchnama \"The Festival is organized in partnership with the Embassy of India, Berlin and the cinema \"Babylon Berlin\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15593400", "title": "Arunachal goodwill team meets Tamil Nadu chief secretary, DGP", "text": "ITANAGAR: A goodwill team from Arunachal Pradesh led by MP Takam Sanjoy met Tamil Nadu's chief secretary and director general of police on Monday to check the exodus of northeastern people. The exodus, a result of rumours of retaliatory attacks on NE people after the Assam violence, has been gradually abating in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu . The team had also visited Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh to coordinate with state governments there and demanded security and protection for northeast students studying in various cities.Sanjoy, who is also the convener of the All India Tribal MPs Forum , urged the NE people to return to the southern states as the situation there is \"conducive\". \"State governments are alert and effective. Those who have fled must go back by August 25. The situation is absolutely conducive. Panic and rumours created by the enemy should not be a weapon to damage our society and family,\" he said on Tuesday.\"This is a fight against our nation. Pakistan is trying to wage war against India and has already tried to divide us on basis of religion; they are now trying to segregate us on the basis of looks. All of us are united and no one can divide us because we are a strong nation,\" Sanjoy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594366", "title": "SC to hear Centre\u2019s auction time extension plea on Friday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday will consider the Centre's request for second extension to the deadline for auction of 122 spectrum licences, which were cancelled on February 2 on the ground that they were allotted arbitrarily.The Centre has sought extension of the August 31 deadline for the auction saying given the preparations necessary for the purpose, the bidding process could be finalized only by November 12. The government said it would need another 40 days to allocate the licence and spectrum to the successful bidders.The Centre's application was mentioned for early listing by senior advocate P P Rao before a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay, which posted it for hearing on Friday.While cancelling the 122 licences on February 2, the apex court had directed the government to complete the fresh auction process within four months. Finding it difficult to meet the deadline, the Centre had moved an application seeking time till end-October. But, the court had granted time only till August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593172", "title": "Ajit Pawar firm on demolishing illegal structures", "text": "PUNE: At a meeting held with MLAs Laxman Jagtap and Vilas Lande late on Tuesday in Mumbai, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar made it clear that the ongoing drive against illegal constructions that have come up in Pimpri Chinchwad after March 31, 2012 will continue.The decision has come as a major morale booster for municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi who had taken up the demolition drive ona war-footing.Pawar assured the two MLAs that the issue of regularisation of illegal constructions that came up before March 31, 2012, will be taken up with the state government.Meanwhile, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has lodged complaints against 41 persons for unauthorized constructions in the last four days.A total of 20 complaints have been lodged with the Sangvi police station, 15 with the Hinjewadi police station, four complaints with the Pimpri police station, and one complaint each with Vishrantwadi and MIDC police stations.Meanwhile Shahji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Zone III, on Tuesday said that the police have granted conditional permission to a 'morcha' which is being planned by the BJP-Shiv Sena, Republican Party of India (Athavale group), and other organizations on Thursday.\"The organizers have assured that no law and order problem would arise due to the morcha. They have said that it will be held in a peaceful manner. Barricades will be put along the morcha route. The traffic on the stretch of the Pune-Mumbia highway will be diverted,\" Umap said.Shrirang Barne, group leader of Shiv Sena corporators, said, \"We have the right to express our views in a democracy. The state government has not given written instructions to the municipal commissioner to demolish the unauthorized constructions that have come up after March 31, 2012.\"Barne said that his party has written a letter to municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi stating that the morcha to be held on Thursday has been organized to draw the attention of the state government to the problem of unauthorized constructions in the city, the injustice meted by the building permission department and the demand that the building permission rules be relaxed to enable the common man to get quicker building permission for the constructions.Barne maintained that the morcha is not meant to support the unauthorized constructions but to get justice for the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593512", "title": "Molarband scam: Trial plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has rejected the plea of the CBI seeking to start trial in the multi-crore rupee Molarband land grabbing scam on the basis of remaining documents after it was unable to trace some missing documents and statements of witnesses in one of the 16 cases registered in the land scam.Special CBI judge A K Mendiratta dismissed the plea, saying it is a \"half-hearted attempt by the prosecution to bury the proceedings\". \"The court cannot be a mute spectator and a mere umpire to wait endlessly. The case clearly reflects malafide exercise whereby the crucial documents/ statements of the witnesses have been lost and not placed on record by the prosecution,\" the judge said.The case pertains to one of the 16 chargesheets filed by the CBI in different illegal allotments of 160 plots at Molarband Phase II in June 2004. There are a total of 64 witnesses and 237 documents in this case. However, statements of one witness and 230 documents have been traced by the agency.Besides former chhole bhature vendor Ashok Malhotra, the other accused are erstwhile MCD officials S N S Sidhu, Phillip Toppo, Sumer Chand Garg, Bhuvneshwar Singh and Atul Vashisth along with private citizens Ravinder Singh Sandhu, Ram Chander Arora, Lal Mani, Sher Singh, Nanak Chand Khandelwal and businessman Ashok Jain. The court had asked CBI to trace the missing documents last year.The CBI had informed the court that of the 237 documents, 230 have been traced while statements of all 64 witnesses, except that of one, along with the case diaries from August 29, 2007, to September 4, 2007, could not be found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593214", "title": "Ban ads promising magical medical cures, says Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti (ANS) on Tuesday demanded a ban on advertisements claiming to cure diabetes and said that medical science has not made such claims so far. The ANS has also expressed concern about the increase in such advertisements in the media.Addressing a news conference here, activist and executive president of ANS, Narendra Dabholkar said, \"There is a significant rise in the number of advertisements claiming a cure for diabetes or other similar diseases. These practitioners play with the emotions of patients by making false claims. The state government should act at the earliest and stop such advertisements. Such people are not only giving false hopes but also treating patients which could lead to serious health issues.\"The information gathered by the anti-superstition outfit also revealed that such treatment costs anywhere from Rs 400 to Rs 8,000 depending on the patients' economic condition. Dabholkar said, \"There is no proof in the history of medical science that gives a 100% cure for diabetes. The disease can be controlled but cannot be cured. Unfortunately, the state government is not taking any action against such advertisements which violate the Drugs and Magic Remedies Objectionable Advertisement Act (1954).\"He also mentioned that a letter seeking an appointment with the state chief minister had been sent. \"I want to discuss the issue with the chief minister so that there could be some action taken before the winter session of the legislature in Nagpur,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592445", "title": "Govt notifies Sahyadri reserve buffer", "text": "NAGPUR: A day ahead of the Supreme Court hearing on banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, the Maharashtra government finally notified buffer zone of the Sahyadri Tiger Reserve (STR) along the crest of Western Ghats in Kolhapur Wildlife Division in Western Maharashtra.According to highly placed sources, both, the buffer and core area of the STR will combine an area of 1,165.56 sq km. It includes buffer zone of 424.34 sq km.The state had notified 741.22 sq km STR on January 5, 2010. It consisted of Chandoli National Park (317.67 sq km) and Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary (423.55 sq km).However, sources said of the 741.22 sq km actual core area i.e. critical tiger habitat (CTH) will be 600.21 sq km. The remaining 141 sq km area has been included in the buffer. According to Wildlife Institute of India estimation, there are 24 tigers in the tiger reserve and its landscape.\"The CTH area has been chosen after consultations with gram sabhas, inquiries and expert committee's decision under the provisions of Section 38 (V) of the amended Wildlife Protection Act 1972,\" officials told TOI.Maharashtra's principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) SWH Naqvi said a detailed notification about the buffer will be out soon. He refused to comment further, saying the matter would be heard in the Supreme Court on Wednesday.The National Board for Wild Life has already recommended rationalization of Koyna sanctuary by excluding around 100 sq km area of the STR which includes 14 villages and windmill projects.However, the condition is that Maharashtra will have to notify proposed sanctuaries like Rajmachi (122 sq km), Sudhagarh-Tamni (220.18 sq km), Tipagad (52.4 sq km), Isapur (121.55 sq km) and Kolamarka (187 sq km) in the future.Considering the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines, a tiger reserve should be around 800-1000 sq km with an equal area of buffer for breeding of 100 tigers. However, barring Melghat, no tiger reserve in the state fulfils the guidelines.The Supreme Court will hear the petition filed by Prayatna, an NGO based in Bhopal , demanding ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves on Wednesday. On July 24, the apex court had rapped the states for not notifying buffer zones around tiger reserves and had imposed a ban on tourism in core areas of reserves till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15595208", "title": "'Hillary was force behind Osama raid'", "text": "LONDON: US President Barack Obama put off three times operations to kill Osama bin Laden before finally going ahead with the mission at the insistence of secretary of state Hillary Clinton, a new book has claimed.Citing unnamed sources, Rich Miniter, a former Wall Street Journal and Washington Times reporter, claims that three 'kill' missions were called off by Obama in January, February and March 2011.The president feared that the daring navy Seals operation \"might go tragically wrong\" and he would be blamed for it, the Mail Online reported. The book claims the White House's narrative of Obama as a decisive leader who sanctioned Osama's killing was a \"myth\".At the start of his presidency, Miniter writes, Obama was \"studiously undecided\" about whether to kill Osama. \"He left critical decisions to the then-CIA chief Leon Panetta , then-secretary of defence Robert Gates and secretary of state Hillary Clinton.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593719", "title": "Govt to decide on demo drive today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Uncertainty still continues about the proposed demo drive by Formula One driver Narain Karthikeyan in the city on August 28. A group of lawyers from the city have decided to approach the high court later this week against drive saying that holding the event on city roads will amount to violation of traffic rules.The organizers have now submitted a revised proposal to the tourism department, following the objections.The revised proposal submitted by the organizers will make the event cheaper by Rs 30 lakh and will involve two lower caliber cars instead of one F1 car. Arjun Balu will drive MRF's Formula 1600cc Ford car and Narain will be behind the wheels of MRF's brand-new Formula 2000cc car with a Renault engine and Dallara chassis, which is likely to be unveiled in Chennai on August 25.\"The Dallara two-litre engine, with a maximum speed of around 240 km/h, is much slower than an F1 car which actually works in Narain's favour as it is more suitable for stunt driving,\" said the organizer Jose Pottamkulam.The tourism minister, however, is not happy about the downgrade from F1 to 2000cc. \"We had promised the audience an F1 car and now if we say it will be a Formula 2000cc car, won't there be allegations that we did not fulfil our promise,\" asked tourism minister A P Anilkumar. The minister added that the government would take a final decision on Wednesday.A source in the tourism department, however, said that the government may not cancel the event altogether. \"If the demo drive cannot happen this time with an F1 car, maybe it can be organized some other time, like during the Emerging Kerala investors' meet,\" said the source.Emerging Kerala, however, is tightly wedged between the Monza and Singapore Grand Prix, which could make it difficult for Narain to participate.The car and crew that were supposed to fly in from Frankfurt has already missed the loading deadline as the Kerala government remained undecided about conducting the event in the wake of the impending PIL petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594878", "title": "Panjab University students protest over steep food rates at Student Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University students on Tuesday protested against the soaring prices of food items at the Student Centre.Members of Hindustan Student Association (HSA) cited examples of some food items which they claimed were being sold on the campus at a rate higher than the market price.These items included fried rice, manchurian, noodles that were being sold at Rs 55, momos, spring rolls being sold at Rs 25 per five pieces, burgers and footlongs that came at Rs 30 at the Student Centre.\"Besides, we also took up the issue of use of plastic plates and carry bags at the centre,\" said Kuldeep Singh, a member of the organization.Students, in their memorandum to the vice-chancellor, said certain items that were not mentioned in the permitted list of food items were also being sold on the campus. \"The dietician of the dean (student welfare) office needs to be more vigilant,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594285", "title": "Corporation gears up to launch monorail project", "text": "COIMBATORE: Almost a year after the state government announced its plan to introduce Monorail transport corridor in the city, the municipal corporation is finally gearing up towards this end. The corporation will seek approval from the elected council in the next meeting to float tenders for appointing consultants to prepare a detailed Project Report pertaining to feasibility.After obtaining the council's green signal the proposal will be forwarded to Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Limited (TUFISIL) and a tender will be floated inviting proposals from interested firms to quote their price for preparing the project report.\"We are planning to discuss the monorail project during the next corporation council meeting. It will be forwarded to Managing Director of TUFISIL after getting the council's approval,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The monorail is expected to be the biggest project implemented within city limits. Corporation officials claimed that once the initial Project Report is drafted based on a feasibility study, including route mapping and land acquisition requirement, the project will begin.\"It will be a complex process. We have to identify the most feasible routes where the project could be implemented so that it could cater to maximum people. The infrastructure requirements, including the beam support line and stations along the path would also have to be identified. Land acquisition must also be looked at,\" Ponnusamy added.The corporation officials also added that only consultants with prior experience in conceiving metro or monorail projects in other parts of the country will be selected after scrutinizing the tenders. The initial DPR prepared after conducting field study in the city would be finalised only after seeking response and grievances from the public.\"The initial project report will be a provisional DPR and will be finalised only after seeking the views of residents and other stakeholders,\" Ponnusamy said.The cost estimate and other details about the project are expected to be finalised in the coming days. The AIADMK government had announced a Monorail project for Coimbatore soon after coming to power last year. The former DMK government had earlier announced Metro rail network for Coimbatore and Madurai which now seems to have been shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15597682", "title": "Parliament adjourned again as BJP sticks to demands for PM, govt resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both Houses of Parliament were adjourned on Wednesday after there was Opposition uproar over the coal block allocation. The Lok Sabha was adjourned till noon and the Rajya Sabha for thirty minutes.The BJP said it will continue to mount pressure to demand resignation of the Prime Minister and the government on the issue of CAG report on coal block allocation, in an indication that Parliament is likely to be stalled for the second successive day.The BJP also rejected suggestions for a debate on the issue or seek any clarification from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , saying the government was \"never sincere and never tried to punish the culprits\".\"The BJP will continue to demand the resignation of the Prime Minister and the government,\" senior party leader Venkaiah Naidu told reporters after the BJP Parliamentary meeting chaired by L K Advani. Naidu quoted Advani as saying, \"This government has become a burden on the country and it has become a blot on the nation also. That's why it is all the more important that this government should go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598381", "title": "Prashant Nanda is my inspiration: Deepak Panda", "text": "Actor-cum-director Deepak Panda talks about his movie \u2014 My Love StoryHow difficult is it for you to write, direct and act in a movie? It's difficult but I am trying to do something different in Odisha. I am mounting my film in a big way and have started shooting in Mumbai already. I seek inspiration in Prashant Nanda. He is one personality in Ollywood who has done everything with elan. My Love Story is a romance where I have cast Katrine Kobe in the lead opposite me. Katrine is a Russian model who will be making her big screen debut in India with this film. Bobby Kumar, who played Agneepath 2' s Vimla, has also signed on the movie. Will Katrine be playing a Russian girl in your movie? Katrina will be playing an Indian girl. She is a good friend of mine and agreed once I told her about my venture. You have already shot portions of your movie in Mumbai. When do you begin shooting in Odisha? I have shot some portions of the film in Mumbai. I will be shooting in various locations of Odisha from the middle of September. Apart from these actors, we also have Mihir Das, Usasi Mishra and Mino Ketono in the film. The songs for the film have already been recorded. Udit Narayan, Shaan, Babul Supriyo, Vinod Rathod, Krishna Beura and Tarranam Malik have lent their voice to the songs. There has been some confusion over Riya Sen doing an item number in your film. What's the latest status? Riya has finally agreed to do an item number. She has liked the song and will be shooting it soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593438", "title": "Panic fleeing subsides, 4000 arrive on Tuesday", "text": "GUWAHATI: Panic fleeing by NE natives working in places like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune etc finally seems to be subsiding as the perceived fear of possible attacks has decreased in people's minds. Three trains arrived in Guwahati on Tuesday carrying only 4,000 people as opposed to double the number on Monday.Dhrubajyoti Hazarika, officer-in-charge of the Government Railway Police at Guwahati railway station, said, \"The rush in the special trains carrying passengers has come down as the situation seems to have improved in the southern cities, where rumours of possible attacks on people from northeast had created havoc. From around 7000 panic-stricken people arriving on Monday, the number came down to almost half today (Tuesday).\"On the platforms, even as the people - mostly from Assam - getting off the trains, breathed a sigh of relief to be on home ground, the fear and anxiety that made them flee their places of work was clearly visible on their faces. Many were wary of even talking to members of voluntary organisations who are parked at the station to provide all kinds of assistance to the passengers.Most of them hurriedly headed out of the station looking for conveyance to take them home, and many didn't even have enough money in their pockets to buy their lunch. The eateries in and around the station, which were expecting good business due to arrival of thousands of natives, were disappointed. \"Very few travelers coming from southern and western India are coming to our eatery. They are anxious to meet their family members and don't seem to be carrying any money,\" says Prastuti Barman, in-charge of Jan Ahar, an eatery run by the Railways at the station.The general secretary of the Naga Students Union in Guwahati, Inito L Shohe, said, \"Around 30 Naga students and professionals reached Guwahati via train on Tuesday. It's high time the government takes up confidence-building measures so that NE natives residing outside the state feel safe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593421", "title": "Fishing scam: Govt backs minister Solanki in HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A year after the Lokayukta issue, the Narendra Modi government and governor Dr Kamla are in another dispute over the latter's authority to make a decision without \"aid and advice of the council of ministers\".The debate was reopened on Tuesday after the state government told the Gujarat high court that it supported the petition by fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki against the governor's decision to sanction criminal prosecution in the alleged Rs 400-crore fishing scam.Government pleader Prakash Jani told the court that the state government cannot take an adversarial stand merely to defend its minister, but feels that the decision by the council of ministers on June 27 which refused to prosecute Solanki was just, proper and legal.The government pleader dubbed Dr Kamla's decision as illegal and beyond the powers conferred to the governor by the Constitution. The government made this statement after complainant Ishak Maradia's counsel Mukul Sinha requested that it clarify its stand on the issue.Meanwhile, senior counsel Prakash Thakker continued his submissions on behalf of the minister, who has demanded that the governor's decision be struck down. He even submitted that the decision to award fishing contracts was not taken by Solanki. He also cited a five-judge bench.The governor sanctioned Solanki's prosecution under the Prevention of Corruption Act on July 26 in response to Maradia's representation. Earlier, the state government refused to grant sanction. The issue was hence decided by the high court and the governor took a decision on Maradia's demands. After the HC cleared way, a lower court in Gandhinagar ordered an inquiry into the alleged scam.Facing criminal prosecution, Solanki moved the HC contending that the governor could not have passed such an order without aid and advice of council of ministers. Solanki denied that there was any Rs 400-crore scam. The minister also filed another quashing petition with regard to the Gandhinagar court's order of inquiry into Mardia's complaint.Further hearing in this regard has been set for Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595034", "title": "IIT-M student commits suicide in hostel dorm", "text": "CHENNAI: Academic excellence brought 21-year-old S Merugu Manasa to IIT-Madras, where personal problems hounded her to death. Less than three weeks after attending class at the institute in Adyar, the first year MTech chemical engineering student committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan in her hostel dormitory on Tuesday.\"Merugu returned to the hostel at 7.30am after spending three days with her family (in Karimnagar). She was crying when I saw her in the dormitory, and did not go to the class with her hostel mates,\" said a maid at the hostel. Eight students stayed together in the dormitory.Some students said when they invited her for lunch at the hostel mess, she told them to go ahead and that she would join them later. They did not see her alive after that. \"She was a fun-loving girl, and not someone who seemed depressed or unhappy,\" said a student.Police sources said that one of her roommates returned in the evening to find the door locked from inside. When Merugu did not open the door for a long time, the student informed the hostel warden and the security officials broke open the door. They found her hanging.Dean of students L S Ganesh said, \"Classes have just begun, so we don't think it was academic pressure that made her take this step.\" A week after joining IIT-M, she had told her classmates that she had married Srinivasa Minisala, a software engineer at Infosys in Hyderabad, when she was in her final year at Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University, Andhra Pradesh.Police said Merugu's relatives did not seem to know about the marriage. \"We called her uncle and informed him about her death. He was surprised to know she was married,\" the official said.The girl's father, Rajesh Shiyan, and her husband were informed of her death. The Kotturpuram police said Merugu died around 2.30 pm, and that the institute informed them around two hours later.The body was sent to Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy. Police said they did not find a suicide note, and they could find no clues in her laptop as it was password protected.Sivakumar M Srinivasan, head of the institute's guidance and counselling unit, said her hostel mates at Sarayu C2-3 hostel were given professional counselling for at least 15 minutes each. \"They have been moved to Sharavati hostel and won't be coming back because they might get upset when they see the place,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15592538", "title": "Delayed BSNL bills irk customers", "text": "YAVATMAL: Hundreds of BSNL customers, particularly postpaid mobile users in Yavatmal, are facing problems for no fault of their own, due to faulty delivery of monthly bills.In Yavatmal, there are over 7,000 post paid mobile users of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) and there is no regular delivery of monthly bills. Not only are consumers unnecessarily saddled with the Rs 10 late fee for no fault of their own, many also have to visit the BSNL office to collect a duplicate copy of the bill. Some customers have even complained that their outgoing calls have been barred as they did not pay the bill on time.The BSNL billing is made at Pune and the local authorities have auctioned the preparation of bills to a local private agency. The agency prepares the bills and hands them over the same to the BSNL billing section. The billing section later hands over the bills in bulk to the head post office from where they are to be delivered to the customers.However, this chain is not carried out promptly, often resulting in delay. The local BSNL billing section in-charge Pravin Ramteke admitted that there are a large number of complaints from mobile customers about the late delivery of bills or no delivery at all, but blamed the postal department for it. \"Our Pune office make the bills on the 9th of every month and we hand them over to the post office latest by 10-12 of every month,\" he said. \"The bills are either delayed or not at all delivered to the customers by the post office,\" he confirmed, and said that they arrange monthly meeting to review the services and give instructions but it bears no fruit.As a matter of fact, the post of District General Manager of the Yavatmal BSNL is lying vacant since the last DGM M.B. Mohabe has gone back to his parental department. At present the office of the DGM is under the additional charge of the Chief General Manager of Akola who seldom comes to Yavatmal. The Assistant General Manager R .S. Patil looks after the DGM office at present.The senior citizens and physically challenged customers are the most sufferers of the lapses of BSNL and Postal departments as they have to climb over 25 steep stairs to reach the local billing section from where they may get a duplicate bill and then again climb down to the ground floor and finally pay the bill after standing 2-3 hours on an unending queue.Post master Surendra Shukla, however, denied the allegations. \"We deliver the bills promptly to customers if they are made available to us in time,\" he said. He added that the post office was facing a staff crunch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594172", "title": "High court: Diocesan society schools are minority institutions", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has held that schools run by the diocesan society of education are minority educational institutions and entitled to protection under Article 30(1) of the Indian Constitution.The verdict came on a petition filed by a teacher Ivy da Conceicao, who alleged that she was not considered for the post of principal in the society's high secondary schools even though she was senior to those appointed as principals in various diocesan schools.A division bench comprising justice AP Lavande and justice UV Bakre observed, \"The schools run by the society are minority educational institutions and entitled to protection under Article 30(1) of the Constitution of India in terms of the certificate issued by the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions, New Delhi, not only from June 29, 2009, but also from the date of pronouncement of the judgment by this court (in Harmal Panchakroshi Shikshan Mandal and another versus state of Goa and others).\"In the case of Harmal Panchakroshi Shikshan Mandal, the high court had recorded that the diocesan society is a minority educational institution. While stating that the apex court has upheld the right of minority educational institution to appoint a teacher having requisite qualification as headmaster of its school, the high court observed that Conceicao did not state that the respondents do not have the minimum qualification for being appointed school principals.The court observed, \"We fail to understand as to how the petitioner having accepted the terms and conditions mentioned in her letter of appointment can turn around and challenge the minority status of the society, solely for the purpose of challenging the appointments of respondents as principals of the higher secondary schools run by the society.\"Conceicao had alleged that that the society is neither a religion based minority institution nor satisfies any of the requirements for labeling it as religion based minority institution, within the meaning of Article 30 of the Constitution of India. She claimed that Roman Catholics in Goa are not notified by the central government as \"minority community\" under Section 2(g) of the National Commission For Minority Educational Institution Act, 2004.She pointed out that that the society has not been recognized as a minority school or minority institution by the appropriate authority under Section 5 of the Goa School Education Act, 1984. Conceicao alleged that the society claimed it is a minority institution with an oblique motive to support the illegal action in respect of various appointments by promotion made to the posts of principal.During the hearing of the case, senior counsel JE Coelho Pereira, who appeared for the society, submitted that the institutions run by the diocesan society are minority educational institutions, as disclosed by certificate dated June, 24, 2009, issued by National Commission for Minority Educational Institution, New Delhi. Conceicao, having accepted the minority status of the institution in terms of the appointment letter, is now not entitled to challenge the status of the society, he argued.The society also relied upon the statistical handbook of Goa, issued by the state government, in terms of which, Christians number about 26.68% of the population of the state, as per 2001 census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592857", "title": "Gujarat municipal corporation waiting for 11th hour to begin work", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city municipal corporation clearly believes in miracles. It is planning to doll up a six-km long stretch on NH-7 in Bahadurpura for the COP 11 summit, but will take up the work only from the end of this month, leaving it with just a month to complete the mammoth task.The corporation has only now sanctioned Rs 4.34 crore for the maintenance and beautification of this road leading to the Nehru Zoological Park. Tenders for the work will be opened on August 28 while the prestigious COP 11 summit is slated to begin on October 1.The plan on paper is exhaustive including road laying, maintenance of pavements and drains along the four COP 11 corridors __ Charminar to Chandrayangutta via Falaknuma, Puranapul to Charminar, Puranapul to Mir Alam and Puranapul to Khairtabad via high court and Begum Bazaar. Officials admit that apart from pavement strengthening work carried out in Afzalgunj a couple of weeks ago, no other work has been taken up so far. GHMC officials are not too optimistic even now as they note that their earlier attempts to get a contractor for this work did not meet any encouraging response.Officials have a near impossible task on hand. Not only are there a number of religious structures including chillas and dargahs jutting out on the road and blocking traffic, roads and drains in neighbourhoods along NH-7 like Mecca Colony and Bilal Nagar have been lying in a state of utter neglect.\"The highway authority did widen the road a few times but they stopped it midway for a number of reasons including the presence of religious structures. We will have to see how iron grills of graves can be pushed back. Work in Mecca Colony and Bilal Nagar will also be taken up as they are close to the highway and delegates may wish to pass through those areas,\" said a GHMC official.That this stretch is critical is evidently not lost on GHMC. \"The zoo is a major biodiversity centre so it was important that NH-7 be spruced up for COP 11. There was a review meeting today for speeding up work in the South Zone,\" said Ravi Kiran, zonal commissioner, GHMC. Other officials said a timeline for the work's execution can only be given after the tenders are opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592005", "title": "Heat on Kanda for fake Emirates mail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gopal Kanda now stands accused under the information technology Act for allegedly sending false electronic messages resulting in the harassment of his former employee Geetika Sharma. Delhi Police slapped the additional charges against the Sirsa MLA on Tuesday.Dharmendra Kumar, special commissioner of police (law and order), said Kanda was charged under Section 66(A) pertaining to the sending of information that is grossly offensive or has menacing character or is meant to deceive or to mislead. \"We have slapped this section as the accused forged details and sent them to Geetika through emails,\" Kumar told reporters without elaborating.Kanda already faces charges of criminal intimidation (Section 506 IPC), criminal conspiracy (120B IPC), and abetment to suicide (306 IPC). If he is found to have destroyed evidence, Section 201 of IPC will also be pressed. Other sub-sections of the IT Act are likely to be added to the case.Tuesday's action follows from the recovery of an email that were sent to Geetika when she was working with Emirates (TOI has a copy). Police said Kanda's HR manager Aruna Chaddha had drafted the forged letter and it was mailed from the laptop of another HR employee, Khushboo Sinha, by assistant HR manager Shivroop. During questioning, Shivroop told police he sent the mail at Aruna's behest.Police say Aruna mailed the draft to Shivroop, who created a fake ID, bhasir.emirates@hotmail.com, and sent it to Geetika, threatening extradition. The mail states that the sender represents the Dubai judiciary and a case has been filed against Geetika in Gurgaon, adding that she would be extradited if she did not reply to it within a week of coming to Dubai. Attached to the mail is a letter to the Consul General of India from the law department, seeking the Consulate General of India's help to extradite Geetika for failure to repay 50,000 dirhams to one Mohammed Ahmad al Karim.In another development in the case, the National Commission for Women has submitted its report stating Geetika was 'exploited'. It also raised concerns over the release of Geetika's postmortem report to media even as the family did not get a copy.On Tuesday, Shivroop and Khushboo were grilled about their involvement in the case at the Ashok Vihar police station. Sources said Shivroop may have to be questioned at length as he seemed to have played a more dubious role. Khushboo, though, may have only sent emails and made calls to Geetika.On the third day of questioning, Kanda himself was said to be cooperating with police. He seemed to have settled down into the new routine, unlike his first day in lockup when he fainted after forgetting to take blood pressure medicines. Officials said the need to put him through brain mapping may not arise if he continues to provide answers. Police are now analyzing the hard disks of MDLR's vice-president, corporate affairs, Rajeev Parashar that were seized along with Khushboo's hard disk. Parashar has been questioned earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593429", "title": "SC stays probe against Cong leader", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed police action against a Congress leader in Surendranagar who put up hoardings of suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt during chief minister Narendra Modi's Sadbhavana fasts in January this year.Congress party spokesperson Naushad Solanki was booked for allegedly spreading communal enmity and defaming Modi and making a statement conducive to public mischief. This happened when police found a hoarding with the suspended cop's picture a quote terming the chief minister \"a person without principles\".In his petition against the Gujarat high court order, which refused to quash the FIR in this regard, Solanki claimed Bhatt had written an open letter to Modi when the latter announced his Sadbhavana Mission in September last year. The hoarding contained Bhatt's photo and a statement from his letter to Modi, which read, \"I have principles, but do not have the authority; you (Modi) have the authority, but do not have principles. You are 'you' and I am 'me'. There is no chance of any solution, so let the battle be on.\"Symbolically, it was on basis of Bhatt's statement implicating Modi in the 2002 riots, SC-appointed amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran has recommended charges of spreading communal enmity between two communities under Section 153(A) of IPC against the chief minister.In this case too, the Surendranagar police inspector filed a complaint invoking Sections 153(A), 501 and 505 of IPC. Solanki obtained anticipatory bail from a sessions court. However, when he moved the HC to get the FIR quashed, the HC turned his plea down in February which paved the way for investigation.Solanki moved the SC through advocate I H Syed, who posed several questions of law. He raised a question whether any police official can file FIR and investigate a case without judicial magistrate's permission in connection with such writing on a poster. He also contended whether such writing was inflammatory as to create discord between two communities. Acting on this quashing petition, a bench of Justice T S Thakur and Justice Jagdish Sing Khehar issued notice to the state government and stayed investigation till further orders, advocate Syed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15595254", "title": "In Hooda's home turf, students study under trees", "text": "ROHTAK: Seasons change from monsoon to the bone-chilling winter and then the scorching summer, but for the past two years, nearly 1,000 girls in the Government Girls Senior Secondary School in Kiloi village of Rohtak study out in the open due to absence of classrooms.The state government got the old school building pulled down and began work on a fresh structure in 2009, however, delays after delays led to much incontinence for the students. And, Kiloi village is a part of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's home constituency - Garhi Sampla Kiloi.Studies take place under the open sky and in the adjoining sports complex. \"Things are difficult throughout the year and we rush to the verandah when it rains. We cannot concentrate on our work,\" around 35 students of Class VII, sitting under a tree near the sports complex, said in unison.Another group of girls exclaimed while making a grimace of disgust: \"The open ground and tree shades have been our classrooms for two years. Class VI girls sit on an uneven kutcha floor and studies are almost impossible. We brace the harsh summer and the terrible winter days.\" The teachers too agreed with the students and argued: \"We have taken up the issue with senior education officers and have sought help of the village panchayat. But nothing seems to go right.\"Village sarpanch Jitender Singh said they talked to WD (Building and Roads) authorities to expedite the construction work. \"But the contractor frequently stops work on one or another excuse. District education officer Jagbir Malik said work has resumed and five classrooms would be ready soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15594035", "title": "Bodh Gaya bandh to protest schoolboy's kidnapping", "text": "GAYA: The tourist-cum-pilgrimage township of Bodh Gaya observed near total bandh on Tuesday to protest against the kidnapping of Prashant, a Class IV student of a local private school. Prashant was kidnapped about three weeks back on July 28 by bike riding criminals while going to the school. The delay in rescuing Prashant has angered Bodh Gaya residents who resorted to bandh to register their anger against the incident and failure of the police to rescue the school boy.Almost all political parties, organizations like chamber of commerce , hoteliers association and Nagrik Parishad etc. supported the bandh which was a success. The police, on its part continues to grope in the dark. Raids were conducted at several places on Monday to rescue the kidnapped boy but success eluded Gaya police. The family members, according to police sources, have not received a single ransom call in the past three weeks, thereby making things more difficult for the police. The non-receipt of ransom call tends to give the impression that the kidnapping was not made for ransom and as such the incident has assumed mysterious proportions.Enmity is the other possible cause of kidnapping. But on this count too, little progress has been made as Prashant's family members have not identified anybody who may have done it for reasons of enmity. In private discussions police officers complain that they have not got the kind of support from Prashant's family required to crack a case of this nature. According to Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar , the police was very much on job and all efforts were being made to rescue the kidnapped boy. The SSP hoped that ultimately the police will succeed. \"We are doing all that was humanly possible,\" said Kumar.Earlier, a few days back, hundreds of school boys from Bodh Gaya formed a human chain and offered prayers at the world famous Mahabodhi shrine to pray for the boy's safe recovery. Delay in Prashant's recovery has added to the apprehensions being expressed about the school boy's safety.Prashant's kidnapping could not have come at a worse time for the Gaya police. With the tourist season 2012-13 only a few weeks away, the police are under tremendous pressure to put its acts together and ensure a safe rescue operation. Foreign tourists, particularly the Europeans and Americans being very sensitive on the law and order issue, the kidnapping has not sent the right signals to the potential tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594420", "title": "SC refuses to stay roadside meeting ban", "text": "KOCHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to grant a stay on the ban imposed by the Kerala high court on roadside meetings in the state.The SC, however, admitted an appeal by the state government against the high court order. The SC observed that India is the only country where roadside meetings are conducted in violation of the right to free movement.Earlier, on April 13, the SC had criticized the state government, observing that the state government is continuously trying to overcome court orders through legislations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594146", "title": "Lance Naik murdered over woman, says Ferozepur SP", "text": "MANGALORE: Senior police authorities in Ferozepur, Punjab, have confirmed that Lance Naik Krishnappa Gowda, 32, who was posted at 507, Army Services Corps (ASC), Ferozepur at the Indo-Pakistan border, was done to death owing to personal animosity.Son of farmer couple Chanana Gowda and Monamma of Balike in Nada in Belthangady in DK district, Krishnappa, who was recently married, may have been killed over a woman, police suspect.Gowda, a non-commissioned officer in the ASC, was initially suspected to have died of cardiac arrest while on sentry duty. It was initially suspected that he may died in hostile fire from across the border.However, Virender Pal Singh, superintendent of police, Ferozepur, has since informed his counterpart Abhishek Goyal here that Krishnappa was the victim of a crime of passion. He did not die of natural causes, he added.Speaking to The Times of India, Goyal said that as per the information given by his Ferozepur counterpart, the ASC authorities were quite reluctant to file a first information report in connection with the incident.\"It is only after Ferozepur police pressed for it that ASC authorities relented,\" Abhishek said adding that ASC authorities are tight-lipped about the whole incident and not forthcoming with facts pertaining to the case.While the Corps of Military Police of Indian Army is expected to conduct an internal inquiry into the circumstances under which Krishnappa died, ASI Vijay Kumar of Cantt PS, who was the duty officer when the incident was reported to local police told The Times of India that Krishnappa's body in full uniform was found a kilometre away from his sentry post in the early hours of August 13.\"The wound injuries on Krishnappa, behind his neck, indicate he was murdered,\" ASI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15595205", "title": "A robot as your virtual double?", "text": "LONDON: Next time you are too busy to attend a party, you can send your virtual counterpart, an iPad robot instead! The 'Double' robot priced at $2,000 can turn your iPad into a 'virtual you' that can be sent anywhere in the world, the Daily Mail reported.It can move around, all controlled by your own iPad, and even adjust its height to make sure you are always at eye level, its owners have said. The gadget could be used to attend meetings, meet friends for lunch, and even visit art galleries around the world.\"You can stay at eye level, whether sitting or standing, by adjusting your height remotely, which makes conversations fluid and real,\" the firm behind the design, 'Double Robotics' was quoted as saying by the paper.\"Efficient motors and lightweight design give 'Double' the ability to last all day without recharging the battery,\" it said. The robot is based around a single wheel, which balances the robot as it moves, rather like a Segway. A retractable kickstand automatically deploys to conserve power when you are not moving around. The gadget has already proved a huge success, the firm said, with the first run already sold out, it said in a blog post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593685", "title": "On special drive, SIT arrests 1 youth", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the Azad Maidan violence on Tuesday launched a special drive to arrest all those who are wanted for the August 11 violence and arrested another person Mohammed Hussain from Kurla. Sources said SIT launched the special drive after several suspects who had promised to surrender before the police after Eid failed to turn up on Tuesday.\"Many of them had through their mediators promised to surrender but they did not turn up. Till now we were going a bit soft but now to speed up the process, we have initiated a stronger drive,\" an officer said.With Hussain's arrest, the total number of people arrested has gone up to 25.In the special drive, the police are now planning to pressurize parents or relatives so that the main culprits surrender. The police are also putting the suspects' cell phones under surveillance to trace them.The crime branch will be taking the help of local police and informers.Meanwhile three more persons suspected to be involved in the violence were detained by the SIT late on Tuesday evening and are verifying them with the CCTV footages. Besides, police have identified 20 more youths responsible for the violence taking the number of persons identified to 42.The police also said they have identified the two suspects from Mumbra and Kurla responsible for the desecration of 1857 Martyrs' Memorial. \"They have been identified but their houses are locked and the entire family has gone underground. How long can they run? We are now putting their mobile phones under surveillance,\" said an officer.In the August 11 violence, two persons were killed and 63, including 58 policemen, injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592944", "title": "Silt in HP dams may hit power supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: With three major hydro power plants in Himachal Pradesh being shut down due to rising silt levels in the rivers, the city may face disruptions in power supply in the coming days.Though Delhi Transco assured the three plants combined did not supply much power to the capital and that there would be no disturbance, sources said if the demand suddenly shot up due to humidity, it may cause a demand-supply gap.\"Despite the power demand in Delhi on the lower side, load shedding for a few hours may be needed as a precautionary measure until the three plants resume work,\" said senior Transco official.NRLDC, meanwhile, has taken matters in its own hands to ensure the northern states follow grid discipline. NRLDC has issued directions to all northern states to restrict power withdrawal. \"Any state overdrawing from the grid will be penalized. In case, any state falls short of supply, they are advised to make their own arrangements and not rely on the grid,'' said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15594531", "title": "Irregularities in CSD buys under scrutiny", "text": "Rampant defense procurement violations under lensHealth of millions of defense personnel at risk* Hi-tech floor wiper is categorized as a manufacturer, which also supplies thandai as brand owner* An ``importer'' supplying ayurvedic hair oil morphs as a manufacturer supplying ginger cough drops* The Board of Administration cleared 17 food and beverage items for sale at the defense canteen stores without receiving hygiene inspection reports to certify the productsThese are just some of the irregularities pointed out by the controller of defense accounts and integrated financial advisor (principal controller) Savitur Prasad to the defense establishment. The communication accessed through an RTI filed by activist Subhash Agrawal indicates blatant violation of the rules and regulations framed for procurement of supplies through the canteen stores department (CSD) that has put the health and lives of millions of defense personnel at risk.CSD caters to the daily requirements of the armed forces personnel and their families and is expected to provide consumer goods of high quality to the troops at a price cheaper than the prevailing market rates. In order to ensure that service personnel get the maximum range of necessary items with best quality, the Board of Administration (BOA) meets every month to approve items keeping in view the troops' needs. The annual spending of the public exchequer for these products amounts to Rs 10,000 crore.Prasad, in a letter in April 19, 2012, has pointed out that the exact opposite of these intentions was happening. As financial advisor he received no communication regarding the factory inspections and hygiene checks for 589 products, which had been cleared by five previous BOAs between December, 2010 and December, 2011.Referring to the BOA held in March, 2012, Prasad said that 91 items were introduced from 45 firms. Of these, 17 items were in the category of edible, beverage and liquor. \"Hygiene reports for none of these reports have been received,'' he wrote a month after the BOA had cleared them. Pointing out that a company, S.A.I Brushes, supplied hi-tech floor wiper was categorized as a manufacturer in one section, while the same firm was described as a brand owner supplying thandai, Prasad said, ``It is incomprehensible how a wiper manufacturer is also accepted for supply of thandai (which is an edible item), to CSD, that too without factory inspection and hygiene report.''Citing other examples, the letter said, \"It is not clear whether the mandatory condition of hygiene certificate are being fulfilled by obtaining the same from Army Medical Authorities before placing the order, for cases approved in earlier BOAs.''Recommending a review of all BOA decisions, Prasad wrote that procurement without fulfilling the condition of mandatory hygiene certification was a \"serious violation'' and could jeopardize the \"health and medical safety of defense forces.''In his defense, BOA chairman and general manager admitted that hygiene inspection reports are delayed. In response to Prasad's letter Major General R Suresh replied that since the hygiene inspection was a multi-stage process and there were delays it had been decided in a meeting in 1999 that all cases of new introduction, where initial orders had not been placed beyond three months after the date of approval of an item by BOA, would be reviewed by the Board with related reports including factory inspection and hygiene reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594772", "title": "Institution on the lines of army school likely", "text": "BHOPAL: The school education department will soon open a school in the state for those inclined towards the defence services in the country. At a review meeting of the school education department held recently, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that a school on the lines of army school should be established by the department which would provide the basic training to students in all the three wings; army, navy and air force.A highly-placed source in the education department said, \"The chief minister had expressed his desire for a school on the lines of an army school. A proposal for the same would be chalked out soon.\"Departmental sources say that the chief minister had expressed displeasure as the state quota for the defense selection was incomplete according to Army since not many people were showing interest.To foster such inclination, a proposal would now be drafted, as instructed by the Chief Minister. Sources say that the finer details like the eligibility criteria, time line etc of the project would be chalked out soon. In addition to that, the budget for the building and other infrastructure would be drawn separately and not from the education department's budget.Besides, retire army personnel would be in charge of grooming students who are admitted in the school. Serving defence personnel would also act as guest faculty from time to time to provide inputs. Overall, the academic, IQ and health and nutritional requirements of the students would be taken care of and they would be trained according to the eligibility criteria of the defense services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15593394", "title": "Manipur Christian body calls for peace", "text": "IMPHAL: In the face of the exodus of northeastern students from cities of South India, the All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO) has appealed to all communities of the state to remain calm and not to resort to violence.The AMCO appealed to all churches to pray ceaselessly and restrain their members from resorting to any unwanted steps that could fuel the violence. \"We understand the situation and propaganda being played by various elements where there is every possibility of larger violence and destruction. Many have suffered unnecessarily causing more hurt and bitterness,\" said AMCO president Rev Prim Vaiphei.AMCO reviewed the mass exodus of the NE people from different cities. \"We stand at the threshold of massive changes in times of history and we appeal that much understanding and solution can be brought with forgiveness and prayers to reduce human suffering and pain that has affected various families, indirectly and directly,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595102", "title": "Coast guard\u2019s clean-up ship docks in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Samudra Paheredar, the second of the three pollution control vessels being built for the Indian Coast Guard, docked in Chennai port on Tuesday. The vessel, which carries equipment to counter sea pollution like oil spills, was commissioned in July. Samudra Paheredar will be stationed in Vishakapatnam port and is on a three -day visit to Chennai, the eastern headquarters of the coast guard.Indian Coast Guard commander (East) inspector-general S P Sharma said the primary role of the ship would be to clean up sea pollution. \"The vessel is equipped with the most advanced pollution response and control equipment,\" he said. It also has pollution particle recovery devices like skimmers and side-sweeping arms.The coast guard launched its second pollution control vessel after the Centre decided to tighten pollution control measures along the coastline. Three major oil spills occurred off the Mumbai coast in 2010 and 2011, including a major spill at the Oil and Natural Gas Commission's (ONGC) Uran Trunk Oil pipeline, that forced the government to take immediate steps to prevent sea pollution.A shipping ministry official said the busiest vessel routes close to the country's shores handle large crude carriers each of which could in an accident potentially leak 100,000 tonnes of oil into the sea off India's coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593269", "title": "15-year-old girl 'raped by 5 auto drivers' in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A 15-year-old girl was allegedly gang raped for over seven hours on Monday night by five autorickshaw drivers who snatched her from the ITI bus stand in Helal locality. The five accused, who are under 21 years of age, allegedly took her to a deserted stretch of the Ring Road in Ratu. An FIR was lodged at the women's police station and the five were arrested after the girl's statement was recorded. The accused have been Anand Kumar, Pawan Sahu, Vishal Kumar, Jitendra Kumar Singh and Arvind Kumar.The victim, who belongs to Mandu block of Ramgarh, was waiting for a bus to visit her brothers in-law's residence in Gumla, police sources said. The ITI inter-district bus depot is usually deserted after 8pm. The autodrivers apparently sensed her vulnerability and lured her into their vehicle with a promise to help her board a bus. The accused allegedly took her to Ring Road -- a deserted six-lane under-construction motorway on the outskirts - where they took turns to rape her for several hours.The five were taking the girl back towards ITI bus stand around 9am when they were caught. \"The girl who was weeping and she started shouting for help when she saw the police,\" said a sub inspector. The police said that they recovered some condoms apparently used by the autodrivers from the site. They, however, could not confirmed if the assaulters were drunk at the time. A police officer said no bottle of liquor was recovered from the site.Women's Police Commission officer in-charge Shiela Toppo said the girl had undergone a medical treatment. \"The victim's parents have been informed, about the incident,\" Toppo said. Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla said the accused have confessed. \"The accused have been arrested and legal action would be taken against them,\" Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594765", "title": "Doctors: Improved immunity has kept swine flu in check", "text": "NASHIK: While swine flu has made a come-back in Nashik city, as the virus claimed on life on Saturday, doctors say that general immunity against the virus has strengthened. Nevertheless they have warned against locals lowering their guard against the disease.\"Nashik, which reported the first swine flu death in 2009, today sees comparatively fewer postive diagnoses of the disease. This in itself is a good sign. The fall in cases can be attributed to higher immunity levels as the body's immune system has identified the virus. But this should not be a reason to take the situation for granted and drop one's guard against precautionary measures lightly,\" said Dr G I Phadnis, resident medical officer.Statistics have revealed that the maximum number of positive cases occur in the months of July- August.In August 2009, when the first case of swine flu was detected, 27 patients were tested positive and six deaths were recorded, while in August 2010 the tally rose to 117 positive cases and 15 deaths.The situation improved in August 2011 with only two patients being tested positive that month and no casualty. In August this year there has been only one death so far, officials noted.Dr Phadnis said that 2009, when the outbreak was first recorded, witnessed the highest number of patients largely due to the lack of general awareness about the disease and prevention among citizens. Most cases were reported late after critical treatment time had been lost, he added. It might also be noted that while there was an increase in positive cases in 2010 compared to 2009, there was a drop in the number of deaths in 2010 compared to the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15594032", "title": "Goa survey required to find illiterate children: Alina", "text": "VASCO: A survey of each ward, panchayat and municipality needs to be undertaken to know how many children in the age group of six to 14 years have been denied the right to education and accordingly they should be enrolled in schools, said Alina Saldanha, Cortalim MLA and minister for environment and forests. She was speaking at the one-day community mobilization workshop in Vasco organized by Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan ( SSA).Many panchayat members, sarpanchas, heads of schools including headmasters and senior teachers gathered at the St Andrew's church hall, Vasco, on Tuesday morning. The workshop aimed at preparing the planning stage to implement the Right to Education Act. Farrel Furtado e Gracias, state project director of Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, said, \"There are a huge number of migrants coming to Goa. They come here and do their service to the state so even we should take a step and make sure that their children and ours, both get literacy which is their right.\"Saldanha added that it was unfortunate that in some primary schools, a single teacher has to teach all subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593205", "title": "HC restrains satellite release of \u2018Jannat-2\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bombay high court bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Tuesday restrained a satellite release of the Bollywood film Jannat-2 till further orders. The Film Writers' Association had recently, based on an HC order, heard a claim by Kapil Chopra, a young independent writer, that it was his original script for Zero which he had registered in 2007 and that the makers of Jannat-2, had copied it. The association held that there were \"striking similarities between the Emraan Hashmi-starrer Jannat-2 and the film scripted by Chopra... and producers should pay him Rs 9.6 lakh as fair compensation,'' Chopra's lawyer Rashmin Khandekar told the HC. He said the association's order clearly shows it was a case copyright infringement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15591992", "title": "Skilled staff still a problem", "text": "JAIPUR: The issue of availability of skilled manpower for operation and maintenance (O&M;) during phase-I of Jaipur Metro has again resurfaced. The issue was raised in Lucknow in a meeting with the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO).One of the points in the report indicates that the O&M; could be a major bottleneck in the smooth run of Jaipur Metro. Viewing the technical glitches the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has already proposed to handover the operations to them for a year. The suggestion was proposed to iron out any glitches that may occur during the operations in initial months.\"Since our work will continue even after June 2013, we have asked to allow us to oversee operations and maintenance the first year. The Rajasthan government and Jaipur Metro Railway Corporation (JMRC) will take a final call on this\" said Lalit Meghnani, project director.The officials also feel that if O&M; is handed to DMRC then possibility of friction between the two organizations post-metro will be reduced. \"Jaipur Metro has not taken any stand on it but it is true that if something goes wrong a lot of blame game will happen. If DMRC takes care of it, our officials will get time to adapt to the system,\" said the JMRC official.However, JMRC and state government is in a mood to take the project in its own hands after completion. Earlier talking to TOI the JMRC chief managing director N C Goyal said, \"We are confident of handling operation and maintenance from day one. As some day we have to take the responsibility, it's better to take it from the start.\" He added, \"The option of DMRC assistance and expertise is always available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591685", "title": "Scale up doctoral research, says Kakodkar", "text": "BANGALORE: The number of PhDs being produced in India in engineering and technology is far less compared to those in countries like China or the US. Moreover, there hasn't been a scaling up in doctoral research.These were some key observations by Prof Anil Kakodkar in his lecture on 'Translating Scientific Research for National Development' during the 28{+t}{+h} Brahm Prakash Memorial Lecture at the Indian Institute of Science on Tuesday. He's the Department of Atomic Energy Homi Bhabha Chair professor at the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre in Mumbai.\"The faculty strength should be scaled up to support research programmes without diluting the quality. Moreover, more number of PhD students should be accommodated in the programme,\" he said.Talking about domains like education, research, technology and commercial deployment, Kakodkar said these need to seen as a continuum and not silos. \"Our university campuses need considerable transformation. The infrastructure should cover innovative ecosystem with relation to society and industry. The faculty should orient their teaching and research to address some of the major challenges before the society,\" he added.Kakodkar also added that rural development deserves our keen attention to ensure overall growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592582", "title": "ASI\u2019s son dupes girl, arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Vanasthalipuram police have arrested the son of an assistant sub-inspector who duped a 19-year-old girl by promising to secure her employment and then started blackmailing her with photographs taken in compromising positions. Police arrested 21-year-old M Prashant Naik. Prashant is the son of Madugula ASI Manikya Naik and he has been staying at a men's hostel in Vanasthalipuram since past one year. According to police, Prashant has a habit of making phone calls to unknown numbers.Through this habit, a few months ago Prashant came in contact with a 19-year-old girl staying in Vanasthalipuram phase IV. Prashant informed the girl that he works at the RGI airport and by promising to secure her a job there, he became close to her. On the pretext of discussing about the job, Prashant called the victim to his friend's house in Dilsukhnagar on July 28 and gave her a soft drink laced with sedatives. He then clicked her photographs in an objectionable manner.After this incident, the girl went to her native place, Suryapet, but Prashant kept blackmailing her to meet him. \"He was threatening to post her photographs on the internet if she fails to agree to his demands,\" Vanasthalipuram inspector B Ravinder Reddy said. On Monday, the victim along with her parents approached the Vanasthalipuram police and Prashant Naik was arrested on Tuesday from his hostel. Police have booked a case against him under section 354 (Assault or use of criminal force to a woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC and seized his cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595241", "title": "Gopal Kumar Goyal's 'Kanda' mystery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: School dropout former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda -- whose meteoric rise through odd jobs such as selling graphic novels, repairing TVs, and even a shoe shop -- had acquired his surname through business dealing in iron weights known as \"kanda\" in north India.Kanda's ancestors were traders, who weighed vegetables at a wholesale market in Sirsa. The trade gave the family the surname 'Kanda', which in local language refers to the iron weights used by traders.However, Kanda avoided using his last surname in his all three passports except for political benefits, say his close aides at the family-run Tara Baba temple adjoining Kanda's palatial house in Sirsa\"The family, for long, manufactured their own kandas. But he was never keen on using this surname except for political gains in the impoverished community where he was popular with this surname. He wanted to be known as poor man's man in the local markets\" says a regular member at the temple.TOI on, August 17, had accessed the details of his three passports - including two which had expired before 2010 - exposing how he had avoided using both Sirsa residence address and his surname.Companies running under MDLR group including real estate, airline, hotels , all owned by him, have a sign off Gopal Kumar Goyal, without his popular surname, raising suspicion on his ways of transacting business.\"But, he was careful to mention his surname Kanda in the trusts and temples where he knew he could gain exposure in the public\" says a close aid.Kanda, a strong devotee of Tara Baba, a local godman in Sirsa had built several trusts such as Baba Tara Ji Charitable Trust, Shri Baba Tara Ji Charitable Hospital &amp; Research Centre Trust , Murli Dhar Kanda Memorial Charitable TrustHe had specifically instructed the temple and trust management to erect his posters and billboards announcing Kanda.\"Every year, he organises religious functions there every year which attracts local charity to the trust. But people would of course donate because of their popularity in the local vegetable market\" says a trust member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591923", "title": "Police department to remain short-staffed", "text": "BANGALORE: The increasing instances of murders and panic in the ranks of northeastern people working in the city are a manifestation of the staff crisis in the police department.Though police officers are not ready to concede that crime rate in the city is on the rise, murders are happening every day and chain-snatching incidents reported with metronomic regularity. Shortage of police personnel has been put at 12% even as Bangalore itself has seen a whopping 42% population growth in the last decade.A senior police officer in charge of recruitment said annual intake in the state police force stands at about 2,000. With only a few hundreds joining city police, the existing vacancies go unfilled. But the officer hastened to add that staff shortage doesn't mean that recruitments can be increased to address the problem.\"There are two reasons. First, a department like police is demanding. We need to select people who are eligible; anyone and everyone cannot be included in the force. Secondly, and most importantly, we just don't have enough facilities to train more people that what we are doing right now,\" he added.There are eight main institutions in Karnataka dedicated to training of constabulary and other officers of non-IPS ranks. Each of these institutions can accommodate anywhere between 100 and 250 trainees. This implies that there is little hope of resolving the staff crisis in police ranks soon. Although many projects were envisaged to address the problem of training, no scheme has been able to augment the existing capacity.Police officers, meanwhile, admit that it is impossible to manage a city of Bangalore's size with 13,000-strong force. \"If there's a major political event, a good amount of our policemen are deployed for bandobast duty. It takes away a large number of cops available for usual night rounds and other crime-prevention measures,\" said T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police, (law and order).Crisis acute in lower ranksStaff crisis worsens as one goes down the ranks. A police inspector said those in police stations tend to overwork regularly. \"In case of any major crime, investigation teams will be busy with it, and law and order police will be told to secure vulnerable areas. Apart from this, our men have to attend to every case that citizens come up with. On top of it, there are night rounds which cannot be compromised. Although we are supposed to work for eight hours on paper, we end up toiling for many more,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594622", "title": "MPCA poll panel likely to be finalized by Aug 24", "text": "INDORE: MPCA panel for its forthcoming elections is likely to be decided by August 24.MPCA secretary Narendra Menon said that union minister of state for commerce and industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia, will arrive in the city on August 23. \"As such, the panel is likely to be finalized before the week-end,\" he said.A total of 238 members are expected to exercise their franchise on August 26 to elect 17 members for the MPCA body. Minister for industry and information technology, Kailash Vijayvargiya, may contest the prestigious poll on the day, insiders said.Holkar Science College is the institutional member of MPCA. Its principal, R K Tugnawat said that he will be using a proxy vote. \"I will not be able to cast vote for the MPCA elections as I will be busy in conducting two exams of Commercial Education Board and IGNOU on the same day.Meanwhile, the MPCA top brass called on IGP Anuradha Shankar, seeking a proper security on the day of the poll. Talking to ToI, Shankar said, \"I've assured them of providing the security as per requirement on the day.\"Sunil Bajaj, secretary of Yeshwant Club and institutional member of MPCA, has not received any reply to his letter written to the registrar, firms and societies over the voting rights on behalf of the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593216", "title": "11 migrant workers at construction site in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation test positive for malaria", "text": "PUNE: Eleven migrant workers at a construction site in Pimple Saudagar recently tested positive for malaria bringing to fore the need for conducting intensive screening of workers and initiating measures to prevent the spread of the mosquito-borne infection at such sites.The spate of incidents came to light when the 11 workers complained of fever with chills and were admitted to a civic hospital a week ago. On August 13, their blood tests revealed that they were all suffering from malaria. The civic health officials initiated intense surveillance activities in the surrounding area soon after.\"This is the first such outbreak in Pimpri-Chinchwad where a large number of people living in a cluster have contracted the infection and tested positive for malaria,\" said Milind Jawale, medical officer of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).\"Between August 13 and 21, we tested 92 blood samples of people living nearby to rule out the presence of malarial parasites among them. Barring the 11 people, no one tested positive for malaria there,\" Jawale said.The malaria menace could be checked if the authorities focus on controlling the outbreak of the disease at construction sites, rather than just its treatment, say experts.\"We do screen workers at construction sites on a regular basis. Besides, we have given directives to builders on how they should ward off malarial infection by initiating certain precautionary measures. They have been asked to spray anti-malaria powder at sites with stagnant water, close the lids on water containers and use anti-malarial oil in waste water to prevent mosquito breeding,\" Jawale said.Asked whether builders follow the precautionary measures, he said, \"They do follow the precautionary measures. Also, our field workers who visit construction sites keep taking stock of the situation and suggest measures, wherever needed. Most builders initiate pest control measures and even hire private doctors' services to periodically examine the workers and their families.\"\"In the case of this outbreak, one of the migrant workers had gone to his native place in Chhattisgarh. He returned with fever and chills on August 12. Soon after, the others living at the construction site also started complaining of fever with chills. The builder himself took all the 13 people who had taken ill to a civic hospital for treatment. Eleven tested positive for malaria from among them,\" Jawale addedUnclean conditions at construction sites can cause outbreak of malaria. With the weather being conducive to mosquito breeding, the civic health officials have intensified their surveillance activities to check transmission of the malarial parasite. Between June and August (till date), the PCMC has reported 76 cases of malaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594260", "title": "Kochi shops selling fakes of branded apparels", "text": "KOCHI: If you are brand-conscious, then shopping for apparel this festive season may turn out to be a nightmare. You might even end up buying a fake shirt or trouser by paying the price of the branded ones. Police officials have found that a large number of fake branded apparel have flooded the textile shops with the knowledge of the shop owners, who see it as a shortcut to make a quick buck.According Muvattupuzha DySP M N Ramesh, cops recently raided many textile shops in rural areas of the district and seized fake shirts and trousers of leading international brands. \"Shop owners are cheating the buyers by pushing the fake ones for the same price as the original ones. Many of the fake clothing are being sold for Rs 2,000-Rs 3,000,\" the DySP said.He said most people may not be able to distinguish between the fake and the original. \"Only the company personnel can identify the fakes. We conducted raids after a few leading brands complained that certain textile showrooms have been selling fakes ones with their brand tag. We seized fake branded clothes worth Rs 1 lakh,\" Ramesh said.From the city, the cops through raids have so far seized fake branded clothes worth Rs 5 lakh. \"We conduct raids only based on specific complaints mainly from the officials of major brands. In all incidents, police have registered cases against the textile shop owners,\" said city central police station sub inspector A Ananthalal.Meanwhile, the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) has given guarded response to the police findings. \"Our members don't indulge in such practices. Cops must first trace the people who are involved in manufacturing fake apparel. We will cooperate with cops in this drive,\" said K N Marzook, chairman, KCCI.A recent study by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ( Assocham ) had noted that the current market size of fake product sales of major brands is nearly Rs 45,000 crore, with goods such clothings, shoes, jewellery, and watches topping the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593506", "title": "e-library on law inaugurated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An electronic law library named after justice V B Raju was inaugurated at the metropolitan court in the city.The Late Justice Shree V B Raju e-library was inaugurated by Justice Anant Dave, Gujarat high court judge, and principal session judge S H Vora.The e-library has four computers and two printers and the access would be totally free. The library, according to S V Raju - senior lawyer and son of Late Justice Shree V B Raju - will have the latest judgments of the high court and the Supreme Court. The library will also have the central and state laws.\"A person coming for research would have to pay for the printouts only,\" said Raju.Ahmedabad rural district and session judge J N Patel was also present on the occasion. Inaugurating the library, Justice Dave asked bar members and advocates to use the e-library facility optimally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15591663", "title": "India vs New Zealand: Spinners to rule in first Test", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 22-yard strip in the middle of the RJIC Stadium continues to hog the limelight. Speculation on the nature of the wicket have been varied, making everyone eager to see how the pitch will behave in the first Test between India and New Zealand which starts on Thursday.Curator Chandrasekhar was non-committal about its nature. \"It will be a balanced wicket. We are using the same wicket on which India played England in an ODI last year,\" he said on Tuesday.Since the Indian team started their practice on Sunday, skipper MS Dhoni has been taking a close look at the wicket. On the first day he went straight to the wicket and spent a considerable time before having a long chat with the curator. He did that on Tuesday too.The last time the two sides met here in November 2010, the Test match produced 1338 runs with three centuries including a double hundred from Brendon McCullum. The drawn affair prompted star Indian offie Harbhajan Singh to say, \"The curator should be given a contract for building national highways.\"While no one knows what the Indian skipper's assessment is following his three pitch inspections, HCA secretary MV Sridhar felt that the wicket looks like a good one. \"We have chosen this particular wicket as it seems to have a bit more bounce in it,\" he said. \"It may not turn too much but the bounce should be a delight for the spinners. I think the close-in fielders will have a lot of work to do as the spinners will be able to make the ball jump,\" he added.SL Venkatapathi Raju, vice-president of the HCA, too was seen spending a lot of time at the ground during the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15593931", "title": "Hubli doctor killed in car accident", "text": "HUBLI: A 63-year-old doctor from Hubli was killed when his car collided with a truck in Kalaghatagi of Dharwad district on Monday night.Speaking to TOI, Kalaghatagi police inspector Mahantesh Jiddi said that the deceased has been identified as Karaveerayya Nanjannavar. Three other persons who were travelling with him in the car escaped with minor injuries and have been admitted to Hubli hospital.The accident took place when the doctor's car which was on its way to Hubli from Murudeshwar collided with a truck which was headed to Mangalore from Kolhapur on NH 63 near Bharath Daba of Kalaghatagi, he added.Police are searching for the truck driver, who is absconding. A case has been registered with Kalaghatagi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15598759", "title": "Videocon eyes 3m subscribers in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cellular operator Videocon today said it is targeting to double mobile subscribers' base to three million in one year in Punjab.\"We are targeting to double our subscribers in Punjab to 3 million in next one year,\" Videocon Mobile Services, chief marketing and customer services officer, Sanjeev Garg told reporters here today.Videocon, which rolled out its mobile services two years back in Punjab, at present, has a subscriber base of 1.5 million.Finding Punjab as the most potential market in the country, Videocon plans to deepen its market by targeting youth segment in the age group of 15-35 years which constitutes 40 per cent of state's population, Garg said.\"Our focus to achieve doubling our customers will be on younger generation only as they are receptive to change and their consumption level of new services is also quite high,\" he said.Videocon today rolled out new value-for-money pack designed to cater to the needs of diverse young population in Punjab whereby young customers can enjoy free internet, low cost SMS and low call rates, he added.The Youth Pack comes at a price of Rs 107 with a call rate of 2 paise a minute to local Videocon numbers and 1GB free internet usage for three months.\"Youth pack offers all benefits with one recharge and saves the hassles of getting multiple recharge with saving up to 60 per cent in total value,\" he said.Videocon, which has already invested Rs 400 crore so far in Punjab, has also planned to spend Rs 400 crore this fiscal to expand its coverage across the state.\"We are currently covering about 4,500 villages in Punjab and we have plans to expand our network across the state by setting up more base stations in non-covered villages,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595324", "title": "Killer mosquito changes breeding grounds", "text": "KOLKATA: Preventing dengue attacks is becoming increasingly difficult, thanks to the Aedes Aegypti mosquito's ability to adapt to circumstances. A recent study by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation's (KMC) entomology department has revealed that the deadly mosquito \u2014 associated with both dengue and yellow fever \u2014 has changed its life-cycle in a major way, leading to severe concern among experts trying to combat the disease. While some believe this has happened due to mutation in the insects' genes, experts like Amiya Kumar Hati, former director of the School of Tropical Medicine in Kolkata, say that it has simply changed its behaviour to match the environment.\"Till recently, we knew that the Aedes Aegypti bred in stagnant water tanks inside bathrooms, under refrigerators (where water collects after decompression) or in small pots in the house where sunlight doesn't reach. But the recent study has revealed that this variety of mosquito is now breeding in open spaces along with the malaria-causing Anopheles. This may have happened due to rapid urbanization and changes in the environment,\" said Debasis Biswas, chief entomologist, KMC.It seems that the Aedes Aegypti has turned 'photophilic' from 'photophobic', making it harder to trace. A photophobic organism prefers darkness while a photophilic one needs light. As a result, the dengue-causing mosquito is now breeding in water accumulated in old tyres, open water tanks and rooftops. These are the places where people never searched for its larvae till now.In the 1930s, when malaria was endemic in Kolkata, the city was much greener and the concentration of Aedes Aegypti was much lesser compared to what it is today. The Aedes Albopictus variety \u2014 which breeds in trees \u2014 was much more common. The dengue vector started to increase in numbers as urbanization spread. Today, this variety is also breeding in water that accumulates on the streets after the rains, which used to be the domain for the Anopheles earlier.\"All this while, the KMC was trying to spread awareness among residents not to store water in their homes. Now, it seems that this was of little help. The Aedes Aegypti clearly got more aggressive and this led to mutation of its genes. The Anopheles is less harmful as it is a 'nervous' feeder. It continues to consume blood from a single person till its stomach is full. Normally, it doesn't bite more than a single person during one feeding. The Aedes Aegypti targets many people and consumes a small portion of blood from each,\" Biswas explained.As a result, the number of cases of malaria has shown a clear decline while those of dengue have actually gone up. Between January and July, 2011, there were 726 cases of falciparum malaria in the KMC area. In 2012, in the same period, this figure dropped to 105. On the contrary, the number of dengue cases has risen from 60 in 2011 to 480 in 2012. Of the 480 cases, 180 people have been detected with the deadly haemorrhagic variety.\"A few days ago, we found Aedes Aegypti larvae in a bamboo pole used as a fence outside a school in Rajabazar. Earlier, we couldn't have imagined that this mosquito could have bred in only half a cm of water. We are certainly concerned,\" another expert said.While MMiC (health) Atin Ghosh pointed out that malaria and dengue cases are on the rise worldwide, Hati said that even the Aedes Albopictus has made a comeback and is responsible for the rise in the number of cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15593003", "title": "Railways starts two trains to clear festive rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear extra rush of passengers during the festival season, Railways has planned to run several festival special trains.Railways will run a daily special train between Delhi and Patna (04022/04023). The said train will pass through Lucknow, Sultanpur and Varanasi stations. The train will start its run from October 15/16 till November 28/29 for 45 trips. The puja special train will consist of 14 sleeper class coaches. The tri-weekly special trains (number 12393/02394) between Patna and Anand Vihar terminal have started movement with immediate effect for 44 trips till November 29/30. The train will pass through Allahabad and Kanpur central.The train number 02393 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal tri-weekly special will run from Patna every Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 pm. to reach Anand Vihar Terminal at 12.00 noon the next day. In the return direction, train number 02394 will run from Anand Vihar Terminal on every Tuesday, Friday and Sunday at 06.35 p.m. to reach Patna at 09.50 a.m. the next day.The train comprises one first-AC, one AC-2 tier, five AC-3 tier and twelve sleeper class coaches. The train will stop at Danapur, Ara, Buxar, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur Central stations enroute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593056", "title": "Centre mulls states\u2019 plea for NCR growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre will consider inclusion of Mahendragarh, Bhiwani, Mathura and Bharatpur in the National Capital Region (NCR) following demands put forth by Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Rajasthan governments to the NCR Planning Board.In a written reply to Lok Sabha on Tuesday, minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy stated that these demands will be examined by a study group constituted for review and revision of regional plan-2021 for NCR. \"The matter will be considered by the Board after the examination by the study group,\" the minister replied.Three MPs had asked the UD ministry whether there are any laid down norms for extension of the NCR. Roy explained that while there is no such norm, the study group on policy zone, demographic profile and settlement pattern constituted by NCRPB had recommended not to extend the region at least upto 2021. The group had reasoned that the existing NCR \"has not developed as envisaged and any extension will amount to spreading of scarce financial resources thinly.\"However, after fresh requests came from three constituent states of NCR, the Board has asked them to submit their views and comments. Roy mentioned that the study group had recommended NCR boundary should coincide with the district boundary of Alwar. NCRPB officials said this recommendation was accepted by the Board and entire 7,829 sq km of Alwar was included in the region. Earlier only 4,493 km of Alwar was part of NCR.States have been lobbying for inclusion of more areas in the NCR since they can get additional funds from the Board for development activities. The Board also provides soft loan for infrastructure development in districts falling under NCR. At present, the Haryana sub-region consists of nine districts while the Uttar Pradesh sub-region has five districts. The Rajasthan sub-region only comprises Alwar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15592065", "title": "Saina Nehwal lucky to have Gopichand as coach: Nandu Natekar", "text": "LATUR: \"Saina has proved that if a player works hard and keeps focus nothing is impossible. Her medal is the best thing to happen to Indian badminton,'' feels Nandu Natekar, a former national champion and great of Indian badminton in the 50s and 60s.Natekar was in Latur to inaugurate the Maharashtra State Senior championships and like a true-blue sportsperson, sat down courtside to watch the action. Saina's medal, of course, gladdened his heart.\"It is not easy to challenge the top Chinese players. She has been fighting with all power to break their stranglehold. It is like climbing Himalaya. You have to surpass numerous hurdles to reach the top. Many would have given up but not Saina,\" he felt.Natekar is impressed by Saina's tenacity. The Pune-based legend has given the entire credit to her coach P Gopichand. The former Arjuna Award winner believes the chemistry between Saina and Gopichand has been working wonders.\"Gopi and Saina are lucky to find one another. In the fierce competition to get success, both coach and player have complimented each other. Both should be ready to make sacrifices and work at the common goal. A slightest of weak link on the part of anyone is not going to give you desired results. They dreamt of an Olympic medal and they achieved it because both can understand each other.\"He appealed to all the coaches to follow the example of Gopi. \"We need dedicated coaches like Gopi to produce more Sainas in India. A coach should be able to find out the best players among the group and concentrate on them. \"There is no point wasting the energy on the players who do not have the will to work hard,\" said Natekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595293", "title": "Thiara qualifies for 2013 World Championship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vasundhara Thiara, 9, from Chandigarh, by virtue of being in the top 20 has received a green status which qualifies her to play a number of tournaments, including the European Championship and 2013 World Championship.Vasundhara has recently returned after playing in the US Kids World Championship 2012 held at Long Leaf Golf &amp; Country Resort in Pinehurst North Carolina, USA from August 1 to 4. Top golfers from 50 countries took part in the championship as she competed with the best 80 golfers in the world in her category.She shot a total of 121. At 13 over par over the three days she played +3, +4 and +6, respectively. Till day-2 Vasundhara was playing for the top 10 but her game dropped on the last day due to poor health. Tied at 18th, the difference between her and the girls ahead of her is only that of a few strokes.Vasundhara and Rumina Villanueva, last year's world no.1, have the same scores. Rumina Villanueva had defeated Mimi Chen this year's world no.1. So, there is very little to choose from between the girls in the top 20 rankings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592562", "title": "Top Assam officials in Hyderabad to review situation", "text": "HYDERABAD: To instill confidence among people hailing from the northeast states, top Assam bureaucrats and police officers visited the city on Tuesday. Assam principal secretary (Youth Welfare &amp; Hill Areas), V S Bhaskar and DIG Vijay Kumar Ramisetty held a meeting with Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, North East Forum secretary Paothang Haokip, Assam Association president S K Modi and others at the commissionerate in Gachibowli and discussed various issues related to the exodus of the northeast people from the city.After the meeting, it was decided to form sector-wise confidence building committees. Police would facilitate the formation of committees, comprising members of Assam association, local community leaders and public representatives soon. It was also decided to issue an appeal to persons who left the city to return and resume their jobs or studies without any fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593313", "title": "State yet to set up electronic waste disposal mechanism", "text": "RANCHI: E-waste disposal still seems to be a big challenge for the Jharkhand government. The Centre had mandated e-waste management and handing norms under Environment Protection Act 1986- in 2011 which was implemented throughout the country in May.A meeting was called by the central government in May at Delhi to discuss the implementation of the rule in which representatives of pollution board of every state, registered e-waste recyclers and dismantlers and electronic goods producers participated.Board analyst of Jharkhand state pollution board, RN Kashyap said, \"At present there is no proper system for e-waste disposal in the state. There are only 23 registered recyclers and dismantlers in the country. In the meeting held in May we were asked to write letters to these recyclers to open a branch in our state. We have written a letter in this regard but did not get a reply from them yet.\"In the e-waste management rule it is also mentioned that the collection centres should be set up at electronic goods factories and stores. Kashyap said, \"We will be writing letters to the companies to make a collection centre. We will be focusing more on take-back scheme in which people will return the e-waste to the electronic stores in return of some cash.\"Adding further he said, \"We will be issuing public notice in another week to the electronic goods producers to start collection centres at their factories. We are also planning to start awareness camps for the producers.\"At present, neither the pollution board nor the Ranchi Municipal Corporation has an idea about where the e-waste is being disposed or how to go about it. Kashyap said, \"We have no clue about e-waste disposal as of now.\"On the other hand, RMC health officer Dr. Rajan singh said, \"A waste management plant is being constructed to solve the issue. At present there is no separate e-waste disposal system and it is usually dumped with general garbage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594624", "title": "BJP to organize traders\u2019 rally to protest FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports that the government is mulling notifying FDI in retail , opposition BJP on Tuesday said that it will organize a protest demonstration by traders from across the country here on Thursday to oppose the move.National convener of the party's traders cell Shyam Bihari Mishra told reporters that the day-long protest will be held at Jantar Mantar and around 10,000 traders from different parts of the country are expected to attend.\"Traders from the whole country are living in fear of FDI in retail. The Centre is making new laws under foreign pressure, especially of the US. An example of this is the Food Security Bill and the Goods and Services Tax ,\" Mishra said.After the protest demonstration, the traders and BJP leaders will march towards Parliament and lay siege to the complex.The entire BJP top rung including party chief Nitin Gadkari , L K Advani, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh, Murli Manohar Joshi, Kiran Maheshwari and Vijay Goel, among others, will participate in the protest.Traders from Assam, West Bengal, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Bihar and several others states are expected to attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592428", "title": "Congress MLA's election set aside", "text": "HYDERABAD: In another setback to the ruling Congress, the AP high court on Tuesday set aside the election of Janardhan Thatraju, party MLA from Kurupam in Vizianagaram district, on the grounds that he does not belong to the Scheduled Tribes (ST) community for which the assembly constituency is reserved. Janardhan, who is the nephew of environment minister Satrucharla Vijayarama Raju, won the Kurupam seat in 2009 defeating his nearest rival Nimmakka Jayaraj, who contested the election on behalf of the earstwhile PRP in 2009.Disposing of a petition filed by Jayaraj three years ago, Justice Grandhi Bhavani Prasad said the election of Janardhan was invalid as he did not belong to the tribal community. After delivering the verdict, the court gave four weeks time to Janardhan to challenge the verdict in the Supreme Court. Janardhan won the seat by 14,000 votes against Jayaraj, who has since joined the TDP. It all began after alocal tribal organisation, Adivasi Vikas Parishad, protested against the candidature of Janardhan alleging that he was not a tribal. Jayaraj filed the petition in the high court contending that Janardhan did not belong to the ST community and that he had documents to substantiate his arguments.The petitioner stated that Thatraju is a Kshatriya and not a tribal as he claimed. The former ZPTC Thatraju's father Satya Prasad Thatraju's high school certificates had clearly mentioned that he was enrolled as a Kshatriya and not as an ST, Jayaraj said in his petition. This was attested by then principal of institution P N Raju in the court that Satyaprasad Thatraju who completed his tenth class in early 60s was a Kshatriya. The pre-independence records available in the Parvathipuram sub-registrar office have also proved that his grandfather and forefathers belonged to the Kshatriya community. Though JanardhanaThatraju contended that he is an ST belonging to Konda Raju community, Jayaraj said Konda Raju community was not included in the 33 sub-castes listed in the ST category. A former TDP MLA, Jayaraj contested on the PRP ticket when the TDP allotted the seat to its ally CPM. The tribal employees' association representative and advocate Regu Mahesh told TOI that they would file a caveat in the SC to see that Janardhan does not get a stay against the judgment.Reacting to the court's order, Janardhan said that he would move a petition in the apex court after consulting with legal experts. Interestingly, Janardhan was contemplating to join the YSR Congress Party some time back. After the arrest of party president Jaganmohan Reddy in the illegal assets case, Janardhan met met Jagan's motherVijayamma and expressed solidarity with her. However, he did not join the party.It may be recalled Vijayarama Raju himself lost the fight over his ST status following the SC judgment in 2005 following a petition filed by Jayaraj. He contested from Patapatnam in Srikakulam in 2009 and won the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594756", "title": "Geetika suicide case: NCW chief slams police inaction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Commission for Women's (NCW) chief slammed the police for its inability to track down former Haryana minister Gopal Goyel Kanda, accused of abetting Geetika Sharma's suicide. Geetika's mother and brother Ankit Sharma met the NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma on Tuesday.\"The police were inactive. Otherwise, I don't think Gopal Kanda would have remained untraced. They did not search for him properly as he was hiding in a house behind Ashok Vihar police station,\" NCW chairperson said.Geetika had named Kanda in her suicide note. Her family members told NCW that she was exploited by her former employers. They had asked for her autopsy report, but are yet to get it. \"They wanted to know how Geetika's post-mortem report was leaked to the media,\" said NCW chairperson, adding, \"We, too, had asked for the post-mortem report, but have not received it yet.\"After Geetika's suicide, the NCW chairperson had visited their house. \"They had then sought legal aid. So, we have given them a lawyer,\" she said.The NCW submitted its preliminary report on the Geetika case to the ministry of women and child development on August 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594128", "title": "Lawyer files PIL against Padwal as state information commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: A Ribandar-based advocate, Aires Rodrigues, has filed a petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging the appointment of Pradeep Padwal as the state information commissioner (SIC).Rodrigues has stated in his petititon that Padwal had retired as deputy director of health services and that he did not have any knowledge and experience of law. The SIC, who has to necessarily discharge judicial and quasi judicial functions, was required to have a judicial approach with vast knowledge and experience of law, the petitioner stated.Rodrigues has further pointed out that a vigilance case was pending against Padwal for pursuing a full time course of post graduate diploma in occupational health, while on active duty as medical inspector of factories. Padwal had done so without obtaining the required government permission and without any study leave, he has alleged. The petition also states that the Supreme Court had by an interim order on July 19 restrained any further appointment of information commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15591336", "title": "No end to Sachin Tendulkar's learning curve", "text": "HYDERABAD: Watching the Indian team nets two days before the start of the first Test against New Zealand, it's apparent why Sachin Tendulkar has weathered 23 long years of pressure and still continues to deliver for his team: His focus and dedication is second to none.While some other legends of the game \u2014 and his contemporaries \u2014 have come and gone, the Little Master seems to have the energy and drive to carry on even at the age of 39.One of the reasons Sachin has continued to succeed while most others have faded away is his eagerness to keep learning. Despite having scored 100 international centuries and amassing 15,470 Test and 18,426 ODI runs, he continues to be one of the finest pupils of the game.On Tuesday, Tendulkar chose to continue his education under the watchful eyes of coach Duncan Fletcher.Sachin took to the nets with rookie Cheteshwar Pujara after openers Gautam Gambhir and Virender Sehwag had had a 30-minute hit. Sachin faced up to the likes of Ishant Sharma and Zaheer Khan and looked quite comfortable in the middle.There were, however, a few misses and false strokes, which didn't evade Fletcher's hawk eye. As soon as it was Pujara's turn to bat, Sachin walked over to Fletcher and the duo were involved in an animated talk, with Fletcher seeming to point out some flaws. The 'little student' then got back to the nets when his turn came again and tried to iron out the flaws all over again.After every couple of minutes, he would return to Fletcher and chat some more. The whole process went on for a little over half an hour. There were times when Pujara would indicate that it was time for Sachin to come over and bat, but the Mumbaikar was so engrossed in his talk with Fletcher that every time he would tell Pujara to continue knocking.After finishing his batting session, Sachin he didn't remove his pads. While most others gleefully returned to the comfort of the dressing room, he was out in the middle, talking again to Fletcher and often finetuning his strokes.The other batsman who seemed very intent on his batting was southpaw Gambhir. After finishing his nets against the medium-pacers, he went to the spinners' net and spent a considerable amount of time.After that, he took the help of a support staff and tried to hone his technique against short-pitched deliveries.Ishant, who is coming off an injury layoff, continued to impress as he went full steam against the top-order batsmen. Zaheer Khan, who didn't bowl on Monday, was back in the thick of things. Umesh Yadav too was pretty lethal as he made life difficult for the batsmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594259", "title": "No trace of man who jumped from bridge", "text": "KOCHI: A joint operation by the police, the Navy and firemen to rescue a person who jumped off from the second Goshree Bridge on Tuesday at 5.30pm turned out to be futile.The personnel, who continued the search late into the night, failed to find any trace of the body of the person who has been identified as Atheesh (33) of Njarackal.The police had to later call off the search operations due to the poor light and slush. They will resume the search on Wednesday, the Mulavukadu police said. They have registered a man missing case.According to the police, Atheesh arrived on a bike at around 5.30pm and jumped into the backwaters after leaving the motorcycle on the bridge. A person who witnessed the incident raised an alarm and people present in the area conducted a search in vain. The police said Atheesh had written a suicide note to his friends and relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593650", "title": "Permanent affiliation to self-financed colleges to come up in Gujarat University syndicate meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) syndicate members owing affiliation to the BJP have decided to press for reconsideration of the decision to give permanent affiliation to those self-financed colleges that have completed five years. The decision was taken at the syndicate meeting last week.The BJP members will raise this issue in the next syndicate meeting scheduled for next month. A large number of such colleges are being run by syndicate members themselves.Sources said that the university has not bothered to inspect any of these colleges in the last five years with regards to their enrolment, faculty and infrastructure. According to rules, a committee is required to go and verify these aspects every year and submit a report to the university and the varsity is expected to ask these colleges to put things in order if there are any shortcomings brought to its notice.The BJP members are of the view that once they get permanent affiliation, the college managements will not bother for the university any longer. With the probability of a new vice-chancellor being appointed before the next meeting, they want to bring the reconsideration of the decision on the agenda.Most of these self-financed colleges lack in faculty and do not have an ideal teacher-student ratio. A greater number of student enrolments mean more income for the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591899", "title": "Find essential jigsaw puzzle of school", "text": "BANGALORE: Find out what pieces form the corner pieces of a school, which are the straight pieces and which are the essential curly and centre ones that complete the jigsaw of a successful institution. Here's an opportunity to examine the elements that energize, enrich and enliven schools.Times Foundation, in association with The Teacher Foundation, will conduct a two-day workshop -- Essential Pieces - The Jigsaw Puzzle of a Successful School. It has been conceptualized as fun training for senior educators who have taken up leadership positions in schools. It is a training module inspired by a booklet of the same name written by Prof Tim Brighouse.The workshop will be conducted as a competitive game, using the metaphor of a jigsaw puzzle. Participants will get to work with their peers on real-school situations. By the end of the workshop, they will be able to understand how the key elements of a school are interconnected to make the institution vibrant, participative and inclusive for all stakeholders.The event will be held on August 31 and September 1 at The Times of India office, S&B; Towers, 1st Floor, MG Road, Bangalore, from 9am to 4pm. For registration, contact: Rohini Gupta at 8095587430 / rohini@teacherfoundation.org or Shwetha Harshwal at 9886636507 / shwetha.harshwal@timesgroup.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15594560", "title": "Suspect used women to influence witnesses", "text": "KANNUR: The investigators probing the role of a gang of terror suspects who allegedly looted people to raise funds to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment case have claimed that Abdul Halim, the main suspect, used women to influence witnesses in this case.Halim, a suspected LeT operative, was arrested from Perumbavoor on August 6 along with two others. The three were there allegedly on a mission to kill someone. He is an accused in 12 cases, including that of looting and murder. After several interrogations, on August 17 he was handed over to Kannur police for five days, as per a court order, as he is the prime accused in some looting cases in and around the city.\"From the account of some of the witnesses, as well as from the statements of the accused, we have come to the conclusion that Halim used two women to influence witnesses. He also used mobile phones of young boys he lured into his network in the guise of giving them religious lessons, to contact others in the network,\" Kannur DySP P Sukumaran said. Halim used more than 100 mobile phones in this manner.Halim had two motives behind using the phones of others. First, it would be difficult to trace the details of the calls he made; second, he could keep these boys under his thumbs, threatening them that he would disclose this matter to police.\"We have got complaints on this from many parents in Kannur. These people have now formed a collective against extremist activities,\" the DySP said. Many of the boys are now afraid of being implicated in criminal cases as Halim had used their mobile phones, the police officer added.According to police, Halim and his gang looted nearly Rs 40 lakh from Kannur city, suburbs and Valappattanam. He kept a lion's share of the loot with himself and invested it in different businesses including real estate. Reportedly, he also has partnership in a fishing boat in Ayikkara.Halim is said to have given some money to Mani (Yusuf), who is a witness in many terror cases. But police have no clue about the whereabouts of Mani.Police said they had information that a Gulf-based businessman from Kannur was giving Halim funds, and they have begun investigating this aspect.After three of his accomplices -- U K Shaharas, Kottakunnil Muneer and Katta Rauf - were arrested a few months ago from Kannur, Halim is believed to have formed another gang. Police are also investigating this, as well as his foreign connections because he's believed to have stayed in Nepal some time ago.Halim, a close associate of Thadiyantavide Nazeer, is believed to have participated in many terrorist operations, including the Kalamassery bus burning case of 2005.On Tuesday, Halim was presented before the judicial first class magistrate court in Kannur, which remanded him in 14 days judicial custody. He was then taken to Ernakulam from where he was brought here five days ago for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593153", "title": "General body seeks report on constructions in Bavdhan", "text": "PUNE: The general body on Tuesday asked the civic administration to table a report on the ongoing constructions in Bavdhan's restricted area which connects the locality to defence establishments.Local corporator Bandu Kemse raised the issue in the meeting. \"Construction should not be allowed in these demarcated areas. However, the PMC officials have given permission to a select few and have denied it to others. The PMC has not tabled these facts before the city improvement committee and the GB,\" said Kemse.All parties supported Kemse and said the civic administration should not demarcate areas without the knowledge of the GB and bring the entire matter before them. Congress leader Arvind Shinde and Kemse demanded that the PMC should issue a notice to ongoing constructions and ask the owners to report to the PMC.Meanwhile, all corporators were of the opinion that the PMC should streamline the system to provide houses to project-affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592966", "title": "Gopinath Munde denies but Cong hints at his joining party", "text": "MUMBAI: High-profile BJP leader Gopinath Munde has dismissed reports that he was joining the Congress, but a section of Congress leaders on Tuesday observed that sooner or later, he will join the party.\"All reports about me joining the Congress are false and baseless. I am very much in the BJP. Even if the CM's post is offered to me, I will not join the Congress and continue in the BJP,'' Munde said.Significantly, former CM Ashok Chavan said that if Munde quits the BJP, he was most welcome in the Congress. \"If he quits BJP, we will welcome him in our party. He is an important leader from Marathwada,'' Chavan told mediapersons in his hometown Nanded.Leader of Opposition Vinod Tawde said there was no substance in the reports about Munde joining Congress. He said he was sure that in the 2014 assembly polls, the saffron combine will topple the DF government and in that event, Munde will be the chief minister.Ever since the death of former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh, who also belonged to Marathwada, there were reports that either Munde himself will join the Congress or Congress leaders will knock on his doors. \"After Deshmukh's death, we have almost lost ground in Marathwada, since he had mass base there. We feel that only Munde can replace Deshmukh and lead the party in Marathwada,'' a senior Congress leader said.So far, the Congress leader said, the party was banking on Ashok Chavan. But in view of his alleged involvement in the multi-crore Adarsh scam, the Congress is looking for a new leader in Marathwada. A formal discussion on the possibility of Munde joining the Congress began in March last year, when he lodged a strong protest with senior BJP leaders over the appointment of Mumbai and Pune BJP presidents. Munde's contention was that ever since the appointment of Nitin Gadkari as party president, he was sidelined. Then the agitated Munde had called on Vilasrao Deshmukh and Prithviraj Chavan. \"Since then Munde has been in touch with senior Congress leaders. While Munde had admitted meeting Deshmukh and Chavan, he is denying that he was planning to join the Congress,'' he said.Even if Munde joins the Congress, the moot question is whether he will be inducted into the cabinet and whether he will be projected as the next CM. Senior Sena leaders, who joined the Congress in the recent past, feel they got a raw deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594195", "title": "Minister S A Ramdas wants judicial probe", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas said that some prominent landmarks in Mysore don't have land documents. He said on Tuesday: \"There are no khata certificates issued to the Lalitha Mahal Palace. We don't have documents related to the Karanji Lake though it's in our possession. I'll ask the CM to order a judicial probe into the violations.\"According to him, the probe will cover deputy commissioner P S Vastrad's controversial June 20 order which he withdrew on August 18. The minister deflected queries whether the DC was wrong in withdrawing his order after a meeting with deputy CM K S Eshwarappa. Vastrad defended the U-turn, saying he enjoys powers to withdraw the order.The minister said: \"We don't know the extent of land that belongs to the government, private persons and to Mysore maharaja Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar in Kurbarhalli survey No. 4, which is a prime property. Against norms, the officials have alienated the land and allowed land-use change though it forms the buffer zone of the Chamundi Hills.\"At a meeting with Eshwarappa on Wednesday, the CM will decide whether the judicial commission should be headed by a retired or serving judge of the Supreme Court or the high court. The minister said 163 persons are claiming the ownership of the land with documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15595136", "title": "Shaken Modi stirs Gujarat Housing Board", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress 'dream home' scheme has forced the Narendra Modi government to reactivate the defunct Gujarat Housing Board (GHB) which has not launched a single scheme for the urban poor in the last decade of Modi rule in Gujarat.The GHB board will meet on Wednesday to chalk out ways to counter the Congress campaign which attracted nearly 28 lakh women for the 'Ghar nu Ghar' scheme in a mad rush across some 560 special camps on Monday . GHB has been woken out of slumber by a worried Modi government which feels the Congress scheme will hurt its urban vote-banks and appeal to women.After the Congress announced the scheme on August 2 and distributed nearly one lakh forms to women on the Rakshabandhan day, the CM's office cracked the whip on GHB chairman Jayantilal Barot, a BJP leader who was once close to Modi but is being now kept at a distance. The GHB immediately floated tenders to rope in private consultants for high-rise housing schemes in Ahmedabad, Surat, Vadodara and Rajkot where it plans to announce construction of around 9,000 higher, middle , and lower-income houses.\"We have a GHB board meeting on Wednesday where we will discuss the project and decide on the date to launch it,\" said Barot. \"We had not launched any scheme as there was no visible demand for such houses and GHB had to recover large amount of arrears. But now we see a demand and will begin construction soon,\" said Barot.The fact that he has been able to see demand is only an indicator that the Congress campaign has been an eyeopener for BJP. That BJP was trying to underplay the phenomenal success of the Congress campaign was also evident in the naive statement of state urban development minister Nitin Patel that \"the new schemes of GHB have nothing to do with elections\" .\"GHB used to control housing prices in cities all over the state till 1998-99 . The BJP announced no schemes and this helped builders and harmed consumers . Housing went out of reach of weaker sections and these voters will teach BJP a lesson in coming assembly elections,\" said Ramesh Patel, former director of GHB and Congress leader.Sources said among new schemes, three will come up in Ahmedabad, two in Rajkot and one each in Surat and Vadodara .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15594077", "title": "Irate mob attack residence of Sarmera BDO", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Irate mob attacked the official residence of Sarmera BDO and damaged his vehicle parked outside. They also attacked the nearby hospital and damaged its ambulance and the vehicle of CDPO and also blocked movement of vehicular traffic on Sarmera -Mokama NH-82 for hours on Monday late evening. They were protesting the death of a man who was killed when the auto in which he was travelling overturned near Sarmera in Nalanda on Monday.Three persons including two women were injured in the incident. Two of them were referred to district hospital, Biharsharif, for treatment. Their condition is stated to be serious.The incident occurred when the villagers of Ishanagar and Shahri under Ghoswari PS were returning to their villages in an auto from a nearby market. One of the wheels of the auto got detached from it and the vehicle overturned near Choti Miya killing one Anandi Ram, 45, on the spot while Leela Devi, Rina Devi and Vijay Mahto received injuries.The agitated villagers put the body on the NH-82 near Sarmera block demanding compensation. Suddenly the crowd turned violent and reined stones on the residence of the BDO, Sanjay Kumar, and badly damaged the window panes of his house. The mob did not contend with it only. They went further and damaged the ambulance of the hospital and the vehicle of CDPO, which was parked outside the hospital.SDPO Sadar Shams Afroz pacified the agitating crowd after assuring them of appropriate action by the administration. The BDO said the miscreants will not be spared and suitable action would be taken against them. He said the police have initiated the process of identifying the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15594787", "title": "Kanpur second in accident deaths in the country", "text": "It's not a safe drive on the roads of Kanpur district. According to the National Record Crime Bureau (NCRB) data, Kanpur is ranked second in the country with 2,219 accidental deaths. Similarly, Lucknow is ranked 44th with 569 accidental deaths while Agra and Varanasi are placed at 17th and 24th with 912 and 612 deaths respectively. Allahabad is ranked 45th in the list of road accident deaths.UP had registered 30,153 road accident deaths in 2011, of whom the highest 2,820 victims were two-wheeler riders. Records show that 3,090 persons were killed when they were hit by truck or lorry.Similarly, 1,313 persons became victims of jeep accident, 1,340 were killed by bus, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers and 811 were bicycle victims.Figures reveal that 233 road accident deaths were reported in Allahabad district in 2011. Of those killed, 31% were pedestrians, 9% bicycle riders, 30% two-wheeler riders and 5% three/four-wheeler drivers. Under the category between 15-29 years, a total of 71 persons, including 51 men and 20 women, lost their lives in road accident in Allahabad. Similarly, between age of 30-44 years, 70 persons, including 60 men and 10 women, were killed in road accidents in 2011.An Inspector of UP Traffic police said: \"Violation of traffic rules and rash driving are two prime factors behind the rising graph of road accidents in the region.\" In terms of fatal and non-fatal category accidents that took place in the past one year, two-wheeler riders and pedestrians were the main victims.As per NCRB report, Kerala is a high accident-prone state on the basis of percentage share in deaths due to road accidents. While the national average for road accidents stood at 37.3%, the state has just crossed the line, registering 37.4%.For Karnataka, the figure stood at 39.6%, while Tamil Nadu recorded 46.6% and Andhra Pradesh 50.8% in south India. The incidence of accidental deaths has increased by 1.6% at the national level in 2011 compared to 2010.Records state that 14 states crossed the five figure mark in accidental deaths with Maharashtra topping the list with maximum 60,515 deaths. Meanwhile, drowning deaths accounted for 15.2% in the state, while sudden deaths (such as heart attacks, epileptic fits/giddiness, abortions/child birth, influence of alcohol, killed by animals and mines disasters) made up almost 18.6%.The traffic police has been carrying out a series of educational and awareness programmes for drivers and pedestrians appealing them to follow the traffic norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15593063", "title": "Nagpur University student's council polls on Sept 10", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University has finally announced the much-awaited schedule for the all-important student's council elections for the 2012-13 academic session. The election process will start with the constitution of student's council of affiliated, conducted colleges and institutions of Nagpur University on September 10. The first council meeting to elect the secretary from the nominated student members will be held on September 15.On behalf of the management council, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal fixed date for the constitution of the council as per the Section 40(6) of the Maharashtra University Act, 1994. The formation is mandatory and non-compliance amounts to violation of the act. The VC remains chairman of the students' body while pro-VC is the vice-chairman.Committee constituted by the VC - comprising Vinayak Deshpande, Abhijit Wanjari, Archana Nerkar, and director of students' welfare committee Arun Patil as secretary - will decide the outcome of any dispute arising from the election of secretary. Patil told TOI that the colleges were directed to conduct the in-house polls and submit names of their elected secretary to his office before September 22.\"The action would start from September 10 where each section of colleges affiliated to the university will select their respective class representatives (CRs). Subsequently, university representatives (URs) will be selected in individual colleges by the respective principals and teachers. Among all colleges, 15 institutes will be selected for final polls by the VC,\" Patil informed. Details regarding these polls would be available on , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15597332", "title": "Osama's hideout carved out of Pak military academy: Book", "text": "WASHINGTON: A colonel in the Pakistan's spy agency ISI had provided vital help to the CIA in tracing Osama bin Laden , a new book has claimed.The book also claims that Pakistan army chief General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani may have been briefed by the US on its operation to kill Osama bin Laden, some five months in advance.'Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him', penned by eminent American journalist Richard Miniter, hit the stands on Tuesday.The new book also says that land of the Abbottabad compound, where the al-Qaida leader lived with his family, was \"carved out\" from the Pakistan military academy compound.\"A colonel in Pakistan's feared intelligence service, the Inter-Services Institute or ISI, provided vital help in locating Bin Laden when he walked into the CIA's Islamabad station in August 2010,\" says the book.Bin Laden was killed by US Navy SEALs inside his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan in May 2011.\"And Pakistan's Army chief of staff may have been briefed in December 2010, five months before the nighttime raid on bin Laden's concrete castle.\"Far from taking a risk, there are indications that a cover story had been developed with the Pakistani military and that Obama had their tacit consent for the mission,\" claims Miniter, a former reporter with 'The Wall Street Journal' and 'The Washington Post'.\"In a never-before-reported account, Pakistan was more involved in the bin Laden operation than Obama's team admitted. When the CIA revealed that an ISI colonel had contacted the CIA in Islamabad and offered information about bin Laden, a debate followed,\" it says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15593386", "title": "Tripura asks Meghalaya, Assam to take action against errant drivers", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government has urged the Meghalaya and Assam governments to take strong action against overloaded inter-state buses, passenger vehicles carrying goods and drivers driving under influence of alcohol.Ruing over the negligence in the enforcement of rules on NH-44 in all three states-Tripura, Meghalaya and Assam-state transport minister Manik Dey said due to the poor administrative intervention in favour of passengers' comfort, the people have started avoiding public transport.\"Being a remote state, the people of Tripura have no other option but to travel in these buses in order to stay connected with rest of the country,\" Dey said recently. His remarks came after the devastating road mishap in Tamseng near Sonarpur in Meghalaya on August 8 last.The minister warned violators of stringent action while urging Meghalaya and Assam government to ensure passenger-friendly service on surface transport. The bus operators were asked to maintain addresses and phone numbers of the passengers for long distance and inter-state journeys.After any accident, bus operators will be liable to provide details of the passengers to the nearest police station as well as to the state transport authority immediately, sources said, adding that separate warning had been issued against carrying passengers beyond the sitting capacity and loading goods in passenger vehicles.Iinvestigation revealed that drunken driving and bad road conditions resulted in the August 8 mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "15595141", "title": "Court team visits circuit bench sites", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A two-member team of the Calcutta high court led by registrar general Ranjit Kumar Bag visited Jalpaiguri on Tuesday to take a look at the temporary infrastructure of the high court's circuit bench at the Zilla Parishad bungalow. The team also visited the permanent site for the bench at Paharpur More in the town. The two members of the team - Bag and Binod Srivastav, the judicial secretary - were satisfied with the present infrastructure provided to accommodate the bench temporarily. Though, they suggested some minor changes. and overall seemed pleased on the issue.The team was assisted by law minister Malay Ghatak and North Bengal development minister Goutam Deb. Later in the evening, Ghatak said that they were hopeful that the bench would be able to start functioning in Jalpaiguri by this year.\"The high court had ordered some changes and almost all of those have been done. The court sent this team to check the progress in the work. They were satisfied with the progress,\" Ghatak said. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will be in Jalpaiguri on September 1 to lay the foundation stone for the permanent building of the bench at Paharpur More.Spread over in an area of 40 acres, the design of the court building has been sanctioned by the high court and the tender process of it has already been completed. The judiciary department has initially sanctioned Rs.20 crores for the project.\"The total estimate for constructing the permanent building is Rs.57 crores and in the first phase we have sanctioned Rs.20 crores. Apart from this Rs.6 crore has been sanctioned for constructing the boundary wall work for which is on progress and Rs.4.77 crores has been sanctioned for filling the land,\" the law minister said.The Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court, during his visit to Jalpaiguri in July 2010, had expressed his satisfaction after inspecting the temporary circuit bench site at Zilla Parishad Dak Bungalow and had reportedly said that the High Court was ready to start functioning of the circuit bench here using the temporary infrastructure once the state government started construction work at the permanent site.It is based on this report that people of every sector are now hopeful that the circuit bench would start functioning in Jalpaiguri once the construction work for the permanent site begins. Once kicked off, the circuit bench will cater all the six districts of north Bengal - Malda, North and South Dinajpur, Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar. Initially, the bench would operate 21 days in a month and once converted into a permanent bench, it would work similar to the Calcutta High Court. All the cases filed by people of north Bengal and lying pending with the Calcutta High Court would be transferred to the bench in phases once it starts functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592386", "title": "Heavy showers cool city, wet week ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: True to the weatherman's prediction, Delhi and other parts of northwest India witnessed moderate to heavy showers on Tuesday morning. The city received 32.5mm of rain in the early hours of Tuesday, bringing the previous day's total to 54.4mm till 8.30am. In the next 12 hours, another 28.2mm of rain was recorded. More rain is expected till Friday.\"A low pressure area exists over north Madhya Pradesh and adjoining south Uttar Pradesh. This will be moving in a west/northwesterly direction. A western disturbance also exists over the western Himalayan region and that is reacting with the low pressure area to bring widespread heavy rain over the northern parts of the country. The monsoon has been active over Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Delhi, Chandigarh and west Madhya Pradesh,\" said a Met official.Narela recorded the heaviest showers with 100mm rainfall in the region in 24 hours till 8.30am. Mungeshpur received 67mm rain in the same duration followed by Najafgarh which received 58mm and Lodhi Road which got 48.4mm rain. Between 8.30am and 5.30pm, Lodhi Road recorded 38.8mm rain and Pusa witnessed 21mm rain. \"Because of the heavy morning showers and a heavy cloud cover through the day, both maximum and minimum temperatures had come down significantly. The maximum temperature dropped four degrees below normal to settle at 29.4 degrees Celsius while the minimum was one degree below normal at 24.8 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.Similar weather is expected to continue till Friday. \"Rain and thundershowers are expected over most places in the western Himalayan region, Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Chandigarh, UP, Bihar and east Rajasthan with heavy showers likely over one or two places in these regions till Thursday. Between Friday and Monday, the intensity of the monsoon system will increase over the hills and decrease over the plains though isolated showers will continue,\" said a Met official.Tuesday's showers also helped in reducing the massive deficit that the Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi region has been facing. From 67% in the last week, the deficit has come down to 61% over the region with the deficit over northwest India coming down to 23%. The overall deficit for the country also dropped from 16% to 15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15594115", "title": "Madurai bench of consumer panel begins", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SCDRC) commenced its activities in the city on Tuesday.Establishment of a bench of the SCDRC similar to the Madurai bench of the Madras high court was a long-pending demand of the consumer activists and the public in Madurai. The state government had earlier passed a GO (government order), ordering constitution of a circuit bench of SCDRC in Madurai 2010 itself, but it failed to take off.On August 11, chief minister J Jayalalithaa inaugurated the commission bench at the district court premises through video conferencing from Chennai. The bench began its hearings on Tuesday. On the very first day of its commencement of functioning, about 20 cases were heard. President of the SCDRC bench, Ragupathy, city police commissioner Sanjay Mathur, representatives from the advocates association and consumer activists were present.\"The circuit bench of SCDRC is a boon to the public from 13 southern districts that fall within jurisdiction of the Madurai bench of the Madras High court,\" said K Manavalan, president of the South India Consumer Protection Council, Madurai.The consumer right activists and organizations had made several representations to successive governments from as early as 2001 for constitution of the circuit bench at Madurai.The circuit bench would have a president, two judicial members and two non-judicial members. About seven staff members from the principal seat of SCDRC have also been shifted to the Madurai bench. As many as 900 cases from the SCDRC have been shifted to circuit bench. These cases pertain to the 13 southern districts.\"Cases pertaining to a compensation of Rs 20 lakh to Rs one crore from companies and service providers can be heard in the circuit bench for deficiency in service,\" said advocate and consumer activist, M Piravi Perumal.\"If a consumer wins a case in the district consumer disputes redressal forum for deficiency in a product, the company will go for appeal in SCDRC. But the consumer from a southern district would hesitate to go for appeal as he would incur additional expense for travelling as well as his counsel. Ultimately, he would go unrepresented in SCDRC. The bench would now address this problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594601", "title": "Daadis, naanis turn young at this do", "text": "INDORE: It was time for daadis and naanis to set the ramp on fire. Gossips, tongue-in-cheek statements and chuckles ensured a lively atmosphere for the young-at- heart naanis and daadis of the city at the Dadi-Naani' competition held at Hotel Apna Avenue here on Tuesday. Personality talent, GK and quiz were the three main grounds on which the ladies were judged. Deepa Tanveer, a professor and Padmini Kakde, a teacher by profession were at the event as the judges.\"Zindagi jeene ka apna- apna tarika hota hai,\" said Harbhajan Ahluwalia, 76. Ahluwaliya was among the ten participants at the competition organized by Rainbow Ladies Club. Though the club founded by Suhasini Sarkanungo in 1979 has 40 members, but as the competition was only for the daadis and naanis, only ten could participate. . The members of the club come from different walks of life, some are working, some own business while some are homemakers.But these proud old ladies surely knew the ways to be young and stylish.\"I live my life through my granddaughters' eyes. I always wanted to become an actor when I was young. So now, I dance and sing with my grandchildren to remain happy,\" said Shakuntala Badlani after she walked down the makeshift ramp gracefully. Her favourite song happens to be 'Anaarkali Disco Chali'.The event was however not just about amusements and entertainment. Social issues like dowry, female foeticide and others were also discussed at length.The youngest daadi present at the event was just 48-year-old Jayshree Virani, a home-maker and the secretary of the club.\"This was the first time I walked a ramp,\" said Virani coyly, adding \"but I liked the experience\".\"We all are good friends here at the club, and we have fun whenever we get together, I feel every one has the rights to enjoy,\" said Harbhajan Ahluwalia, the oldest daadi present on the occasion. When asked if she wanted to convey anything to the youngsters, she gave the nuskha: \"Youngsters should remain fit and healthy to enjoy life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15594490", "title": "Mobile concrete testing lab inaugurated", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A full-fledged mobile concrete testing laboratory launched by Dalmia Tech was inaugurated at a function held at Hotel Malabar Palace on Tuesday.The mobile laboratory enables testing of quality of building materials like cement, bricks, sand and coarse aggregate which influence the quality of concrete. The laboratory set up inside a van will make available full-fledged concrete testing facilities at construction sites. The testing will be offered free of cost.Officials of Dalmia Tech Mobile, a venture of Dalmia Cements, said the laboratory facility will be made available at the sites and tests worth Rs 50,000 would be offered free of cost.They said there have been numerous instances of building collapses due to the use of sub-standard building materials. The initiative would help customers to ensure quality of materials that are used for concreting and building construction at the site itself, they said. The services of a civil engineer will also be made available in the mobile laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594286", "title": "Investigating officer cross-examined in sibling murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: An investigating officer in the Muskan, Hirithik murder case, was cross examined by the defense counsel of the lone surviving accused, Manoharan, on Tuesday.The case came up for hearing before the Mahila Court judge M P Subramanian on Tuesday. The investigating officer, inspector M Kanagasabapathy, was cross examined by defense counsel A Sharmila.She questioned the police inspector as to why they had failed to capture fingerprints from the Omni van used for the kidnapping. Inspector Kanagasabapathy said that although they had attempted to lift fingerprints, they were unable to find any. Due to heavy rains, they may have been erased. The police officer said that the prime accused Mohana Krishnan was arrested in Podanur on October 29, 2010 and obtained a confession statement from him on the same night.The judge adjourned the hearing to Wednesday at which time the investigating officer will be cross examined by the defense counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594742", "title": "India to revive Rajiv Gandhi\u2019s global disarmament vision", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to revive the Rajiv Gandhi Action Plan for a nuclear weapon-free world, a national outreach conference on global nuclear disarmament was held here on Tuesday. In his inaugural address, foreign minister S M Krishna said that India is prepared to negotiate a fissile material cut off treaty in the Conference on Disarmament.Any progress in the Conference on Disarmament for an FMCT has been consistently blocked by Pakistan that has cited asymmetry with India in fissile material stocks.\"We have maintained our voluntary and unilateral moratorium on nuclear explosive testing and are prepared to negotiate an FMCT in the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva ,'' said Krishna.\"We are committed to working with the international community to advance our common objectives of non-proliferation, including through strong export controls and membership of the multilateral export regimes,'' he added.Talking about India's tabling of a working paper on nuclear disarmament in the UNGA in 2006, Krishna said that this contained a number of proposals which retained the spirit and substance of the Rajiv Gandhi Action Plan to take us closer, in a step by step process, for achieving ``nuclear disarmament in a time-bound, universal, non-discriminatory, phased and verifiable manner''.The foreign minister called for a universal commitment and an agreed multilateral framework that is global and non-discriminatory. ``There is need for a meaningful dialogue among all states possessing nuclear weapons to build the necessary trust and confidence and for reducing the salience of nuclear weapons in international affairs and security doctrines,'' he said, adding that progressive steps are needed for the de-legitimization of nuclear weapons before they are eliminated.He also said that pending the elimination of nuclear weapons, it was necessary to reduce nuclear risks especially of terrorists gaining access to sensitive materials and technology and even nuclear weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592039", "title": "HC tells govt to clarify on rules for removal of municipal chairmen", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court on Tuesday issued a show cause notice to the department of local bodies and state election commission over alleged non-formulation of rules of referendum required to ratify a no-confidence motion against any chairman or an elected representative of Nagar Palika under Rajasthan Municipality Act, 2009 before his removal.The order was issued by a bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) on a PIL filed by one Vikrant Sharma.The petitioner had alleged in the PIL that there is a provision of Right to Recall of an elected representative of Nagar Palika under the Act. The law also provides that a motion of no-confidence, once approved by majority, has to be sent to state government through collector for having a public referendum before the removal order could be passed.Highlighting one such case from Baran where a no-confidence motion was passed in January this year against the present chairman of Nagar Palika but he could not be removed in the absence of rules required to be framed for holding a referendum. The petitioner contended that the rule existed in Old Municipality Act also but in 2010, the said provision of right to recall was taken away by the state government by amending the Act of 2009.\"The state election commission has asked the state government to provide the rules providing the manner in which such a referendum can be conducted but the state government is neither providing any rules nor framing the same,\" alleged the petitioner.The said amendment was challenged before the high court in Jodhpur and after the state was asked to file a response, the state government by way of a fresh amendment on May 27, 2011 again re-introduced the provision of recalling an elected representative but did not provide the rules for conducting a subsequent referendum. The division bench has asked the state government to file its response within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593121", "title": "4 held for sending provocative SMS", "text": "PUNE: The cyber crime cell of the Pune police arrested four men late on Monday night for allegedly circulating provocative SMSs in the city regarding the violence in Burma that led to attacks on students from the northeast in the city last week.The suspects are Arif Munnawar Khan (47) of Bibvewadi, Imran Irfan Khan (39) of Sanjay Park, Vimannagar, Mohammed Afzal Abdul Rahman Khan (38) of Kondhwa and Sarfaraz Mohammed Iqbal Khan (32) of Mamatanagar in Sangvi.Deputy commissioner of police (cyber crime) Sanjay Shinde said all four men are educated. \"One of them has done his masters in computer applications and works with a private firm. The other three are graduates,\" he said.The SMS and a doctored MMS purportedly about the violence in Burma are suspected to have triggered a string of attacks on people from northeast living in the city, forcing many to leave for their home states.Following the attacks, the city police had registered separate cases at the Kondhwa and Cantonment police stations under sections 66(A) and 66(C) of the Information and Technology Act. Arif Khan, Imran Khan and Mohammad Khan were arrested in the case registered with the Cantonment police station while Sarfaraz Khan was arrested in the other case.\"We questioned them and found provocative material on their cell phones. We have also found that they had forwarded the SMS to several people in the city,\" Shinde said.The four men were produced before the judicial magistrate (first class) court on Tuesday. While seeking their police custody, the police said they wanted to investigate who had created the provocative SMS. Investigating officer Sangita Alphonso Shinde told the court that the police also wanted to investigate whether the four men had other such provocative SMSs and MMS clips.The court sent the four men to police custody till August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594776", "title": "Students in a fix over scholarship scheme", "text": "BHOPAL: A scholarship scheme sponsored by the ministry of human resources and distributed by the MP board has not been given to the students for the last two years. The renewal forms of the Central Sector Scholarship Scheme for the year 2011-12 and 2012-13 have also not been posted on the Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) website.One of the students who have been doing the rounds of board office since last year for the renewal forms, Shruti Dixit, told TOI, \"I was a district merit-holder in the year 2008 from the commerce stream. I received the scholarship amount till the year 2010-11. But the renewal forms for the past two years have not been uploaded on the MPBSE website.\"\"I also went to Board Office's Vigyan Bhavan several times in the past two years but everytime, the officials told me to come later or keep checking the website for updates. Even till date, only the renewal form for the year 2010-11 is there,\" said Shruti, currently pursuing her MBA from a government university.Board Office PRO S K Chourasia, who is in-charge of the scholarship scheme, could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Secretary of MPBSE Santosh Misra said, \"I am not aware of the matter. But if such a thing has happened, it will be rectified immediately. I will look into it personally.\"The scholarship amount for undergraduate students is Rs 10,000 every year while the amount for postgraduate students is Rs 20,000 per year.According to a circular issued by the MPBSE on July 12, almost 4,300 students are to be selected for the new scholarship scheme for the year 2012-13. The last date for submission of applications through MP Online portal is September 30. The scholarship would be given to science, art and commerce students. Besides, 50% scholarships are for female students, 15 % for SC students, 7.5 % for ST students, 27 % for OBC students and 3 % for handicapped students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15595210", "title": "After Curiosity, InSight: Nasa's '16 Mars mission", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Nasa's $2.5 billion Curiosity mission is beginning its scientific activity on the surface of the Red Planet, the space agency on Monday announced another mission to Mars which has been designated as InSight.Slated for launch in 20I6, the primary role of the InSight mission would be to probe the deep interior of Mars and see why it evolved so differently from earth as one of the solar system's rocky planets, according to a Nasa announcement.InSight will deploy instruments on the surface of Mars to study whether the core of Mars is solid or liquid and why the crust of Mars is not divided into tectonic plates that drift like those on earth. According to Nasa such a study will help scientists to develop a deeper understanding as to how terrestrial planets form and evolve.Nasa states that InSightwill be equipped with four instruments. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) will provide what is known as an on board geodetic instrument which will determine the planet's rotation axix and a robotic arm and two cameras used to deploy and monitor instruments on the surface of Mars. The French space agency, Centre National d' Etudes Spatiales will lead an international consortium which will build an instrument to measure seismic waves travelling through the planet's interior. The German Aerospace Centre will contribute a sub surface heat probe to measure the flow of heat from the interior..With a price tag of $425 million, the InSight mission will build on spacecraft technology used in Nasa's Phoenix lander mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592707", "title": "3 injured in wall collapse near AIIMS Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least nine people were injured \u2014 three of them seriously \u2014 when three walls collapsed in different parts of the city after Tuesday's showers. In the first incident, three people suffered injuries after a portion of the wall near AIIMS Metro station gave way. Around 50 two-wheelers in the parking lot were damaged.The incident took place around 9.30am. The victims, Mohammad Rahim, Sauran and Ehraaj, were rushed to the emergency ward of the hospital where they are undergoing treatment. Rahim is a parking attendant.The wall near gate number 1 was apparently in a bad condition, said cops. \"It had just stopped raining when a part of the wall collapsed and three people got trapped under the debris. A team from the fire department along with a police team immediately reached the spot and rescued the victims. One of the victim's condition is critical,\" said a police officer.A case under sections 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of IPC has been registered against unknown persons at the Hauz Khas police station. \"We are trying to find out why the wall collapsed,\" added the officer.In the second incident, four people on a morning walk were injured after a wall collapsed in Mundka. Cops said the victims were buried under the rubble for several minutes before help arrived. Another wall collapse in Anand Parbat crushed two people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592492", "title": "Maharashtra judiciary disposes of 1.21cr cases in 6 years", "text": "NAGPUR: When other states were facing the scourge of huge pendency of cases, Maharashtra's judiciary has added another feather in its cap by disposing of as many as 1.21 crore cases in last six years. Of these 12.37 lakh were disposed of in the first seven months of the current year till July 31. As per statistics supplied by the higher judiciary, the number of cases being disposed is steadily increasing since last six years while in the case of those which are being filed is fluctuating. In the same period, about 1.08 crore cases were instituted.The judiciary can take pride in the fact that it has disposed of over 52 lakh cases in last two years alone (till July 31) and also reduced the huge pendency to 30.43 lakh from 41.35 lakh as on July 1, 2010. In the same period however, 41.10 lakh new cases have also been filed. Still, this is a better performance as compared to that in all India basis, where over 2.74 crore cases are pending in the lower courts, over 42.92 lakh in high courts and 56,383 cases in the Supreme Court.\"Our performance is much better considering the fact that the number of filing of cases since last many years was stagnant, which was one of the reason for increase in pendency,\" Bombay High Court registrar general Sunil Shukre told TOI from Mumbai.He said that though every year, about 19 to 20 lakh news cases were added, mega drives like Maha Lok Adalat has primarily led to the reduction in pendency.Even Chief Justice of Bombay High Court, Mohit Shah had credited Maha Lok Adalat, a concept evolved under his tenure, for sharp drop in pendency. \"The initiatives taken by judiciary including alternative dispute redressal (ADR) and conducting Maha Lok Adalat has resulted in reduction of the huge pendency significantly,\" the CJ had told TOI during his visit to the city in January.The High Court Bar Association (HCBA) attributed this success to various initiatives like Maha Lok Adalat and mediation but stated that if lawyers decide, this disposal rate can be expedited. \"I believe that legal fraternity plays important role in pendency of cases and they should advise the litigants to settle their cases mutually or direct them to opt for mediation. Lawyers' contribution is vital in any case and if they see no headway in such cases, they should themselves come forward to settle them,\" HCBA secretary, Abhay Sambre said.Former District Government Pleader (DGP) Prashant Sathianathan credited the legal fraternity, litigants and judiciary for this success. \"Of course Maha Lok Adalat and mediation played the key role, but it was these three pillars who implemented these highly successful concepts. Still, there is need to conduct such events at regular basis to bring the pendency to minimal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593489", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to raise Rs 3L bill for memorial damage", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation is all set to recover the cost of the damaged Amar Jyoti Jawan, which was destroyed in the mob violence during the Assam protests. The civic body is likely to put up a bill to the tune of Rs 3 lakh towards the reconstruction of the historical memorial.The bill will be handed over to the Mumbai police. Confirming the development, Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"The bill is ready to be handed over to the police. The cost of the damage will be included in the panchnama.\" The Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act prevents the civic body from directly liasoning with the organizers of the protest. Recovery of the damages is certainly the first priority of the civic body. Mayor Sunil Prabhu said, \"At this point of time, we just need to recover the cost of the damages. We have pumped in our money to restore the historical memorial.\"The August 11 violence has once again brought to the fore the culture of vandalism that the city has witnessed in the past. Activist Teesta Setalvad, secretary, Citizens for Justice and Peace told TOI, \"Damages should undoubtedly be claimed when violence destroys public property with culpability for the damages being pinned on the organizers. It is, however, also critical that such action is universally applied and details be made public--specifically damages for August 11 should be recovered as also for the 42 Best buses destroyed by political parties (be it SS or MNS) in earlier protests. The law must work even-handedly without fear or favour.\"The memorial, which was unveiled in 2009, was erected in memory of two Indian soldiers -- Sayyed Hussein and Mangal Cadiya -- who were martyred during 1857 mutiny. During the revolt, both the sepoys were blown apart by cannon fire near Azad Maidan after they refused to follow orders from their commanding officer.Rs 5 lakh for info on vandalsIndependent MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Tuesday announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to anyone providing credible information to police about the vandals who desecrated the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial. Maintaining that the people who vandalized the memorial do not belong to any faith or religion, Chandrasekhar in a press release said, \"The perpetrators must be apprehended at the earliest and brought to justice.\"These vandals have disgraced hundreds and thousands of people from all faiths and parts of India and those within and outside of armed forces who have served and protected the nation in time of war and in time of peace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591784", "title": "Indian footballers rue poor payment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post Olympics, there has been a windfall for the medalists and rightly so. Sports is taking a turn towards the better in India, you say, but not all are so fortunate. Like our football players, who are going in to defend their Nehru Cup title.You would be surprised to know about the remuneration our national players will get from the All India Football Federation - Rs 600 as daily allowance and nothing as match fees. \"If we win a tournament, we are given an incentive. Else, we go home empty-handed,\" said a player.\"If we get injured, the club doesn't pay for our treatment or rehab. Do you really think a player has enough motivation to play the country? Still we give our best, and there is no one to address the issues that hurt us.\"Money is not the only issue that has caused heartburn in the Indian team. Some players who have been representing the country for long and have been playing for top flight clubs consistently for over a decade are unhappy over either being overlooked for the captain's band or for not being recommended for the national sports awards.\"It is not nice to talk about negatives just ahead of a new season but things can't be kept under wraps for ever,\" another player said.\"We are fighting at all fronts. Tell me, why will our clubs release us for national duty? They pay us, take care of us throughout the year. And if we return injured, they are ones who get shortchanged.\"The reasons for India's dismal show in football are many and it has been that way for many years. Things have improved over the years with the players these days getting first-class travel and five-star accommodation. However, they still deserve to be treated better, else unequal distribution of money, responsibility and recognition will only lead to further bad blood among the players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594398", "title": "Reach out to pro-talks Maoist leaders, says Naresh Chandra panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Naresh Chandra panel has suggested that the government give up its pre-condition of cessation of violence for opening talks with Naxalites and, instead, reach out to the CPI (Maoist) brass who are favourably inclined to a constructive engagement.The high-powered panel, which submitted its report in May, recommended that the government covertly explore the possibility of opening a channel of communication with pro-talks elements within the top Naxal leadership. As per the roadmap, the Intelligence Bureau may covertly approach pro-talks leaders through conduits and sympathizers. They may be engaged by a specially constituted team of \"seasoned\", retired bureaucrats who have been involved in shaping the policy on Left-wing extremism. They must use their knowledge and skills to make the Naxal leaders understand that the government will not be cowed down by their acts of violence and that dialogue is the best option to redress their grievances, the panel said.The call for engaging the Naxalites comes at a time when many top CPI (Maoist) leaders have either been killed or are behind bars. With no more than half a dozen politburo members left to lead the \"revolution\", there are murmurs of discontent among senior leaders over intensifying the war against the State. In fact, this had recently caused a split in the Orissa state leadership, with renegade Sabyasachi Panda writing to party boss Ganapathy that protracted war was not suited to Indian conditions. He has since been expelled from the outfit.Given the background, the method in limiting the olive branch to pro-talks elements is understandable. According to sources associated with the Naresh Chandra committee, even if the peace efforts do not lead to talks but manage to bring out the pro-dialogue elements in the CPI (Maoist) in support of the government's initiative, the confusion and division within the Naxal ranks would have come to the fore.The emphasis on \"covert\" talks, apart from ensuring the personal safety of the interlocutors, is aimed at avoiding fixing of responsibility in the event of failure of the initiative, the panel explained.Significantly, the Naresh Chandra committee warned against a repeat of the 2004 misadventure, when a short-lived ceasefire-cum-talks between the Andhra Pradesh establishment and CPI (Maoist) was conveniently used by the latter to regroup.The committee recommended that there should be no letup in guard in the event of a dialogue. Area domination will have to continue and forces must keep track of the Maoist elements who come overground for the talks.Ever since the Andhra experiment flopped, the Centre has been wary of entering into a dialogue with the Naxals. There have been offers from former home minister P Chidambaram, first suggesting that the Maoists lay down arms to set the ground for talks, followed by a dilution of this pre-condition to only stoppage of violence for 72 hours, but neither had any takers. More recently, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said the government was ready to talk to Naxals if they surrendered.The Naresh Chandra committee was constituted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last year to go into the entire gamut of issues concerning national security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595138", "title": "Career scheme to help 10K teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Tuesday announced implementation of career advancement scheme (CAS) for teachers in state colleges and universities. State finance minister Amit Mitra said that the Bengal government wants to build and enrich the human capital and that research activities should take place in the state, and the decision was a reflection of the outlook.According to him, the decision taken by Mamata Banerjee will directly benefit 10,000 teachers in government colleges, government-sponsored colleges and state-aided universities, apart from assistant librarians, physical education personnel and sports professionals in these institutions. According to Mitra, the University Grants Commission (UGC) has already made recommendations on these professionals getting increments following advanced studies and acquiring degrees during their career. Following the UGC recommendations, the state government had set up a panel, which has taken the final decision on the slabs of increment. THowever, Mitra did not give details of the increment slabs. Education minister Bratya Basu said a notification in this matter would be made soon. adding that an official order would soon be issued on this, which will have all the details of increment a professional will get through MPhil, PhD and so on.\"It would be implemented from November 1, and be reflected in the salary of the following month,\" Mitra said. tnn\"This will be permanently reflected in the salary and is not a one time payment,\" Mitra added. \"This is being announced before the Pujas and will be disbursed around the festive season.\"According to the finance minister, the Mamata Banerjee government is in favour of improving the human capital in the state. He said that the main idea behind taking the decision to recognize and implement CAS was that the state government wants research in various fields to take place in Bengal.\"The announcement was made on Tuesday to introduce CAS. A notification in this matter will be made soon,\" said education minister Bratya Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591522", "title": "CWG scam: No mention of Suresh Kalmadi in CBI\u2019s Queens Baton Relay chargesheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Questions are being raised about the omission of sacked Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee chief Suresh Kalmadi's name from the charge-sheet filed by the CBI in the Queens Baton Relay (QBR) scam, considering that he had approved the final payments for the London function.The charge-sheet filed last week against former OC officials Sanjay Mohindroo, T S Darbari and M Jeychandran clearly mentions that Kalmadi had approved payments to Ashish Patel's company AM Films and Cars but still, he has not been named as an accused by the CBI.The charge-sheet, accessed by TOI, says, \"Sanjay Mohindroo obtained the approval of chairman (OC) on October 24, 2008 for making exorbitant payment of 146,868 pounds to AM Films UK Ltd and in conspiracy with T S Darbari and M Jeychandran fraudulently got the said payment released from CWG OC.\"The BJP was not amused with Kalmadi's name missing from the charge-sheet. \"We are shocked how this omission has happened. Definitely now, the matter is also before the PAC so it will get to the bottom of the issue,\" party leader Prakash Javadekar said.Patel has been named along with Mohindroo, Jeychandran and Darbari in the charge-sheet and the agency has also accused them of forgery. The charge-sheet says that \"in order to justify the allotment of the work to Ashish Patel's company, the accused officials prepared various forged documents\". CBI investigations revealed that these officials did not follow the standard tendering process and instead favoured Patel's company. All the accused are presently out on bail.When asked, a CBI official said, \"Kalmadi is not named in the FIR in the QBR case. A part of the response of Letter Rogatory from UK is still awaited and if we get any evidence against Suresh Kalmadi , then we will definitely charge-sheet him.\"The CBI probe into Patel's firms revealed that he had allegedly submitted fake invoices to get payments released from the Organizing Committee. Patel was questioned by a CBI team which had travelled to London last year. Now that he has been charge-sheeted, CBI will begin the formal extradition process for Ashish Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15593402", "title": "United Naga Council calls off 96-hour bandh", "text": "IMPHAL: The United Naga Council (UNC), which had announced the imposition of a 96-hour total bandh in the 'Naga areas' of Manipur from Monday midnight, called off its stir. The bandh was called against the government's alleged reluctance to continue holding dialogue on its alternative arrangement demand.UNC called off the stir after the officials of the Union home ministry informed them that the next round of tripartite talks involving the Centre, state government and the council will be held in New Delhi on August 29, 30 or 31.The UNC, which is a conglomerate of several Naga civil bodies of Manipur, said it received the home ministry's message on Monday afternoon.\"A UNC team will participate in the tripartite talk at Delhi. We solicit the prayer and support of the all churches and the Naga public for the success of the talks,\" UNC added. UNC has been demanding alternative administrative arrangements for the Naga areas of Manipur without linking the state government since the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593376", "title": "Aircraft for cloud seeding may come from South Africa, not Israel", "text": "MUMBAI: With rain playing truant, especially in the catchment areas where the water-supplying lakes are situated, the BMC hopes to start an experiment on cloud seeding in September. Though the decision is yet to be finalized, the civic body has already been forced to tweak its plan for the exercise. It was supposed to procure an aircraft from Israel for the procedure, but owing to hassles over clearances, it is now looking to get one from South Africa.The civic body will first have to take the permission of the Directorate-General of Civil aviation on the air space to be used by a plane. \"On Wednesday, we will apply for DGCA's permission on the use of flying space. We are working out the logistics of the experiment and it is yet to be finalized if the BMC will go ahead with it. If we do opt for cloud seeding, it will be in September, as the frequency of appearance of 'seedable' clouds is more at that time. The cost of the project is estimated at Rs 12 crore but it could rise,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.\"The BMC was supposed to use an aircraft of Mekorot, Israel's national water company, which will offer its technical expertise for cloud seeding. But there are a lot of hurdles. For Israel to bring an aircraft to India, its government will have to give several clearances and it is not feasible,\" said a hydraulics department officials. Gupta confirmed Mekorot would offer manpower and salt crystals for the experiment that will provide a short-term respite from and a long-term solution to water crisis here.The BMC is negotiating with My Avni, a firm that will bring an aircraft from South Africa. \"We are in talks with the other firm about procuring an aircraft as India has no such special plane. The radar will be provided by the IMD,\" said the official.On July 31, the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology conveyed to BMC that Israel had developed its technology on cloud seeding. The BMC signed an MoU with Israel's water and energy department last year. Group leaders of all parties passed a proposal of Rs 12 crore for cloud seeding.The process will involve sprinkling of sodium chloride crystals from a plane on clouds to induce precipitation and subsequently, rain. It will be held over Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna lakes. So far, the city is short of 4 lakh MLD water .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15602745", "title": "Onam celebrations: Palakkad division of southern railway ushers in festival spirit", "text": "MANGALORE: Engineering branch of Palakkad railway divisional office bagged the first prize in the Pookala Malsaram (competition) conducted in Palakkad railway divisional office on Wednesday. While the personnel branch bagged the second prize, employees of general and accounts branches shared the third prize. Hindi department of Palakkad division organized this competition in which 12 teams representing various branches participated.Piyush Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Poonam Agarwal, president, Southern Railway Women's Welfare Organisation, Palakkad, Mohan A Menon, additional divisional railway manager and all officers witnessed the pookalam created enthusiastically by the participating employees. Piyush Agarwal, DRM congratulated the winning teams and conveyed his onam greetings to all railway employees, their families and all the rail users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594758", "title": "Doctors to represent state in Bhutan bicycle event", "text": "NASHIK: Two brothers from Nashik, both practising doctors, are all geared up to participate in 'The Tour of the Dragon', the third event of its kind held in a year, being held on September 1, 2012 and organized by the Bhutan Olympic Committee.Hitendra Mahajan (41), an anaesthesiologist and his brother, Mahendra Mahajan (35), a dentist are the only participants from Maharashtra aiming at completing the 268-km race in the stipulated 14 hours, which is also termed as the 'death race'. \"While the other two death races (each in US and France) do not cross the 700-meter elevation, this challenge starts at 2,700 meters above sea level. This is why we have been cycling all Sundays during the past three months to Thane and back, going round Kasara Ghat a number of times, cycling up the Anjaneri (on Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road),\" said Dr Hitendra Mahajan, who completed 590 km of cycling between Manali and Leh that includes pedalling up 'Khardung La' - the highest motorable pass-2011.Dr Mahendra Mahajan, who does not have many such records in his kitty, is however fond of cycling and is following his brother's footsteps only out of interest. \"Being a medical practitioner, I am aware of the dangers of cycling at such heights and hence have been taking lessons from him,\" the younger of the two brothers said.The race includes crossing four passes in the Himalayas and the steep slopes and climbs make it one of the most gruelling bike races. During the race a biker reaches various altitudes, peaking at 3,940 meters.The amateur cyclist says, \"It is aimed at pushing one's self to the limit and spreading the culture of cycling in Nashik. I hope to many cyclists from Nashik participating in cycling events next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594138", "title": "Lifeguards rescue drowning youth", "text": "MANGALORE: Ansar, 21, a resident of Mallur Badriyanagar post, Neerumarga has lifeguards of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project (PBTDP) to thank for an extended lease of life.Part of a group of revellers who had come to Panambur beach, Ansar consistently ignored warnings of lifeguards while frolicking in the water and was sucked away by a rip current even before he could react.Lifeguards who spotted Ansar flailing in the sea immediately dived in after him and brought him ashore. \"Ansar is fine,\" said Yathish Bykampady, CEO of PBTDP.Ansar was part of a group that had come from Neermarga area on the outskirts of the city.The group was not paying heed to warnings from the lifeguards about rip currents in the area and Ansar almost paid for it with his life but for their timely intervention, Yathish said.The lifeguards obtained a statement from Ansar and informed the Panambur police about the incident. Yathish said such incidents are now commonplace.\"On many occasions, people, especially youth whom we have saved from drowning at the beach have gone back home and claimed they have never gone to the beach,\" he said.They claimed on the morning of July 14, lifeguards had rescued Shwetha, a girl from Bangalore, from drowning.They were back in action later in the afternoon, this time saving Sai Tej, a teenager from Whitefield in Bangalore. There has been no case of drowning death at Panambur beach since October 2009, ever since the district administration handed over maintenance of the beach to PBTDP under a public-private partnership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15598073", "title": "IIT entrance exam: JEE-Advanced paper to have only multiple-choice questions", "text": "MUMBAI: Putting to rest all confusion over admission to Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), the joint admission board (JAB) of IITs clarified that the format of the joint entrance examination. JEE-Advanced paper will be the same as that of IIT-JEE in the last few years.The ministry for human resource development (MHRD) issued its first ever notification on JEE-2013 for admissions to all centrally-funded technical institutes on August 14.JEE-Advanced, which will determine admissions to IITs for 2013, will be held on June 2. The JEE-Advanced paper will only have multiple-choice questions which the students will attempt in two sessions, morning and afternoon.This will come as a relief for aspirants who had been preparing in keeping with the old format which did not include subjective questions. Several IITs, including the one in Mumbai, were in favour of a subjective JEE.The difficulty level of and the marks allotted to JEE-Advanced tests will be similar to that of previous JEEs.\"We have decided that the format of the test should remain the same as it is too late to introduce changes. However, the notification is just for 2013. The MHRD has also formed an apex board in order to have a smooth JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced this year and in future too,\" said a senior official from IIT-Bombay. Ashok Misra, the former director of the institute, is the honorary chairperson of the JAB.The official, who attended the JAB meeting, added, \"Machine-readable answersheets will also be retained. The rule allowing candidates to take home a copy of their answersheets will also be followed. While the format and everything else will remain the same in 2013, it can change in future.\"According to the notification , top 1.5 lakh candidates, including all categories, from the JEE-Main exam will be eligible to appear for the JEE-Advanced . Students who qualify in the JEE-Advanced exam and fall in the top 20 percentile of the successful candidates in their respective board results will be eligible for admission to IITs.If states want to admit any students on the basis of JEE scores, a separate state merit list will be given to them. Questions papers can be printed in regional language on demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592104", "title": "Now medical refund for retired municipal employees", "text": "JAIPUR: Former municipal employees would soon be entitled to medical reimbursements, as a cabinet sub-committee recommended a corpus fund for the purpose on Tuesday. The decision would benefit nearly 50,000 former employees of the 184 municipal bodies in the state.The sub-committee comprising industries minister Rajendra Pareek, health minister AA Khan and transport minister Brij Kishore Sharma met at the state secretariat to discuss the long-pending demand along with welfare issues of other government employees on Tuesday.\"Retired municipal employees would start getting medical reimbursements once the corpus creation is cleared by the state cabinet, too,\" Pareek told reporters after the meeting.Rajasthan Municipal Corporation Union president Girish Dadhich later said, \"The sub-committee's recommendation for the corpus fund is a welcoming step, as around 80% of the municipal employees, especially the sanitation workers, cannot afford medical facilities after retirement.\"Dadhich said there were nearly 50,000 municipal employees, including around 13,000 retired ones, in the state. \"These employees have been getting pensions since 1987, but facilities like medical reimbursements were denied to them,\" he said.Other employees' issues discussed at the meeting related to departmental enquiries under Services Rule 16-CCA. \"We have decided to categorise these matters and refer them to a separate committee,\" minister Pareek said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594072", "title": "Hand over Padil case to CBI, says MLC Nanaiah", "text": "MANGALORE: JD(S) leader and MLC MC Nanaiah has demanded that the case of attack on young party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay should be handed over to CBI since the state police has failed in handling the investigation.\"Subash Padil, the main accused in the homestay attack incident was in telephonic touch with a police inspector at 6.30pm on the day. However, police did not inquire about the involvement of the officer in the attack. The inspector is also an abettor in the execution of attack on revellers at the homestay. CBI should investigate the case under the guidance of state high court,\" he said.On the interim report filed by Karnataka State Commission for Women chairperson C Manjula and statements made by district in-charge minister CT Ravi, he said that both were trying to divert the direction of the investigation and thereby dilute it.\"Home minister R Ashoka is not capable of taking firm stand against those who attacked women in the name of culture as he has the fear of losing power. The Hindu organizations, which control the BJP government, do not allow ministers to act against such anti-social elements,\" he charged.All praise for BSYNanaiah, who reportedly spoke about former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa in a light hearted vein on an earlier occasion, was all praise for the latter. \"I don't talk about any leader lightly. Yeddyurappa is an able leader and I appreciate his daring. Yeddyurappa should have asked the post of national president in BJP. He should be active and relevant in politics. However, it is not possible for him to be active in BJP. Hence, he should think and show his strength,\" Nanaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597761", "title": "A do for bookworms and culturattis", "text": "The audience at a city heritage park considered its Monday evening well-spent as the portal,www.boimela.in,was launched in a revamped avatar along with the unveiling of a new magazine,Naksha.Chandrabindoo performed to celebrate the occasion.Said Subrata Kundu,the portals founder,We organized this gathering to create a cultural milieu for Bangalis who are voracious readers. But what prompted this revamp Said Palash Bandopadhyay,the portals spokesperson,We want to take probashi Bangalis back to their roots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593655", "title": "Gang involved in more than 20 thefts busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch officials on Tuesday busted a gang of thieves belonging to the Sikligar community for its involvement in thefts worth more than Rs 1 crore in the state. The officials have seized goods and valuables worth more than Rs 40 lakh from the four gang members.Working on a tip-off that the men were to come to Ahmedabad to sell stolen gold and silver ornaments, police teams led by inspector Jeetendra Yadav and inspector R R Sarvaiya kept a watch near Indira Bridge Circle and intercepted a car in which they were travelling .The arrested men include Sagar Tambe, 22, Shashpal Sikligar alias Papa, 21, Charansingh Sikligar alias Chandan, 23 and Jagansingh Sikligar, 24, all residents of Thane near Mumbai. Police recovered an automatic pistol with cartridges, gold ornaments worth Rs 15.90 lakh, silver ornaments worth Rs 22.50 lakh and mobile phones from the men.Himanshu Shukla, deputy commissioner of police, said the gang was active in Gujarat since January and was involved in high-profile crimes, including a string of jewellery thefts from Naranpura worth Rs 28.29 lakh, from Odhav worth Rs 18.20 lakh and from Chandkheda worth Rs 14 lakh. The gang also tried to break into a shop near Vasna bus stand but had to flee after locals tried to stop them.\"Brothers Shashpal and Jagan were involved in their brother-in-law Nadisingh's murder in January. Since then, they were on the run and had started committing thefts with their cousin Charansingh. Apart from 13 thefts in the city, they committed similar crimes in Chiloda, Unjha, Mehsana, Dehgam and Siddhpur,\" said Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15595758", "title": "Is Mumbai police commissioner on his way out?", "text": "MUMBAI: Is Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik on his way out? There are reports doing the rounds that the home department has begun the process for his transfer.The proposal was reportedly mooted by the home department three days ago. The file is now said to be pending at chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's office for his final consent, a top source told TOI on Tuesday.At a meeting of senior officers last week, Patnaik reportedly indicated that his ouster was imminent and that this would be his last meeting with them as commissioner of police. \"Junior officers were not happy with the way he had ordered them around on the day of the August 11 riot, which was caught on camera and is now doing the rounds on the internet. Humiliation in public was unwarranted,\" an officer said.Known for his no-nonsense style of functioning, Patnaik has also been in the eye of the storm over his support to Vasant Dhoble, the controversial ACP of Mumbai police's social service branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15595542", "title": "Commuters hit hard by DND work", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters travelling from south to east Delhi via the DND Flyway have been facing a torrid time. The trip, which normally takes little over half an hour, has now become an hour-long journey due to the closure of one of the carriageways of the Mayur Vihar link road since the last four days for repairs. Authorities said that the road that is being concretized as per recommendations of CRRI and will be opened after another four days.Till then, commuters have to take a detour via Noida and face the chronic traffic problems.While the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) has put up signs and deployed additional staff near the entry point of the link road to inform about the diversion, commuters say that the increased vehicular pressure on the Noida link road and heavy traffic around Noida Gate is causing them severe inconvenience, particularly during peak hours.\"Taking the Noida link road is not much of a problem as it is just a matter of an additional 10 minutes. Once the toll road ends, commuters get stuck in the perpetual traffic jam around Noida Gate, on the roads along Noida Sector 15 and Nagarjuna Apartments,\" said Ravish K Sinha, a resident of Vasundhara Enclave.Another major problem is autorickshaws in south Delhi being unwilling to ferry passengers as they have Delhi registration numbers and do not have the permit to ply in Noida. \"No autos are stopped at the DND plaza if they pay the toll, but once they enter Noida there is a risk of getting caught by the traffic police at the border. I commute between Mayur Vihar and Nehru Place every day. I have managed to evade traffic cops until now, but every time I cross the toll plaza I prepare myself to deal with them,\" said Kalpana Chandra, a resident of Mayur Vihar. Regular commuters are being forced to either pay the autowallahs \"extra money\" or take the longer route via Sarai Kale Khan and Akshardham.DND officials have assured that the problem is temporary. \"We have completed the concretization work on the link road. But the RCC method needs curing for eight days for which the road has been closed,\" said Anwar Abassi, NTBCL spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15595209", "title": "On Facebook, Gopal Kanda is still a minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda may have resigned from the state Cabinet after Geetika Sharma named him in her suicide note, but Kanda is still a minister - on Facebook.Kanda's Facebook account continues to describe him as minister of state for home, industries and urban local bodies (independent charge).Following Geetika Sharma's suicide on August 5, only three of his friends on Facbook -- out of 4,721 - commented on his profile photo, extending their support. No posts, however, are visible on his Facebook \"wall\".Top politicians, government officials, academicians, journalists and relatives feature in his long list of friends.Kanda has uploaded three profile photos on his account, which are \"liked\" by 10 of his friends.A day after the registration of FIR for abetment to suicide on August 6, one of his friends, Nishant Jindal (Sirsa), commented: \"Sir aap sahin h .... mujhe vishwas h... .m with u... (Sir, I am confident that you are right. I am with you).\"However, a deluge of hate comments was posted on a \"community page\" made on Kanda. While Siddarth Munjal says, \"Shame on you Kanda,\" Amrit Oza says: \"Fansi de do\" (hang him).A disgusted Ranveer Hooda says, \"uff ek or Rathore, ek or Ruchika.\"\"Now, you will be destroyed ..\" says Varun Singhal, while Ruby Agrawal says anybody in his place would have ended his life by now. Hours after Geetika's suicide, a comment by one Mohit Lathar said he is a \"killer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592967", "title": "Norms eased for forest guard post", "text": "MUMBAI: CM Prithviraj Chavan has lifted the restriction on filling vacancies of forest guards. Nearly 1,000 posts would be filled up in two years. Selection norms have been eased to include a non-competitive walk of 25 km, concluding with a 5-km run. Also, the government on Tuesday issued a notification to declare parts of Sahyadri tiger reserve as a buffer zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592791", "title": "Govt denies city IIIT, gives Pharma Institution as sop", "text": "NAGPUR: After losing out on the Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) project and no surety yet on National Law School, the city is being offered consolation of sorts by the government with a state-run pharmacy college. Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope told TOI that Nagpur will get its first state-run pharmacy college soon that will be 'one of its kind'.\"The pharmacy institute will be of national level. The paperwork for the project has already begun and we are hopeful of giving you more concrete information soon,\" said Tope. The minister did not share location and the timeline for the project completion. \"I will check the details with my office to see where things stand now,\" he said.The government's decision to start the college here seems odd in the light of two private institutes shutting shop. Nagpur division, which comprises six districts, could manage only 825 admissions this session even though the intake capacity is at 930. Parshan Singh Kalsi, general secretary of Sikh Education Society, feels Nagpur region does not require a pharmacy college. \"Even we have a pharmacy college with an intake capacity of 60 and it is extremely difficult to get admissions. Colleges will continue to shut if we have to struggle for admissions like this. In fact the entire Common Admission Process (CAP) for pharmacy is a joke as supply of seats exceeds demand,\" he said.Gulabrao Thakre, who heads Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) in Nagpur, said, \"till last year we had 18 private colleges and one run by the university. From this year, two of private ones have shut down taking our total intake capacity to around 930.\" He added that he was unaware of the government's decision on setting up a pharmacy college in city.IIIT Pune partner backs outTOI had reported earlier that Nagpur and Amravati were in contention for an IIIT. The prestigious project has now been moved to Pune, it is still far from being a reality. Tope said, \"The IIIT is being set up in the private-public partnership (PPP) mode and our private partner is now hesitant to go ahead with it. We are trying to sort out the issue before the proposal can be sent to the Centre.\" HRD minister Kapil Sibal's office said that this academic year five IIITs were planned, but only four proposals from northern India have been cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15593006", "title": "Lawyers abstain from judicial work", "text": "LUCKNOW: Judicial work was paralysed across state on Tuesday, as more than three lakh lawyers abstained from work in support of the call of UP bar council. Council's chairman IM Khan told TOI that lawyers in all the districts boycotted courts and protested against the atrocities being done on the lawyers. He, however, condemned the act of the Allahabad High Court Bar Association for not boycotting courts and going against the council's cause. He said that he would issue notices to the members of the association and seek explanation.The council held a meeting on August 16, 2012 and condemned the rising incidents of atrocities against the lawyers in many districts. The council took note of the barbaric assault over senior advocate Krishna Raj Sirohi of Allahabad High Court, lathicharge on lawyers in Pratapgarh court campus, atrocities on Varanasi lawyers, kidnapping of two Sitapur lawyers Yatesh Kumar Singh and Ajit Pratap Singh, police misbehaviour with Banda advocate Narendra Awasthi, Jaunpur advocate JR Maurya, Lakhimpur advocate Sant Kumar, Rs 30 lakh loot in the house of senior advocate JR Arora in Meerut, loot of senior advocate VK Gupta and Anil Gupta of Meerut, attack by land mafia on advocate Tapsiram in Meerut and assault on president of Gorakhpur's collectorate bar association Dhirendra Tripathi and his son Ravindra Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15593007", "title": "Farmers to be linked with mega dairy project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan has directed the dairy development department to develop state's first 5 lakh litre capacity dairy plant in Lucknow and ensure participation of farmers from the neighboring districts.He said linking farmers with the dairy will ensure milk supply to the mega dairy and popularise government schemes for upgrading cattle breed and availability of good quality feed and fodder in the area.Alok Ranjan said to establish the ambitious dairy plant in Lucknow quickly, the officers concerned should have a unified command and for that dairy development department should prepare a special purpose vehicle (SPV). He said the dairy will be equipped with a modern plant and will be integrated with milk producing cattle, feed and fodder, veterinary hospitals, semen bank, research and development facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593157", "title": "Dam water only for drinking, standing crop: Collector", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Tuesday said that water stored in dams across the district cannot be used for sugarcane and newly sown crops.Deshmukh said that a meeting was held recently with officials of the state irrigation department wherein it was decide that fulfilling drinking water requirements of Pune and other towns will be the top priority followed by release of water for cultivation of fodder and irrigating standing crops. The irrigation department will follow the guidelines, he said.Deshmukh said that about 19 circles in Pune district received less than 25% of the expected rainfall. About 37 circles received up to 50% rainfall, 14 circles received up to 75% rainfall while 23 circles recorded more than 75% rain.The collector also said that the administration has planned to undertake fodder cultivation on about 20,000 hectare land in the district during the current year.Meanwhile, the collective water storage in four dams reached 22.27 TMC (76.40%) on Tuesday. Water storage in Panshet dam reached 85.61%, Varasgaon 75.44%, Khadakwasla 72.83% and Temghar 66.71%. Catchment areas did not get much water on Tuesday. Temghar, Panshet and Varasgaon recorded mere 2 mm rainfall each while Khadakwasla did not register any rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore/erode", "code": "15594299", "title": "Police awaiting govt approval to attach immovable properties of Susi Farms worth Rs 20 crore", "text": "COIMBATORE/ERODE: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) police have identified immovable assets worth Rs 20 crore belonging to Susi Emu Farms in Erode. The properties have been identified with the help of department of registration and now the police awaiting the state government's approval to attach the assets.\"We have identified the immovable assets of Susi Emu farm across the state and are waiting for government's approval to attach the properties. The five special teams are trying to nab the managing directors of Susi and Queen emu farms,\" said PR Venmathi, superintendent of police, EOW.The police have received 2,400 complaints from Erode against Susi and Queen emu farms and 600 complaints from Coimbatore and other districts. \"We have arrested seven culprits in connection with the emu farm scam. We are trying to seize money from the owners to be returned to investors,\" said Venmathi.Meanwhile, Erode district EOW police have arrested 49-year-old Kathirvel, hailing from Tirupur district, who was the general manager of Susi Emu farm at Perundurai on Tuesday, as he was signing some agreement copies. Kathirvel told police that he was joined the business in 2011 and the farm has collected Rs 131.43 crore from 8,633 investors across the state from April 2011 to June 2012. Susi Emu farm has collected money from 43 branches. He has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.R Anbazhagan, 26 of Udumalpet, who was working as a branch manager of Queen emu farm in Pollachi was arrested by Coimbatore EOW police recently. He has been in police custody on Tuesday. Officials said they have received 234 complaints worth Rs 5.50 crore against Susi Emu farm and 147 complaints worth Rs 3 crore against Queen emu farm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15598567", "title": "Soon, a robot as your virtual double", "text": "LONDON: Next time you are too busy to attend a party, you can send your virtual counterpart, an iPad robot instead! The 'Double' robot priced at $2,000 can turn your iPad into a 'virtual you' that can be sent anywhere in the world, the Daily Mail reported.It can move around, all controlled by your own iPad, and even adjust its height to make sure you are always at eye level, its owners have said. The gadget could be used to attend meetings, meet friends for lunch, and even visit art galleries around the world.\"You can stay at eye level, whether sitting or standing, by adjusting your height remotely, which makes conversations fluid and real,\" the firm behind the design, 'Double Robotics' was quoted as saying by the paper.\"Efficient motors and lightweight design give 'Double' the ability to last all day without recharging the battery,\" it said. The robot is based around a single wheel, which balances the robot as it moves, rather like a Segway.A retractable kickstand automatically deploys to conserve power when you are not moving around. The gadget has already proved a huge success , the firm said, with the first run already sold out, it said in a blog post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592912", "title": "HC tells govt to pay Rs 350 crore fee arrears to private colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a setback to the state government on the fee reimbursement issue, the Andhra Pradesh high court on Tuesday directed the state government to pay the fee arrears of Rs 350 crore to the private engineering colleges within two weeks and file a status report on the way the scheme is being implemented.A division bench comprising Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar passed this interim order while hearing a petition filed by the Private Engineering and Professional Colleges Managements Association.The association said the state had not been reimbursing the fee properly even after a direction from theSupreme court.\"Though it made some payments after the directive of the apex court, even those payments were irregular,\" the association contended and said it felt aggrieved by the attitude of the state.Meanwhile, in a related development, Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy heared the writ petition of a student, Puja Reddy. He directed the state and its Admission Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC) to furnish to the court by Wednesday the details of the fee it was proposing to collect from students.The petitioner wanted the state to notify the details of fee college-wise in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15598431", "title": "VVS Laxman's retirement leads to poor ticket sale", "text": "HYDERABAD: The absence of VVS Laxman, who announced his retirement ahead of the Test series against New Zealand, seems to have costed the Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA) dearly with a poor turnout expected for the Five-day match, beginning on Thursday.According to the HCA sources, only 2,500 tickets have been sold for the match in a 39,000 capacity Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium.\"We would be happy to see a crowd of 7,000 to 10,000. Ticket sales have been poor and the retirement of Laxman has compounded the woes,\" HCA executive committee member, Gerard Carr said.\"The Test match viewership is going down. But we expected the crowd to fill up to see a last glimpse of Laxman in India colours. But it won't happen,\" he added.Giving details of the collections from ticket sales, Carr said: \"Tickets worth around Rs 10 lakh have been sold for the entire five-day duration. This, however, does not include the online booking. We hope the crowd to fill up during the weekend.\"Hyderabad last hosted a Test in November 2010 against the same opposition -- New Zealand -- when both the teams dished out a drab draw.Brendon McCullum had slammed a double century in New Zealand's second innings, while Harbhajan Singh also scored an unbeaten century, even as the flat wicket had come for a severe criticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598473", "title": "Saturday night fever is on", "text": "For the members of the Green Screen Lab-2012, life was simple \u2014 work hard during the day and party harder at night. After roaming in and around Bhubaneswar and visiting heritage sites, the mentors and the budding script writers decided to get a feel of Odisha's nightlife last Saturday.The motley crew was joined by actor Anu Choudhury, who was looking fetching wearing a gorgeous red sari. When asked why she came to a nightclub wearing a sari, the actor explained, \"Actually I came to the party directly from an event. So, I didn't get the time to change.\" Not that Anu's sari prevented her from hitting the dance floor and she was joined by Nila Madhab, Onir, Tannishtha and Tirrtha.TOI also spotted Dominik, Sunny and Varun enjoying themselves to the hilt. \"After days of hard work, I'm really glad that we got a chance to party. I wish we could do it everyday,\" said Dominik. Arend was spotted having a serious discussion with Sannette and Jenny. When asked about why he was absent from the dance floor, Arend confessed, \"When it comes to dancing, I have to confess that I have two left feet. So, I decided to enjoy the party from the sidelines. But I must say that I'll miss these parties when I go back to Germany.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15593247", "title": "Burglars break locks of 30 shops in Hazaribag", "text": "Hazaribag: A sudden spurt in incidents of burglaries and other crime in Hazaribag over the last one week has created panic among residents here.In the latest incident, burglars broke open locks of 30 shops located on the daily market campus situated in the heart of the town on Monday night. The crime was detected on Tuesday morning when shopkeepers came to open their shops after the Eid festival.Hazaribag Sadar police station OC Dinesh Kumar Singh said there were reports of breaking of shutters and locks of several shops in the market but the robbers could take away cash from only one shop. He, however, said police have received some information that some of the criminals had come out of the jail recently. He said night patrolling would be intensified from Tuesday as a precautionary measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591716", "title": "Pascal's bail hearing on August 30", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice V Jagannathan on Tuesday adjourned to August 30 the hearing on a bail petition filed by Pascal Mazurier, deputy head of chancery at the French consulate, Bangalore, arrested on the charge of raping his three-and-half-year old daughter.On the prosecution's request, the court granted more time to file objections. Meanwhile, the counsel for Pascal raised objections when the counsel for Suja Jones-Mazurier mentioned that a private party has no business in the case which was already taken over by the prosecution.Pascal, 39, whose bail plea was dismissed by a City Fast Track Court on July 26, contended that the trial court had failed to appreciate that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity as per the Vienna Convention and also that the DNA test report had said the sample doesn't match his profile.RBI official to appear in courtA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed a senior official of the Reserve Bank of India connected to non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) to appear in court and explain the policy in court on September 13.Earlier, during the hearing of a PIL over the exorbitant rate of interest charged by Manappuram Finance and Muthoot Finance companies, the counsel for RBI informed the court that except housing and agriculture loans which are considered a priority sector, other things are left to the market to decide and the RBI does not exercise any control.He also informed the court that NBFCs have been asked to carry out business in a transparent manner while issuing licences. However, the bench was not convinced and observed that the RBI is hesitant to take action as it feels \"pressure\" because of the involvement of heavyweights/cartels in the sector.BBMP not to renew nirmala contractsThe bench also ordered for impleading Sulabh Shouchalaya in the petition. \"Somebody constructs it and you start making money out of that, as usual. You missed the bus (in this case). We'll appoint someone,\" the bench observed, before adjourning the hearing.The PIL is filed by R Lakshmi Prasad, a resident of Vijayanagar. The petitioner has challenged the January 22 order issued by BBMP to allot half these toilets to its own people for maintenance. He claims that after the expiry of the earlier contract, BBMP did not call for fresh tenders and toilets are also not properly maintained.Interim bail for autodriverJustice V Jagannathan granted interim bail to Murthy, an auto driver from Hulimavu, after his 'wife' Geetha told the court she wants to live with him along with her two-month-old baby.The judge asked them to furnish their marriage certificate before court on September 6, the next date of hearing. Interestingly, Murthy was arrested following a complaint by Geetha that he had raped her after promising to marry her. Though they loved each other, their families had objected to their marriage.Hearing on KEA counsellingA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen will take up on Wednesday the PIL filed by advocate K Sreedhar, challenging the move by Karnataka Examination Authority to postpone the second round of counselling relating to engineering seats from August 22 to 25.The bench also asked ComedK to inform the court about the last date to surrender seats. The petitioner complained that some vested interests are behind this move to help private colleges. He also stated that meritorious candidates are severely affected as they will not be able to choose seats in the best colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "15594972", "title": "Taps, cylinders stolen from IAS officer\u2019s house", "text": "BRS NAGAR: A theft was reported at the house of divisional commissioner of Ferozepur division, Raminder Singh, in D Block of BRS Nagar on Monday.Raminder resides in Ferozepur but has a house in BRS Nagar, which his caretaker Shalinder Sharma looks after.On Shalinder's complaint, police registered a case of theft against unidentified persons. In his complaint, Shalinder said burglars stole bathroom accessories, including taps and the toilet seat, bedding, two television sets and four gas cylinders from the house.\"Sarabha Nagar SHO Alam Vijay Singh said, \"We have received a theft complaint from Shalinder stating that the officer's house was robbed. In his complaint, the housekeeper said the place had been locked for a month and he used to visit it occasionally. He further said when he visited the house on Monday morning, he found the place ransacked.\"He added, \"Preliminary investigation revealed that the burglars entered the house after breaking the window of a room on first floor. We have collected fingerprints and started investigations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai/navi mumbai", "code": "15592753", "title": "Police reassure northeast natives", "text": "MUMBAI/NAVI MUMBAI: Assamese workers in Navi Mumbai's industrial belts have been reassured by the police that there is no reason to panic here.Several Assamese workers from MIDC in Taloja and the Mafco industrial yard at Vashi had left for their home towns last week following the clashes in Assam. The police and local authorities are now interacting with the Assamese to assure them that they are safe here.Senior Inspector of Taloja police station, Datta Ghule, said, \"This week I have visited over 30 companies in the MIDC area to tell the Assamese workers that we all are there to help them.\" Even the local gram panchayats have asked the workers not to believe any rumours.''The tide of migrants leaving Mumbai, too, has ebbed. Raju Chauhan, state secretary of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, (ABVP),said, \"Those who had made prior train reservations are leaving but we are counselling the remainder not to go. On Monday a group of Chakmas from Aurangabad arrived in Mumbai debating whether to take the morning train, but stayed back after we assured them of protection.\" ABVP elders and volunteers have been visiting Sydenham College, VJTI and Bandra Technical Institute in Mumbai apart from fanning out into engineering colleges across Jalgaon, Nashik and Nagpur to allay fears.The helpline run by My Home India has also been taking fewer panic calls \"since people realised the SMS threats did not originate within India\", says spokesperson Sadashiv Chavan.Volunteers say that like Bangalore where the northeasterners began returning Tuesday, a reverse migration will become visible in Mumbai as well.Ghule added that a particular TV news channel had falsely reported that a large number of Assamese had fled from Taloja. In all, there are around 2500 Assamese workers here; and barely 10% to 15% of them have left for Assam last week. So there is no exodus as such; and those who went are soon going to come back and join their companies,'' said Ghule.He urged the media not to sensationalise the issue as it may lead to confusion.Meanwhile, it is learnt that around 250 to 300 Assamese workers from the Mafco industrial yard at Vashi had also left for Assam last week out for concern for their families back home.There are over 60 units in Mafco yard where many Assamese are employed as labourers. Last week many of them had left for their villages after telling their employers that they will be back after a month or so,'' said an Assamese who stayed back and continued to work at a milk dairy plant in Mafco.Around 20 Assamese from a bread manufacturing unit had also left for Assam, which caused delays in delivering the bread packages to the local shops in Navi Mumbai and Mumbai.There has never been any communal tension in Navi Mumbai. Even in 1992-93 when there were riots in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai was peaceful. So Assamese workers have nothing to fear while attending to their work here,'' said the supervisor of a branded bread company at Mafco yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15591993", "title": "Arsenal's Ricketts joins Dempo", "text": "PANAJI: You would think Rohan Ricketts has seen it all.He has trained under Arsene Wenger, made his debut against Manchester United , witnessed matches being fixed, has been accused of stealing, seen players drink in the dressing room before a game and, bizzarely, has had four coaches train him in three months at the same club.But come September 1 and even Ricketts would not know what awaits him. The former Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur footballer formally completed his exceptional move to Dempo Sports Club and then promised to \"bring football alive\" in India. Ricketts is the biggest-profile player to play in India. But the 29-year old striker who was once considered by Sven Goran Erikksson to represent England at the World Cup more importantly believes his move will make several top-rank players think about India.\"I am already getting a lot of calls from top players, asking how the scene is in India. I am sure my move (to Dempo) will send positive signals all across,\" Ricketts told TOI after he signed for Dempo at the club's headquarters in the city on Tuesday.Ricketts trained with the I-League champions for four days and played two friendlies, setting up goals in both the games. He has found himself extremely comfortable in the company of Climax Lawrence and the likes, and believes if it was not for Dempo, he would have thought twice about making the move to India.\"These players play in extreme conditions. The standard is competent but not intense. May be it's the heat that affects but I also noticed thatthe players are not trained properly at a young age. Another factor that makes a huge difference is their decision making.\"India will be a huge challenge. Dempo is already a champion side so the challenge is to take the team a notch higher. I want to make an impact on the league and be a part of the evolution. I want to inspire the youth,\" said Ricketts, who last played for Irish champions Shamrock Rovers , the first team from Ireland to feature in the group stages of a UEFA tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592559", "title": "Suspicious man enters airport, arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major security scare, a man in his 30s entered the airport premises after scaling the boundary wall on Tuesday evening. The intruder even managed to knock down CISF jawan Inderjit Jha and tried to snatch his rifle before being overpowered.Based on a voter identity card recovered from his possession, the intruder was identified as Ananta Nayak from West Midnapore district in West Bengal. The voter card is said to have been issued from the Jhargram region of the district, which has strong a Naxal presence.Police said that Nayak was spotted near the fire station on the airport premises. Jha, who was posted on watch tower no. 7, saw the man of a medium but fit build scaling the wall and immediately asked him to stop and raise his arms.Nayak stopped on the spot while Jha climbed down from the tower. As the jawan was approaching Nayak, the man suddenly hit him with a slingshot contraption made from a couple of stones wrapped in a towel that was tied around his waist. The device hit Jha's rifle and broke its butt. Nayak then kicked the jawan in the crotch, sending him sprawling. Nayak then tried to snatch the rifle from Jha.Hearing the commotion, a man who was inside the fire station rushed out. Jha and the other man then overpowered Nayak. A quick response team also reached the spot and took Nayak into custody.During questioning at Sonegaon police station, Nayak claimed he was part of a group of 39 people who were headed to Gujarat but had got left behind and was lost. Personnel from intelligence agencies had joined police in questioning Nayak until late in the night. Police claimed that he was not forthcoming and giving evasive answers.Nayak's fitness and agility, the improvised slingshot, his origin from a Naxal-affected area and his non-cooperation during questioning raise several questions about his origin and intentions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594310", "title": "MoEF takes a U-turn on tourism ban in core of tiger reserves", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after the Supreme Court relied on the government's guidelines to ban tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, making popular destinations like Corbett National Park out of bounds for wildlife enthusiasts, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on Tuesday did an about turn, telling the court that it needed to re-think the guidelines.The SC's July 24 order banning tourism in core areas had led to loud protests from states and thriving commercial ventures in and around tiger reserves. The ministry, which had gone to great lengths to finalize the detailed guidelines, appears to have wilted under political and commercial pressure and sought time from the court to review its \"finalized\" guidelines.On July 9, MoEF filed the 'Guidelines for Ecotourism in and around Protected Areas' in the apex court and said, \"Any core area in tiger reserve from which relocation has been carried out will not be used for tourism activities.\"The guidelines were based on key recommendations of the Tiger Task Force (2005) and were in sync with Section 38(v) of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 (as amended in 2006), which defined core/critical wildlife habitats as such areas that needed to be kept inviolate for tiger conservation without affecting the rights of Scheduled Tribes or forest dwellers.But on Tuesday, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) functioning under the MoEF in its affidavit through advocate Wasim A Qadri said the Union government had received inputs and suggestions from states in the context of the SC's interim order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves and that it needed time to consider them.\"The states have expressed concern that many local people depend on tourism for their livelihood and hence stoppage of tourism in core areas of tiger reserves would result in loss of such income leading to discontent which may be a threat to wildlife and forests,\" the NTCA said.\"Besides, the common citizen would be deprived of an opportunity to appreciate our natural heritage. Further, concerns have been expressed from various quarters on the process adopted by states in notifying the buffer areas of tiger reserve,\" it said.Citing the loss of income to local population and people being deprived of appreciating wildlife heritage, the Union government requested the court to permit it to \"review the guidelines and conduct more consultations with all stakeholders including state governments and representatives of local and indigenous communities besides reviewing the process adopted by states in notifying buffer areas of tiger reserves\".But in the guidelines submitted to the court on July 9, the Centre was well aware of the tourism activities happening in core areas of tiger reserves. \"Given that tourism has been happening in these core/critical areas, there is a need for phasing this out and moving it to peripheral/buffer areas to benefit local communities,\" it had said.\"Within five years, permanent facilities located inside of core tiger habitat/critical wildlife habitat, which are being used for wildlife tourism, should be phased out,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597593", "title": "We Are All Sikhs - conveying a message", "text": "Nix Bhachu, Harvi Bhachu, Sati Chohan &amp; Hargo Boparai shared their thoughts with each other shortly after the Oak Creek Wisconsin Gurudrwara tragedy. With heavy interests in music, they decided what better way to express their feelings of sadness and pain than by creating a song. After discussing the song's concept and effective ways of communicating their emotions, while honouring victims and creating awareness, 'We Are All Sikhs' was put to life over one weekend.With the rapping of Fateh Singh (Young Fateh), also originally from California, the song has a powerful message that needs to be heard.The song is accompanied by a video that portrays powerful images &amp; video clips. In addition, subtitles explaining the lyrics accompany the video so that even those who cannot understand Punjabi, can understand the powerful meaning of the song.We encourage you to share this video your friends , Indian, non-Indian, all colors, all creeds. We are all one 'We Are All Sikh'.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15594775", "title": "Morning ragas of classical music to reverberate at ghats soon", "text": "VARANASI: Soon the majestic riverfront of Varanasi will wake up with the sublime morning ragas of Hindustani classical music like todi, ahir bhairav, bhairav, ramkali and others that evoke different moods among the listeners. The cultural department is set to introduce the performance of morning ragas at Asi ghat.\"We have already completed the formalities like selection of site and artistes. The proposal has been sent to the headquarters of the cultural department. We are hopeful that it will start in September,\" Ratnesh Verma, chief of the regional cultural centre said while talking to TOI on Tuesday. It is a new initiative to preserve and propagate the cultural heritage of Varanasi. Banaras or Varanasi is known for its music and it needs patronage from all sections of the society. The city has a tradition of temple music, which is considered as the spiritual offering to the deity. But, unfortunately it is at the verge of extinction. Being a seat of learning, a characteristic of the city was the Vedic recital in accordance with the variation of forms and regional dimensions, he added.\"The main concept behind the initiation of morning raga performance on the banks of Ganga is to keep the tradition alive,\" he said and added that the ragas would be rendered by both vocalists and instrumentalists. The musicians appreciated this approach and they are willing to perform music during daybreak. Initially, it would be started at Asi Ghat and in later course at other ghats with the help of local music lovers.The cultural department had also prepared an internal cultural development plan of Varanasi, he said. The plan includes components like sacred spots of the city, revival of ceremonies and rituals and preservation of shrines and ghats. It has been decided to select around 100 sacred spots like temples, monasteries, mosques, churches and other places. These should be protected and preserved and renovated without losing the original texture. Besides, a holistic programme should be chalked out for revival of ceremonies, festivals, rituals and fairs at the holy places. Most of the early and medieval shrines have ruined but whatever remains should be protected. The ghats of Varanasi are known across the world and such a panoramic view is extremely rare. Besides proper repair and maintenance, it must be ensured that some of the modern buildings have to be modified in order to blend with the oriental look of ghats.The historical remains of the bygone era scattered here and there often become the prey to antique lifters. It is necessary to protect such spot. It is essential to create museum, which will impart the glimpses of the totality of Indian culture of which Banaras has been the capital since time immemorial. This should house artifacts, utensils used in temples, ceremonies and rituals. The city's culture is known for its continuity and this basic feature should be strengthened by installing a few complexes, which can be known as shilpgram. These will help in revitalizing the traditional arts and crafts, wooden toys, terracotta, village handicrafts and other related items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15592010", "title": "Nicollet faces tough test", "text": "BANGALORE: Playing her first event after earning a spot on the Ladies European Tour , local lass Sharmila Nicollet will be the cynosure when the season-opening Hero-KGA Women's Professional Golf event gets under way here on Wednesday.Although Sharmila may not have really set the fairways on fire or made heads turn with her performances so far on the European Tour, the 21-year-old can be a different proposition altogether at a place she calls her second home - KGA.Having played most of her golf at the KGA, Sharmila knows the course like the back of her hand and should figure, if not on top, prominently on the leaderboard. And with a host of other pros pushing her in the last year or so, it will be a tough battle ahead for the tall pro in the Rs 10- lakh event, billed as one of the two Majors on the WGAI Tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15593314", "title": "Ranchi zone DIG tells cops to maintain law &amp; order", "text": "Lohardaga: DIG (Ranchi zone) Sheetal Oraon on Tuesday instructed police officers for better policing on his first visit to Lohardaga after assuming the charge.He said this while speaking to police officers including superintendent of police (SP)Jitendra Kumar Singh, additional superintendent of police (ASP) Madusudan Bari, SDPO Ram Gulam Sharma and DSP Anil Kumar Jha at a meeting in the district police headquarters.He instructed the officers to maintain law and order and maintain peace.SP JK Singh said it was a routine visit of the DIG who reviewed departmental work and issued instructions on crime control and to lessen pendency of cases and be friendly with common man by solving their problems as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595268", "title": "Toddler drowns in bucketful of water", "text": "KOLKATA: A toddler died after drowning in a bucket of water while trying to pick up a brush he had thrown in it. The two-and-a-half-year-old boy had put his head into the bucket first, lost control and drowned, while his father was fast asleep in their rented ground floor home at Vivekananda Park near Thakurpukur on Tuesday.Jeet Maika, the boy, was lying by his father Sanjoy, while his mother Tapati was out on her regular morning walk. Jeet suddenly got off the bed around 6am and walked into the adjoining bathroom. \"In the bathroom, he got into a playful mood and threw a floor brush into a bucket full of water, that surpassed Jeet's chest in height. After throwing it in, he tried to pick it up from the bottom of the bucket. While doing so, he lost his control and fell into the bucket with his head down and feet up. As a result, water entered his mouth and nostrils, suffocating the child,\" said sources.Tapati, a housewife and a patient of diabetes, returned home around 6.15am and was unnerved to find her husband sleeping without the baby by his side. She looked around the room and kitchen and even knocked on her landlady Brototi Bhowmik's doors on the top floor of the two-storied house. On not finding Jeet there either, Tapati remembered that she forgot to search the bathroom. She came back to her room with Brototi to search the bathroom and was taken aback to find Jeet inside the bucket with his head down. Brototi lifted Jeet out of the bucket and they took him to a local nursing home, where he was declared brought dead. Tapati said she was reluctant to go out on her morning walk in the rain on Tuesday. \"I would not have lost my child, had I stayed home today,\" said an unconsolable Tapati. Sanjoy said he didn't hear any sound from the bathroom when his son was inside.Tapati and Sanjoy started staying in a part of the ground floor of Brototi's house on rent around two-and-a-half years back. Tapati, who had suffered a miscarriage earlier, was then pregnant with Jeet. Jeet's body was first sent to the Katapukur morgue, from where it was taken to the Hindu burial ground in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598423", "title": "Katrine Kobe wants to learn odia", "text": "Katrine Kobe, who will be making her debut in the Odia film titled My Love Story, wants to learn Odia so that she can speak the language in the film. \"I have done short films in India but this is the first time that I will be playing the lead.I am waiting to visit Odisha in the middle of September. Since I am a professional actor, I want to learn the language and speak my own lines. Director Deepak Panda is my friend. I'm glad to be making my debut opposite him.\" Ask her about her experiences of shooting an ad with Shah Rukh and she says, \"He was simply wonderful. I was a little apprehensive but he made sure that I was at ease while shooting the ad. Shah Rukh Khan is extremely popular in my country. While shooting, he said he would pray for all of us so that the ad turned out well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595139", "title": "Now, dial 1073 to rein in rogue auto drivers", "text": "KOLKATA: If an auto rickshaw driver misbehaves with you, just dial 1073 and make a complaint to police control. You don't have to remember the number even.The government has also made it mandatory for auto rickshaw drivers to display the four-digit number on their vehicles, said state transport minister Madan Mitra after a high-level meeting at the Writers' Buildings on Tuesday.Mitra announced the government decision as a follow up measure of the auto rage at Sinthee More on Monday in which a girl was injured. \"Driving licence of the offending auto driver Sanjay Das and that of the taxi driver, who had created nuisance at Howrah, will be cancelled. We will also scrap their route permits,\" the transport minister said.Mitra then appealed to auto and taxi unions to help the police identify the offenders. \"We have got complaints from commuters during the peak evening hours from half past seven to nine in the night. I would ask union members to be present at all the auto stands and the police have been instructed to cancel the permits of auto drivers if any serious offence is committed by them,\" Mitra said.The government has also banned playing music or music channelsby auto drivers while on the road. \"Music systems and LED lighting decoration in autos are from now on banned. Massive penalty will be imposed according to the rules if any kind of music systems are found in autos. No lighting decoration will be allowed either,\" the minister said, adding that the drivers can't even listen to songs on FM while driving.The transport minister reiterated that the state directive that asks auto drivers not to carry more than four passengers. \"The police have been instructed not to chase any offending auto or to stop the traffic signal to stop them. The police will just inform through wireless to the next stop, where the traffic police are posted where the offending vehicle will be intercepted,\" Mitra added.Also, no auto driver will be allowed to smoke while driving and identity cards have to be issued to all auto drivers. \"It has been noticed that many auto drivers are driving even without a driving licence. We are also asking all the unions that no driver will be able to drive for the next six months if their permit gets cancelled.\"The minister blamed it on the central Motor Vehicles Act that has come in the way of booking offenders. \"There are some problems which is relevant for our state but may not be relevant for other states. We want some amendment in the act, so that we can take stern action against any serious offence committed by auto or taxi drivers,\" Mitra said. He also said the police will conduct weekly or periodical workshops for auto and taxi drivers to see that they know all the roads and places in the city. \"The drivers who will attend the workshops will be given certificates. The transport department will bear all the cost,\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594411", "title": "Minority tag to 71 Kerala educational institutions in a single sitting sparks row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The grant of minority status to 71 educational institutions of Kerala by the National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions (NCMEI) in a single sitting has raised hackles within the panel as well as the HRD ministry for doling out of minority certificates without due diligence.In January, when NCMEI granted minority status to 71 institutions, two of its members \u2014 Mohinder Singh and Cyriac Thomas \u2014 wrote to chairperson M S A Siddiqui pointing out that the files of many institutions were not in order. In fact, in few cases the vakalatnama by the advocate did not bear his signature. Even required affidavits were not in the files. The two members asked Siddqui as to how the secretary of NCMEI cleared 71 applications and told members that these cases were in order. The duo requested Siddiqui to review minority status to the 71 institutions by the full bench of the commission.Siddiqui admitted two members of NCMEI had objected to the manner in which these institutions were given minority status. \"We have reviewed their case and final order is pending,\" he said. He denied large scale granting of minority status to institutions. \"All rules are being followed,\" he said, adding that till state government's minority department gives clearance, and NCMEI does not grant minority status. He cited the instance of an institute that had sought minority status on the ground that the promoter was a Sikh by birth, who had removed his hair and turban. When complaints and counter-complaints came about the institute, he said, all records were verified. \"Even UP government's minority affairs department said promoters were minority,\" he said.However, NCMEI sources point out that ever since National Council for Teacher Education banned opening of new institutions imparting B.Ed courses except by minorities, many promoters are claiming they belong to minority community and have even produced certificate to back their claims. In some cases from Uttar Pradesh it was noticed that the promoters said they have converted to Christianity and in few other cases even to Buddhism. \"A big lobby is at work misusing the minority status. The rot has set in deep,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15598507", "title": "Facebook to remove hate speech, content that incites violence", "text": "WASHINGTON: In the backdrop of appeals by India to remove hate posts, world's largest social networking website Facebook on Wednesday said it will remove content, block pages or even disable accounts of those users who upload contents that incite violence or perpetuate hate speech.Comprehending the gravity, Facebook's stern warning to its users comes in the wake of the Indian government bringing to its notice the posting of contents, including inflammatory matters and doctored pictures and videos to create social unrest in the country.\"Facebook will remove content which breaches our terms as set out in our Statement of Rights and Responsibilities. Content or individuals can be removed from Facebook for a variety of reasons including issuing direct calls for violence or perpetuating hate speech,\" a Facebook spokesperson said.\"We have received requests from Indian authorities and agencies and are working through those requests and responding to the agencies. We encourage people to continue to use our tools to report content they are concerned about so that we can investigate and take action fast,\" the spokesperson said when asked about the actions being taken by the company.Given the gravity of the situation , which the social networking site officials term \"an emergency situation\" a large number of Facebook employees are working round the clock in both India and the US to review and monitor the content and take necessary action, which the company says is part of its social responsibilities.In fact, Facebook has already removed quite a significant number of such \"inflammatory\" and \"hate\" contents from its website and in some cases blocked pages.However, because of the company policy and privacy reasons, its official would not quantify the number of such actions.If any user repeatedly tries to upload such hateful content, Facebook can even disable the account, said an official requesting anonymity as he was not allowed to speak to the press on this issue.Expressing serious concern over the current situation in India wherein people have tried to use Facebook as a tool to incite violence or spread hate, the official said Facebook has taken a number of measures to prevent this.The company is taking a cue from its 2010 experience of riots in London wherein it closely worked with local police to prevent its website being used by hatemongers for either gathering purposes or spread rumors.The Facebook, the official said, is \"pretty aligned\" with the views of the Indian government on this and have \"not run into any issues\" with the government.\"We understand the gravity of the situation,\" the official said, adding that the company has intensified the monitoring of such content related to India.Facebook has some 50 million users in India. Company officials urged users to remain alert on any such inflammatory or objectionable posting and keep it informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594136", "title": "Special status NGO slams CM's quip", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement that special status for Goa is not on top of his priority list has left the Movement for special status for Goa (MSSG) disappointed. Antonio Lobo, convener of MSSG, a representative body of Goa fighting for the cause, said that to reportedly say that special status for Goa is not a top priority \"is akin to saying that the CM is not realizing the seriousness of the issue\". The disappointment in the group is palpable as Lobo said that the \"MSSG is resolved to taking the matter to the people of Goa so that they start acting\".\"When our delegation, which included two ministers Francisco D'Souza and Alina Saldanha, had a meeting with the CM (on August 14), he had promised to take up the issue of special status, with the PM on August 17,\" Lobo said.MSSG founder member Prajal Sakhardande strongly felt that the government should take up the issue on top priority. \"With that everything will fall in place and the destruction of all kinds-land grab, destruction of forest, erosion of identity, etc-will stop,\" he told TOI. Referring to Parrikar's statement on Monday that his first priority is to 'clean up Goa' and that the clamour for special status can be taken up \"over a period of time\", Lobo said that \"we are already late and there is no time to wait\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15595238", "title": "Mystery grips Urumqi as Apsara statue demolished", "text": "BEIJING: An 18-feet statue of 'flying Apsara' has been demolished in the Muslim-dominated Urumqi city in western China 11 days after it was put up at a major intersection by the local municipal authorities. No reason for the demolition has been cited but it is possible that authorities faced resistance from local Muslims, sources said.Local officials said they would henceforth be careful about choosing themes for future statues. Reports in the local media said the 40-tonne statue was demolished by 20 workers, who came with cranes and pickup vehicles to clear the debris.\"We were disappointed that this statue based on Hindu-Buddhist theme was put up in the month of Ramazan. People are still asking who took such an unwise decision,\" a Uighur Muslim businessman told TOI.The Chinese media also published unhappy comments from local residents saying it was difficult for \"some Muslim ethnic groups to accept a statue of a semi-clad woman'' on a major city intersection. There were thousands of postings on the Chinese internet and micro blogging sites complaining it was ungainly and affected the image of Urumqi city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594258", "title": "Lalitha Mahal, Mysore zoo have no khata, says minister", "text": "MYSORE: Read this carefully: the majestic Lalitha Mahal Palace and the Mysore zoo have no khata certificates, and the Karanji Lake lacks the documents to suggest it's a public property. Worse, some 100 acres of prime land at the Chamundi foothills have no records.Yet, the revenue officials have registered land and issued khata certificates, allowed land alienation and change of land use. And the Chamundi foothills land controversy just got more interesting.Following the controversy surrounding a ruling by the deputy commissioner's court on the prime land at Kurbarhalli survey No. 4 located at the foothills, district minister S A Ramdas was startled on studying the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598814", "title": "Dulquer to save Mammootty's Samrajyam", "text": "Dulquer Salmaan is playing male lead in the second part of Mammootty's megahit film 'Samrajyam'. It is a very auspicious moment in Malayalam film industry that the actor's son is doing the second part of the same film.The famous Tamil director Perarasu is directing this film. Initially, Prithviraj wqas selected for the project but he moved back from the project due to date issue. So Dulquer has got the opportunity to safe his father's 'Samrajyam'.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594200", "title": "Land row: Mysore royals lash out at govt", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore royal family is upset and angry with the Karnataka government for its \"witchhunt\".\"Our family has been singled out and successive governments are harassing us. The officials don't get us a simple document such as a katha certificate for the land that belongs to us,\" Maharani Pramoda Devi Wadiyar said on Tuesday lashing out at the official machinery for the first time in many years.\"Perhaps, tolerance, honesty and forthrightness are a disqualification to be successful in this otherwise competitive world,\" she added.What has upset the royal family is the recent controversy surrounding an order by the deputy commissioner's court on June 20 pertaining to land disputes in Kurbarhalli survey number 4, Alanahalli survey number 41 and Chowdhalli survey number 39. Except Chowdhalli, the other two plots are at the foothills of Chamundi Hills, a prime property. Put together there are 2,089 acres in these survey numbers.BJP MLC G Madhusudhan, referring to the order, has accused the DC P S Vastrad of pandering to the interests of the real estate lobby. He has complained to the CM leading to the withdrawal of the controversial order. The MLC had claimed that the land was not part of the private properties attached to Maharaja Jayachamaraja Wadiyar.Displaying documents, including the agreement that the late maharaja had signed with the Union government on January 23, 1950 where the government conceded and recognized various moveable and immoveable properties, Wadiyar said that Kurbarhalli survey number 4 is listed as private property. But the officials are not processing our request to issue documents including katha certificate to us. Every time we approach them, they say they are taking legal opinion and refuse to give in writing that they will not issue the katha certificate. \"The heirs have suffered repeated harassment and humiliation at the hands of various government agencies,\" she said.Referring to the government's move to acquire the opulent Mysore Palace, she said, the high court on November 6, 1997 held that taking over management of the Mysore Palace by virtue of a government order is void-ab-initio and directed the state government to hand back the management to the royal family. The Supreme Court also upheld the order. \"Subsequently, hostility of state government was expressed by way of initiating acquisition proceedings with regard to the Mysore Palace and Bangalore Palace,\" she said, adding all political parties have harassed the family. There could be a political conspiracy too, she stated.Coming as it did ahead of Dasara season, the officials are jittery even as district minister S A Ramdas admitted that the issues raised by the royal family have not been addressed. He attributed it to officials' apprehensions but contended that it'll open a Pandora's Box.Maharani hints at legal recourse  The Mysore maharani Pramoda Devi Wadiyar on Tuesday said deputy commissioner P S Vastrad has been compelled to withdraw his June 20 order on land cases. According to her, the order was in order as it was based on facts.She indicated that they could question it in a court of law. \"We'll take legal opinion and decide,\" she said.Though maharaja Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar was a four-time MP, we didn't influence the officials to issue katha certificate for the Kurbarhalli and Alanahalli land. \"One loses faith in the system if the authorities are compelled to reverse decisions arrived at after much deliberation,\" she said.Since over four decades, the officials have dithered over issuing katha certificate for our properties. Now that the land is in focus given the boom in real estate in Mysore, it has caught the attention now, she felt.The maharani held that there are fake documents created to grab the land. But there are genuine land owners who have got land registered which is valid since it was gifted to them or purchased. They should be protected, she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595124", "title": "Specialist doctors give govt bond a go-by", "text": "CHENNAI: The state is reeling under a severe shortage of specialist doctors, but this doesn't stop the government from sending them to places where their knowledge is wasted.Every year, the state insists that specialists trained in government medical colleges sign a bond mandating them to work in the government sector for at least three years or pay the government 10 lakh. Each year, the bond is broken and students take the government to court.This year nearly 100 doctors passed out of various super-specialty courses from different hospitals, but several doctors did not join duty where they were posted as they feel they would not be doing justice to their specialty. For instance, a doctor in surgical endocrinology has been asked to do general surgery at a district hospital in Kancheepuram, which does not have the facilities to do thyroid surgeries.Many who graduated as specialists a few weeks ago said they would neither join government service nor pay up. \"It is not our fault, the postings are irrational,\" said a plastic surgeon, who graduated from Madras Medical college. \"I was a general surgeon at a district hospital. I worked hard to study a super-speciality course. They posted me back to another district hospital, where I will have to work as a general surgeon. The place has no facilities for plastic surgery,\" he said.With him were surgical endocrinologists, surgical gastroenterologists and neonatologists, who had recently passed out. Barring neurosurgeons, cardiologists, cardiothoracic surgeons and urologists, doctors from other specialties were asked to return to district headquarters hospitals. \"I don't mind going back to the district, if they allow me to establish a department. People there also need such surgeries. Why should we work as postgraduate doctors after training to become specialists,\" asked a surgical gastroenterologist.Health department officials said they had no choice and that specialists were posted in all existing vacancies. \"We can't start a department because we have a doctor. We need a team and infrastructure. We have assured the doctors that they will be posted as specialists when there is a vacancy,\" said a senior official.The government said it was also considering making bonds mandatory only for courses that have demand in the government sector. For the rest, the directorate of medical education could increase the fees to be on a par with private colleges and allow students to take up jobs in the private sector. But the state government doctors' association is against this.This year, more than 80% of seats in cardiac surgery and 50% in neurosurgery and vascular surgery. More than half the super-specialty seats in paediatric and plastic surgery are vacant.The main reasons for this decline, students say, is the government bond. This year, students were told to work for five years or pay 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594737", "title": "Apply online for guest faculty in govt colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: The online applications for guest faculties in government colleges can be submitted from August 24 to 28.During the period, applicants will also have to get their documents verified in a government college.According to an official release, the candidates who have already applied need not apply again. However, they can re-select option of the college as per wish.Divisional regional additional director will publish the merit list and allot college for the first time on August 31. Applicant will have to report to allotted college between September 1 and 3. The second allotment will be made on September 5. Following this, applicant will have to report again at concerning college from September 6 to 8, where college principal will select candidates through interview. Detailed information is also available on the departmental website regarding this.Provisions for SC, ST and disabled applicants: Concession of 5 marks has been granted in minimum academic qualification of graduate and post-graduate scheduled caste, scheduled tribe and disabled applicants. For merit at post-graduate level, after 50 % obtained marks, one mark will be counted as one mark for these candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594640", "title": "RTO to launch drive against autos without meters", "text": "INDORE: Autorickshaw commuters in the city are enraged over autowalahs not charging fare by the meters. Taking up the cause, the reigional transport office is all set to launch a drive against such autowalahs charging abrupt fare to the commuters.Regional Transport Officer, Sanjay Soni said that the department will soon launch a drive in coordination with Traffic Police against erring Autowalahs who do not use meter for travelling. \"We are planning to launch the drive soon. We routinely inspect the auto fares to sort out the problem and those who are caught are penalized.\"A quick survey conducted by TOI found out that the commuters are irked by the nuisance and want the launch of meter fare system in the city on the lines of leading metros. The commuters say, auto drivers fleece the passengers by skipping the use of meters.Shweta Shrivastav, a housewife who frequently hires autorickshaws, said, \"The autowalahs in the city never use meters for charging fare. As such, we have to shell out more bucks even for a small distance ride. Things get worse in rainy season as they use the opportunity to mint huge bucks by charging much more than the reasonable fare.\"Shushila Kanadia, a resident of Vijay Nagar, said, \"Even for short distance ride, they charge above Rs 40 and when asked about taking the charge as per the meter, they fare by meter will be much more.\"Ira Bhardwaj, a student, said, \"For ride from the University to Tower Square, they charge Rs 40. This is quite unreasonable and needs to be checked. Their arrogance is yet another problem.\"Deepak Meena, a BCom student, said, \"For a ride from station to Vijaynagar that will consume petrol worth not more than Rs 20, the autowalahs charge anything above Rs 100. The reason is they are not accountable to any one.\"Indore Auto Union President Hazi Sher Ali said that he had lodged several complaints with the RTO and traffic police but in vain. \"Police take them very leniently. Even if they are caught, they are let go after a challan,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591994", "title": "More names from Kanda\u2019s HR team under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fortnight into the Geetika Sharma suicide probe, police believe main accused Gopal Kanda's human resource team may have played a big role in driving the 23-year-old former air hostess to despair. After Aruna Chaddha, HR manager with Kanda's MDLR Group, they are examining the involvement of two other personnel \u2014 Khushboo Sinha and Shivroop \u2014 in harassing Geetika. Both were questioned on Tuesday.A day after TOI reported on Khushboo's suspected role in the case, police sources said she was closely associated with Geetika and Aruna, and the company AKG Infrabuild, in which Geetika had a share, was in fact named after the three women (Aruna, Khushboo, Geetika). In the initial days of investigation, Geetika's family had told TOI that this firm was not transacting any business, and this was the main reason for Geetika wanting to quit Kanda's group.Sources said the three women were joint owners of the company, with Chaddha being its director and Geetika vice-president. Kanda allegedly funded the company. Presenting these findings in court on Tuesday, the prosecutor also mentioned that a bunch of documents recovered from the MDLR office showed that a company, Aroma Foods, was started in the name of Aruna and her father, and later renamed AKG Infrabuild.Police had earlier told court that they had recovered the records of MDLR Group's Sundale Educational Society, of which Geetika was president and Aruna the secretary, and of AKG Infrabuild.Khushboo's role came under scrutiny after it was found that some mails were sent to Geetika from her laptop. Geetika's family had also reported that Khushboo called them a number of times on their landline, claiming to be from DU, after Geetika came back from Dubai in 2010. Geetika had reportedly shouted at her once for repeatedly disturbing her. Later, Khushboo had told them that Kanda had asked her to call Geetika, the family claimed. Khushboo reportedly lives a few houses away from Kanda's Gurgaon residence.While police hope to get some leads from Khushboo's questioning, Ankita, one of the two women named in Geetika's suicide note, remains elusive. However, police have found out that Geetika was under pressure to withdraw the case of theft she had lodged against Ankita and actress Nupur Mehta. While the two had reportedly submitted a formal apology, Geetika was not willing to withdraw the case, a source said.Kanda had even tried to convince Geetika's parents to settle the case when they travelled together to Shirdi. Police told court that he had bought a piece of land in the name of Geetika's father, to influence him, but cancelled the deal later.Investigations have also revealed the odd staffing situation at Kanda's now defunct MDLR Airline. \"The total requirement for running MDLR was just 64 personnel. Usually, the cabin crew is 10% of the total strength but when MDLR was shut down, the number of air hostesses on the rolls was more than 60,\" said a source.Ankita was working in Delhi as ground staff in the front office division when the airline was launched. When Kanda bought two casinos in Goa \u2014 Mint Club and the floating Casino Rio \u2014 Ankita and other staff were sent there. Casino Rio's licence expired after a year. Kanda spent close to Rs 5 crore each on these ventures. Not many know that he also owns a casino in Nepal, where he is suspected to have hidden for a few days when he went underground after Geetika's suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15591929", "title": "Michael Holding has a problem with BCCI", "text": "MUMBAI: Michael Holding has an immense dislike for the BCCI's style of functioning. Just like the West Indies team of the 70s and 80s that harboured a great deal of contempt for the manner in which the English and the Aussies ruled world cricket, Holding feels the Indian board of today is no different when it comes to money and power.The movie, 'Fire in Babylon', based on West Indies cricket of the 70s and 80s, which premiered in the Caribbean last year and releases in India next month, focuses on an era when apartheid was at the forefront.Holding feels the Indian board wields too much power, which is not good for the game. \"I have no sympathy for India,\" he had said some time back, and still holds the same opinion. \"They have too much power. I do not believe any country should be able to dictate to the rest of the world,\" adds the former pace bowling great.His grudge perhaps stems from his days as a cricketer when, if you weren't an English or an Australian, you were just another country trying to pick up the Queen's game. Today, he feels, it's the same story if you're not bowing down to the Indian board's diktats.Whether it's opposing the Decision Review System (DRS), or calling the shots in the ICC, Holding's belief is that the BCCI's inclination to dictate terms to other member boards at all times is certainly detrimental to the game.A few weeks ago, former England captain Tony Greig too held similar views when speaking about the Indian board. \"India is pre-occupied with earning money and playing Twenty20 and has sold part of the game to private interests,\" he had said. Ironically, to Greig goes the credit of inspiring West Indies cricket in the 70s. Had it not been for his famous 'grovel' comment back then, Lloyd &amp; Co, of which Holding was a part, wouldn't have struck back with such vengeance. The movie 'Fire in Babylon' begins with Greig's foot-in-the-mouth comment.\"It's a great movie in the manner in which it compliments West Indies cricket of that era,\" says Holding. \"The storytelling is good and the purpose, to make the younger generation sit up and take note of West Indies cricket achieved, should serve.\" He speaks about a cricket board (West Indies) seeped with infighting, has continuing issues with cricketers and suffers for lack of funds owing to mismanagement among other things. \"Politics has always been a big deal in Caribbean. That won't change,\" he says.He has little to say about Australian cricket either that saw its domestic cricket eaten into last season because of the more fancied Big Bash. He also has nothing to say about England, who lost the three-Test series 0-2 to lose their No. 1 ranking to the Proteas. The series was initially a four-match affair without ODIs. It was converted into a three-match series to accommodate five ODIs.But BCCI , in Holding's opinion, is the villain that stands for all that is wrong. \"Kumar Sangakkara recently spoke about how administrators have to come together to bring in the change,\" he says, and quotes Nelson Mandela when it comes to inspiring the younger generation. \"It is time for the powerful boards to come together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594264", "title": "Gazette note doesn't exempt Topslip from core zone", "text": "COIMBATORE: It may be curtains for tourism in Topslip and parts of Valparai as the extraordinary gazette notification issued by the state government on August 13 fails to list these areas under the buffer zone of the Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR). The tourism sector was hoping that the state government would carve the buffer zone out of the existing core zone of the ATR and in the process allow Topslip and other areas to fall into the buffer zone, thereby allowing tourism in a regulated environment.As of now, the entire ATR is declared core zone of the tiger reserve and the contentious areas come under the ATR. The apex court had on July 24 pulled up state governments that had not demarcated the buffer zones of tiger reserves and banned organized tourism in core areas with the aim to aid conservation efforts. A few forest officials had claimed that the extraordinary gazette issued after the Supreme Court order had exempted Valpari and Topslip from core area of ATR and they would now fall under the buffer zone. The tourism industry had pinned its hopes on the notification to resume tourism in these parts.Since the July 24 order, Topslip and other locations like Chinnakallar Falls, Neerar Dam, Nallamudi Pooncholai View Point, Monkey Falls and Loam's View near Valparai are out of bounds for tourists. As the only road to Parambikulam Tiger Reserve in Kerala passes through Topslip, access to Parambikulam, where both buffer and core areas are clearly demarcated to enable eco-tourism, has been blocked.TOI accessed a copy of the gazette, which was kept away from the public domain by the government to avoid scrutiny by the affected communities before its submission in the Supreme Court.The Supreme Court is expected to assess whether state governments complied with its earlier order to notify core and buffer zones of tiger reserves in line with the provisions of the Wildlife (Protection) Act on Wednesday. Tamil Nadu will submit its extraordinary gazette before the apex court on the same day to escape from contempt proceedings.Interestingly, the gazette notification attaches Kodaikanal and Dindigul divisions of reserve forests to the buffer zone of ATR. As per the gazette notification, 83,249 hectares of the old Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and 12,610 hectares of the Indira Gandhi National Park constitute the core area of ATR with a total of 95,859 hectares or 958.59 sq km.The buffer area will have an extension of 521.28 sq km as per the gazette. While 15,048.44 hectares of forest area would form part of the buffer zone, 17,904.70 hectares of revenue villages and hamlets will also become part of the buffer. About 5155.42 hectares of forest land belonging to Palani hill northern slope, Andipatty reserve forest, 4,344.53 acres in Kudraiyar block forest and 5,548.49 hectares in Mannavanur Range in Kodaikanal will be included in the buffer zone.The villages and hamlets that form part of the buffer zone are Angalkurichi, Vedasenthur, Jallipatti, Manjanaickenur, Thuraiyur, Kampalapatti, Kambalapatti, Kullegoundanur, Amanalingapuram, Gurusamiyur, Kodangipatti, Paramadaiyur, Puvalapparithi, Mannam, Ponnalammanthurai, Kaliyapuram, Somanathapuram, Bungalmedu, Narikkalpathi,Marappagoundan Pudur, Chemmedu, MGR Pudur, Kizhavanpudur, Saralaipathy,Semmanampathy, Amaravathy Andigoundanur, Perumpallam, Amaravathy Nagar, Kallapuram, Kallapuram, Poochimedu, Indira Pudunagar, Velu Nagar, Mathakadipudur,. Mavilamparai, Pal Company, Poolavadipudur, Gopalapuram, Sayapattrai, Poondi, Mannavanur, Kilavarai, Polur, Kavunchi, Kombur, Keelanavayal, Kookkal, Pazhamputhur, Puthurpuram, Manupatty, Manupatty, Velappanayakkapalayam, Indiranagar, Chinnakumarappalayam, Chinnakumarappalayam, Kurichikottai, Kurichikottai Ramagoundanputhur, Jallipatti, Thinakulam, Indranagar, Santhanakarupathur, Venkittaputhur, Govindhapuram, Lankamavur, Ammapatti, Onakkallur, Kuruvappanayakkanur, Reddypalayam, Sarkkaputhur, Erisinampatti, Devanurputhur, Andiyur, Chellappalayam, Periammapatty, Perumalpuram, Chinnakumarapalayam, Orakadu, Andipatty, JJ Nagar, Gajathukkadu and Kudarayar dam.When contacted, ATR director Rajeev Kumar Srivastava refused to comment over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592762", "title": "Cong muscles out two events for Vilasrao condolence meet", "text": "NAGPUR: In a crass display of might, an event organized on August 19 to condole the death of former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh took place at the cost of two other programmes scheduled for that day at Vasantrao Deshpande hall. The cancelled events had been planned months in advance for the 1pm to 4pm and 5pm to 8pm slots. However, the Congress announced its intention to hold its programme at 2pm, government officials got to work to oust the other parties, and banners and hoardings were put up accordingly.The 1pm slot had been booked by Sai Mangal Marriage Bureau, which had organized a meet of marriageable youths. This was a paid programme for which they had charged Rs350 per person. Director of the bureau Krishna Ghuguskar says he got the hall at 12.30pm and started the programme at 1pm.\"However, the organizers of the condolence meet had started arriving by 1.30pm. There was a huge crowd in the foyer and outside, including cops, who started putting pressure on me to vacate the hall as their function was to start at 3.30pm,\" he said.Ghuguskar said 800 people had registered for his event but only 250 could make it inside the hall as the doors had been blocked by Congress workers. \"There was so much pressure that I had to keep rushing the candidates to hurry up. This did not give them sufficient time to talk and connect with each other,\" he said.He said that finally he cut the programme short by one and a half hours. \"We had organized refreshments too for our participants, but the political workers thronged the tables set up by us and there was chaos,\" he added.A musical show by Kalpak was scheduled for 5.30pm. Organizer of this show Shashank Gadkari said he could not get the auditorium at 5.30pm and started the show half an hour late. \"As it was a condolence meet for Vilasrao Deshmukh, I agreed to delay my programme,\" he added, but said it was wrong on the part of the public works department (PWD) to have allowed the Congress programme to be held at the cost of events scheduled months in advance.PWD executive engineer DK Kawade first sought to explain it away, saying rules allowed bookings to be cancelled for government programmes. When it was pointed out that it was not a government but a Congress programme, he said there was no other place at which the condolence meeting could be held.\"We requested the organizers to make adjustments and they agreed,\" he said, adding, \"How am I supposed to cope? This function was organized by guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe and we had to accommodate it.\" He said the Congress party had paid Rs11,000 to book the hall.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said he was not aware that two other functions had to be curtailed for the programme. \"Mogheji's PA had made the booking. Yadavrao Deogade and I spoke to the organizers of these events, but did not disturb anybody. They vacated the hall at 2.30pm after which we started our event by 3.30pm and finished at 5.30pm,\" he said.Moghe said he was told that consent of both parties had been taken and he himself waited 45 minutes for the earlier event to finish. He justified scheduling the programme between two events, saying Vilasrao was a big leader who had done a lot for Nagpur. He admitted that it was not a government function but said it was a \"public\" function attended by all political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15595467", "title": "Silt keeps HP hydel plants shut for second day", "text": "SHIMLA: With three major hydro power plants in Himachal Pradesh remaining closed for the second consecutive day due to high silt level in the Satluj and the Ravi, the region is heading for another power crisis.The meteorological office has predicted very heavy rainfall across the state during the next 72 hours, if that happens the silt level is unlikely to go down in river waters. Silt has forced temporary closure of 1,500 MW Nathpa Jhakri, 1,000 MW Karcham-Wangtoo and 300 MW Chamera-II hydro-power projects. These three projects, shut since Monday morning, mainly supply power to northern states of Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Delhi, Jammu and Kashmir, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.To ensure regular power supply to domestic consumers in Himachal Pradesh, cuts have been imposed in the industrial areas of the state. After falling short of around 200 MW power, cuts have been imposed in Baddi-Barotiwala-Nalagarh, Kala Amb, Paonta Sahib, Parwanoo and Mehatpur areas.Nathpa Jhakri, Karcham-Wangtoo and Chamera-II projects alone generate 3,000 MW of power which is supplied directly to the northern grid. However, generation has been stopped since Monday morning, when silt level in the Satluj was recorded at 13,000 particles per million (ppm) at Khab in Kinnaur district. In the evening, the silt level was 57,000 ppm. For machines to operate, the silt level needs to be less than 4,000 ppm.According to Vijay Kumar Verma, Additional General Manager (corporate communication), SJVN Ltd , there was a small ray of hope to run the machines of Nathpa Jhakri plant on Tuesday, after silt level came down to 8,000 ppm. However, by 1pm, the level was 11,000 ppm.Brig Sudhir Uppal, vice-president of Karchham-Wangtoo project, said on Tuesday, \"We could not generate 2,000 MW power which we supply to northern grid from Abdullapur in Haryana.\"Chairman and Managing Director of Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board (HPSEB), R D Dhiman said the state has fallen short of 150-200 MW power in last two days, due to which cuts were being imposed in industrial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15591850", "title": "James Franklin credits IPL for revival of career", "text": "HYDERABAD: Life as a cricketer hasn't been that easy for this New Zealander who goes by the name of James Franklin. It was way back in 200-01 that the lanky left-arm medium pacer made his debut for New Zealand but failed to make much of an impact. Franklin has been in and out of the side with regularity. He did make some very meaningful contributions to the New Zealand cause like the unbeaten 122 - a stand of 256 with Stephen Fleming - against South Africa at Cape Town in 2006. He also had a hat-trick against Bangladesh and a six for 119 haul against Australia.Despite all this, Franklin was never able to cement a permanent place in the Kiwi side partly due to a knee injury. However, the Indian Premier League provided the Kiwi all-rounder a chance to get back to international cricket.\"I spent quite a bit of time playing in India in the last couple of years in the IPL and Champions League. Obviously, it helps playing these games, but at the end of the day it is what you do in the middle on that day. If you get out for nothing or don't take wickets and get hit around the park it will transform into little,\" the 31-year-old all-rounder, who is part of the Kiwi squad which takes on India in a two-Test and two T20 internationals, said.Franklin, who turned out for Mumbai Indians in the IPL, has had a mixed time with them. In two seasons, Franklin got 327 runs at a strike rate of 108.63. \"The IPL is a very long tournament with around 16 games to play. There are always going to be periods of ups and downs. It is not easy to maintain consistency right through the tournament. I have had some good matches and am quite happy with the way I performed,\" he said.\"As a team we did pretty well to get to the knock-out stage but unfortunately we couldn't manage to carry on from there. It's a great franchisee and I am proud to be playing for them.\"The Wellington native gets another shot to revive his international career as he tries to break into the Kiwi side. But he knows that he has his task cut out against a tough Indian team. \"We are coming from a tough tour of the West Indies. But it's always a new beginning with a new coach (Mike Hesson) and a couple of new faces in the squad. I think the guys are looking forward to take on a strong Indian side in Indian conditions. \"Overall we have got talent in the side and we will work out with our strategies to come up and play well against India. The idea is to compete session by session and we will take it day-by-day, but the first and foremost thing is to play well on Day One,\" Franklin said.\"This talent needs to be transformed into application in the middle. Each individual will be backing his game plan and obviously you have got the overall team plan and in the coming days we have to train hard and work out our strategies and hopefully our plans come good,\" the left-handed batsman said. \"For me...I am trying to contribute in any form of game by scoring runs or taking wickets.\"Franklin feels that it will not be that easy playing against the Indians at home. \"The Indians are a very well-balanced side. We have a couple of days to not only get used to the conditions here but also to work out a game plan to compete with the Indians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594312", "title": "2 serial chain snatchers held, 36 sovereigns of gold seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three chain snatchers involved in 10 cases in the city were arrested on Monday by the city police. As many as 36 sovereigns of gold jewels were recovered from them. Police said the gang leader had even constructed a new house in Theni district with the help of the stolen loot.The three culprits are N Prabhu alias Prabhakaran (23), from Pinnadevanpatti in Theni district, W Charles (24) and K Rajesh (26), both hailing from Periyar Nagar at Puliakulam. Police said the trio worked as electricians. Prabhu was in love with Banumathi, hailing from Nanjundapuram, and had married her, a year ago. The couple has one child and they were living at Ondipudur.The three were friends and met when they were all in financial crisis. They decided to chain-snatch to repay their loans. Charles and Rajesh owned motorcycles. They roamed the city to identify chain snatching opportunities. Prabhu usually rode the bike while Charles rode pillion, on their chain-snatching trips.Police said Charles used to snatch the gold chain from the victim and immediately flee the scene with Prabhu's help. Rajesh followed them on a bike, pretending to chase after them. In this way, they successfully committed 10 such crimes in Gandhipuram, Peelamedu, Saravanampatti and various other areas. A special team led by assistant commissioner of police K Ramachandran, suspected Prabhu's activities and took him in their custody on Monday. He confessed to the crimes.Prabhu told police that he completed class VIII and was an electrician living in a rented house along with his family. He constructed a new house at Pinnadevanpatti in Theni district. Meanwhile, his two friends Charles and Rajesh had loans to repay.\"We have seized 36 sovereigns of gold jewels worth Rs 8.5 lakh and two motorcycles from them. The trio was involved in two bike thefts too,\" said assistant commissioner of police (east sub-division) Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597680", "title": "Paresh Rawal &amp; Akshay Kumar on Indian Idol!", "text": "After Ranbir Kapoor and Kareena, it's now time for the cast of OMG Oh My God! to visit the sets of Indian Idol season 6 on SONY TV.Viewers are aware that Paresh Rawal's hit play Krishna vs. Kanhaiya has been made into a movie after its huge success. Starring Paresh Rawal and Akshay Kumar in the lead, this film promises to be an entertainer with the combination of the funny duo: Paresh Rawal and Akshay Kumar.In a special episode that will be telecast next weekend (31st August), both the actors will interact with the top three finalists of Indian Idol: Devendra Pal Singh, Amit Kumar and Vipul Mehta.As it comes down to the final three, both Akshay Kumar and Paresh Rawal, while promoting their upcoming film, will also encourage and interact with the contestants. For more updates on Indian Idol, keep reading this space!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15596778", "title": "Shotgun to play roles modeled on Big B's films!", "text": "Big B and Shotgun's love-hate relationship is no news and the competition seems to be still on.According to reports,Ram Gopal Varma,who made Sarkar and Sarkar Raj with Big B ,is now planning a film titled Super Sarkar with Shatrughan Sinha .In addition,Pahlaj Nihalani,who is a producer-friend to Shotgun,has also written a special role for the actor in his film Avatar . Interestingly,the role is modelled on Big B's part in Mohabbatein.When contacted,Nihalani said,\"I can't make films without Shatru.Since he was unwell,I had decided to use his voiceover for narration in the film.But now that he has completely recovered,I've written a role of the dean especially for my friend.Also,this role is similar to Bachchan saabs character in Mohabbatein .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594126", "title": "NE delegation meets governor, demands helpline", "text": "PANAJI: A delegation of northeast residents in the state reiterated their demand for a helpline and a few other measures for the safety of their people in a meeting with Governor B R Wanchoo at Raj Bhavan on Tuesday.\"The helpline for people from north east has not yet been set up,\" Wungchipem Pheirim, president of the Northeast association, Goa, told TOI. The members of the delegation explained their problems to the Governor.A large number of people from Assam and other northeastern states have fled the state last week, apparently frightened by rumours of an impending attack against them, though there were no threats. The government had assured them that the administration and police machinery had been sensitized about the issue and a helpline would be set up.A group of northeast residents in neighbouring states also took refuge in Goa. \"A number of them are putting up in a single room in difficult conditions,\" Pheirim said.The delegation requested the Governor that they be provided temporary shelter till the crisis blew over. The people from the northeast have been asked to contact the police control room (100) in case of emergencies.Wanchoo assured that the phone numbers of officials, who could be contacted in emergencies, would be provided to them.The delegation also raised the issue of lack of transport for workers in casinos, hotels and other establishments working in night shifts.A section of the community people had decided to stay back after holding talks with representatives of the association of all Goa Muslim jamaats on Sunday. The AGMJ had assured them that the threats of attack against them were rumours and even assured them help if there was any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "15595249", "title": "Ex-spy chief hints at Khaleda role in bid to kill Hasina", "text": "DHAKA: A former chief of Bangladesh military intelligence has hinted ex-prime minister Khaleda Zia's involvement in a grenade attack on her archrival and incumbent PM Sheikh Hasina that left 24 people dead in 2004.\"I understood the (then) prime minister (Zia) knew everything beforehand. So left her office not lingering the conversation,\" former director general of directorate of forces intelligence (DGFI) Sadik Hassan Rumi told a court in Dhaka as a witness in a pre-trial statement.At least 24 people, including then President Zillur Rahman's wife and senior politician Ivy Rahman, were killed in the blasts at Bangabandhu Avenue and some 200 others were injured.Hasina, is believed to have been the prime target, but survived with permanent hearing impairment.Rumi alleged that he was denied permission to investigate the attack case, saying Zia appeared annoyed and virtually rebuked him as he tried to talk to her on the issue. \"From where you gathered the ridiculous information... what is your headache if Tajuddin (a key attack plotter) goes to Pakistan or anywhere else?\" he recalled Zia as telling him as he tried to confirm a report that the PM herself had ordered safe passage abroad of Maulana Tajuddin.Rumi's testimony came as the trial was underway with the court indicting a number of high-profile suspects including Zia's 'fugitive' elder son and Bangladesh nationalist Party vice president Tarique Rahman as a mastermind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594421", "title": "Varkala Kahar\u2019s election set aside", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Tuesday set aside the election of Varkala Kahar to the state legislative assembly from Varkala constituency.Responding to a petition by BSP candidate S Prahladan, Kahar's opponent in the election, questioning the rejection of his nomination, Justice S S Satheesachandran overturned the returning officer's decision to bar Prahladan from contesting.Having set aside Kahar's election, the court, however, granted a stay for one month to allow the MLA to appeal before the Supreme Court. During the interregnum, Kahar is entitled to attend proceedings at the assembly but can't vote. \"The people of Varkala had given me a massive mandate last time. Moreover, the high court has never said that I violated the poll conduct in any way. Hence I am confident of a victory again,\" Kahar said.Kahar's disqualification, and another by-election soon, will not threaten the UDF government's stability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594414", "title": "Diplomatic failure led to India-China war", "text": "KOCHI: The India-China war of 1962 could have been averted if the two Asian giants had sat down across the negotiation table and explored ways to revive the Panchsheel pact, which was to lapse that year.But, difficult as it may sound, it was India which took an aggressive stand and turned down the Chinese proposal to resume talks on Panchsheel, claims a book.The book, to be released here to on Wednesday, to coincide with the 50 years of the 1962 war - 'Dividing Lines', published by Platinum Press - exposes these and many other 'facts' which may run contrary to the popular perception in India that the 1962war was an act of treachery by China on a peace-loving and gullible India.An equally interesting dimension is that the book, replete with similar views that contradict many official positions, has been authored by a senior serving government official K N Raghavan.Raghavan, a post-graduate in physical medicine and rehabilitation, had joined the Indian Revenue Service (Customs and Central Excise) in 1989 and is presently the Commissioner of Customs in Kochi, his hometown.\"The Sino-Indian boundary was never delineated, and India erred in unilaterally fixing her borders in 1954. But the dispute was not over just boundaries, as most Indians believe,\" says Raghavan. The book details the failure of Indian diplomacy, and the actions of the army and paramilitary forces, which the Chinese interpreted as unfriendly.\"It was the failure of Indian diplomacy that had led to the war. Talks would have acted as a venting valve for many of the distrusts that had developed between these two countries which had never fought each other till the fateful autumn of 1962,\" Raghavan says.India had published a map in 1954 showing Aksai Chin - an alternative route from China to Tibet - as its part. This, along with India's decision to give asylum to the Dalai Lama , is some of the factors that made China suspicious of India, says Raghavan.On what prompted him to write a book on the Indo-China conflict, he says: \"Foreign policy was a strong point of Jawaharlal Nehru , who was my childhood hero. I was keen to find out where Nehru would have erred in going to war with China. This was probably the only blot in his career.''\"I could get some time to read on the conflict during my posting in Singapore from 2007 to 2011. I had jotted down the points then and those notes took the shape of the book,\" he clarifies.On former defence minister late V K Krishna Menon's role in the war, Raghavan says, \"Krishna Menon would have definitely known that it was one war which India could never have won considering the huge and alert war machine that China had then possessed. He did commit some diplomatic errors, like forming a core group in the Indian Army and asking them to take position in the frontline in 10 days. However, Krishna Menon had received enough brickbats for the setback in the war and he paid for it with his position.\"Raghavan, who is passionate about cricket, is an accredited umpire. He has umpired one-day international matches, and authored World Cup Chronicle.Dr K N Raghavan's 'Dividing Lines' run contrary to the popular perception in India that the war in 1962 was an act of treachery by China on a peace-loving and gullible India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592111", "title": "Employees to go on mass leave for 'bandh' today", "text": "JAIPUR: Non-reserved category government employees in the state wore black-bands to their offices on Tuesday to protest the proposed Constitutional amendment bill on quota in promotions for the Scheduled Castes (SC) and the Scheduled Tribes (ST). Participation in the protest was impressive in the secretariat. In the evening the employees held a demonstration and public assembly at Statute Circle.The protesters' representative organisation, the Samta Andolan Samiti has claimed that the aggrieved employees would proceed on mass leaves on Wednesday to participate in the Rajasthan Bandh called by it. The amendment bill on securing the SC/ST's quota in promotions is to be tabled in Lok Sabha on Wednesday.\"Employees of all the government departments at the secretariat have decided to go on mass leave to participate in the Rajasthan Bandh called against the quota bill on Wednesday,\" said Shiv Shankar Agarwal, president of the Rajasthan Secretariat Employees Union.Even as the other employees' leaders expressed support for the protest, they refrained from making the opposition to the bill a Union issue. The All Rajasthan State Government Employees Federation's president KK Gupta said, \"The Federation has not given any call in support of the Bandh. It is for the individual employees to decide whether to participate or not.\"There were, however, reports that the adversely affected employees who constitute 72% of the state government workforce were opposed to the quota, which is also being debated in the courts. The Samta Andolan Samiti claimed that at least 5 lakh of the around 7 lakh government employees in the state would participate in the bandh on August 22.Over the past couple of months, the Samiti has adopted an aggressive stand on the quota in promotions issue. The organisation has warned the elected legislators and parliamentarians to refrain from supporting the amendment bill or be ready to lose the next assembly election in 2013 and the general election in 2014. \"The employees are so aggrieved by this quota that they are determined to ensure that any Lok Sabha member who supports the bill tomorrow (August 22) does not get to win the next general election in 2014,\" Samiti president Parashar Narayan Sharma told TOI. The Samiti even organised a rally in New Delhi on August 19 when its members from other states too gathered to oppose the bill.The Constitutional amendment bill is being introduced to correct the situation that has arisen after April this year when the Supreme Court upheld the Allahabad High Court's decision to scrap the policy of reservation in promotions introduced by the Uttar Pradesh government. A similar judgment was passed by the Rajasthan high court in February 2010 on the basis of a petition moved by the Samta Andolan Samiti. Accusing the Ashok Gehlot-government of failing to execute the judgment, the organisation later filed a contempt petition against the then state chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary personnel Khemraj. The Samiti's contempt petition succeeded at the high court but was stayed by the Supreme Court, where it is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591620", "title": "Pollution board slaps curbs on Mandur landfill", "text": "BANGALORE: The third landfill at Mandur, near Yelahanka, for garbage generated by Bangalore is under a cloud. On Tuesday, the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) ordered a halt to garbage processing there but said it can be dumped given the problems facing the city.The directive followed an inspection by chairman A Sadashivaiah, who identified irregularities at the site.\"The pits made for rain water are now filled with leachate. It is a health hazard as it can enter the ground water and cause pollution. The villagers in and around Mandur are already suffering from skin allergies. I've given BBMP seven days to set right the problem. However, BBMP has to lift garbage from the city and there is no excuse for that. At Mandur, fresh garbage can be dumped but not taken for processing till the unit implements our directives,\" Sadashivaiah told TOI. He said he would send BBMP a notice on this.\"The farmers and villagers should not be made to suffer due to the city's incapability in handling solid waste,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594655", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation set to create commercial estate of 200 units in Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is poised for the creation of a what is referred to as a flatted or 200-unit industrial estate and is planning to issue tenders for its construction in Ambad industrial area next month.Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official said, \"The design for the flatted building is ready. We will soon invite tender once we get an approval from our head office. It will take a month to issue tenders for the project.\"\"We are planning to construct flatted building projects at Ambad MIDC with an aim to provide ready galas to small and micro entrepreneurs. We have already designed the building plan and will soon issue a tender once the design of the building is approved by our head office. Although the flatted building will be built by a private contractor, its monitoring and selling will be completely handled by MIDC. The flats will be sold out by the MIDC,\" a senior MIDC official told TOI.\"We have already identified the land near MIDC's IT Park in Ambad industrial area. The project of flatted building will come up on 14,800 sq mtrs of land there and built up areas will almost be the same. The flatted building will include 200 galas in different sizes ranging from 500 sq ft to over 1,000 sq ft. Of the total flats, around 50% will be in the range of 500 sq ft, 35% in the range of 1,000 sq ft and around 15% of the flats in the range over 1,000 sq ft. The project is estimated to cost at around Rs. 20 crore,\" he said.\"We are soon planning to invite tenders from private players next month. The work of construction would start soon after the tender is sanctioned.\"We have already designed the building plan and will soon issue a tender once the design of the building is approved by our head office. Although the flatted building will be built by a private contractor, its monitoring and selling will be completely handled by MIDC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15598502", "title": "Facebook sued for 'stealing' Timeline feature", "text": "LONDON: Facebook has reportedly been sued by a Chinese technology firm that claims the social networking giant has stolen its Timeline feature.Facebook recently made it mandatory for people to use Timeline, the new-look profile, which allows people to tell the story of their lives on a single page.Cubic Network, a four year-old Chinese technology company, however, claimed the Timeline feature is their own, The Telegraph reports.The network claimed they launched the same layout in 2008, which shows people's activity in chronological order.Xiong Wanli, the founder of Cubic Network, conducted a talk about the Timeline feature at Stanford University , which Facebook founder and alumni of the American university, Mark Zuckerberg , is believed to have attended.Zuckerberg unveiled its 'Timeline' in 2011, some three years after Cubic Network showcased the feature.The Chinese firm is now suing Facebook for potential patent infringement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594358", "title": "Raids on eateries from tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: While the city's eateries and restaurants have already started welcoming the Onam rush, the city corporation is yet to appoint officials to check the quality of food served in these places.Though the civic body had closed down a few restaurants and issued notices some others asking them to improve hygiene, it is alleged that no follow-up action after the move.Health standing committee chairman, T K Asharaf, said the corporation officials would begin raids from Thursday onwards.\"There will be two squads to carry out inspections in the hotels across the city. The raid will continue for a period of one week,\" he said.The corporation will also keep a check on the small eateries that are being temporarily set up for Onam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594583", "title": "Google Developers organize 'Python Prologue' at DAVV", "text": "INDORE: Google Developers Group (GDG), Indore chapter organized 'Python Prologue,' a workshop on Python programming language on Tuesday at School of Computer Science DAVV. The project head of developer relations at Google Hyderabad, Uttam Tripathi was invited for the presentation.He said, \"India is home to one of the largest developers communities in the world and students are the ones who ultimately grow up to become developers\".More than a hundred young developers attended the workshop. Participants were told about the preliminary guide to programming in Python. The event also highlighted the developer tools and support provided by Google.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593983", "title": "Snake bites kill 4 in a week", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kanta Bhalor, 45, a resident of Piplaj near Vatva, was bitten by a snake at her residence on August 6. She was admitted to LG Hospital for treatment but died after three days. She was the fourth snakebite victim in a week - two had died in the Sabarmati area and one in Chandkheda.As showers made temperatures dip over the fortnight, snake sightings and indeed snakebites also increased. According to Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation officials, the four major civic hospitals are on an average receiving three snakebite cases every week. In 2011, the city police had recorded 12 deaths due to snakebites.What prompts snakes to come out of their abodes at this time? \"Snakes are cold-blooded reptiles that need warmth to maintain body temperature,\" said Mukesh Bhati, a snake rescuer from the city. \"Thus, when humidity level starts increasing and rains wet the earth, snakes come out to seek shelter or warmth. Monsoons and winters are the seasons in which most snake sightings and rescues are reported.\"Experts said that summer is snakes' mating season. They lay eggs in the May-June period, and the eggs get hatched around the start of monsoon. Tiny serpents also begin their lives - searching for moths and small insects - in this season.Two of the cases reported from the Sabarmati area took place at Tragad village over two consecutive days. In the first, an 18-year-old male was reported dead and a 16-year-old girl was the next casualty. She was found unconscious outside her residence on August 4. She was taken to a nearby hospital where she was declared dead due to snakebite. In both cases, victims were sleeping outside their homes and were bitten while they were sleep.While almost the entire city reports snake sightings, the percentage is high in the periphery of the city -especially in the newly developed residential areas between SG Road and Sardar Patel Ring Road and the industrial belt near Vatva and Naroda. Experts say snakes that generally make farms and fields their home get pushed out of their habitats and start straying into residential areas.Rishit Shroff, a member of Ahmedabad Snake Rescue Committee, said it has been observed that some of the cases of snakebites involve amateur snake catchers who invite trouble. \"According to the latest figures collected by the committee from 27 snake rescuers active in the city, the ratio of poisonous to non-poisonous snakes rescued is almost 50:50,\" he said. \"Thus, if you don't have proper knowledge about snake rescue, don't attempt it. The best thing to do is to contact snake rescuers.\"Shroff said that the most dangerous among the snakes was Krait. \"It is called the silent killer because the victim does not show any symptom for half an hour after the bite,\" he said. \"And by the time the victim is taken to a hospital, it is too late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592725", "title": "Six suicides reported in last 24 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Six suicides, including three in Nandanwan area, were reported in the city in the last 24 hours.Around 11.30am, BCom drop out Piyush Malkani hanged himself to the ceiling fan in the first floor room of his house at Sindhi colony in Khamla under the jurisdiction of Rana Pratap Nagar police station. His mother Mohini was busy in the kitchen. Police said Malkani (22) was in depression and undergoing treatment. No suicide note was recovered.Cops said Malkani's parents had separated around 15 years ago. Since then, he, his elder sister and Mohini stayed at his maternal grandparent's house. Malkani, though an average student, discontinued studies after he cleared first year. Police said he would avoid friends and would remain alone. A case of accidental death has been registered.In Nandanwan, 26-year-old Sachin Wanjari, an autorickshaw driver, succumbed three days after he consumed poison in the garden near his Old Bagadganj residence on Friday. He died on Monday during treatment at Government Medical Hospital. His family and police claim to be clueless why he ended his life.Fed up of a prolonged illness, labourer Namdeorao Gondane (45) jumped off the third floor of an apartment block near to his residence in Nandanwan slums on Monday night.One Chandraprakash Tidke (53), who worked as a labourer with NMC, jumped into a well near his Mire Layout residence on Monday night. Police said he was a drunkard.Another alcoholic Subhash Satpute (30) hanged himself since he was unable to get rid of his drinking habit at his Mhada Colony quarters at Kalamna on Monday afternoon.In Ganeshpeth, an unidentified middle-aged man was found hanging from the ceiling hook in an under construction building on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593462", "title": "Moti Shahi palace may get heritage immunity again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shah Jahan's creation Moti Shahi palace, whose heritage value was being eroded by illegal construction, may soon re-enter the list of protected monuments.A senior member of the heritage conservation committee (HCC) - formed by the state government - said the committee planned to include the palace in the new inventory of heritage buildings in the city. The HCC can take suo motu cognizance of the construction activity at the palace. In a special meeting, committee members reasoned that it was not important that a building be listed as protected by the Archaeological Survey of India in order to be labelled a heritage building.By the powers conferred on it by the state government through a 2007 gazette notification, the committee has resolved that it will inspect the palace. It will also officially write to the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society, the current caretaker of the building, asking it to restrict the construction. \"Initially, the committee may request the society to restrict construction at the palace as the structure is of historical and cultural importance,\" the HCC member said.Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra told TOI, \"The work of preparing a new inventory is being assigned to the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), which specializes in preservation and conservation of heritage buildings\". Mohapatra said meetings had already been held with INTACH and it was devising a strategy to prepare the inventory. \"The list will also contain buildings of heritage value in places other than the walled city,\" he said.Mohapatra emphasized that the primary aim of the HCC was not only to approve or disapprove structural improvements for a heritage building, but also to develop a system of incentives for heritage property owners. \"Transfer of development rights and tax exemptions are just a few of the incentives,\" Mohapatra said. \"Only after these incentives are ready do we enforce laws effectively that restrict people from changing facades or pulling down heritage structures.\"A member of the HCC also said that construction techniques used to build the Moti Shahi palace and other important lime-mortar structures should be studied and these very methods could be used for restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593180", "title": "Adult hyena found dead near Waghjai temple in Dehu Road", "text": "PUNE: An adult hyena was found dead near the Waghjai temple in the Sainagar-Dehu Road area which falls under the Mamurdi forest hill division on Tuesday evening.Forest officer S K Patil told TOI that the department will lodge a case under the Wildlife Protection Act. He said that poaching cannot be ruled out, though there are no visible signs to suggest the same. \"The post-mortem will be conducted on Wednesday to ascertain the cause of the death,\" he said, adding that the hyena could also have been bitten by a snake or hit by a car.He said the forest area, where a lot of hyenas can be found, is spread over one sq km. It is near the expressway and incidents of animals being hit by vehicles happen frequently.According to a local official, the hyena could have died two days back, since its body was highly decomposed. The paws, nails and teeth of the animal were intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15592136", "title": "\u2018Animal keepers play a vital role in zoo\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Nanjundaswamy, chairman of Zoo Authority of Karnataka, has said that animal keepers play a key role in maintaining the health of zoo animals.Speaking at the inaugural of animal keepers' training programme here on Tuesday, he said: \"Constant upgradation of skills and exposure will go a long way in institutionalizing some of the best practices developed in breeding and exhibiting of wild animals.\"Nanjundaswamy said that skillful management of enclosures is the result of constant interaction of animal keepers with higher-ups. \"Zoo director derives his strength from skilled animal keepers. Also, animals feel comfortable in the hands of trained animal keepers. Necessary skills and experience will not come overnight,\" he added.Nanjundaswamy said that the longevity and the breeding capacity of animals largely depend upon the skills of animal keepers. \"Compassion, patience, observation and love are essential for that,\" he added.The training programme has been themed on 'Management of wild animals in captivity with special reference to enrichment of animal enclosure'. Twenty-seven zoo keepers, representing 12 zoos in south India, are participating in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15598098", "title": "Militants explode two grenades in Manipur, no casualty reported", "text": "IMPHAL: Militants exploded two powerful bombs near the office of an NGO in Imphal East district of Manipur but no casualty was reported, officials said on Wednesday.The bombs exploded at around 10.30pm on Tuesday night at Napet Palli area under Heingang police station, about 15 kms from here but no one was injured, they said.A militant group had demanded extortion of Rs 10 lakh from the NGO, Educated Farmers Association (EFA).No individual or group has claimed responsibility for the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15595504", "title": "Copyright violation: Court verdict to provide relief to news channels", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a verdict that will bring relief to news channels, the Delhi High Court has said \"trivial infractions\" where a small audio clipping is played in the background can't be termed copyright violation.A bench of Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice Manmohan Singh said courts must not waste precious hours deciding these disputes where compensation is given usually to a private party. Reversing a single judge's order where he barred a private channel from running an audio clip of a famous Hindi song in the background to advertise for a consumer awareness program, the division bench emphasized creativity is in society's interest and courts shouldn't stifle it under the garb of the Copyright Act.HC was hearing a case where the producers of the movie had ffiled a suit against a channel because it lifted half a line from the popular song Kajra Re Kajra Re Tere Kare Kare Naina from the film Bunty and Babli. The channel played the lyrics `Mera Chain - Vain Sab Ujhda' with the musical score in the backdrop for three seconds to promote a consumer awareness program.HC disagreed with the film makers who sued for copyright violation and pointed out that the size of the harm is the use of mere five words from a song having five stanzas, some of which are repeated twice in the song. \"The intent is not to steal. The intent is to create the scene in a small kirana shop... Indeed, the advertisement brings out the dejection of the kirana shop owner who is not able to sell adulterated and counterfeit goods,\" HC observed.The intent of the alleged wrongdoer is to educate the public while, the purpose of the alleged infringement is to educate the public, the judges explained saying there is no reason why the Copyright Act must be attracted.HC also pointed out that so powerful are the dialogues and the expressions in the advertisement that the ordinary viewer would remember the advertisement for its socially educative trust and not the song used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594415", "title": "Strike after holidays affects govt work", "text": "KOCHI: Majority of the government employees in the district on Tuesday kept away from work in protest against the recent state government move to introduce contributory pension scheme. For many of them, the protest called by pro-Left service organizations turned out to be a reason to take leave and club it with Monday, which was a government holiday.Public utilities like payment of various fees at the regional transport office were completely affected by the strike. While none of 34 office staff turned up for work, all the 26 executive staff like motor vehicle inspectors and assistant motor vehicles inspectors came for work. \"Vehicle registrations were on. There were some training programmes for the executive staff. The services to be delivered by office staff were affected,\" said RTO T J Thomas.At the district collectorate, only 42 out of the total 172 employees showed up for work. \"The attendance at various offices under the revenue department was 36%. The average attendance of all the government offices including departments like PWD, KSEB, KWA and education was 34%,\" said B Ramachandran, additional district magistrate, Ernakulam.The civil station at Kakkanad witnessed a minor altercation when the striking employees tried to prevent some officials from entering their office. Though police and other officials dissuaded striking employees from doing so and even offered protection to those willing to work, some women employees returned home.At Kochi Corporation, only 114 of the total 274 employees reported for work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15594079", "title": "Will our voices be heard?", "text": "Minority communities in the state have welcomed the government proposal to set up a Goa commission for minorities. But, they are unanimous that the proposed commission, when it is set up, will make a difference to minorities only if they have representation on it and their grievances are actually redressed.\"We have been after the government for a minorities' commission for quite a long time,\" said Shaikh Bashir Ahmed, president of the Association of All Goa Muslim Jamats.The fact that the Goa commission for minorities bill was introduced in the recent assembly but was subsequently referred to a select committee of the legislative assembly, and it is not known by when it will be passed, appears not to deter the hope.Welcoming the government's proposal to set up a commission and hoping to find representation for the community on it, Ahmed said, \"Once the commission is set up, the Muslim community will put forth its difficulties.\"Two are predominate-land for a kabrastan and areas for qurbani.\"Land for a kabrastan is our main problem,\" said Ahmed, \"Wherever we buy a plot, people object. All the existing areas are packed and there is no space to bury the dead.\"The other issue is areas for qurbani (animal sacrifice) before Eid. \"We will ask the government to designate some places so that qurbani can be performed in a hygienic manner with doctors available,\" Ahmed said. He added that the community will also seek jobs in government service.Fr Joaquim Loiola Pereira, secretary to the Archbishop of Goa and Daman, told TOI, \"We hope that the Church will be given representation on the commission.\"Echoing the wariness, while welcoming the bill, Fr Savio Fernandes, executive secretary, Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP), told TOI, \"It is important that the persons who will be appointed as members need to have a grassroots experience and involvement with the minorities and are also aware of the various issues affecting the rights of the minorities in Goa.\"\"We expect that the commission will play an active role by interacting with minority communities while exercising its function,\" said Fernandes, adding that the CSJP, a church body, was \"aware of the need for a state minorities commission and consciously made this need public\".Adi Doctor, the former head of the political science department at Goa University and a member of the Parsi community in Goa said, \"Though the Parsi community has not experienced any discrimination in Goa, we would expect the commission to protect our freedom and rights.\"He added that the around 100-member community in Goa would \"welcome a burial ground or crematorium\" in the state as they have to travel to the Fire temple in Belgaum for burials. \"A burial ground or crematorium would be a great convenience to the community,\" Doctor said. He added that the community would also appreciate a government move to provide land for a prayer-cum-community hall for the Parsi community in the state.Jagjeet Singh Bedi, president of the Betim Gurudwara committee, while welcoming the proposed commission, said the committee would seek representation on the commission and would take up issues concerning the community.Asked his view on the bill, former member of the Goa Law Commission Cleofato Coutinho told TOI, \"The bill is a copy of the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992.\" He felt the format of appointment should not have been the same as was decided by the Union government in the Act 20 years ago.\"The selection committee could be made wider to include the chief justice of the high court, the archdiocese chief, (representative of) the Muslim organizations (and other communities),\" said Coutinho.He felt that since the commission has various powers like a court, it would be better if some judicial person from the minority community be given those powers. \"It should not happen that this committee becomes a political appointment,\" he stressed.On the government referring the bill to the select committee, Coutinho said, \"When the government is not serious with a bill, the bill goes to a select committee. The government got the casino bill passed (in the recently-concluded assembly session where both bills were introduced) since it was serious about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593218", "title": "3 held for chain-snatching", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police on Monday claimed to have detected three cases of chain-snatching and two cases of vehicle thefts, following the arrest of a gang of three persons. The police also detained two of their minor accomplices.The police have recovered three gold chains, three laptops and two stolen motorcycles, collectively valued at Rs 4 lakh from the suspects identified as Navnath Prakash Pawar (18) of Sant Tukaramnagar, Sandip Tanaji Jadhav (26) of Kalewadi and Sarfraj Allauddin Shaikh (20) of Pimpri.The Pimpri police team, led by senior inspector Mohan Vidhate, made the arrests.Vidhate said he received a tip-off that a gang of some youthswas involved in chain-snatchings in Pimpri and Chinchwad area. The gang members were using minor boys to snatch gold chains. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the trio from Pimpri,\" he said.Vidhate said during interrogation the suspects revealed the names of their two minor accomplices. \"We have detained them,\" he said.Vidhate said the gang was also involved in snatching laptop bags in and around Pimpri. \"Shaikh is an ITI student while Jadhav runs an eatery in Pimpri,\" Vidhate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593686", "title": "\u2018My job is to maintain law &amp; order\u2019", "text": "Police commissioner Arup Patnaik tried to play down Raj Thackeray's demand for his resignation. \"I am hurt by Raj Thackeray's abuses but I cannot react. I am not here to comment on what Raj Thackeray has said. He is a political leader and free to say anything, whereas I am a government servant and my job is limited to maintain law and order and communal harmony in the backdrop of the Azad Maidan violence,\" he said.When asked to comment on why he shouted at DCP Ravindra Sishve, Patnaik said, \"I have anguish in my heart. As a head of the family, I have all the right to shout at them when required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15595106", "title": "'Big Chill, not Big Bang, led to the birth of our universe'", "text": "MELBOURNE: Scientists have claimed that the start of the Universe should be modelled not as a Big Bang but a 'Big Chill' like water freezing into ice. Physicists from the University of Melbourne and Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology have suggested that by investigating the cracks and crevices common to all crystals - including ice - our understanding of the nature of the Universe could be revolutionized.\"Ancient Greek philosophers wondered what matter was made of: was it made of a continuous substance or was it made of individual atoms? With very powerful microscopes, we now know that matter is made of atoms,\" lead researcher on the project, James Quach said.\"Thousands of years later, Albert Einstein assumed that space and time were continuous and flowed smoothly, but we now believe that this assumption may not be valid at very small scales,\" he added.\"A new theory, known as Quantum Graphity, suggests that space may be made up of indivisible building blocks, like tiny atoms.\"These indivisible blocks can be thought about as similar to pixels that make up an image on a screen. The challenge has been that these building blocks of space are very small, and so impossible to see directly,\" he said.Quach and colleagues believe they may have found a way to see them indirectly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592813", "title": "Ruling party sets a 27-point agenda for civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Ruling party leaders in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have submitted a 27-point agenda, which highlights issues dogging the city, to municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane. Praveen Datke, their leader, said, \"Projects like JNNURM and BoT works are very important for the city's development. Besides, the ready reckoner-based property tax has to be finalized. Wardhane showed keen interest in completing the process. We will give our full support to him in the city's development,\" he said.Confirming about ruling party's demand to reshuffle many officials, Datke said that it was necessary to improve work and transparency. \"Those who have completed their tenures should be transferred,\" he said. \"A major reshuffle is on cards.\"Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari also discussed about the budget and its implementation. \"Tiwari informed about various proposals to increase the revenue,\" said Datke.Meanwhile, collector Saurabh Rao is yet to communicate to Datke if he has powers to issue orders to mayor. \"We will wait for one more day and decide the next step,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/patna", "code": "15594042", "title": "AIIMS team asked to visit conjoined twins", "text": "NEW DELHI/PATNA: With the mother of the conjoined twins - Sana and Farah Saleem - expressing apprehension over the kids' safety, the Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a specially constituted AIIMS team to visit Patna to examine their present condition and render medical aid.Meanwhile, the family in Patna remains completely aloof of the developments as they neither have got any assistance from the state or central government till now, nor they have been informed officially regarding any development. \"Whatever, we came to know, it was through media only. Neither the state nor the central government communicated anything to us till now right since the first SC directive on July 20,\" twins' brother Tamanna told TOI on Tuesday.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra passed the order after taking note of a letter written by the girls' mother expressing apprehension that if the twins were air lifted to Delhi for treatment it could pose a threat to their lives.She submitted in the letter that the girls' condition had deteriorated about four years ago after they had been brought to a private hospital in the national capital. The girls were subsequently moved back to Patna.The letter written in Hindi also urged the apex court to direct the government to sanction monthly maintenance amount for the 16-year-old conjoined twins.Responding to the plea, the apex court asked the medical team constituted by it to visit Patna and file a report before it and posted the matter after three weeks.In pursuant to the direction, the Centre had earlier constituted a three-member expert medical team comprising two paediatricians from AIIMS, Minoo Bajpai and A K Bisoi, besides Dr Mukul Verma of Apollo Hospital.The court's order had come on a PIL by Aarushi Dhasmana, a second-year law student from Pune, through counsel Ravi Prakash Gupta, seeking medical aid for the girls on the ground that the two grown up girls born as twins joined at the head are undergoing immense pain and are unable to even sleep due to consistent acute pain.While seeking medical aid at government's expenditure, the PIL said if it is not possible, the parents be permitted to adopt \"mercy killing\" for the twins.Saba and Farah have been bedridden and are experiencing persistent, acute pain and distress and are neither able to sleep adequately nor get up from their bed and this has made their lives miserable, said Dhasmana's petition.It said the twins' father, Mohammad Shakeel, a tea stall owner in Patna, who is distressed by their growing sufferings, had pleaded for mercy killing for his twins last year.Gupta had said an expert team headed by American specialist Dr Benjamin Carson about five years ago opined that separating Saba and Farah would require five or six operations, spread over nine months, but each stage held a one-in-five chance that one of the girls might die.The twins' family had decided against the surgery despite Abu Dhabi's crown prince Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed offering to pay for it, the petition had said.A team, under Dr Carson, had found that they shared a vital blood vessel in the brain and that Farah had two kidneys, while Saba had none, it added.The petition said \"due to lack of sufficient financial resources, their family has been unable to provide them with adequate medical treatment and facilities.\"Accordingly, the father of the conjoined twins should be given either the financial support to treat his daughters or be granted permission for mercy killing, the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594783", "title": "Infiltration root cause of Assam problem, says saffron outfit", "text": "BHOPAL: \"Infiltrators from Bangladesh are responsible for the violence in Assam. Instead of taking it as a communal issue, the government must take it as a threat to nation's security\", said Vanvasi Kalyan Parishad, an organization working among tribals.Parishad president Jagdev Ram told reporters here, \"The demography of Assam has changed due to the constant infiltration from past few decades. The Bodo people, who were in majority once, have shrunk into minority while population of infiltrators from Bangladesh has come into majority\".Statistics point out that Bodo population is not even 15 per cent of the 70 lakh infiltrators in Assam. The vote bank politics of government never took the issue seriously due to which a situation has arisen where the Bodo people in different parts of the country are forced to move back, he added.Parishad central working committee member Harsh Chouhan condemned Pakistan's bid to spread rumours in India and creating an atmosphere of insecurity among the people of northeast contributing in the country's growth.Considered as a saffron outfit, The Parishad demanded the government to take the issue as conspiracy of bordering nations to disturb internal peace of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594923", "title": "Outsource sanitation work, say councillors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the wake of the \"deteriorating\" sanitatary conditions in the city, some councillors want the cleanliness work be outsourced. Recently, a former mayor and SAD councillor had written a letter to the municipal corporation that the sanitation work of her ward be give to a private contractor.\"Outsourcing the job will solve problems like shortage of staff and lack of infrastructure. Area residents can also participate by keeping a tab on the functioning of the contractor,\" councillor Harjinder Kaur said.A senior MC officer said, \"The letter has been sent to the MC commissioner. The matter will be discussed and if it's implemented, then it will be on experimental basis. It will be implemented in other parts of the city too if it tastes success.\"In a recent monthly house meeting, councillor Arun Sood too had raised the issue, saying the sanitation work of the entire city be outsourced. The request was admitted by the commissioner, who had assured to look into its feasibility.A member of the sanitation committee, Mukesh Bassi, said, \"We will take up the issue in the monthly meeting, as many residents have been complaining about poor sanitation in their sectors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591880", "title": "Fresh water connections come at a premium", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of areas newly-added to BBMP looking forward to Cauvery water flowing from their taps are in for a shock.The Bangalore Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (BWSSB) launched Sajala, a special drive to issue new connections on the outskirts of Bangalore as the Cauvery drinking water scheme Stage IV Phase II will be ready soon.It had announced that those who want new water connections have to pay Rs 100. But residents of Ramamurthynagar who went to apply for new connections were stunned when water board officials said they had to pay between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 depending on the plot size and a fine up to Rs 3,000.\"For houses built on 1,200 sqft, officials asked us to pay Rs 5000 and for sites of larger dimensions, the charges are up to Rs 10,000. We were also asked to pay fines ranging from Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000. We're ready to pay but when BWSSB is giving us water now, why should we cough up a fine?\" asked AV Shama Rao, president, Ramamurthynagar Welfare Association.When TOI checked with BWSSB about their complaints, officials claimed that the amount being demanded is legitimate. They said BWSSB floated a Greater Bangalore Water Supply and Sanitation Project (GBWSSP) in 2005 to supply water to more areas. The project would ensure remodeling of the sanitary and water supply infrastructure as existing pipelines were of a smaller diameter.GBWSSP required residents to pay pro-rata charges for water supply and sanitary connections as a one-time payment. BWSSB officials said residents of these areas had been told to make these payments. They said BWSSB had invited residents to make security deposits for new connections. Most residents didn't pay these deposits and that's what they're being asked to do now, they explained.BWSSB officials said that the amount can be paid in installments.Pro-rata charges* GBWSSP pro-rata charges for water supply connections are Rs 150 per sq metre for bungalows and Rs 250 per sq metre for residential apartments* Sanitary connection charges start at Rs 120 per point, but not more than Rs 600* Inspection fee is Rs 250 per residential building and Rs 2500 per residential apartment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593642", "title": "2 kids missing from West Bengal found in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city-based trader spotted two kids of five and 10 years of age in Dariapur and handed them over to city police on August 18. The cops tracked down the kids' parents in West Bengal and have started process to send them back.Dariapur police said that Mohammed Rafiq Noor Shaikh, a resident of Dhalgarwad and owner of a hotel on Jordan Road, spotted two kids roaming around on August 18. He called them to his shop and offered a meal. He then tried to question them. The kids, however, could not understand Hindi, Gujarati, English or Urdu. Shaikh then approached Rapid Action Force (RAF) jawans posted nearby for the Eid bandobast.\"As the RAF team members tried to talk to them, one of the jawans, native of West Bengal, identified the accent and spoke to them in Bengali. The kids then started in broken Bengali and identified themselves as Subrato Niranjan, 10, and Shambhu Niranjan, 5, brothers from Piglu village in Midnapur district of West Bengal,\" said a Dariapur police official.The city police were informed and Dariapur police inspector A R Desai contacted his counterpart in West Bengal. Desai learnt that the kids were reported missing by their father. \"The duo had boarded a wrong train and had come to Ahmedabad in Howrah Express three days back. They were roaming around in the streets and got to eat only when any good Samaritans offered them something. They will soon be sent back,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15593395", "title": "Insurgency discussed in India-Myanmar liaison meet", "text": "IMPHAL: The 46th Indo-Myanmar border liaison meeting, held at the headquarters of the Army's 57 Mountain Division near Imphal, discussed steps to be taken to curb activities of insurgent groups on both sides.This came in the wake of Myanmar's assurance of pushing out northeast rebels from its soil and the subsequent vigilant measures being taken up along the porous Indo-Myanmar boundary by the Indian security forces in tribal-dominated Chandel, Ukhrul and Churachandpur districts.Held under the aegis of 3 corps, the meeting also dwelt upon the ways of strengthening the military cooperation between both the countries, a defence ministry statement said.The Myanmar delegation comprising 15 officers led by Brig Gen Ba Hla Aye-Cdr, AOC (72) arrived at 57 Mountain Division's headquarters at Leimakhong village on Thursday by road via the border town of Moreh.They were received by GOC of the division Maj Gen Binoy Poonnen, the delegation leader of Indian Army and other officers attending the meeting.\"The Indo-Myanmar Border Liaison Meet is a landmark event where representatives of both the armies interact and coordinate border management issues. The event also gives an opportunity to further strengthen the bonds of friendship between both the nations,\" said the statement.During their stint in India, the Myanmar officials also visited Kolkata and Gaya and on Monday they left Imphal for their country via Moreh, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594257", "title": "Sporting events to mark Mysore City Corporation 150th anniversary", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation (MCC) will organize a sports meet for its members and general public to mark its 150th anniversary.Announcing this before reporters here on Tuesday, former mayor and sports committee in-charge Purushottam said the event will be held at Chamundi Vihar stadium at 8am on August 26. The sporting events will be held under different categories for members, staffs, men and women under different age groups.Men in 40-60 (and above) age group can take part in 50, 75, 100, 200 and 400 metre race besides shot-put, golf and hitting the wicket. Pegging the wicket, lemon-spoon race, 50, 75, 100 and 200 metre race will be held for women staff and members in 40-60 (and above) age group.This apart, tug-of-war, cricket and kabaddi competition will also be held between MCC members, officers and staff, while women members, officers and staff will vie for honours in musical-chair competition. Other events are carrom (doubles) and chess competition for both men and women.MCC will organize Mysore marathon for children and senior citizens, and a cycle race for general public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592369", "title": "National Students' Union of India, Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarathi Parishad crack whip on 'rebels'", "text": "JAIPUR: National Students' Union of India and Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarathi Parishad members have suspended rebel candidates for marring the prospects of their candidates in the recently held students' union elections. The rebels proved to be a spoilsport for both wings at all state universities. The NSUI managed to win one presidential post against three previous years on state universities but argues that they have more office-bearers (vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary) than ABVP in state universities.The NSUI had managed two posts - vice-president and general secretary at Rajasthan University and claimed to have the support of majority of students. \"Our presidential candidate in RU was defeated by a thin margin due to our rebel candidate who gained 1,700 votes,\" said Sumit Bhagasara, state president of NSUI. NSUI has suspended Surendra Chaudhary, Vimal Chaudhary, Amit Kumar, Sangram Singh and state NSUI general secretary Pradeep Gadwal.He claimed that their popularity has increased while its arch rival ABVP says that students have rejected NSUI. Subhash Bhartiya, senior ABVP leader says that party has summoned our activist who was found to have dented prospects of our candidates. \"The party has suspended almost 12 activists either contested elections or supported non-ABVP candidates,\" added Bhartiya.Both parties were shocked over extraordinary performance by Independents candidates in the union elections. In Jaipur alone, eight Independents have won presidential elections in colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592900", "title": "Three held for selling govt land", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police arrested three con artistes who duped poor people to the tune of Rs 50 lakh by selling them government land using forged documents. On August 9, Jahangeer Pasha of Singareni Colony approached the Ibrahimpatnam police alleging that five persons had duped him by selling him a 100-square yards plot located at survey numbers 67, 68 of Adibatla village by showing forged documents for Rs 50,000. He later realised that the land was allotted to APIIC by the government for construction of Hardware Park and approached police.Police booked a case and launched a probe during which they discovered that the fraud was executed by Amruthamma, P Krishna, Shanker Naik of Singareni Colony, M Kumara Rajagopal of Kadapa and A Balaji of Shah Ali Banda.\"The five created forged ownership documents of 20 acres, 17 guntas land allotted to APIIC and then sold it to slum-dwellers by charging Rs 50,000 for a 100-sq yards plot. They made about Rs 50 lakh by duping the innocent people,\" police said. On Tuesday, the cops arrested Amruthamma, Krishna and Rajagopal and produced them before court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592664", "title": "APTransco sees grim future", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hinting at difficult days ahead, Transmission Corporation of AP Limited (Transco) on Tuesday said power cuts will continue in the state due to a drastic fall in hydel power generation and gas supply and the continuing dry spell. In spite of the problems, discoms have been directed to ensure seven-hour power supply to the agriculture sector.APTransco, in an official release, said power purchase had increased to 29 million units (MUs) from 16 MU in August last. \"The gap between power requirement and availability is on the rise with shortage of about 67 MU a day\", it said.Transco officials said hydel power generation drastically came down to six million units (MU) as against 36 MU in August 2011. The hydel power generation was affected due to weak monsoon and consequent poor inflows into the reservoirs.The officials said reduction in gas supplies from KG D-6 field resulting in fall of power generation from 39 MU to 22 MU and increase in power demand by 10% were also reasons for the current power crisis in the state.\"Consequent upon non-availability of corridor between new grid and southern grid, the state government could not purchase additional power,\" they claimed.Transco officials said a teleconference was held by Transco chairman and managing director (CMD) Hiralal Samaria with heads of discoms on Tuesday. They were advised to ensure seven-hour power supply to agriculture. As per the new schedule of load relief, three-hour power cuts would be implemented in cities like Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam, Tirupati and Warangal and it would be five hours in district headquarters and corporations.Six-hour load relief would be imposed in towns, municipalities and mandal headquarters. In rural areas, general power supply (for lighting) would be between 6 pm and 6 am and the day's supply would be along with agriculture power supply.Meanwhile, the Transco restored power supply to industrial units on Tuesday after four-day unofficial power holiday.The officials announced three-day power holidays in a week or 12 days a month with evening peak hour restrictions between 6.30 pm and 10.30 pm would be implemented for industrial units. They could avail 10% supply during evening peak hours for lighting purpose.However, Singareni Collieries, drinking water supply, government hospitals, railway traction, airport and defence wings have been exempted from load shedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "15597995", "title": "Boss jailed for dumping dying Indian employee by roadside in Singapore", "text": "SINGAPORE: A court has jailed a Singaporean employer for nine months and fined him $9,500 for leaving his injured Indian employee by the roadside to die two years ago.Tay Kok Eng, 56, was on Tuesday jailed for three months for dumping dying Indian worker Chelladurai Lenin by the side of the road, The Straits Times reported on Wednesday.Tay was jailed another six months for employing the same worker, who was an illegal immigrant.47-year-old Lenin fell and injured his head and leg while changing ceiling lights at a condominium on March 30, 2010.The employer, along with another man, had left Lenin on the road pavement despite hospitalization advise from two doctors at general clinics on March 30, 2010.He was also fined SGD 12,000 ($9,500 approx) for failing to ensure the safety of his worker.Tay, the owner of Midas Maintenance and Services, said Lenin had refused to go to the hospital after doctors had advised him to do so.Police have not identified the other man, reportedly a friend of Lenin, the paper said.After abandoning Lenin, Tay had telephoned the police that he had seen an injured man on the road side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593519", "title": "Take MNS activists to task: R R Patil tells Arup Patnaik", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister R R Patil has asked Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to initiate criminal proceedings against MNS activists for taking out a procession despite prohibitory orders. \"I have asked law-enforcing agencies to invoke provisions of the Bombay Police Act and the Indian Penal Code against MNS activists who marched from Girgaum Chowpathy to Azad Maidan despite the fact that they were not given permission, and prohibitory orders were in force in the metropolis,\" Patil told TOI.According to a senior IPS official, an offence under the Bombay Police Act's Section 145 has been registered against MNS secretary Shirish Sawant for violating prohibitory orders under Section 37 of the Act. Sawant had sought the police commissioner's permission to take out a procession from Girgaum Chowpathy to Azad Maidan. Significantly, no case has been registered against Raj Thackeray, who had given a call to his activists to defy the prohibitory orders. According to reports, initially, there was a move to stop Raj Thackeray. The proposal, though, was dropped since it was felt that such an action will have an adverse impact on the law-and-order situation.Patil said since prohibitory orders were defied deliberately, stern action will be taken against erring MNS activists. \"My instructions are clear. No one will be spared. Those persons who take law into their own hands will be dealt with as per provisions of the law,\" he said.Reacting to the demand for his resignation, Patil said, \"I don't take cognisance of such uncalled-for and politically-motivated demands. In our opinion, during last week's public meeting to protest against violence in Assam , the situation was handled effectively,\" Patil said. The home minister came down heavily on Raj Thackeray saying it was a wrong time to march to Azad Maidan. \"There is tension in several parts of the country. Under such circumstances, it was wrong to take out a procession,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592959", "title": "Chhagan Bhujbal-MET trustee row a pvt matter: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Advocate-general Darius Khambata on Tuesday informed the Bombay high court that the complaint filed by a founder trustee of Mumbai Educational Trust against co-founder trustee, minister Chhagan Bhujbal , appeared to be a private dispute. The complainant, Sunil Karve, can file a private complaint before a metropolitan magistrate, said Khambata.Karve had moved HC against the police for failing to register his complaint of alleged misappropriation of trust funds by Bhujbal. The HC had admitted his plea though the police said there was no case of cognizable offence against Bhujbal. Karve's complaint was that Bhujbal had allegedly misused the trust property in Bandra and misappropriated over Rs 100 crore. Karve said the Bhujbals used the entire 8 floors of the Bandra building for personal business and top floor for residence. The Bhujbals denied the charges. -Swati Deshpande", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15598174", "title": "Hate SMSes: HuJI, PFI role under scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators are looking at the possible involvement of members of south India-based Popular Front of India (PFI) and terrorist group HuJI in spreading communally-charged SMSs and internet postings, even as agencies keep a cautious eye on activities of fundamentalist groups in troubled Assam.Investigators suspect that the specific threat of retribution for atrocities on Rohingya Muslims of Myanmar may well be the result of a coordinated effort of an extremist group \u2014 in all possibility of HuJI, which has a strong presence in Bangladesh.Equally worrying is the investigators' suspicion that some of those rounded up in Maharashtra and Karnataka for circulating venomous SMSes may be members or at least sympathizers of PFI, a confederation of Muslim groups. PFI shot to notoriety in 2010 when two of its activists chopped off the hand of a college lecturer in Kerala for hurting religious sentiments of students.Sources said they were also looking at several internet posts and SMSes that were circulated, especially in Karnataka and AP, possibly by members of some Hindu fundamentalist groups. A source said there was a particular alert from Karnataka that spoke about plans by some Pakistani women settled in the area to target trains passing via Mysore. The alert was traced to a Bajrang Dal member, he said.Meanwhile, sources said given the volatile situation in Assam, security agencies were keeping an eye on the activities of some other terror groups having bases in Bangladesh as well who, they believe, will try to increase their influence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593209", "title": "Scolded by teachers for stealing, teen flees home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 14-year-old son of a businessman from Powai ran away from home reportedly after his teacher scolded him for stealing a mobile worth Rs 25,000 and Rs 400 in cash from his friend's father.However, when the boy's parents lodged a missing person's complaint with the Powai police on August 18, they said their son fled home as he could not bear repeated harassment from his teachers of an international school.The truth unravelled on August 19 when the teachers were called for questioning to the police station. \"The boy, who comes from a well-to-do family and stays in a plush flat in Powai, took to stealing to finance his addiction to video games and partying with friends. He and his friends have stolen several mobiles belonging to friends' parents and teachers as well,\" said an investigator. The boy recently ran out of luck when he stole the mobile and cash from his friend's father at their home. \"The father approached the school and complained. On August 17, the teachers scolded the boy and told him to bring back the mobile if wanted to continue at the school,\" said the police.The boy returned home in the afternoon and reportedly pretended to be depressed as he \"was being harassed and insulted by his teachers for no reason\".TOI was at the police station on August 18 when his parents came and claimed that their son, in a depressed state, left for tuitions and did not return home.They alleged that his act was triggered by harassment from teachers.The police warned the boy's parents for making baseless allegations against the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15591843", "title": "At less than a million, Indian-Americans shine in US poll campaign", "text": "WASHINGTON: Less than a million Indian-Americans \u2014 as little as 0.5% of the US voting population \u2014 are expected to cast their votes in the upcoming presidential elections, but community leaders and rising political stars who trace their roots to the sub-continent are getting an unprecedented share of attention in the run-up to the November polls.Five Indian-origin candidates \u2014 four Democrats and one Republican \u2014 remain in the fray in the Congressional elections that will take place concurrently with the Presidential poll on November 6. And three other political stars, who have already made it to high office at the state level, are listed as marquee speakers at the Republican and Democratic conventions taking place in the next fortnight.Congressional hopefuls who remain in the scrap after a lengthy and expensive primary season include Democrats Upendra Chivukula from New Jersey, Ami Bera from California, Manan Trivedi from Pennsylvania, Syed Taj from Michigan, and Ricky Gill from California. Another candidate, Tulsi Gabbard, who is a practicing Hindu but not of Indian origin, is considered a shoo-in for the House because she has fought her way through the primaries from a Democratic pocket borough in Hawaii.But these rising stars pale before Indian-American political heavyweights some of whom are being spoken of as future aspirants for high office in Washington DC . California's Attorney General Kamala Harris , daughter of an Indian mother and an African-American father, is listed a marquee speaker at the Democratic National Convention in North Carolina next month (Sept 3-6), while Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal and South Carolina governor Nikki Haley , both second generation Indian-Americans who have taken the conservative political route, are among the \"headliners\" at the Republican National Convention at Tampa , Florida, next week.It's the first time that Indian-Americans have featured so prominently at the conventions, where typically in the past, the \"Karma of Brown Folk'' (to borrow the writer Vijay Prashad's felicitous book title) has been restricted to being delegates. \"Our presence has been growing in each election cycle,'' says Ashok Mago, a state-level delegate from Texas who is a long time political activist. \"The numbers are still modest but the profile is getting bigger.''A demographic snapshot of South Asians in the United States crunched out from the 2010 US Census by an NGO group shows the Indian-American population in the US (including multiple ethnicities) grew 68% over the 2000-2010 decade from 1.9 million to 3.19 million. The voting age population of Indian-Americans (who are US citizens) though grew 100% from 2000, when it was 576,000, to 1.15 million in 2010.Assuming a higher turnout than the usual 40% or so for the general population, only around 500,000 Indian-Americans are expected to vote nationwide in the November election, and in no state or district are they in sufficiently high numbers to influence the outcome.But what they lack in numbers they contribute in some measure in money and activism. No other ethnic group outside white, African-Americans, and Latinos \u2014 including Chinese-American and Filipino-Americans who are numerically larger groups than Indians \u2014 have as many political heavyweights. India's ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao, will be at both conventions, as will a host of other foreign envoys; but few will have as many reasons to preen about the political vibrancy of their community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "solapur", "code": "15593201", "title": "Dacoits loot Rs 73.86L from petrol pump employees", "text": "SOLAPUR: Five armed dacoits travelling in a car, decamped with cash of Rs 73.86 lakh after firing and attacking two employees of a petrol pump who were going in a car to deposit the cash in a nationalised bank near Tembhurni on the Pune-Solapur road on Tuesday, just before noon.One of the injured, Sayyad Nayim Tyrewala, has been admitted to a private hospital.Superintendent of police Rajesh Pradhan said a driver and another employee of the Bharat petrol pump at Tembhurni were proceeding in their car to deposit the cash in the bank.The dacoits who were following in a blue Indica, blocked their way and fired seven bullets on the car's windshield about one and half kilometres ahead of Tembhurni.The dacoits took away the bag containing the cash and fled. The incident took place near Venegaon at around 11.30 am.Deputy superintendent of police, Tushar Doshi said another employee of the petrol pump who witnessed the incident, noted the registration number of the Indica (MH44 A 909). A police team rushed to the spot where the firing had taken place and took Tyrewal to a private hospital in Akluj.The police are yet to ascertain whether Tyrewala has been injured due to a bullet injury or due to the broken windshield.Meanwhile, the police said that the dacoits reached Shevte village by the Pandharpur road and left their car.Some eyewitnesses said the dacoits took a red Indica car and drove towards Akluj. The Solapur district police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15597678", "title": "65 more web pages with objectionable content blocked", "text": "NEW DELHI: As probe agencies work overtime to collect 'evidence' against groups involved in creating social unrest in India, around 65 more web pages -- including one created in the name of cricketer Imran Khan's political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf - were blocked on Tuesday for spreading hate messages and doctored videos, taking the total number of such pages to 310.All the 65 web pages, carrying morphed images depicting victims of Assam violence, were created between July 20 and 24 when the violence was at its peak in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts. Majority of the pages were uploaded on various host sites in Pakistan.The list of blocked pages originating in Pakistan also includes inflammatory 'postings' at www.yemtv.com (claimed to be a news channel) and morphed images in the name of another Pakistani political outfit Jammat-i-Islami Pakistan.There are a number of web pages in the name of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) like tehreek-e-insaaf and tehreekeinsaaf.kohat. A couple of fake web pages originated in countries like Kenya and Egypt.\"These have nothing to do with the original website of Imran Khan's PTI. It appears that the bloggers might have created this in the name of a celebrity ( Imran Khan ) just to attract more page views,\" said an official.There are a number of other pages that carry fictitious details of alleged atrocities against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. Such pages were, however, created around July 13-16.\"Investigation is going on to reach the real culprits in India where they picked up those morphed pictures and circulated them in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Mumbai to create panic among people of northeast region in the wake of Assam violence,\" the official said.After blocking these sites, Indian agencies contacted Google and Facebook to provide them with 'server' details including IP addresses so that India could share it as 'evidence' with Pakistan. Besides, India has also contacted the US and Saudi Arabia so that the host 'sites' can share details with India through legal channels.\"Letter Rogatory (LR) will also be sent to both these countries in due course. At present, we expect both these countries to cooperate with us under cyber security protocol as per the policy of the host sites whose servers are located in these countries,\" an official said.Responding to the request, a Google spokesperson in India said, \"We act quickly to remove such material flagged by our users. We also comply with valid legal requests from authorities wherever possible, consistent with our longstanding policy.\"The statement also made it clear that content intended to incite violence, such as hate speech, was prohibited on Google products, including YouTube , Google+ and Blogger.Sources in the home ministry said India would be able to share evidence with Pakistan only when it gets it from Facebook and Google. Home secretary RK Singh is learnt to have communicated this to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and apprised him on information about bulk of the morphed images being traced to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15593301", "title": "Another employee killed in Bokaro Steel Plant accident", "text": "BOKARO: K N Murmu, an employee of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), died after he was hit by a truck on a road inside the plant on Tuesday. Sources in the company said the accident took place around 8.10am in front of Blast Furnace-III when Murmu was going to his workplace. A speeding truck hit him from behind and he died on spot. Chief of communication, BSL, Sanjay Tiwari said, \"The management has provided a job and compensation to a kin of the deceased.\" This is the second fatal accident on the plant premises since August 10, when a contract worker died in Batter-IV of Coke Oven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593713", "title": "Master plan for Technocity ready", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The proposed Technocity in the capital will have a built-up area of up to 30 million square feet and will be located on 450 acres of land at Pallippuram. Its masterplan revealed that when fully commissioned, Technocity will be an integrated IT township, encompassing IT/ITes infrastructure, residential apartments, shopping malls with multiplexes, hospitals, hotels, educational institutions, and other support facilities.The estimated investment would be around Rs 5,000 crores. The city would focus on areas other than IT, such as biotechnology, nanotechnology, high-end manufacturing and research and development. Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, (TCS) has decided to set up their Global Learning Academy with an investment of around Rs 1,500 crore in the 82 acres of land already allotted to them. The TCS academy, one of the largest in Asia will be able to train and accommodate 16,000 IT professionals at a time. Infosys has 50 acres in the Special Economic Zone in Technopark Phase II, and will set up its second campus at Technocity. Technopark plans to develop 50 acres for companies that want to set up their IT/ITES Units in the Technocity campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15595157", "title": "Sachin Pilot launches video conferencing over landline in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Union MoS for communications and Information technology Sachin Pilot on Tuesday launched video conferencing facility over landline in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.\"It is our priority to provide the best connectivity to the brave people living in the border areas of Jammu and Kashmir\", Pilot said during the inauguration of the BSNL venture.Pilot also reviewed the connectivity related issues in the border areas. He said BSNL plans to spend Rs 55 crore this year to increase its presence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15595076", "title": "Hope keeps them going", "text": "LUDHIANA: While most Ludhiana industrialists and traders based in Industrial Area and Focal Point are angry over the power issue, there are some who are optimistic and waiting for the scenario to improve.\"There are a number of projects related to renewable resources that are currently under construction and I am hopeful that once these are in place, the problems will lessen and Punjab will turn a power surplus state by next year. We only need to wait as the advancements will lead to a stage where Punjab is also in a position to give power to other states,\" Ashish Sanwalka, a leading industrialist, told TOI.However, there are some who think these are hollow claims of the government and there is no ray of hope, at least, in the near future.Shamsher Sidhu, who has a spare parts business in Industrial Area, said, \"We pay so much as way of overhead expenses but despite being loyal tax payers, we suffer.\"He added: \"Our bitterness comes from the fact that there is nobody to listen to us. We are paying for our generators and for their canopies, which are a compulsion for controlling noise pollution. Above all, we have to pay increased wages to our workers even as the production is going down.\"Harinder Saini, who runs a steel unit in Focal Point, said, \"At times we are forced to shut down our factories for two days in a week. It affects production and ultimately our businesses are running in losses. We have to make our workers sit idle for hours as there is no power. These are long-term effects that the government needs to pay attention to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592023", "title": "Soon, get minute-by-minute update on flights at airport", "text": "JAIPUR: Next time whenever you go to receive your kin a little early at the Jaipur airport, you are likely to know the exact location where the aircraft carrying your relatives and guests is flying at that moment. You will also get an update whether the particular aircraft has been diverted to some other destination.This will become a reality after the Airport Authority of India (AAI), Jaipur, sets up an Airport Coordination Control System (ACCS) to enable the passengers and their kin for a minute-by-minute update on the flight movements across the country.It would be a round the clock system where the passengers and their relatives can get details on the flight movements over phone. Two personnel of the AAI with the help of flight operators, various airports and air traffic control would be able to identify the exact location of the flight on air.Usually when a flight from a destination, like Mumbai, to Jaipur gets diverted to Delhi following technical reasons or weather, the relatives of passenger arriving in Jaipur get hassled at the airport. This system would eradicate such problems and will facilitate the relatives to get even the minor details.\"It is usually seen that various airlines give inputs on the sign boards on the arrival and departures of the flights only. Even that information is not fully updated by the respective airlines which causes convenience to passengers and relatives. But after implementing this system, the passengers can have information over phone and in person on the exact status of a particular flight and other things round the clock. The control room would be set up at terminal 2 of the Jaipur airport,\" said Paul Manickam, director, AAI, Jaipur on Tuesday.He said he system will enable the passengers and those coming to the airport to receive their guests and relatives to know even minor details - the flight's location at the time of query, if it is diverted to some other destination and at what time it will reach Jaipur.He said logistics are on its way to Jaipur to establish it within a span of one year.\"We have already started the trial of the automated system at Jaipur airport which is just the beginning. After it gets fully operational, other things to streamline ACCS would be put in place ,\" an officer said.Airport coordination control system* It is an integrated system which would provide 24x7 information on various details, including when a flight from station A to destination B would arrive, if a flight to station A to destination B is being diverted to station C, and location of flight coming to Jaipur at the time of query.* After Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata, Pink City and Chennai will have ACCS in place within a span of one year* AAI, Jaipur has already started an automated system which will guide the officials of the air traffic control on the exact locations of various flights across the country to enable them in making decisions on departures and arrival of various flights* Various agencies, including flight operators, air traffic controllers and airports, will come under one roof to share information and circulate it through the integrated system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593750", "title": "Ginger processing unit in Wayanad", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government will soon set up its first ginger processing unit at Meenangadi in Wayanad.State agriculture department plans to foray into the production of value-added products using agriculture produce with this unit.National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology (NIIST) would provide the technology while Malabar Rural Development Foundation under MILMA would be operating agency of the unit.\"Apart from the marketing of cleaned and waxed ginger, the unit proposes to produce ginger oil and powder using raw ginger procured from farmers in the state. We hope the unit would help Kerala to explore the abundant market for value-added ginger products in domestic as well as foreign markets,\" said state agriculture director A Ajith Kumar.The proposal is to set up an integrated spice processing facility capable of processing 7.5 tonnes of fresh ginger a day. Of this, around 4 tonnes would be marketed as cleaned waxed ginger and the rest will be processed for making ginger oil/ginger powder or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594875", "title": "Student poll date yet to be finalized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Suspense continues over the final date for the student elections this year, even as campaigning goes uninterrupted at Panjab University campus, that led to arrest of four students on Tuesday. UT administration is yet to give a final nod to suitable dates despite a letter written by PU's former VC long back.According to PU officials, the dates are likely to be August 31 or September 7. \"The previous vice-chancellor had written to the administration in advance for elections dates but a response is awaited. There is no word on the final dates yet from UT,\" says A S Ahluwalia, dean student welfare (DSW), PU.While UT and PU authorities may be gearing for the poll preparation, student leaders are already disrupting classes and carrying out car rallies for campaigning. On Tuesday, over 200 students gathered at UIET south campus for canvassing, which comprised representatives of both Panjab University Students Union ( PUSU) and Students Organization of Panjab University (SOPU).Last year, the polls were announced a week in advance and eventually held on September 3. University officials traditionally prefer conducting polls on a Friday, so that hostel students vacate campus and go home on weekends, to avoid any trouble and rivalries.\"This is the time to do canvassing in full swing. Once the election code of conduct is announced none of the activities would be allowed. We are meeting students personally and taking about our work in the last one year,\" says a member of SOPU, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15598040", "title": "Madgoan-Vadodara special train on KR route", "text": "MANGALORE: In addition to 112 Ganpati Special Trains already announced on Konkan Railway Route recently, in co-ordination with Western Railway, the Konkan Railway has now introduced six additional Special Trains between Vadodara and Madgaon.Train 09056 Vadodara- Madgaon - Weekly- Reserved Special will leave Vadodara at 6.25 pm and reach Madgaon at 4.30 pm the next day. Similarly, train 09055 will leaveMadgaon at 8 pm and reach Vadodara at 5.20 pm the next day. The train will operate from Vadodara on September 14, 21 and 28 and in the reverse direction it will operate on September 15, 22 and 29.The train will halt at Bharuch, Surat, Navasari, Valsad, Vapi, Vasai Road, Panvel, Roha, Mangaon, Khed, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Ratnagiri, Adavali, Rajapur, Vaibhavwadi, Kankavali, Sindhudurg, Kudal, Sawantwadi, Madure, Pernem, Thivim and Karmali stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15594074", "title": "BIEC staff goes on mass leave", "text": "PATNA: Members of Bihar Intermediate Education Council (BIEC), now merged with Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB), went on an indefinite strike from Tuesday to protest the apathetic attitude of BSEB officials regarding their adjustment to different posts, promotion and implementation of the sixth pay commission.General secretary of BIEC coordination committee Anil Kumar Singh said, \"BSEB management told us that 374 out of 379 people will be adjusted, but we are not satisfied. All 374 members went on an indefinite strike to demand proper adjustment of BIEC staff in BSEB as per the state government resolution that was passed over a month ago.\"Singh said, \"Routine work is disrupted which has resulted in inconvenience for students coming from far off places as their certificates and mark sheets could not be given or scrutiny of their results were not done. In fact, students created a ruckus at the counter but no one from the management even came out.\"BSEB secretary Lalan Jha said, \"We will see what we can do about the problems.\" BSEB chairman Raj Mani Prasad was unavailable for comment.Earlier BIEC members wore black badges on August 13, held a pen-down strike on August 14 and went on mass leave on August 17 as they claim that the merger of BIEC with BSEB was announced in 2007, but the BSEB authorities have not done much to facilitate their adjustment, promotion or recruitment of next of kin of the deceased employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15591820", "title": "Only runs matter for talented Williamson", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was baptism by fire for young Kane Williamson as an injury to skipper Ross Taylor had pushed the 22-year-old into the hot seat in the ODI series against the West Indies last month.Williamson not only became New Zealand's youngest ODI skipper - Stephen Fleming was 23 when he first led the side - but was also the fourth youngest in ODI history. Only Bangladesh's Rajin Saleh and the Zimbabweans Tatenda Taibu and Prosper Utseya were younger when they first took charge in an ODI.Williamson's reign lasted only three matches as Taylor returned for the remaining games. The Kiwis were soundly thrashed in the first two games but Williamson had the satisfaction of seeing his side through the third ODI. Though he feels that it was a good experience, he is happy that his regular skipper is back.\"I was surprised to be handed the team but I enjoyed it. Obviously it was a tough series and there were many challenges. I, however, learnt a lot from those matches. But it is good to have Ross (Taylor) back and adding value back to the team,\" he said here.Does he fancy the hot seat in the coming days? \"I haven't thought much about it. I am more focused on scoring runs and contributing to the team.\"Born into a cricketing family, Williamson had a smashing start to his Test career as he made 131 in his maiden Test innings against India at Ahmedabad in 2010. He became the eighth New Zealander to make a century on debut.\"It was a nice start to my Test career when I played here last time. It seems so long ago now. I am just trying to get a little experience from that series,\" he added. Williamson is trying to take heart from the performances last time as the Kiwis prepare to cross swords with the Indians. The Tauranga native knows that it won't be easy.\"To be competitive and look for victory here, we need to score a lot of runs as a unit. Last time we competed in the first two games before giving it up in the last match. It is important for us to do that even in these two games. But we know it is going to be difficult because of the changing conditions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593117", "title": "Rush eases on Azad Hind Express", "text": "PUNE: On Tuesday, the number of people from the northeast leaving Pune for their hometowns on the Howrah-bound Azad Hind Express dwindled further.There was no overcrowding in the unreserved compartments that had space left to accommodate more. On Monday, around 150 people from the northeast had left from the city.Railway officials said that no additional coach was attached to the rake on Tuesday, because of the decrease in rush. The railway protection force officials, who have been managing the crowd ever since the exodus began on August 16, said the situation has almost returned to normal.Railway officials said the rush on the train has decreased gradually over the last five days. Last Thursday, around 2,000 people from the northeast had boarded the train, with the number reducing to 1,500 on Friday. On Saturday and Sunday, about 800 and 400 people, respectively, had boarded the train.Most people - including workers, professionals and students - had left the city in panic, saying that their families and relatives in the northeast had called them back. Many of them had said they would return once the situation became normal.The railway administration had attached two additional coaches to the rake on Thursday and Friday, while one additional coach was attached on Saturday. The police officials, mayor and student organisations had urged the people to not leave the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594460", "title": "Kurien elected RS deputy chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress member P J Kurien was unanimously elected deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. He replaces K Rahman Khan whose term ended in April.The upper House displayed rare unanimity in Kurien's election by setting aside their confrontation over the CAG report on Coalgate tabled on Friday. The Congress MP's unanimous election is a departure from the presidential and vice-presidential elections when the opposition had forced a contest.Kurien's name was proposed by leader of the House, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and was seconded by leader of opposition Arun Jaitley . Members from several other parties seconded the motion.The House showered lavish praise on Kurien, 71, with the PM saying it was a proof of the wide appreciation and support the Congress leader enjoyed in the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592888", "title": "Attack on Gandhi Hospital doctors", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 22-year-old centering worker's death at Jal Vihar triggered an angry protest by his friends at Gandhi Hospital on Tuesday. The angry mob damaged furniture and reportedly assaulted junior doctors.Abdul Sajid Khan, 22, of Bhola Nagar in Musheerabad was working as a centering worker at Bangalore. Sajid came home for Eid and he along with some friends went to Jal Vihar on Necklace Road on Tuesday afternoon.While he was playing on the slide, a plaything consisting of a chute down which a person slides into water, Sajid suffered a head injury and fell unconscious, Ramgopalpet inspector V Raja Rao said.Sajid was found unconscious by his friends and they immediately shifted him to Gandhi Hospital in '108' ambulance. Sajid's ECG examination revealed that he was dead and the doctors informed the same to his friends. Sajid's friends then thought that he died due to negligence of Gandhi Hospital doctors. A group of 50 people, including Sajid's friends, family members and his neighbours went to Gandhi Hospital at about 4 pm and damaged furniture and glass panes at the Out Patient block. They reportedly assaulted some junior doctors working there too.\"We will be booking cases against the mob for damaging public property and assaulting public servants,\" Gopalpuram ACP PV Muralidhar.Meanwhile, the Ramgopalpet police booked a case under section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC against Jal Vihar management. No arrests have been made yet in both the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598291", "title": "'Disco -82' themed party in Nagpur", "text": "Electrifying energy, colourful attires and a mood to party made the fresher's do of the MBA department of RCOEM memorable. 'Disco -82', was the theme and many donned old world outfits with style.Gaurav Punmali who was dressed as Elvis said, \"Elvis is my all time favourite. His charm was mesmerizing and that's why when I came to know about the theme of this do, I decided to dress up like him!\"Sending a rush of adrenaline was the upbeat music, which made the youngistan groove crazily to the tunes of it. While some girls was seen throwing in some sizzling old school moves, Neha Badgaiaya and Namrata Maniyar seemed inseparable as they danced together.Away from the world of dancing, a couple was seen lost in their own world untouched by the whole musical magic. Enjoying her time was one of the seniors Renuka Kange who said, \"I never thought I would share such a comfortable quotient with my juniors in such a short time. I've made a couple of good friends amongst the juniors and I look forward to make some more!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15593041", "title": "Bhandara cops seek details on college fraud from Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Annoyed by Nagpur University's inaction in Bhandara College fraud case, the police on Tuesday write to NU demanding information on some issues. \"After waiting for their enquiry report all these days, we have finally asked them to reply on certain issues like number of question sets and answer-sheets they had dispatched to Shivaji Science College and whether they had any idea about increase in number of students at this centre,\" police sub-inspector (PSI) at Pauni PB Talekar told TOI.He added that last week's holidays had also led to delay in police taking action against college principal Namdeo Meshram and senior clerk Jitendra Kirsal, even after they were booked on Friday itself. On the other hand, NU's Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) finally submitted its enquiry report to controller of examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane. However, Kane proceeded to Aurangabad on some official work and hence, NU will submit the report to Bhandara police only by August 24. \"The report will be first placed before the NU Board of Examinations (BoE),\" Kane said.Initially, police were reluctant to lodge an FIR on comlaint filed by 54 students duped by Kirsal. The clerk had not submitting their exam forms to NU Exam Section and also pocketed Rs17,000 paid by them as exam fees. It was only after TOI's raised the issue on Friday that they registered the FIR against principal and clerk under sections 420 and 468 of IPC.Earlier, Bhandara superintendent of police Aarti Singh had cited absence of concrete proof, including documents, to nail the duo and told TOI that they would visit the college on Tuesday. Talekar stated that they will be visiting the college for documents on Wednesday. Exam in-charge Sanjay Raibole has still not been booked even though he allowed these students to appear in the exams with fake I-cards issued by Kirsal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15595226", "title": "Assange protest: UK websites hacked", "text": "LONDON: As a diplomatic impasse over the extradition of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange continues, a computer hacking group has attacked government websites in protest against Britain's handling of the issue. Britain says nothing has changed in its commitment to extradite Assange to Sweden to face allegations of sexual offences.Assange, who was granted diplomatic asylum by Ecuador last week, addressed his supporters on Sunday and continues to function from its embassy here.Anonymous, the computer hacking group, is reported to have hacked into the websites of 10 Downing Street, home office and the ministry of justice on Monday. However, the websites were working as normal on Tuesday. The ministry of justice said in a statement: \"The ministry of justice website was the subject of an online attack on Monday night at around 20.00 BST. This is a public information website and no sensitive data is held on it. No other ministry systems have been affected\".According to the BBC, Anonymous has gained notoriety by launching denial-of-service attacks, which flood websites with requests, causing them to operate more slowly or fail, on international government and corporate websites since 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15598705", "title": "Parliament disrupted again as Opposition seeks PM's resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A spirited opposition today forced adjournment of Parliament till 2pm over the issue of coal block allocation with members making a vociferous demand for resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Soon after Speaker Meira Kumar made an obituary reference in the Lok Sabha on the demise of former member Prabhat Singh Chauhan, who passed away on July 1, members from NDA and some Left parties trooped into the Well.Most of the BJP members, who refused to heed to Kumar's appeal for peace, were heard demanding Singh's resignation in the wake CAG reports on coal block allocation and two other issues.Amid din, Minister of State in the PMO V Narayanasamy also appealed to the opposition members to allow the House to run. As the opposition members were unrelenting, Kumar adjourned the proceedings till noon.In the Rajya Sabha, BJP-led NDA members were on their feet shouting slogans demanding Prime Minister's resignation. \"Istifa do, istifa do, Pradhan Mantri istifa do (Prime Minister resign),\" they chanted.Chairman Hamid Ansari told members not to raise slogans and asked senior BJP member M Venkiah Naidu as to what he wanted to speak. Naidu then said, \"we want Prime Minister to go\" and not a mere statement on the issue.Amid slogan shouting, Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs Rajiv Shukla said the opposition \"should not run away from discussion\". \"Koyle ki dalali hai, sari Congress kali hai\" (there is scam in coal allocation, Congress is responsible), some opposition members shouted. Ansari then adjourned the House for 30 minutes.When the Rajya Sabha reassembled, similar scenes were seen and the House was adjourned again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593178", "title": "Girl swept away at Satara waterfall still untraced", "text": "PUNE: Sakshi Ravindra Pawar (11) of Pune, who was swept away by the gushing water of the Thoseghar waterfall in Satara on Sunday afternoon, has still not been traced.On Tuesday, a team from the Satara taluka police, trekkers from the Sahyadri group and Mahabaleshwar Adventure group, and a team of professional divers from a Mumbai-based underwater engineering company conducted massive search operations from the brink of the waterfall till its base. But they could not find Sakshi.Inspector Shirang Langhe of the Satara taluka police station, who is monitoring the search operation, said that the searches were on till late evening. \"But we could not trace the girl,\" he said. Langhe said that on Wednesday, the trekkers from the Mahabaleshwar Adventure group will look for Sakshi from the base of the waterfall till its brink.(With inputs from Atul Deshpande)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15593004", "title": "Contractors bid low, cut corners on road works", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) spent Rs 45-55 crore on asphalting of roads in the past fiscal but condition of many roads has deteriorated within months. A major reason is poor quality work as contractors spend just 60% of project cost on road works and escape without any action.Many roads destructed within a few months of repairs thus wasting huge amount of public money. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari confirmed the poor quality of work. NMC officials say this was expected as contractors in order to bag works, quote rates much below the cost determined by the NMC. The average bidding was 15-20% below the estimated cost. NMC insiders say the contractors normally work on 10% profit margin. Besides, they have to spend around 7-8% to grease the palms of NMC officials and others to get their bills cleared, 4-5% goes towards VAT, and 2% as income tax. Thus only around 60% of project cost remains to be spent on actual works which makes for inferior quality.Tiwari, however, slammed NMC engineers for the situation saying it was their job to ensure quality of works. \"Engineers are not doing it. They should not approve bids below 15% without any explanation from the contractors. Ensuring quality of work is impossible if rates quoted are below 10% of estimated cost. If engineers enforced quality by monitoring work and testing samples contractors would not be able to get away with low quality. The engineers are not taking samples for testing from the road,\" he said.Tiwari said, \"I directed the engineers not to issue work orders unless contractors are able to explain how they would ensure quality at rates they have quoted. Besides, contractors will be forced to repair the road for three years in case of any damage. Action will be initiated against engineers and contractors these guidelines are not followed.\"A contractor said the reason for low bids was increase in competition since introduction of e-tendering. Tiwari is engaged in collecting data on road works done in the last fiscal and rates at which the work orders were issued. \"Entire system needs to be revamped and it will be done after compilation of data,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593687", "title": "Invoking Maha dharma, Raj vows to protect cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday slammed home minister R R Patil and Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik, even as he warned that the unchecked influx of illegal Bangladeshi immigrants posed a threat to city's fragile peace. In a 17-minute speech delivered from Azad Maidan after taking out a rally from Girgaum Chowpatty, Thackeray said, \"There is a boundary which no one should cross. There should be no physical assaults on policemen and officials. My party will always stand by the cops whenever such cases happen. If policemen are assaulted where will the ordinary citizen go with their grievance?\" Thackeray accused Patnaik of asking a senior police officer to set free a miscreant. \"Women constables were manhandled and molested. Policemen were assaulted. Patnaik did not come to their rescue. By behaving in such a manner, the police commissioner has demoralized cops,\" he said.Thackeray slammed the DF government and home minister R R Patil of the NCP for creating administrative hurdle in the MNS rally. \"Similar queries were not asked when Raza Academy held its protest rally on August 11 at Azad Maidan. Raza Academy has a dubious track record. Samajwadi Party leader Abu Asim Azmi had delivered a provocative speech in Bhiwandi at the Raza Academy rally a few years ago. At the end of the Bhiwandi rally, the miscreants slaughtered two cops. Why was such an organization given permission to hold a rally on August 11?\" he said.\"The MNS has no target. Our only target is Patnaik and Patil. If they have an iota of shame left in them, Patil and Patnaik should put in their papers immediately.\"Pouring more ridicule on Patnaik, Thackeray said Vasant Dhoble, the controversial ACP of the social service branch, visits a juice centre with a hockey stick in his hands. Patnaik backs Dhoble to the hilt. However, on August 11 the police commissioner battered the moral of the Mumbai policemen.Thackeray warned that the unchecked influx illegal Bangladesh migrants posed a threat to Mumbai's fragile peace. \"They have safe havens in Uttar Pradehs and Bihar. From there these illegal migrants come to Mumbai to foment trouble,\" he said and further alleged that Bangladeshi migrants played a crucial role in the August 11 violence.Thackeray slammed dalit leaders Prakash Ambedkar and Ramdas Athavale and former UP chief minister Mayawati for not condemning the latest incidence in Lucknow when several miscreants went on the rampage and desecrated Buddha's statue.Denying that he was playing the Hindu card, he said his only dharma was the Maharashtra dharma. \"Any person who tries to take law into his hands, beats up cops, the media person, and molest women cops, deserves the severest condemnation from me and my party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594629", "title": "Online land record mutations yet to pick up pace", "text": "NASHIK: Though the process of electronically upgrading the changes in land records through the central government's National Land Records Modernization Programme (NLRMP) has started in Dindori tehsil, online entries from the sub-registrar's office are yet to pick up pace.\"Under NLRMP, the time bound programme of registering changes (mutation entries) in record of rights (RoR) has begun and the total number of records updated has reached the figure of 7,586. However, online records entered at the sub-registrar's office have failed to pick up pace because of lack of knowledge about the procedure,\" officials from the revenue department said.The officials added that the entries were yet to be taken up because the work of updating the data of 151 villages was being carried out. The programme is about ensuring entries within a period of twenty days from the day a request is generated - which happens after the application regarding the service required is made with the officer. The settlement commissioner can view every case that has been completed or pending in the stipulated time frame and beyond as well. Under the programme, when a talathi, the revenue official of a village, receives any request for a change in property records (mutation), he sends an SMS with the village code to the National Informatics Centre (NIC) server, which processes the request and generates a code. At the same time if there is any sale of land registered at sub-registrar's office for the same village, even then the server assigns a code and sends it to the talathi on its own.With this, the buyer of land is not required to visit the talathi's office with a request to add his name to land records and it is updated within 30 days , an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598911", "title": "20 Best ingredients for low calorie cooking", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592456", "title": "Slow road expansion and nala work annoys Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation commissioner MT Krishna Babu has directed engineering officials to complete road expansion and nala widening works on SP Road near Kochar apartment in Begumpet immediately.The commissioner was angry over the slow pace of works, especially the progress of nala widening where only two of the three vents were completed in the past two years. He also inspected SP Road and Fatehnagar flyover works. He said a fresh set of safety measures with colourful and collapsible bollards along with glowing studs would be put in place on SP Road along dividers from HPS till the end of Greenlands flyover at a cost of Rs 4.5 lakh to prevent accidents on the 500-metre stretch. The work would start next week. He said the GHMC had already provided safety features on the road a year ago like rumble strips, studs, chevron markings, collapsible bollards with radium stickers, signboards, blinkers etc. but they got worn out.He further inspected the road over bridge ( RoB ) work from Begumpet to Fatehnagar and directed officials to complete it immediately. He also visited Indiragandhi puram along with Kukatpally MLA Jayaprakash Narayan.GHMC officials said nearly 120 houses would be affected in widening the link road. He directed the officials to hold a meeting with the locals to take up housing programme under the Rajiv Awaas Yojana.The GHMC chief also inspected Lakdikapul bridge and other works related to widening of nalas, CC roads at Film Nagar, Shaikpet, Tolichowki and interacted with officials and contractors and directed them to expedite works on priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593253", "title": "Central tiger conservation delegation visits Palamu", "text": "RANCHI: A three-member team from the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) is on a field visit to the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) to assess the state of conservation of the big cat in Jharkhand.The team members held talks with villagers, forest guards and staff engaged in the conservation of forests, development of green cover and eco development.Though no official could be contacted over phone for his comment, sources at PTR said they were pretty dissatisfied with the conservation efforts at the park. They will continue with their field visit on Wednesday also.Sources said the NTCA is vexed with the rapid decline in the number of tigers at PTR. The appraisal team will also meet the Jharkhand forest secretary on Thursday and hold discussions with him.The NTCA team consists of former director of Tiger Project, P K Sen, who is also the former wildlife warden of Jharkhand; retired principal chief conservator of forests, Tamil Nadu , S Raju; and Jyoti Das of NTCA. The Jharkhand principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), A K Malhotra, also accompanied the officials during their inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598856", "title": "Ozomatli sings to kids in new disc", "text": "Ozomatli, the band that gained international fame with its fusion of styles ranging from salsa, jazz, funk and reggae to rap, cumbia, merengue and hip hop, now adds to its repertoire a new disc for youngsters dubbed \"Ozokidz\".The original idea, according to vocalist and trumpet player Asdrubal \"Azdru\" Sierra, arose when band members commented on the constant absence of friends and fans from their concerts.\"We knew a lot of fans didn't come to our shows because they couldn't get a babysitter, so that's where we got the idea of doing concerts that were kid-friendly as well,\" he said.Their idea finally came together when PBS television asked them to record some educational numbers for its online children's programming.At the same time, Sierra said, the band wanted to be proud of their recording as musicians.\"My kids played their records for me and they were horrible to listen to, which is why we wanted to make a disc that grown-ups could enjoy too,\" he said.\"Ozokidz\" is made up of 14 songs including \"Pirana\", \"Let's Go to the Movies ,\" \"Germs\" and \"Changuito\", which don't sound like traditional children's music but they do have educational messages.\"We don't want to get mixed up in politics but we do want to teach good manners, good behaviour and the difference between good and bad,\" Sierra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592834", "title": "Despite court orders,11 accused in NDCCB fraud fail to turn up for hearing", "text": "NAGPUR: A day before the hearing, lawyers representing the accused in Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank's (NDCCB) Rs 150 crore fraud case, had exuded confidence that nothing would happen in this matter. As the case once again came up before the court on Tuesday, they proved to be right.Despite strict directions in the previous hearings, all the 11 accused were not present for the hearing, which eventually delayed the framing of charges, without which the case cannot move further. One of them, Subodh Bhandari, moved an application which simply read that he could not attend the hearing as he was not well and hence an exemption from personal application be granted in the 'interest of justice'. Unlike earlier applications even the ailment was not mentioned leave aside having a medical certificate backing the claim attached. The application was accepted as it was noted exemption granted only for this hearing.Bhandari is one of the brokers through whose firm the cooperative bank's money was routed to be invested, in government securities. The securities were never purchased neither did the bank get back the funds.Congress MLA from Saoner Sunil Kedar, the main accused, was present though. Along with him came the alleged mastermind Sanjay Agrawal of M/s Home Trade. For the latter it was coming back to Nagpur after a decade when he was produced in the same court. But it was of no avail for the prosecution as the proceedings passed on to just another date - October 1. Among the others present were Mahendra Agrawal, Ketan Sheth, Sriprakash Poddar, Suresh Peshkar.As a smiling Agrawal walked out of the court, he told he was in Kolkata these days. He along with two others was fined Rs 100 each for non-appearance.His application said that he could not attend the hearings as he was being tried in different states across the country and was in jail till February 2012 and could not attend the previous hearing on July 3, as he had to appear before the CBI court on the same date.In another move, which is likely to further delay the proceedings, Mahendra Agrawal moved an application to get a copy of the charge-sheet translated in Hindi as he does not understand Marathi in which the document is drafted. Strangely the charge-sheet was filed in 2002 itself, and it is now that this accused has realized that he needs to get a copy in the language he knows. Till then he also wants an exemption from appearance.(take as inset)It is not the Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) alone which Sanjay Agrawal's M/s Home Trade is charged of duping. The company is alleged of garnering similar amounts from various banks across the country only to be stashed away, In Maharashtra itself, district central cooperative banks in Wardha and Osmanabad have lost Rs 25 crore and 30 crore respectively to this firm apart from almost similar funds being taken from Pune's Jangli Maharaj Bank during 2001 to 2002. Apart from the cooperative banks, Home Trade is also being tried for swindling Rs 90 crore from Seamen's Provident Fund.A defence lawyer boasted that the geographical spread of the cases itself will act in Agrawal's favour. The hearings in different cases often overlap, due to which Agarwal and other brokers have to miss the attendance in some court or other. They hope that due to the same reason there will be a tardy progress in the NDCCB case too.\"It is just a criminal case with recovery of funds lost, not being matter in consideration. There are all the chances that Agrawal may still walk away even after being acquitted, as he may have already spent enough time in custody so as to compensate for the jail term ruled by the court,\" said a lawyer representing one of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594769", "title": "SMS addicts circumventing ban", "text": "BHOPAL: The SMS and MMS addicts have found out ways to beat the 15-day ban on bulk messaging in the country enforced by the government in the wake of their fall out in disturbing peace and harmony. Free messaging solutions offer the best platform for people to beat the ban of bulk messages.It's simple, personal and unlimited real time messaging helps smart phones pre-paid users to bypass the 15-day ban on bulk SMS and MMS. Adding no extra cost, these applications use the same internet data plan that is available for email and web browsing, with push notifications fetching their messages, instantly.\"A lot of my business thrives on SMS texting. I've advised my contacts on installing the application,\" said businessman and IT consultant Manish Kataria. In addition to text messaging, users even send each other images, video and audio media messages from the applications.Free text applications like WhatsApp, Viber, BlackBerry Messenger and Nimbuzz are in demand among smartphone users after the ban. Applications like WhatsApp, Viber works on cross platforms, using the mobile number as an identity of the user. \"It does not matter which smart phone you use, upon installation, it creates a user account using one's phone number as username,\" said Narendra Menghwani, who has installed some 100 such applications in the past week.Once installed the application synchronizes with the phone's address book, listing all users in one's contact list already using the same application. An invite can be send to a favourite contact.\"After the first day of the ban coming into effect, some 50 of my contacts have started using WhatsApp,\" said Kataria. The ban limits SMS (more than 5) and MMS (more than 5, not exceeding 25kb each) on pre-paid users.Users with more advanced phones are using Viber to place calls. \"I got installed Viber on new iPhone 4S to make calls to my friends abroad. Since last week I'm using it to send pictures and text,\" said Samir Sheikh, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592988", "title": "Paper Mill Colony utilises waste material for maintenance of park", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the entire municipal administration with its army of workers has virtually failed to manage city's municipal wastes, people of Paper Mill Colony have come together to solve the problem for themselves. Instead of discarding the household waste on streets, the residents of this colony dump the garbage in a pit where it is converted into a bio-compost.\"We do not waste, waste materials,\" said Prabha Chaturvedi, a resident of the Paper Mill Colony, the brain behind this venture. Since past 18 years, she ensures that the waste generated in the locality's house do not make way to the street, but is dumped in the couple of pits, dug up in a park. She keeps two dust-bins, one for degradable and other for non-degradable waste. Degradable waste mainly consists of kitchen waste, which is dumped into the pits. Non-degradable waste such as plastics, metals and glass are given to rag-pickers.Like Prabha Chaturvedi, there are 70 members in the locality who also do not dispose off the garbage on the streets. Along with the household wastes, the garbage of the park such as twigs and dry leaves are dumped in the pits and is mixed with cow dung. The garbage is converted into manure and is used for plants. Every month, the park produces one quintal of compost and is sold for Rs 25 per five kilograms. \"The maintenance of the park costs Rs 4,000 per month and is met by the money which we earn after selling the manure. People from distant places come to purchase this manure,\" said Pradeep Sinha, another resident.Recalling the problems faced by them during the initial years, Malika Sahay, a housewife, said, \"Earlier people were not ready to listen to them and used to shut doors on their face. In many colonies, people mix all kind of waste material and throw it on the streets. The waste gets spilled all over the city and Lucknow Municipal Corporation is unable to clean it. But, if we properly decompose it, we can create a clean and healthy environment.\"The residents of Paper Mill Colony have set an example for others to follow. \"Some people in other localities like Indiranagar dump their garbage in the pit which they have dug up in their garden,\" said Ranvijay Singh , a lecturer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593409", "title": "People unhappy with shutdown of wine shops", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court's order for the closure of liquor shops and bars located within 500 meter radius of educational, religious and health institutions has hit not only party aficionados but also workaholics, young tipplers (over 21years of age) and music promoters hard.Altogether, 128 bars and lounge bars and 303 liquor shops were closed following the order, which was put into effect on August 9. Two and a half weeks after the closure of liquor shops, scores of 'booze lovers' are continuing their tedious journey to Khanapara, across the Meghalaya border in the outskirts of the city, to score whatever brands of liquor they can get hold of. They have been causing serious traffic jam in the area every evening. Since August 9, people queuing outside the wine shops have become a regular sight in the Meghalaya side of Khanapara. There have been reports of black marketing as well.\"If this was the actual parameter of the rule, the city administration should have checked the mushrooming of booze shops in the city earlier. Also, not all those who buy liquor from these shops are alcoholics. I work for six days a week and after getting home I have to engage myself with my family and it is only during the weekends that I get to unwind and relax with my friends with a peg or two,\" said Smita (name changed), a model and anchor.The city witnessed a steady growth of night life here, but the GS Road molestation incident proved to be a nip-in-the-bud for the nascent night life and the closing down of bars and liquor shops is the last nail on the coffin of 'night life'.\"My prospects have been affected profusely. I am a rock music promoter and most my sponsors are popular alcohol brands and with the closure of pubs, bars and lounge bar,s it is not only the bands who are suffering but also their future prospects. 90% of my work is being affected and it creates an adverse impression on the state for being susceptible and fickle. My musicians are losing out on their employment opportunities,\" said David Koach.\"I need time to relax, unwind and converse with my friends, but now the charm has been taken away. People may resort to other illegal substance abuse since alcohol is the only legal intoxicant available,\" said an employed woman and a party aficionado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593445", "title": "15L illegal buildings counted, not seen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There may be 15 lakh illegal buildings in Gujarat, but the state government agencies certainly do not have any idea where these buildings are.Surprising it may seem but here is the truth. The urban development department's claim before the Gujarat high court, that there are 15 lakh unauthorized structures in the state, has officials at municipal corporations and nagarpalikas scratching their heads as to how exactly did the government arrived at the figure.Most of civic bodies are yet to conduct a detailed survey of illegal structures in their jurisdiction areas. The numbers were important for the effective implementation of the impact fee law.For instance, the Gandhinagar Urban Development authority (Guda), which has jurisdiction over Gandhinagar and thereby over the area housing private bungalows of most of the senior state government officers, does not have a list of illegal strictures in the capital city of Gujarat.What's more, while the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) may have claimed that there are five lakh illegal structures in the city, it can point at only 50,000 such buildings. The issue came up when the AMC had to issue notices to various property owners.\"We have now started a survey of commercial properties in different wards of the city. We are looking out for buildings that have made illegal extensions and rooms and are issuing them notices on the spot,\" says a senior AMC official.\"The list that we had was prepared by officers who added any illegal structures they came to know of during routine visits,\" he adds.A Guda official also claimed that wherever necessary, they have been issuing notices and ensuring that the illegal construction was removed. \"But we do not have a consolidated list of illegal structures in the city. We are in the process of identifying such properties,\" claimed the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15594101", "title": "Fishers released, allege brutality by SL", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram, who were released after being detained by the Sri Lankan navy, have alleged that they were attacked brutally by the island nation's naval personnel. According to a statement from the Indian Coast Guard (ICG), 13 Indian fishermen detained by the Sri Lankan navy early on Monday morning were released on Tuesday.The commander of Indian Coast Guard region (East) inspector general S P Sharma said fishermen were released by the Sri Lankan navy after interrogations. The 13 fishermen have reported at the Mandapam station of the coast guard on Tuesday afternoon, according to ICG officials. However, fishermen sources differed with the number and said 16 were detained. They stated that there were some young boys without identity cards.On Monday morning, the fishermen went into the sea as usual and at around 9.30pm, the Sri Lankan naval personnel, who came in their vessels detained three mechanised boats and the crew when they were fishing in the waters between Katchatheevu and Neduntheevu. They were taken to Neduntheevu base and were released on Tuesday afternoon after interrogation. The fishermen, who returned to Rameswaram on Tuesday evening, narrated harrowing tales of brutality from the hands of the Sri Lankan navy.The fishermen stated that they were kept in the sea for hours before taken to the base and the navy personnel attacked them with shovels, and beating them black and blue. The naval personnel also apparently threatened the fishermen. They also claimed that 150kg of fish, 60kg of prawns and four mobile phones were seized from them.After the fishermen returned to shore, S Adimai (55), who suffered severe injuries in the attack has been admitted in Thangachimadam Government Hospital and was later referred to the Ramanathapuram General Hospital. Rescued fishermen said that Adimai was caught in the boat while the others jumped into the sea to escape the torture. \"They beat us repeatedly telling us that we should be the news in media and not the five fishermen languidhing in Sri Lankan prisons,\" one of the fishermen said.Such kind of brutality has created panic among the fishermen community as the Sri Lankan Navy normally hands them over to the custody of the police or court. Fishermen associations charged that it was a method to divert their attention as the court hearing of the five Thangachimadam fishermen held in Sri Lanka from November 2011, is scheduled on August 22. \"It is an intimidation method to demoralise the fishermen fighting for the cause of their arrested colleagues. They have attacked the fishermen in a brutal manner,\" said B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association.U Arulanandam of Alliance for the Release of Innocent Fishermen, said they were shocked by this sudden brutality. \"Adimai has suffered serious injuries and it appears that one of his rib bones is fractured. The fishermen told us that they were taken to a naval base and a doctor inspected the injured people. It appears after the doctor suggested them to be sent away, the navy had taken the decision of sending the fishermen without any further remand,\" he said. \"We are pained by this development and consider that the Sri Lankans are mocking at our governments and their statements,\" a fishermen from the locality commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592138", "title": "Biker cops to create \u2018dhoom\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: In a move to strengthen the skills of 80 policemen who night patrol on bikes, Jaipur police commissionerate officials will hire professional riders to sharpen cops' bike-riding skills. Officials were busy chalking out the modalities to hire professional riders.NGO Sahas, which is a group of professional riders, had approached the officials of the commissionerate for offering their services voluntarily, and the officers also liked the idea. Bike riders participating in various racing competitions had given the officials a brief presentation on how they can help the police in sharpening the bike-riding skills.Jaipur has witnessed rampant increase in the cases of chain snatching and robbery in which mostly bike-borne assailants were involved.Vaishali Nagar, Mansarovar, Vidhyadhar Nagar and Adarsh Nagar are infamous for such crimes.To check such incidents, officials recently also got a fleet of 60 bikes. \"Earlier we had merely 20 bike rider cops. Now the number has increased to 80. After having the required fleet of vehicles, our priority is to sharpen their skills to reduce the incidents of robbery and chain-snatching,\" said a senior police officer.On this, commissioner of police, B L Soni on Monday, said, \"These 80 riders are being used by various police stations in their patrolling. Now, in order to sharpen the skill of our riders and train them in aggressive riding, we have planned to hire a group of professional riders,\" said BL Soni.\"Initially, we will organise training camps for our riders where these professional riders will coach them. In latter course, we are also planning to hire some of them and engage them in patrolling,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593490", "title": "Maharahstra, TN account for 36% of sub-standard drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost one in three drugs (36%) found \"not of standard quality\" from across India last year were from Maharashtra (23%) and Tamil Nadu (13%) alone.Around 9.2% of the rest of the sub-standard quality drugs were from Kerala, Gujarat (8.5%), Karnataka (7.2%), Uttar Pradesh (6.9%), Jammu &amp; Kashmir (6.08%) and Rajasthan (5.8%).Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Tuesday that of the 48, 082 drug samples tested by state drug controllers between 2011 and 2012 (till October); 2,186 samples, or around 4.5% failed the quality test.In comparison, 4.9% of the samples tested in 2009-10 and 4.7% in 2011-11 were sub-standard. Of these, around 133 samples \u2014 almost 6% \u2014 were found to be spurious or adulterated, the minister said.The maximum number of samples tested were from Maharashtra (6,928), followed by Karnataka (5268), Andhra Pradesh (4,758), Tamil Nadu (4,110), Kerala (3,904), Punjab (3,031) and Gujarat (2,874).A very few samples were tested in Delhi (283) of which only 13 samples \u2014 around 4.5% \u2014 were found to be sub-standard.As far as spurious or adulterated drugs are concerned, which has no active ingredient or is an expired drug that has been re-labeled and sold, Gujarat recorded the highest number of such samples at 64, followed by Maharashtra (19), UP (11) and Delhi (9). Union health ministry officials say there are more than 10,000 drug manufacturers and more than six lakh outlets that sell fake drugs.Experts say acute shortage of drug inspectors (DI) is hampering the nation's fight against spurious and fake drugs.The Central Drug Standard Control Organization (CDSCO), which lays down standards of drugs, estimates that the nation requires 3,200 DIs for its six lakh chemists, but only about 1,000 DIs are available. The size of India's pharmaceutical industry is pegged at Rs 90,000 crore of which 40% is exported.CDSCO estimates that in the next five years, drug exports may rise from Rs 42,000 crore to Rs 2 lakh crore.Azad said \"spurious drugs not only affect the citizens' health but also the prestige of the country's pharmaceutical trade interests.\"The Union health ministry had earlier formulated a whistleblower policy \u2014 to handsomely reward both public and officers who help seize spurious, adulterated and misbranded drugs, cosmetics and medical devices. The policy stipulated a reward of maximum of 20% of the total cost of consignments seized as payable to the informer that won't exceed Rs 25 lakh for a case. However, the policy fell flat.The working group on health for the 12th five year plan has recommended setting up of eight new Central Drugs Testing laboratories for Rs 320 crore, besides upgrading the six existing ones for Rs 15 crore each.Although many labs have facilities for testing of drugs (quality), they aren't equipped to test contaminated substance in drugs, it said.It has also suggested setting up of a state-of-the-art pharmaceutical research laboratory to carry out analysis of drugs at a cost of Rs 50 crore.It has also suggested setting up of mobile drug testing laboratories to curb spurious drugs' menace. The health ministry estimates that 5% of drugs in India are counterfeit, while another 0.3% is spurious.A counterfeit medicine has no active ingredient, or is an expired drug that has been re-labeled and sold. It is different from a fake drug that may not resemble the original.A Planning Commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) on universal health coverage recently brought to light the widespread use of irrational drugs. \"The market is awash with irrational, non-essential and hazardous drugs,\" it said.Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) estimated that about 46 banned fixed dose combination drugs (FDCs) continue to be marketed irrespective of the ban.\"There is a clear need to phase out hazardous, non-essential and irrational medicines and irrational Fixed Dose Drug Combinations. Recent reports on anti-microbial drug resistance in India clearly point to the need to end the irrational drug prescription and dispensing practices,\" the panel suggested.According to The Lancet, in developing countries like India, 10%-30% of medicines are feared to be counterfeit.World Health Organization (WHO) says that counterfeit drugs proliferate because the profits are huge and the risks are low. Studies estimate fake medicines rake in upto $80 billion a year, but penalties for getting caught are relatively modest.WHO's latest estimates show more than 30% of the medicines sold in south-east Asia are counterfeit. In emerging economies, WHO pegs that figure at 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15593265", "title": "Struck by rebels, CPM looks for SFI leader at JNU", "text": "KOLKATA: With the SFI hit by the rebel Prasenjit Bose bug at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, CPM politburo members have begun the search for a candidate for the president's post in the coming JNU students' union elections.Most of the SFI activists have quit the parent student organization to float JNU-SFI, which has got the backing of many Left intellectuals, Bose, former Bengal finance minister Ashok Mitra and AISA that controls JNU's student union.As a long-term measure, SFI leaders have appealed to state units to look for activists willing to take the JNU entrance test in 2013. The step is meant to rejuvenate the SFI unit in the university.\"Traditionally, many students come to JNU for studies and join student politics under the SFI banner. This is conformity with the SFI slogan \u2014 study and struggle,\" says SFI general secretary Ritabrata Banerjee.Banerjee says, \"As part of the SFI's plan, five-six central committee members from Delhi will go to states to support the organization's activities. The names will be finalized at the SFI's all-India conference to be held in Madurai.\"Some senior party leaders say the process is not likely to yield desired results. The rebellion at JNU and dissolution of the SFI unit has triggered a debate among the Left intellectuals and among party ranks.JNU professor C P Chandrasekhar, who has been invited to inaugurate SFI's Madurai conference, has written an open letter to SFI president P Biju, expressing concern over the way the mass organization's independence has been curbed.\"We are deeply concerned that the dissolution of the JNU SFI unit may seriously harm the progressive student movement, especially since the SFI-JNU has resolved to continue its adherence to the programme and constitution of the SFI. We request the all-India leadership of SFI to reconsider and reverse the disciplinary actions taken by the Delhi state committee,\" says the open letter signed by Chandraseskhar along with 95 others.Banerjee, however, says, \"The decision of the SFI Delhi state committee was ratified unanimously at the organization's central committee meet on August 10. An organizing committee of SFI has already been formed at JNU that will take the shape of a unit committee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592746", "title": "8 hurt in clashes at Nangloi, teargas fired", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was tension in the Nangloi area in west Delhi for the second consecutive day on Tuesday after two groups fought pitched battles on the streets hurling stones at each other. The violence continued for over two hours, prompting the police to fire at least 12 rounds of teargas. Not wanting to take any chances, Delhi Police deployed 500 men from west district and reserve battalions.Police sources confirmed that at least eight persons, including rioters and five policemen, were injured. Unofficial sources put the number at 15.According to locals and the police, trouble started on Monday afternoon when some girls returning home were allegedly teased by a few men near the Metro station.\"Their brothers were nearby and they protested. A scuffle ensued. When the news spread, both groups called for reinforcements. A few minutes later, there was stone-pelting. This continued for over 45 minutes before the police could seek the help of elders to bring the situation under control,'' said an eyewitness who did not wish to be named.On Tuesday, the police had set up special pickets. However, both groups live in close proximity, opposite each other. Three-four boys of one group were standing in a balcony and spotted another group on the other side. Exchange of angry words soon led to stone-pelting and those walking past or standing on the road got hurt. \"The stone-pelting continued for around two hours and we were forced to use tear gas to disperse the mob. We have appealed for calm,'' said V Renganathan, additional CP (west).The police said a case of rioting is being registered at the Nangloi police station. The fact that just two men got admitted to the hospital proves that the rioters now fear arrest. Top officers said they were approaching the youth through elders and community leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15595166", "title": "Treatment plant waiting for waste", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government might be claiming of putting in place a host of ambitious projects, which include a massive park, an expressway , and even a Bus Rapid Transit System in the state capital. However, at the same time, it has been dragging its feet to get a simple but crucial project - the municipal solid waste treatment plant operational to its optimum capacity.Nestled in the greens of Mohaan Road, around 25 kilometres from the heart of the city, the plant was cleared by the Centre in 2006 under its flagship scheme, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Ironically , six years down the line, the much-awaited project, which once promised to free the city off the erratically dumped municipal waste, languishes in the absence of enough government support. Tuned to dispose 1,300 metric tonne of municipal solid waste, the plant, as on date, is receiving barely 60 metric tonne. Obviously, the rest continues to get dumped around the roads, in parks, in unoccupied plots and at times in the corners of hospitals and schools.According to LMC records, municipal waste is being dumped in not one or two places, but in as many as 490 spots in the city. The municipal agency recognizes these places, because it sends its vans and trucks to carry away the filth, at least once in 24 hours, even though these spots continue to receive waste throughout the day. It was only last week that urban development minister Azam Khan realised the lapse, while holding the LMC boss accountable for the mess, and recommended his suspension. \"But that hardly solved the crisis. Things are unlikely to improve until the government shows its character and willpower in getting the priority projects operationalised,\" said Brikeshwar Tewari, president of Gomtinagar Jan Kalyan Mahasamiti.It was considering all these flaws that the project was conceptualised in 2006, with the government (the Centre and the state government) agreeing to provide a grant of over Rs 42 crore for it. Another 31 crore were to be invested by Jyoti-envirotech , the private agency, which was handed over the project by the construction and design services of UP Jal Nigam. However, the project could not make much progress. First, it could not get a site for setting up the plant. The site was, in fact, had to be shifted thrice - from Malihabad to Kudhagaon to Shivari village in Mohaan Road near Hardoi-Sitapur bypass. It was only in October 2010 that the C&DS; and LMC entered into an agreement with the company for setting up the plant. The work eventually started on April 2011 and had to be completed by November 2011. As if that delay was not enough, the project is now facing the absence of the extremely crucial transfer stations. Though authorities managed to identify four sites, they are yet to be used. As far as the plant is concerned , it tells everything for itself. The plant though has its machines installed, but they hardly work. Given the shortage of the 'raw material' (read garbage); the plant has been working like on-atrial basis for the past many months. Company spokesperson told TOI that the absence of transfer stations would only lead to closure of the plant. \"To bring in municipal garbage to the plant from over 490 locations would require hundreds of small vehicles . That will only lead to chaos on Mohaan Road and spark resentment among the residents of the locality,\" the spokesperson said.A senior official of the company claimed of getting the project functional to its full capacity in a span of three months from the day the transfer stations are provided. Municipal sources, however, said that a host of works at the site itself needs to be done. Municipal commissioner , NP Singh said that they have been examining the project for the past many days. Though he refused to divulge further details, LMC sources said that the company is facing resource crunch and till date only around Rs 20 crore have been invested. And that does not include the land cost (the project has come up over an area of around 15 acres in village Shivari situated on Mohaan Road).An employee at the site said that the plant is receiving garbage from only zone-5 comprising 18 wards covering areas like Alambagh and Kanpur Road. This is apart the 38 other wards, which are being served by the company under its door to door collection of domestic waste. But even that did not solve the crisis - the collected waste is being dumped on the road sides and other public places. There were also complaints of the company employees not visiting the houses, a charge which company officials vehemently deny. Additional municipal commissioner, PK Srivastava said that not only government help, but also the public support is equally necessary . \"It is not until people support the project and realise its utility that things will not improve,\" he said.Factors responsible for the situationLackadaisical attitude", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593161", "title": "Bank staffers' two-day strike from today", "text": "PUNE: Banking activities in the city will come to a halt on Wednesday and Thursday as clerical and officer staff in public sector banks have decided to strike work in protest against the Centre's move to amend the country's banking regulation to allow for foreign ownership with voting rights, merger of banks and issue of banking licenses to private sector business houses.The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has timed the strike call with the Centre's plan to table the Banking Laws Amendment Bill 2011 in Parliament on Wednesday.Vishwas Utgi, secretary of the All India Bank Employees' Union, told TOI that the talks in Delhi between the unions and the Ministry of Finance on Tuesday failed, making the strike imminent. \"The government as well as the Indian Banks' Association are unwilling to move from their position and the strike call is on,\" Utgi said.Utgi said nearly 10 lakh bank employees and officers in 27 public sector banks, State Bank of India, IDBI, and 12 old generation private sector banks as well as eight foreign banks including Standard Chartered, Citi and HSBC will join in the strike.Among the salient proposals of the Bill are merger of banks, more and more private and foreign capital in banks with unrestricted voting rights, and granting of licences to corporate business houses to start new banks.The UFBU is also opposed to recommendations of the Khandelwal committee which has recommended changes in human resources policies of the banks including wage a structure based on profitability and productivity of specific banks, Utgi said. \"This is a ploy to divide bank employees,\" he said. The committee's recommendations about greater powers to banks to transfer employees and deciding promotion policies are also detrimental to interests of the staff, he added.Shailesh Tilekar, secretary of Bank of Maharashtra Employees' Union, said that over 5,000 employees from the banking sector in the city will hold demonstrations outside the Bank of Maharashtra headquarters at Lokmangal, Shivajinagar, on Wednesday. Tilekar said the strike will seriously impact clearing of cheques in the city.Devidas Tuljapurkar, general secretary of Bank of Maharashtra Employees' Federation, said that cheques worth over Rs 1,000 crore are processed in Pune each day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593378", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: Richest Ganpati mandal gets Rs 224-crore cover", "text": "MUMBAI: Top officials of insurance companies have their \"fingers crossed\" in the hope of landing the biggest accounts at Ganeshotsav. The city's wealthiest mandal, GSB King's Circle, has sought a cover of Rs 224 crore while Lalbaugcha Raja has trebled its policy from Rs 14 crore to Rs 45 crore.The premium amount for such a deal would naturally run into several lakhs, an extremely profitable deal for a cover spanning 15-30 days.Ganesh Chaturthi falls on September 19 and the 10-day festival ends on Anant Chaturdashi on September 29.Befitting its status as the wealthiest organizer in the city, the GSB Seva Mandal at King's Circle has insured its celebration for Rs 224 crore. Senior-most trustee Satish Nayak says, \"Last year, we took a cover of Rs 220 crore. This season, the figure has risen owing to the value of gold jewellery that adorns the deity.\"So sought after is the competition for the GSB account that the mandal had floated tenders for insurance companies. Around six of India's leading firms responded with quotations and the mandal will announce a selection shortly. A senior official of New India Assurance says he is \"crossing his fingers and is optimistic that the company will beat the competition\". \"Ours may not be the lowest quote but it is the most comprehensive,\" he says.Nayak breaks down the component of the policy. \"There is an all-risk cover of Rs 22.11 crore and a standard fire policy of Rs 1 crore. A public liability or third-party insurance of Rs 20 crore is included. The lion's share of Rs 182 crore has been reserved for personal accident cover for 1,819 people, including volunteers, electricians and other labourers. That works out to roughly Rs 10 lakh per head,\" he says. A small club in the playground where the mandal hosts its festivities has also been covered for Rs 35 lakh.The GSB deity is installed for five days unlike the full 10 days that other sarvajanik mandals celebrate but even in this short span, its earnings outdo the rest. \"Our visarjan will take place on September 23. Still, the insurance policy spans a duration of 15 days\u2014from September 12 to 27, until the ornaments are safely deposited in bank,\" says Nayak.Over in Lalbaug, the Lalbaugcha Raja Ganeshotsav Mandal has trebled its insurance cover from Rs 14 crore to Rs 45 crore. New India Assurance has netted this deal. \"We have raised the personal accident cover for every visitor from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 6.25 lakh. The premium for the entire month works out to Rs 10-11 lakh, which is not too high considering we receive lakhs of devotees,\" says Lalbaug treasurer Rajendra Lanjwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592845", "title": "Grave threat to wakf property", "text": "HYDERABAD: In yet another case of wakf land falling prey to land grabbers, a two-acre graveyard on Road No. 12 Banjara Hills has been encroached upon. The AP State Wakf Board (SWB) has now sought the intervention of the city police and the district collector to get their land back.The entrance of the Third Battalion Muslim Graveyard was blocked about six months ago and the task force officer deputed by the Wakf Board to survey the premises was denied entry by security guards posted by the encroacher, SWB officials said.According to officials, one T Yogaiah Naidu has blocked the passage adjacent to the graveyard and also constructed a wall on the southern side, cordoning off the land parcel.Lodging a written complaint with the district collector and city police commissioner on August 16, board officials cited cases filed by locals earlier in 2006 against Naidu when they were stopped from entering the graveyard. Though the city civil court had then directed that entry into the premises could not be stopped, a boundary wall was constructed and security guards posted in blatant defiance of the court order, officials pointed out.Activists fighting to protect wakf properties fear that the construction of the illegal boundary wall is only the beginning and that full fledged construction of residential or commercial structures would start soon.\"The land is worth at least Rs 20 crore. Also, there has been no meeting convened by the task force on the issue of safeguarding wakf properties till date. We have forwarded a set of documents pertaining to the Third Battalion Muslim Graveyard to GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu and he has promised to look into the matter,\" said Osman Bin Mohd Al Hajiri, general secretary, Wakf Protection and Minority Welfare Society.GHMC commissioner Krishna Babu said, \"I have directed GHMC officials to investigate into the issue and take necessary action. If the need arises I will personally visit the site.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593124", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to facilitate setting up of CNG refilling stations", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will facilitate the setting up of Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) refilling stations in the city, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said on Tuesday.The issue came up for discussion in the General Body (GB) meeting on Tuesday. Pathak said that the PMC will co-operate with the Maharashtra Natural Gas Limited (MGNL) to start the new refilling stations.\"The PMC has amenity spaces, vehicle and garbage depots. We could provide this land for setting up the stations and the proposal for the same will be tabled before the GB. The PMC will also ask the MGNL to contact private land owners for setting up refilling centres\" said Pathak.Pathak said that the MGNL could also supply cylinders at existing petrol pumps in the city and continue with offline supply.According to the latest statistics available with the Regional Transport Office (RTO), around 45,000 rickshaws operate in the city, of which 17,787 - 39% - run on CNG while another 8,134 run on liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). This makes for 57% of the city's rickshaws running on environment-friendly fuel. CNG kits have also been fitted in 4,392 light motor vehicles (cars) in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594292", "title": "Cross-border tunnel probe hits a dead end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigation into the over 300 metre-long cross-border tunnel discovered by Border Security Force (BSF) personnel in July in Jammu and Kashmir's Samba sector has hit a dead end. In reply to a question in Lok Sabha on Tuesday, the government informed that it is humanly impossible to find where the tunnel leads to in Pakistan.The tunnel was discovered by a farmer in Chachwal village in the Samba sector after his irrigated field caved in. Investigations found the tunnel near Border Post no. 170, which is about 340 m from the international border. The tunnel, which had a diameter of five feet, was found at a depth of 25 metres. It was fitted with oxygen pipes, indicating attempts at infiltration.BSF had started digging the tunnel immediately after it stumbled upon it, and had also sought help from the Army, Geological Survey of India and geo-physics and seismology experts for the task.Now, the government seems to have given up because of the enormity of the task. The home ministry's reply to the question said, \"The tunnel has been detected at a depth of approximately 25 feet with a dead end at Indian side. However, the other end towards Pakistan side could not be ascertained due to lack of expertise and requisite equipment for assessing the dimension of this tunnel in BSF.\"It added: \"Since the digging of the tunnel has been carried out deep inside the earth, the detection of such tunneling is not feasible within human capabilities.\"India has registered its protest with Pakistan over the issue and termed the development as unacceptable. The tunnel was found days after the maiden meeting between Pakistani Rangers and BSF held here to improve border relations and minimize cross-border firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15598906", "title": "CAG's coal block report could pave the way for coal sector regulator, says CLSA", "text": "MUMBAI: The recent scathing attack on the government's coal block allocation policy by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) could eventually lead to the establishment of a regulator for the coal sector in India, a recent report said. Because of faulty government policy, since 2004, the national exchequer lost about $34 billion (Rs 1.86 lakh crore) which was the unlawful gain for the private sector, the CAG said. The government has already been taken to task by the opposition on the CAG report.The CAG report and the noise associated with it will ensure all future coal block allocations would be via competitive bidding route, a recent report by foreign broking major CLSA said. \"As coal production from captive mines reach a significant proportion, issues like sale of excess coal and coal production happening before the end user project (EUP) is ready would crop up more and setting up of a \"coal regulator\" perhaps would be a best way to handle this,\" CLSA analysts Abhishek Tyagi and Rajesh Panjwani wrote.\"We note that Coal India's flexibility of fixing coal prices could also be impacted with a regulator coming in,\" the report said. CLSA also pointed out that CAG was also critical of a EGoM decision that allowed Reliance Power to use surplus coal from the mines allocated for its Sasan UMPP for Chitrangi project. CAG has estimated gains of $5.3 billion for Reliance Power from the EGoM decision. The auditor believed \"the EGoM decision vitiated the bidding process and resulted in undue benefits for R Power\" the report said. CAG has also recommended a review of allocation of Chhatrasal coal block to the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592246", "title": "Tigers reign as people leave", "text": "JAIPUR: The shifting of a few villages from the periphery of Ranthambore National Park has started showing results. The big cats, which were scrambling for space, have now more space to move around and expand their breeding zones.On Tuesday morning, tigress T-22 was seen mating with tiger T-23 in Bodal beat near Mordungri village. Thirty families from the village moved to Amli, some 35 km away in Tonk district, barely a month back. Originally consisting of about 157 families, the rest had earlier took the offer of cash package of Rs 10 lakh and relocated.\"It is good news indeed. My officers were on their field trip when they sighted the two tigers barely yards away from the Mordungri village. The tigers were mating. T-22 is the mother of T-23 and T-24,\" said Bina Kak, minister for tourism, forests and environment.\"While tracking on Tuesday around 7.30 am, I noticed fresh pugmarks on the road towards Gura and heard tigers' roar on the right. On intensive tracking, the male and female were noticed together and were seen mating 4-6 times,\" says Rajesh Gupta, field director, Ranthambore.Officials are hopeful that if and when T-22 litters, it would probably choose some area near Mordungri. Earlier in April, tigress T-9 had given birth to two cubs close to Padra village which was relocated in December 2011.\"The relocation of Mordungri was possible because of a pivotal role played by Sawai Madhopur district collector Giriraj Singh Kushwaha. He was ably assisted by my officers. The villagers who vacated moved away on their own and were never coaxed. They were provided land as compensation apart from gas connections, poverty line cards and water supply,\" added Kak.Mordungri is situated at a strategic point along the corridor extending from the Ranthambore National Park and the Sawai Man Singh sanctuary.\"The removal of disturbances adds to the natal area for tigers. Natal areas are breeding zones for tigers. In this case, with the villagers shifting, the tigers automatically occupied these areas for breeding. We are hopeful that the relocation of more villages will further add to the habitat of tigers here,\" said an official.So far, 15 villages have been relocated from Ranthambore since 1976. While 12 were relocated in that year, Indala was relocated in 2008-09. Machangi in 2009-10, Padra in 2010-11 and finally Mordungri in 2012. The relocation of these villages will add to more space for the tiger population that has been burgeoning. Currently there are about 52 tigers, including 27 cubs in the reserve.However, there are more villages awaiting relocation and officials say that Katauli and Bhid villages may be the next in line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15594023", "title": "Eve-teaser's supported create uproarious scene", "text": "SASARAM: Relatives and supporters stormed the village of one of the eve-teasers stormed Suryapura village and created uproarious scenes outside the home of the victim girls on Tuesday when three members of State Women Commission were recording the statements of the girls and their parents. The dare devil act of the supporters of the accused, Manish Kumar, against whom proposal for applying Crime Control Act was recommended by the local police, have shaken the confidence of the victims, who reached their house in the presence of police force.After a lot of hue and cry by the local villagers, police swung into action and chased them away from the village.The three-member team of the commission after a three-and-a-half-hour closed door meeting with the victim girls and their parents described the incident as 'shameful' .Savita Natarajan, one of the members said the team will also meet the accused and after this report will be submitted to the chairperson of the commission for necessary action.The commission members were shocked to hear the eve-teasing trauma of the girls. The members had a tough time to console the weeping girls who said that they had no faith in the administration. The team also visited the local police station Suryapura and inquired into the role of the police in the entire episode. Sources said the parents alleged that the local police took 15 days to act on their written complaint, which was submitted on July 19, this year but an FIR was lodged only on August 3.In a shocking revelation to newsmen, a parent, requesting anonymity said continuous eve-teasing and failure of the local police to take action against the guilty, had forced him to get his 14-year-old daughter married in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595048", "title": "Mamata plans mall to push rural retail dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has planned what the Left in power couldn't. She will be taking the public-private partnership route (PPP) to set up a one-stop shop for agro retailers, wholesalers, consumers and farmers willing to buy farming tools, seeds and fertilizer. Mamata times her move when the Centre seems set to throw open the agri-retail sector to FDI.The proposed mall, off EM Bypass at Bantala, will be set up by the West Bengal Agro Industries Development Corporation. The mall will set up backward linkages with the proposed 370 kisan mundis that the chief minister has already announced.The Centre had in 2005-06 advocated for this under the National Horticulture Mission (NHM). It didn't find any takers. In 2009, the Union agriculture ministry again introduced \"Terminal Markets Complex\" scheme which not only provided subsidy for states setting this up, but also allowed for a private-public-partnership (PPP) route. If the Bengal project takes-off, it is expected to be only the third-of-its-kind in the country after the Hariali Bazar in Kurukshetra (a private initiative) and Ahmedabad's Kisan Bazar (a government initiative). Set to be completed by 2015 at an estimated cost of Rs 25 crore on the 5.5 acres plot of Agro Corporation, it has already generated interest.The Corporation has already received three expression of interest (EOI) on it from private players, including a new-age bank, to assist it. Corporation chairperson Rajiv Bandopadhyay said: \"The chief minister has directed us to complete this project. The geographical location of the proposed hub is such that it will cater to North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas and Kolkata. Vegetable and fruit retailers and wholesalers will be provided shops here. So, along with a normal consumer, wholesale traders will benefit. In addition, there will be cold-storage which will allow stocking the perishable commodities. Transportation for farmers, bank outlets to deliver Kisan Credit Card will all be there under one roof. We intend to send the complete proposal to the chief minister soon for her advice and approval.\"Forward Bloc's Naren Chatterjee, who headed the state agriculture marketing development corporation board, however, advises caution. \"The basic problem with the agri-marketing hubs is location. In 1972, when the primary land acquisition was made and the agri-marketing department set up, the land acquired were far-off from the rural markets. Still, in the Left Front tenure 48 principal markets and 250 sub-markets were set up. Even the present government isn't clear whether land has been identified for all kisan mundis. Moreover, the corporation setting up the kisan hub isn't under the agri-marketing department,\" Chatterjee said.But the former agri-board chairperson did admit that the Left Front government had considered a proposal by Presidency College teacher Samit Kar to integrate the three-tier panchayat and cooperative bank structure in Bengal with the agri-marketing network, which also calls for setting up of principal, sub and primary markets. \"The question is somewhere else. One single principal marketing hub, say on the outskirts of Kolkata, will not solve the problem. There has to be several such if we intend to cater to all rural markets in Bengal,\" he said.Bandopadhyay refuted this. \"The proposed kisan hub is in a strategic location. Along with North and South 24-Praganas, Kolkata will benefit from it. The chief minister has made it very clear that it shouldn't be primary a marketing hub but also a one-stop shop for everything a cultivator requires - seed, saplings, fertilizers, power tillers and even tractors. Apart from the cold storage facilities, which will operate like a bank locker system, retailers will be provided free transportation. Moreover, we intend to promote fruit and vegetable vendors to use this facility instead of the wholesale markets in central Kolkata,\" he said. He added, \"The Corporation also wants to run a training centre and a counselling to cultivators in terms of what is best required to increase yield.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15595036", "title": "4 held with heroin worth Rs 33 lakh", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police recovered 130 grams heroin worth Rs 33 lakh and booked four persons caught with the contraband on Monday evening.A couple, Bhajan Ram, 50 and his wife Guddu Rani, 45, were caught with 100g heroin worth Rs 25 lakh, 10kg poppy husk and Rs 1 lakh cash near Nandpur, the area where they reside.In another case, Janakpuri resident Ankit Kumar, 21, and Dholewal resident Vikas Kumar Mishra, 22, were caught near Cheema Chowk with 30g heroin worth Rs 8 lakh.Deputy commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Gurpreet Singh Toor said the anti-narcotics cell in-charge Harbans Singh had laid down a check post in Nandpur when they found the activity of the accused couple suspicious in their vehicle. The narcotic substances and cash were recovered when the couple were stopped and checked.The accused said they used to distribute the contraband purchased from New Delhi in Ludhiana and nearby villages. The preliminary investigation against them revealed they have been booked in nine cases under NDPS in the past, said the DCP. In the other case, Ankit Kumar of Janakpuri was caught with 16g heroin while Vikas Kumar Mishra of Dholewal was caught with 14g of the substance, which was procured from Amritsar, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598822", "title": "Chitrangada's look not inspired by Madhuri in 'Joker'", "text": "Designer Rick Roy, who has styled Chitrangada Singh for her first item number in 'Joker', says, the look of the actress is not inspired by Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit's look in her hit song 'Humko Aaj Kal Hai'.The item song - 'I Want Just You' -- from the Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi starrer seems to bear some similarity in terms of look and attire, to Madhuri's song from the 1990 film 'Sailaab'. \"Chitrangada is in a totally different avatar in this song. The look wasn't inspired by Madhuri. Farah Khan's (choreographer-producer) brief to me was to make sure she looks outstanding, and thats what I followed,\" Rick told PTI.\"Even though it is an item number we wanted it to be very classy... we wanted that very rustic Indian village look for her and thats what we did,\" he said.Rick has also styled the dusky beauty for her another upcoming film ' Inkaar', directed by Sudhir Mishra. 'Inkaar' is a love story, with sexual harassment in the backdrop starring Chitrangada and Arjun Rampal in the lead.\" 'Inkaar' was a very challenging film for me. Firstly its Sudhir Mishra who I admire a lot, and it was a film that was very real and it had to look believable. I wanted to make sure Chitrangada looks very stylish but also shouldn't be out of place,\" Rick said.\"Chitrangada sports three very distinct looks in the film as her character progresses. Its a very interesting film. Sudhir is an encyclopedia of knowledge,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593428", "title": "Returnees faced with anxiety, uncertain future", "text": "GUWAHATI: While the number of NE people returning to the northeast has come down to some extent, the burden of unemployed youths has gone up manifold in the region, and especially in the state. Thousands who were part of the exodus have come back to the state unemployed and with no idea of how they are going to earn their living.While the thought uppermost on their minds seemed to be that they were home, and safe, worries about how they are going to fend for their families furrowed their foreheads. For Tularam Chetia, a young man from upper Assam's Tinsukia district, who arrived at Guwahati railway station from Hyderabad on Tuesday, the day marked the end of a long-cherished dream and the beginning of a new life that has plunged him into uncertainty.The last few nights he spent in the Deccan were sleepless and filled with fear and anxiety. Contrastingly, the first ray of the sun that hit his train compartment brought to an end his inexorable journey, delivering him to safety. But the morning brought with it further anxiety about the future.Hailing from Tinsukia, which is still Ulfa's stronghold and where Maoist activities are now gaining ground, Tularam went to Hyderabad six months ago in search of a livelihood, after promises of development by politicians failed to yield any results. While he is grateful to the almighty for his safe passage to the city and excited about seeing his newborn daughter, he is heartbroken at having left behind his dream for a better life in the city of Nawabs.\"The horrific days are finally over. When I called my wife, who has just had a baby, before boarding the Guwahati-bound Secondrabad Express, she broke down on the phone that our dreams are shattered. From an area which has been hit by militancy since the 80s, I went Hyderabad to start a new chapter. But everything ended up in flames,\" said a dejected Tularam, who is heading to his home at Sadia, in the far east of the state.Working in a pharmaceutical company at Hyderabad with many youths from the region, Tularam had dreamt big, but rumours, fear and love for his family forced his to leave his workplace. From now on, it will be a difficult journey for him as getting a job in the state is not going to be an easy task, but he is trying to keep his chin up, like thousands of others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15594031", "title": "Five schoolteachers selected for national award", "text": "PATNA: Altogether five schoolteachers from Bihar have been selected for the National Award for Teachers for their meritorious contribution to school education.The selected teachers would be awarded by the President in New Delhi on September 5, on the occasion of Teachers' Day.The teachers selected for the award are Jaidev Kumar Das, in charge headmaster of Triveni Nayak Middle School (Katihar), Prabodh Kumar, in charge headmaster, Rajkiya Middle School, Pakardih (Bodh Gaya), Pushpa Malti Devi, headmistress, Parwalpur Middle School (Nalanda), Sadakant Shukla, headmaster, Rajkiya Middle School, Ghoghraha, Ramnagar (West Champaran) and Obaidur Rahman, assistant teacher, Rajkiya Parvati Girls' Middle School, Ramnagar (West Champaran).The director, primary education, Ashutosh, in a letter issued on Tuesday, has asked all the five selected teachers to reach New Delhi by September 3 to receive the award at a ceremony to be held at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi.The National Award for Teachers is awarded by the President on September 5 every year to recognize the meritorious teachers working in primary, middle and secondary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593150", "title": "Privatization of civic abattoir scrapped", "text": "PUNE: A week after approving the controversial proposal to privatize the civic abattoir in Kondhwa, the standing committee made a U-turn and scrapped the decision on Tuesday.\"The leaders of all the parties decided to scrap the proposal. The decision was taken unanimously,\" said Shreenath Bhimale, member of the standing committee.Bhimale said that the proposal was sent back to the civic administration. On Tuesday August 14, the standing committee had approved the privatisation plan pending since May. Opposition Shiv Sena , too, had approved the resolution while the BJP had opposed the same. However, on Friday, all parties were unanimous in quashing the resolution.The privatisation was opposed by civic activists and social organisations citing that the civic body had recently spent over Rs 6 crore on renovating and modernising the abattoir.At Friday's general body meeting, the BJP staged a dharna demanding that the ruling alliance scrap the decision. BJP members alleged that privatisation of the abattoir would facilitate cow slaughter.Of the five proposals for the tender, a Delhi-based company was selected for the contract. The operator was to cater only to the needs of the city and was not to be allowed to sell meat outside Pune.The proposal had come up for discussion in May, but the standing committee had kept it in abeyance when it faced opposition. Several warkaris and members of other communities had staged an agitation outside the civic headquarters in June, saying privatisation would lead to the slaughter of far too many animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594806", "title": "High voltage fines shock", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The electricity department has started surprise checks since last month to zero in on electricity consumers who have not declared the exact load they are utilizing. And violators are being imposed penalties running into lakhs of rupees by the UT electricity department. The penalty is imposed taking into account the power drawn in the last 12 months and then a 'formula' (see box on page 2) is applied to figure out the penalty.Some defaulters have been imposed fines as much as Rs 1.88 lakh.Surprise checking of domestic connections has begun in all the four zones that the city has been divided into. Both private and government houses are being checked randomly. If the load is found to be more than the sanctioned limit, then hefty fines are being imposed.The drive follows the department sending out self-declaration forms asking consumers to declare the load along with the electricity bills. However, in response to the first lot of forms sent in July to 1.5 lakh households, a little over 5,000 declared their actual load to the department. After launching the checking drive, the department has recovered crores of rupees through fine.On Tuesday, a group of residents of Sector 19 filed their replies on the load issue in response to the notices issued to them by the department.After checking all the boards and switches of a household, the enforcement wing calculates the actual load and if it finds that the declared load is less than the actual, the owner is declared a defaulter.These consumers may have been paying their electricity bills on time but if the actual load is not declared then it is a clear case of electricity theft, hence fine is imposed, said department officials.Such defaulters are being given time to file their reply in response to the notices by the department and after that in some cases relaxation is being given, while in many cases fine is being imposed.Crores of rupees have been recovered and as the surprise inspection is still going on, so department officials say that more fine is likely to be recovered.During the checks in Sector 19-C, about 10 such people were found to be defaulters. Interestingly all the defaulters were living in government houses. Parveen Kumar, a resident of Sector 19 on whom a penalty of more than 1, 88,000 has been imposed for not declaring the actual load said, \"According to the law, penalty cannot be imposed and it was the department's responsibility to check and see that adequate load is drawn, considering it's a government house.\"Ram Prakash Saini, another resident, who was imposed a penalty of more than Rs 1, 38,000 said, \"As it is a government house so we cannot make changes and everything is being run by UT, so how are we being held responsible for any faults.\"Jaigopal Luthra of Sector 19, who was imposed a fine of Rs 1, 32,000 said he should have been given a \"notice rather than being slapped a penalty.\"Chief engineer S K Chadha said the department has been carrying out surprise inspection on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599103", "title": "Sudeep impressed with Adhdhuri director Arjun", "text": "Kannada film industry's super star Sudeep who is on his career high saw the film 'Adhdhuri' on Sunday morning with the film's director Arjun, hero Dhruv Sarja and his brother Chiranjeevi Sarja.Sudeep was quite impressed with the work of Arjun, Dhruv and Radhika Pandit and has recorded his appreciation in his twitter page. He said about Arjun in a conversation that he is clearly impressed with the way he has taken a different path in narrating the film and getting good performances from two lead artists.\"You have not lost focus on the two protogonists. They have also given their best in the film. You are sure to become one of the top directors in the Kannada film industry\" said Kiccha Sudeep to Arjun.\"Your hard work is reflected in the way the film evolves on the screen. I knew you are a good star material, but now it is fully confirmed\" said Kiccha to his younger friend Dhruv. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592822", "title": "Implement e-governance in 7 days, civic chief tells staff", "text": "NAGPUR: Though Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has completed 95% work on e-governance project and spent Rs 16 crore on it, it has not been utilizing it. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, on Tuesday pulled up officials for this and asked them to begin utilizing it in seven days starting Wednesday.The Central government had approved e-governance project on June 2, 2009, under JNNURM. NMC was to prepare 49 modules for its 61 departments. The project was to replace paper work with computerized working so as to improve civic services along with expediting the works and maintaining transparency. Sources told TOI that Wardhane came to know of the reluctance of officials towards e-governance during a review meeting on Tuesday. \"Thirty six of 49 modules are completely ready for use and also connected with the server. But departments are not using it for obvious reasons. Wardhane has directed all 61 departments to start e-governance in seven days,\" said sources.NMC officials are even submitting false information to central and state governments. In its recent monthly progress report of JNNURM projects submitted to the government, NMC had claimed that 95% work of e-governance project was completed. It went on to claim that eight modules were being used and work to complete integration of all modules was in progress. The eight modules were birth and death registration, citizen grievance monitoring system, accounting, property tax, e-tendering, licences, water billing, building plan approvals and personnel management system.In reality just three departments were using the e-governance. These are birth and death registration, public works department and accounting, a senior official said. \"e-tendering implemented in the NMC was not part of e-governance project. The citizens' complaints were to be addressed through e-governance but nothing is being done. e-governance in property tax and water departments may minimize inconvenience to the citizens but officials are ignoring it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15594104", "title": "Bengali held for cheating in Colva", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Monday arrested one Fondu Ghosh from Calcutta on charges of cheating the manager of a beach resort at Colva to the tune of Rs 15 lakh.Police sources informed TOI that Saboni De, in her complaint to the police, stated that she was conned into investing Rs 15 lakh by the accused in an investment firm run by him. De was assured a job in the firm with a monthly salary of Rs 2 lakh.However, as De failed to receive her salary for six months, she called up Ghosh and enquired about her pending dues. Ghosh, police sources said, asked her to invest some money with the firm so as to get her six-month salary.De agreed to pay more money but asked Ghosh to come down to Colva to collect the payment. Ghosh, police sources said, arrived in Goa on Monday, and when De demanded that Ghosh return her money, Ghosh allegedly abused De and threatened to kill her.De immediately informed the police following which the police swung into action and arrested Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15592696", "title": "Rehabilitation work of Tadoba villages on fast track", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The rehabilitation work of the two villages Navegaon (Ramdegi) and Jamni, that are being relocated out of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, has been put on the fast track. While government has expedited the work for constructing civic amenities, beneficiary villagers, too, have began construction of their residences at rehabilitation sites.Nearly 50% of families from the two villages have availed the benefits of practical rehabilitation, while the other half have opted for Rs10 lakh cash compensation package. Navegaon village is being rehabilitated in near Khadsangi village, while Jamni village is being rehabilitated near Amdi village. Both these rehabilitation villages are in Chimur forest range. There were six villages inside TATR. During first phase of rehabilitation, entire Botezari and part of Kolsa village was rehabilitated out of the tiger reserve in year 2007.Out of 230 families from Navegaon village, 115 have opted for rehabilitation, while remaining 115 have sought Rs10 lakh cash compensation. Similarly out of 218 families in Jamni, 105 have opted for rehabilitation and 113 families have decided to go with cash benefit of Rs10 lakh.Work at Khadsangi is slightly ahead of that of Amdi. Field director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari said, \"We have accomplished levelling of 200 hectares of agricultural land out of the 250 hectares in the village. We have constructed the water tank and laid the pipeline. Even tap connections at 112 plots have been provided. Electrification work is also nearly accomplished with erection of electric line through 192 poles and installation of three transformers.\"At Amdi, electrification work is underway, while laying of water supply pipeline has been accomplished in 5.5km. Work of constructing public tube wells has been completed, while construction of water supply tank is underway. The levelling work of agricultural fields has been done in only 40 hectares of land, Tiwari said.PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi and state forest secretary Pravin Pardeshi are keeping a close tab on the work at both the sites. Both officers have inspected the work several times and have interacted with the beneficiary villagers to seek their reaction about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592229", "title": "Govt backs off on tourism ban in core tiger areas", "text": "JAIPUR: A month after the Supreme Court banned tourism in core areas of tiger reserves on the basis of Union environment ministry's guidelines, the ministry did an about turn on Tuesday, telling the court that it needed to rethink the guidelines.The SC order banning tourism in core areas had led to loud protests from states and thriving commercial ventures in and around tiger reserves. In an affidavit, the Centre cited loss of livelihood and a threat to wildlife and forests in the event of a ban on tourism. The affidavit also mentions loss of a chance for the common people to see the natural heritage. The affidavit, jointly filed by the National Tiger Conservation Authority and the ministry of environment and forests, says that the earlier guidelines need to be reviewed as it required more consultations with stakeholders.State govt keen to lift ban on tiger tourismThe Centre on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court seeking its permission to review the existing guidelines on tiger sanctuaries in the country, on which basis the court had imposed a ban on tourism in the core area of tiger reserves.In fact, Rajasthan has been taking a keen initiative to get the ban lifted. On Tuesday morning, minister for tourism, forests and environment Bina Kak got a call from the ministry of forests and environment (MoEF) confirming the receipt of a letter she had sent to the chairperson of the National Advisory Committee (NAC) Sonia Gandhi, after the court order.\"I had written to the chairperson of the NAC and president of Congress Sonia Gandhi requesting her to direct the MoEF for a review and a revision of the guidelines submitted to the court for tourism in tiger reserves. This morning I got a call from Union minister Jayanthi Natarajan that a copy of my letter has been forwarded to her by the NAC chairperson,\" said Kak.The minister has also been coordinating with forests ministers from other tiger states for becoming a party to the case. \"I have spoken to Chhagan Bhujbal in Maharashtra and to the forest ministers from Uttarakhand and Madhya Pradesh and Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay. We will all be a party in the case now,\" she said.\"Wildlife is important but so is tourism. However, tourism should be regulated. Often tourists serve as an eye for us. As far as Rajasthan is concerned, we have done everything that was told to us by the NTCA. This time when I went to Ranthambore even the small time hotel owners were also on a dharna following the order but they have confidence in the government of Rajasthan. They assured us that they will do whatever we tell them to. Even if the Supreme Court allows them inside but if we tell them not to do so they will abide by us,\" Kak added.Not different are the view of conservation groups. \"We have all seen the guidelines of the MoEF ever since the court order. There are definite flaws in them. In fact, the government of Rajasthan, which has a hotel inside the forest premises, feel more than the others. There are some NGOs that might too intervene,\" said conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15594970", "title": "Plea to release woman held for aiding illegal migration", "text": "CHENNAI: The sister of Bhamini, who was arrested by Tamil Nadu 'Q' branch police for aiding Sri Lankan refugees to go to Australia, has urged the rehabilitation officer to release Bhamini on humanitarian grounds.Esa alias Kamalambigai, Bhamini's sister, told police that they have to take care of their five children as they don't know the whereabouts of their husbands who had left for Australia. Bhamini has three children and Esa has two.Taking advantage of their poor financial condition broker approached Bhamini to arrange five or six people who will go to Australia for jobs, Esa said, adding, \"The agents also promised to take my sister to Australia if she managed a few clients for the trip.\"Fourty-two people, including Bhamini, were held last week near Vandalur. The ferry man had promised them to be taken to Christmas Island, an Australia territory in the Indian Ocean. After interrogation, 'Q' branch sleuths arrested Bhamini and three others for organising the trip.Claiming that her sister was not part of the organisers, Esa said: \"My sister only collected money on behalf of the agent and gave it to him.\" She, along with the five children, met the rehabilitation officer at Ezhilagam.The rehabilitation officer has promised to take necessary steps to help the children.Esa and her sister lived at Akkiveli village near Jaffna in Sri Lanka, before they shifted to Tamil Nadu as refugees in 1996. Initially they stayed at in Mantapam in Ramanathapuram and, later, moved to Puzhal refugee camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chiranjeevi birthday", "code": "15596460", "title": "Happy Birthday megastar Chiranjeevi", "text": "Chiranjeevi birthday: Its festival time for the mega fans as Chiranjeevi celebrates his 57th birthday on August 22. Chiranjeevi was born in 1955 to Konidela Venkat Rao and Anjana Devi in Mogultoor. Fondly called 'Chiru', the actor was listed among the top 50 influential men in India. Fans indulge in some social activities like food distribution, blood donation, etc at various places across the state.Recently, Chiranjeevi also expressed eagerness about the most talked about film - his 150th project. The actor, who won 9 Filmfare Awards, the most by any Telugu actor, said that he's waiting for that special moment and the right script to don the grease paint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15593596", "title": "Farmers gherao Authority office", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Farmers from 40 villages gathered outside the Greater Noida Authority office on Tuesday and warned officials that they would continue to agitate outside till their demands have been met. The farmers went there after getting news that the Greater Noida Master Plan may soon be passed by the NCR Planning Board. They even accused CEO Rama Raman of having double standards when it came to the benefit of the farmers.The farmers left the place only after Raman gave them a written assurance that he would settle their compensation and developed plots issues by September 5.When the agitating farmers were not allowed to go inside the Authority's office, they sat outside raising slogans and did not allow officials to come out. A heavy police force was then deployed to quell any violence that could erupt.Soon, the deputy CEO came out to talk with the farmers. However, no discussion took place as he told the farmers that he had been recently appointed to the Authority and did not know much about the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592643", "title": "2 Telangana Rashtra Samithi MLAs held in high \u2018power\u2019 drama", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi protest against the dismal power situation in Telangana turned ugly on Tuesday when City Guards, a commando unit of the city police, entered Vidyut Soudha to arrest two party MLAs, who were holed up inside APTransco joint managing director's office for nearly six hours.While police held 13 legislators, including Harish Rao, Etela Rajendar and Koppula Eswar, who tried to stage a dharna demanding seven-hour uninterrupted power supply to farmers of the Telangana region, in front of the Vidyut Soudha, Vinay Bhaskar and Ravinder Reddy managed to sneak into the building by scaling the boundary wall. They first went to MD Hiralal Samaria's office on the sixth floor and as the MD was busy, reached joint MD Ramesh's office. The legislators asked him whether they could use his anteroom.When they were allowed, the two MLAs entered the room and locked themselves up. Ramesh brought up the matter with Samaria and the police. Vinay Bhasker and Ravinder Reddy stayed inside the anteroom from 11.30 am to 5.15 pm and threatened to jump off the window if they were arrested.Finally, at around 5.30 pm, the commando unit entered the room through the window using ropes. The two MLAs were shifted to Golconda police station. West zone additional DCP Ravinder Reddy said cases will be booked against the two MLAs. The MLAs, who were picked up earlier in the day, were taken to Bolarum police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15594995", "title": "Jadavpur rape victim's kin get threat calls", "text": "KOLKATA: Even as the Jadavpur rape victim was discharged from Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital (CNMCH) on Tuesday, her family members received threat calls from the families and associates of the accused.\"Family members of the accused have threatened us that they would make life hell for us and create such a situation that we will fear stepping out of our house even during daytime,\" said a family member of the Jadavpur-Golf Garden rape victim.\"While associates of the accused are not known to us, we know their family members. They have been threatening us whenever we are stepping out of our house. We have already informed police about this,\" added another family member. Though joint commissioner of police (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh has assured action if the family files a written complaint, they have little faith in police and fear reprisal by the associates of the accused.The rape victim was admitted at CNMCH on August 18 after being referred from MR Bangur Hospital and discharged after doctors certified her fit to return home.The family members said the victim was still in trauma, but being away from her son was hurting her more. \"Her son was suffering from fever and she was very worried,\" said a kin. The child has been staying at hismaternal uncle's place since Saturday. \"He was used to having his mother around all the time. When she was admitted to the hospital, he was extremely upset,\" he said.The family members said they would try to support the victim and help her regain confidence, so that she could lead a normal life soon. \"The entire village from where she hails has decided to rally behind her and bring the accused to justice. She, too, wants the accused to be brought to justice,\" said another family member.The victim was discharged from the hospital on Tuesday evening and taken to Jadavpur police station. The officials escorted the girl and her family members to their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593316", "title": "Kerala-type ayurvedic tourism in Jharkhand soon", "text": "RANCHI: The tourism department of Jharkhand has an ambitious plan up its sleeve to develop a Kerala-type of ayurvedic tourism system whereby indigenous herbs found in the state would not only get promoted but also benefit ailing tourists.The department is going to develop spots along important highways across the state where tourists can stay and get treated. Sources in the department said Jharkhand has an authentic and tested system of ayurvedic treatment for most diseases, including blood pressure, diabetes , paralysis and those related to the respiratory tract and lungs. \"We want people from across the country and abroad to get the benefit of our traditional system of medicine which is based on the judicious use of herbs found in our jungles,\" said the source.Director of tourism, Sidharth Tripathy, said since there are very few practitioners of the system, the department will start herbal tourism from two spots initially. They will be located in the proximity of important tourist destinations so that if necessary patients can also go on a tour of nearby places. \"We have consulted two ayurvedic practitioners who have agreed to give us their service,\" said Tripathy, adding that the first spot to be developed will be near Giridih.The department has also decided to come up with resorts and hotels at different places along national and state highways. \"A number of facilities have already been developed and will be handed over to private parties for operation. We will ask operators to make provisions for setting up of herbal clinics at these places,\" said Tripathy.He felt the system would be very popular within a short span of time because people have been visiting Kerala and other places for similar types of treatment from all over the world. \"Our system is equally good and I hope people will find an alternative to the Kerala system in Jharkhand,\" said Tripathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15593001", "title": "Pilibhit tiger's death still remains mystery", "text": "LUCKNOW: The forest department is yet to ascertain the reason behind the death of a tiger in Pilibhit last Sunday. The carcass of an adult tiger, aged about six to seven years, was fished out from a canal in Pilibhit.DFO Pilibhit Manoj Sonkar said, \"We can talk about the cause of death only after we get the postmortem report.\" He added that, \"We will get the postmortem report very soon and can say anything about the cause of the death only then.\"The carcass was recovered outside the protected forest area in the social forestry division. The carcass did not appear old and none of the organs was found missing. The forest department did not rule out foul play in the tiger's death. Two tigers died due to poisoning in Pilibhit in May this year. The deaths took place almost back to back, on May 24 and 25. The forest department had lodged FIRs and two persons were arrested in the connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594193", "title": "Hunsur couple's petty quarrel claims 3 lives", "text": "MYSORE: Long after a petty quarrel on New Year day last year between a couple on whether to cook a chicken or sweet delicacy has claimed three lives. A woman hanged herself after killing her two children at their house Maidanahalli in Hunsur taluk on Tuesday.Hunsur police said the deceased are Pavithra, 23, and her children - Rashmi, 3, and 15-month-old Dhruvina. Pavithra first smothered Dhruvina and hanged herself along with Rashmi using a rope.The, couple was married five years ago, and had been living happily. On January 1 last year, Pavithra's husband Kumar, who works at a brick industry, brought a chicken and asked her to cook. But Pavithra refused to oblige, saying that they should eat sweet, and not meat, on the \"auspicious day\".Police said the quarrel snowballed, prompting Pavithra to leave for her parents' place along with their children. However, the parents of the couple, after convincing Kumar that he will not fight, made her to return to her husband.It is said Pavithra kept shuttling between the houses on and off, allegedly over trivial reasons. She had returned her husband's place a fortnight ago. On Tuesday, she prepared breakfast for the family and waited for Kumar to leave for work and executed the suicide pact.The incident came to light when Kumar returned home at 12noon for lunch and found the door locked from inside. The neighbours, after taking out the rooftiles, noticed the bodies. They have been sent to Hunsur government hospital for postmortem.Police said the families of the couple are refusing to file a complaint and are trying to resolve the issue amicably. When contacted, Gajendra Prasad, inspector of Hunsur Circle station, said they can't interfere as there is no complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598268", "title": "Bengali actress Poorva in Bhojpuri film", "text": "On one hand Pakhi Hegde is making her debut in Marathi film industry and on the other Bengali actress Poorva is all set to make her Bhojpuri debut. Before venturing into Bhojpuri film industry Poorva has acted in Guru Madan Ghosh's theatre for two years.Poorva has also acted in Prashant Nanda's Bengali film 'Bandhu'. Poorva has struggled a lot in her life and after a lot of hardwork she has been able to reach to this level.\"This is just the beginning. I still have to learn a lot.\"Poorva considers Bollywood actress Kajol as her idol and wants to act like her.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597777", "title": "We\u2019re planning to resurrect Malarvady Orkestra: Shaan", "text": "Buoyed by the success of their first flick together, Malaravady Arts Club, its director Vineeth Srenivasan and composer Shaan Rahman, along with a few other friends, started off their band, Malarvady Orkestra.Even as they had a grand launch in Dubai and a handful of shows thereafter, with both of them getting busy with their respective careers - Shaan as the composer of Thattahin Marayathu and Vineeth as the scriptwriter-director-singer of the flick - they couldn't concentrate on the band for some time now.\"We're trying to find time for Malarvady Orkestra as well. In fact, plans are afoot to resurrect the band,\" Shaan informs, even as the team is all enthused about Thattathin Marayathu completing 50 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15593274", "title": "Highway robbers arrested", "text": "Daltonganj: District police have arrested three road robbers and recovered three stolen bikes, two cell phones, and one country-made pistol.Palamu superintendent of police A T Mathew said the three criminals were forwarded to judicial custody on Tuesday.Mathew said the three arrested were identified as Raju Ram Ravi, Jawed Ansari and Rajinder Singh. \"Except Jawed, who has completed his Intermediate, the other two are school dropouts and have taken to crimes,\" said Mathew adding that the kingpin of the road-robber gang Sikender Ram is absconding.On August 17 at Dubiya Kharn on NH 75 school inspector Ashok Prasad and government teacher Jitender Prasad were robbed of a bike and cell phones by the gang.\"During investigation police raided Rajinder Singh's where Jawed and Raju Ram Ravi were found to be plotting a kidnap in Garhwa district,\" added Mathew. Sikender is a hardcore criminal and has served jail term in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15594098", "title": "Unable to bear torture, mother murders son", "text": "MADURAI: A 30-year-old man was murdered by his mother in Madurai on Monday night. The elderly woman smashed a boulder of stone on her son's head killing him on the spot. Police said that the man used to torture his mother everyday after coming home in an inebriated state.The woman, Pethammal (50) has been arrested. Police said that Pethammal's husband Mariappan died few years and was living with her elder son Pon Irulan (30) at Mullai Nagar in Tallakulam. Her younger son and daughter were married and were living elsewhere.While Pon Irulan was carrying out electrical works, Pethammal too was working as a construction labourer. \"Pon Irulan used to consume liquor everyday. He was habitually assaulting Pethammal almost everyday,\" said a police officer.On Monday night, Irulan who came home in an inebriated state, picked up a quarrel with Pethammal as usual and also assaulted her. After he fell asleep, Pethammal had allegedly brought a stone and smashed it on the head of her eldest son. Irulan, who suffered a skull fracture died on the spot.Pethammal, who spent the whole night in the house surrendered at Tallakulam police station. Police then visited the house and sent Irulan's body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592847", "title": "L&T; issued notice", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Excise department has slapped a show-cause notice to engineering major L&T;'s earth moving machines division asking as to why it should not cough up Rs162 crore as duty. The company which has a depot in Kalmeshwar imports spares for the machines which are later repacked to be sold in its name. The department considers such an activity to be a deemed manufacturing process which attracts excise duty , said a source in this department.The company now has 30 days to reply. It can seek further time too, and once the tax is levied it can approach the appellate tribunal or even take the case to the high court if the decision is not in its favour said an officer in the customs and central excise department here.The L&T; unit was also not registered as a manufacturing facility, till the department took an action against this company, the source said.Similar notices are sent to different firms all over the country from time to time. Any manufacturing activity attracts excise duty, but at the same time repacking good imported to be sold in a different name is also deemed to be manufacturing according to the department's rules, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594847", "title": "PUSU, SOPU boys in combat mode; 4 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Just a few weeks before Panjab University's (PU's) student council polls (scheduled to be held sometime next month), there was high drama at the university's Sector 25 campus here on Tuesday, with two groups of students getting into a combative mood. Later, police arrested four students.Scores of supporters of two main student parties, Panjab University Students Union ( PUSU) and Students Organization of Panjab University ( SOPU), gathered on the University Institute of Engineering and Technology's (UIET) campus on Tuesday afternoon for campaigning.However, soon they started targeting each other through heated sloganeering.PU's private security guards were unable to control the supporters of the two groups as some of them even climbed roofs of sheds to attract the attention of students. So they called the cops and a large number of policemen reached the spot to control the situation. Police had to use force to disperse the students. \"There were two groups of students and the situation was actually going out of hand. We arrested four student leaders, under preventive measures, as they are known trouble-makers at PU. Earlier also they had indulged in brawls on the campus. They would be produced before the sub-divisional magistrate on Wednesday,\" said Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of the Sector 11 police station.Police said that supporters of these parties had come for campaigning and coincidentally they reached UIET, at the same time, which is one of the biggest vote banks in PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593771", "title": "Govt support sought for speeding up rail travel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Imagine being able to reach the capital city from Kozhikode by train in five hours. And that too not on the much-publicized high speed rail corridor, but on the existing rail network!The Jan Satabdi Express (Thiruvananthapuram-Kozhikode) travelling at 120 kmph to reach its destination in five hours was one among the recommendations that came up at the national seminar conducted by NATPAC (National Transportation Planning and Research Centre), which conclude here on Tuesday.B G Sreedevi, director, NATPAC said such a feat would be possible if the government of Kerala extended the necessary support for the project.Highly placed railway officials in the state said that it could become a reality if the requisite infrastructure was present, but that that would require state support.\"Jan Satabdi trains, whose average speed is 87 kmph, unfortunately has only an average speed of 55 kmph in Kerala due to line congestion and absence of double lines.Completion of doubling alone will help us to save at least an hour of travelling time. And adequate increase in speed will help us make the train reach its destination in five hours. Increase in speed of up to 120 kmph is surely possible in Kerala, but for that the state should complete the land acquisition process to enable railways to complete the doubling process,\" said an official in Thiruvananthapuram railway division.While the seminar also advocated introducing Kairali agro trains to transport agricultural products from one end of the state to the other, its main emphasis was on improving efficiency and speed of trains.The seminar that saw the presentation of 25 technical papers on various modes of transport, pushed incorporating multiple objectives like cost effective, moderate capital investment and utilization of local resources. The emphasis was on introducing a multi-modal form of transport development integrating all modes of transport.Delivering the valedictory address, public works minister V K Ibrahim Kunju said the problems faced by the government in its attempt to develop cities, towns and villages were numerous.\"From environmental issues to litigations against land acquisition, the government faces stiff resistance from the public. But we cannot go on like this for long as our roads are getting congested. From taxation on households that have more than one vehicle, to integration of transportation modes we are considering measures to improve matters,\" minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594671", "title": "Lightning bolt kills engineering student", "text": "BHOPAL: A student of an engineering college died and his pillion rider - a girl- sustained severe burns, when lightning struck them near Bharoot area close to by-pass road at Satna district on Tuesday, police said.The deceased, identified as Manoj Shukla (21), is a resident of Allahabad in UP and was a BE final year student of a local private college. The girl, aged 18, was pursuing a nursing course and hails from Shastri Nagar in Sidhi district of MP, police said.Both fell victim to lightning, when they were going out of the city limits on a motorbike. Manoj died on the spot while the girl had been admitted to that district hospital where her condition is stated to be critical, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592976", "title": "Ready-to-roll ambulance service you can't call", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday will flag off an ambulance service for expectant mothers and newborns. That is no doubt a good news in a state where a majority of people are still bereft of basic health facilities. What however is a dampener is the fact that the service which is being launched in all 75 districts of the state has no toll-free number one could call in emergency. You really need to be 'well-connected' with district officials for availing the service called Uttar Pradesh Ambulance Seva.This ambulance service, which eventually aims to spread to all 900-odd blocks of the state, will be placed under the district magistrate. \"Till the time a call centre is set up and it gets a toll-free number, the ambulances would be placed under the district magistrate and chief medical officer who would divert them to the person in need,\" said a senior health official. In other words, if you do not know the DM or the CMO, you can't bank on this ambulance in an emergency.NRHM mission director Mukesh Meshram said that UPAS was a general referral ambulance service, which would be used to transport pregnant women to the first referral unit and dropping them back home after delivery under the Janani Swasthya Shishu Karyakram (JSSK). It may be noted that close to Rs 40 crore have been sanctioned by the Centre for the implementation of JSSK. The amount is to be spent on drop back facility alone.\"Accredited Social Health Associates (ASHAs) and medical officer in-charge at the first referral unit would coordinate picking up and dropping the women in need. In the subsequent phases, the service would have a toll free number proceedings for which steps have been initiated,\" he explained. Regarding the drivers, to run the ambulances, officials said that there were 1,800 drivers posted in the health department, most of whom were doing nothing due to unavailability of vehicles. The available workforce would be utilised to run the first set of ambulances -- two in each district.State health officials said that that in July 2012, UP government sought a status report on availability of ambulances in the state before approaching the Union government for the UPAS. The survey found that there were just 330 ambulances in the state of which 60% were defunct and undependable. Thus, there were only 198 ambulances functional in a state that has more than 19.96 crore souls living.But the functional ones are not meant for common man. Take the example of Varanasi. There were only three ambulances in the district. When the CMO was asked, \"When was the ambulance used to transport a pregnant woman to the government hospital last?,\" he could hardly recall. Then the officials asked him to tell where the ambulances are at the moment. To this he said, \"One of the ambulances is posted in the fleet of a VIP visiting the district, while the other two have been placed in emergency duties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15593645", "title": "Security threat: DM imposes Sec 144 in dist", "text": "NOIDA: The district magistrate has imposed Section 144 of CrPC for the next two months following reports from intelligence agencies and the SSP of a large number of anti-social and criminal elements taking refuge in the district.An order has also been passed for verification of all tenants, security guards, and service providers like domestic helps, labourers and contractors in the district. Violators will face stringent action under Section 188 of the IPC. Emergency powers have been invoked to compel landlords and recruiters to furnish the name, photograph, phone number, occupation and other details of their tenants and staff.Records maintained by the police reveal that more than two lakh tenants, security guards and domestic helps live in Noida, but hardly a fraction of these are verified. The story is the same in the rest of the district, especially in urban areas. District magistrate, MKS Sundaram, said the prohibitory order was given to step up security. \"People need to strictly follow the order.\"Starting August 18, the prohibitory order will be in force for the next two months, until October 18. Placement agencies providing personnel like contractors, labour and other staff will be required to verify not only the new recruits but also their existing staff. \"Residents must realize that it is now mandatory for all staff to be verified and police can conduct a check at any time to verify documents to staff employed or residing at a property,\" Sundaram said.Claiming that it was likely that \"terrorist/anti-social elements may seek hideouts in the guise of tenants,\" the district administration has sought the cooperation of residents. \"I request citizens to be wary when giving the house or PG accommodation on rent or lease. House owners should cooperate with us in view of safety and security,\" Sundaram said.Section 144 enables police to issue orders to house owners, asking them to provide information about tenants. In the case of foreign nationals, landlords should provide a copy of the passport and other travel documents as well as purpose of stay. In case of Indian citizens, a copy of rental or lease agreement along with passports, contact numbers, order of appointment with the employer and their PAN card or any other official identity document is required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15595184", "title": "Plane that cruises on land, sea &amp; snow", "text": "LONDON: Scientists in the US have developed a James Bond style, foldable two-seater plane which can travel by land, sea, and even in snow and will soon hit the market priced at $3,50,000.The Lisa Akoya is a multipurpose plane which is just as comfortable on water - and even snow - as it is in the air. The aircraft is soon to go on sale in the US following more than 70 test-flights, the Daily Mail reported.It even comes with foldable wings, allowing it to be kept in a garage. The Akoya made its debut at the AirVenture Oshkosh show in Winconsin last month, and will be ready for buyers in 2014 in Europe and America.It can travel up to 2,011 kilometres on a single trip at speeds of up to 135 knots - 155 mph, before touching down on practically any smooth surface.Naturally, the plane shares an affinity for runways, but if you see a nice seaside resort and the sea is calm enough, there is nothing to stoop a pilot going for a water landing, with a flick of the switch turning the landing wheels into hydrofoils for a safe sea landing.And, pop a pair of skies onto the water-fins, and an on-piste landing can be safely carried out, assuming no poles get in the way.When on snow, ski blades can also be attached to ensure a smooth landing of the plane.It comes with foldable wings, allowing it to be kept in a garage, and in publicity stills the creators imagine the boat perched on the edge of superyachts, ready to be deploys for a quick getaway.Meanwhile the insides are decked out with luxurious leather seats, reported Daily Mail.The design has a safety feature which means that if the plane does take an unfortunate turn in the water and ends up upside down, the heavy engine will raise the cockpit out of the water, keeping the pilots above the water line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15598389", "title": "IIM Calcutta's lecture on You Tube", "text": "KOLKATA: IIM Calcutta has started a unique programme called Insight, whereby, its faculty members will lecture on topics within their core area of expertise and these will be broadcast for public consumption. The lectures will be recorded in high definition cameras and then released on to the official link of the institute on You Tube . IIM Calcutta is known for impressive, nationally and internationally acclaimed faculty. The initiative has been taken so that the public can see them in in action. Insight is a series of interviews of faculty members.Each interview will last for 8-10mins and will feature a faculty member speaking on a topic. Five such episodes covering contemporary issues in management are being planned this year. Insight will be co-ordinated by the student run external relations cell of the institute.In the first episode, Anup Sinha from the department of economics, will be seen speaking on the recent developments in the Indian economy. He will speak on the causes of the stagnation and the possible solutions to the problem. Chandra Deep Mitra will speak on contemporary marketing education in the second episode.\"I hope that the external relations cell will be able to produce at least one episode per month,\" said Ashok Banerjee, dean (new initiatives and external relations) of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15593024", "title": "Two-day bank strike from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Banks will remain closed on Wednesday and Thursday as employees and officers across India have decided to go on a two-day strike after talks regarding various demands between the United Federation for Bank Employees Union and Central government failed. The federation, in a statement, said that in the absence of any favorable development or acceptable solutions to demands, it is necessary for us to continue with our agitation and strike actions.The federation added that the strike was temporarily deferred due to the intervention of the central labour commissioner (CLC) and his suggestion to sort out the issues by mutual discussions.The strike call is set to affect bank branches across the state, with high chances of ATMs running dry. The United Forum of Bank Unions, which heads all nine bank employees and officers unions, has called the strike to oppose government proposals that would make bank mergers easier.District president of National Confederation of Bank Employee Association, Tahir Ali said that bank employees are also angry with the Centre-appointed Khandelwal panel which suggested a slew of measures, including more outsourcing of non-core activities in a time-bound manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594650", "title": "Two-day bank strike irks businessmen", "text": "INDORE: The industrial community living in Indore has expressed its anguish over the two-day bank strike beginning from Wednesday. They feel that the month has already witnessed a number of holidays and the call for strike will only result in further loss to them.Harish Kasturi, director of Neptune House of Chemicals, an Indore-based export firm, said, \"This is irritating. Already, there have been a lot of holidays this month and two more days of no working at bank branches will further cause huge trouble to the industries. While letter of credit payment will be hit, we will not even be able to get bank builty.\"Deep Wadhwani, director, J Sons' group, said, \"Business is always hit by such strikes. We have to get cleared cheques worth Rs 10 lakh on a daily basis by bank branches in a manual manner. But, it will not be possible for the next two days.\"Monika Anand, a corporate trainer, said, \"By such strikes, the banks are harassing the businessmen who help them reap profits.\"Nearly 10 lakh bank employees and officers working in 27 public sector banks including SBI, IDBI and 12 old generation private sector banks and 8 foreign banks will resort to two-day nationwide strike throughout the country on August 22-23.United forum of bank unions (UFBU) consisting of five award staff unions like AIBEA-NCBE-BEFI-INBEF-NOBW and four officers unions like AIBOC-AIBOA-INBOC-NOBO have given the call for strike as a part of resistance movement against central government's move to push amendment to banking laws bill.All the measures as recommended by the Khandelwal committee are anti-employee and anti-trade union. They are targeted to attack collective bargaining. Further, overlooking the settlements, government is giving unilateral guidelines on various service conditions, said CH Venkatachalam, general secretary, AIBEA.Bank employees will resort to flash strike on both the days when it will be discussed in parliament, said Vishwas Utagi, secretary, AIBEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592733", "title": "Mohan Garden road swamped by sewage", "text": "NEW DELHI: For more than a month, CK Bansal and his daughters have had to literally play hopscotch to get to the main road. The street in front of their house is flooded with 6 inch to 18 inch deep sewage water and the moment it rains, the filth usually ends up in their house.The street in front of a certain section of C-block homes in Mohan Garden has perpetually been occupied with overflowing sewage for several years. However, this time the problem has been more severe. Not only is the flooded street a problem, it comes with additional troubles. \"The entire area stinks and mosquitoes have been breeding like rabbits. I spent over Rs 30,000 getting glass and wire mesh put up across the front door and windows. At night, if we open the door for even a minute to let someone in, we spend the entire night battling mosquitoes,\" said Bansal.Families living along this street have had to park their cars elsewhere. Resorting to desperate measures, last week they had malba dumped outside their doors to prevent the sewage from entering their homes. Ram Chander, who is over 90 and runs a small grocery shop at the street corner which is severely affected, says there has been a massive drop in sales. \"I can't even shut the door since I have to run a shop. Each day I sit here inhaling the awful smell and being bitten by mosquitoes. Since the approach road is completely flooded, barely anyone comes to the shop now,\" he said.Kayarat Baby, another resident, says they have been filing complaints with Delhi Jal Board and South Delhi Municipal Corporation and as expected, both have been passing the buck. \"DJB said that the flooding was due to a blocked drain and hence it's the corporation's problem. Their sewers are working fine. The complaint filed with the corporation has also yielded no results and the online status shows 'in progress'. We have also been to the councillor but nobody has even come to the area, let alone clear the mess,\" he said.Ram Kumar, who retired from the merchant navy, says that both drains and sewers are overflowing, and points out that even their water supply is being affected. \"The DJB water that we get is absolutely black and smelly. The main line has developed some leak and the sewage is flowing into it. We have stopped consuming that water and are now purchasing mineral water. Our consumption is practically nill, but DJB sends us bills crossing Rs 3,000,\" he rues.While DJB denied having any role to play in the crisis, corporation officials said they were not even aware of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15594059", "title": "Farmers splatter Haveri streets with tomatoes", "text": "HUBLI: Farmers from Haveri district gave vent to their shock and frustration on Tuesday as they threw tonnes of tomatoes on the road. Farmers resorted to this unusual protest as tomato prices drastically fell down, putting to a nought all their efforts in growing the crop despite severe drought in the district. The drop in prices virtually left the farmers in tears.\"I borrowed Rs 5,000 from private money lenders to pay for water tankers in order to water two acres of land to grow tomatoes. I somehow managed to grow tomatoes on it. But, I was shocked when tomatoes prices shot down from Rs 100-Rs 200 a few days ago to Rs 25 to 30 for each box containing 25 kg of tomatoes during auctioning in market. I could not bear this shock and threw all the tomatoes on the road, instead of selling them for such low prices,\" said D Paramappa Mannur, a farmer from Agadi.Like him, many other farmers also splattered the streets of Haveri with tomatoes in despair. Many farmers from Malapur, Budagatti, Machapur, Nelogall, Totadellapur, Kanavalli, Agadi and other villages of Haveri had come to the Haveri market with their produce.They had sold tomatoes between Rs 100 and Rs 200 per box two days ago. But the shocker on Tuesday when prices slid to Rs 25-Rs 30 per box led them to take this drastic step.Surprisingly, the prices of tomatoes remained stable in the market at Rs 10-12 per kg. Farmers say it points to the racket of middlemen who exploit the farmers by forcing them to sell their produce for lower prices.Farmers say there is no intervention by the administration and it is these agents who arbitrarily decide prices and exploit them.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Dambarmattur of Ganjipur villages, said, \"I came to sell 20 boxes of tomatoes and was expecting a good price, but they fixed Rs 30 per box. In anger I flung the boxes on the road rather than sell them at lower price.Nagaiah Patil, who too threw about 10 boxes of tomatoes, said, \"I borrowed money from lenders to grow tomato on 2.5 acres of my land. How will I repay the loan? I am not even able to get back what I invested.\"Farmers demanded that the government intervene and give minimum support prices to tomatoes on the lines of onion to help them.Other farmers lend supportIn support of the tomato farmers who threw their produce on the road, other farmers who came to sell other vegetables like cucumber, cabbage and cauliflower also lent solidarity by throwing their produce on the road. Prices of these vegetables also had dropped during the auctioning at Haveri market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15594946", "title": "Scare for motorist as pipe pierces car at Metro site", "text": "A 37-year-old Belapur resident had a lucky escape on Tuesday when a 5-ft iron pipe came crashing down from a Metro construction site in Ghatkopar (W) and pierced a portion of his car near the front right door.Nishant S Sheth, who was driving the car, escaped unhurt . Realizing that the mishap could have caused greater damage, he decided to lodge a police complaint. However, red tape and police jurisdiction issues ensured that it took him over four hours to file the complaint.Around 9.50am, Sheth was driving down Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road along the Metro route on the way to his office in Marol. As he approached the under-construction Subhash Nagar Metro station near Maheshwar temple , he heard a thud and immediately stopped the car, a Maruti A-Star .Sheth stepped out of the vehicle to check what had happened . He was stunned to see a pipe lying next to the car. \"It had pierced a portion of the car above the front right wheel, close to the door, and fallen on the ground. The affected portion looked like a bullet mark with a dent just a few inches from the driver's seat. Fortunately, the pipe did not hit me or people around the car. It could have killed somebody,\" said Sheth, who works in a telecom company.The pipe fell from a height of about 25 ft. \"I had to move the car from the spot as several vehicles had gathered there and were causing a jam. However, when I parked the vehicle and returned to the spot, I could not find the pipe there. It had already been removed ,\" he recalled, adding that he soon realized that the pipe had fallen from the Metro construction site above.When Sheth approached the site office, a couple of officials there reportedly offered him a compensation. But he declined it and decided to lodge a police complaint.Onlookers told Sheth that he would have to go the Ghatkopar police station to file the complaint. However, when he went there, the officers there reportedly told Sheth that the spot where the mishap occurred did not fall in their jurisdiction. They asked him to go the Saki Naka police station instead.\"I went to the Saki Naka police station after that. By the time I could file the complaint , it was 2.30pm. It was a serious mishap and could have had caused greater damage . The lack of sensitivity on the part of the cops was really upsetting,\" he said, criticizing the Ghatkopar police for not registering his complaints on grounds of jurisdiction.Sheth said when he initially approached some officials at the Metro site, he was told that they were not in a position to register a complaint or send an email to their higher-ups . \"It was total negligence on their part as well. As it seemed that they were trying to hush up the matter, I decided to approach the police. I didn't want any compensation as I could afford to pay for the damage, but such an incident should not happen again. It could have killed somebody,\" he said.A spokesperson for the Reliance Infrastructure-led Mumbai Metro One Private Ltd said they were looking into the matter and would take it up with the contractor.S R Dhanedar, senior inspector at the Saki Naka police station, said they registered a case against some Metro officials and the contractor . \"We registered a case of negligence (under Section 336 of the IPC) as the mishap could have endangered the life of some passerby,\" he added.Asked why they did not register Sheth's complaint, inspector Rajkumar Potmire of the Ghatkopar police station contended that they were just following rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15592749", "title": "Company directors booked for duping sales tax department", "text": "WARDHA: The police arrested two directors of DG Archards company on Monday. The two officials were remanded to police custody remand till August 23. The directors have allegedly not submitted more than Rs10 crore in sales tax and cheated the sales tax department by forging documents.On August 17, assistant sales commissioner SS Bankar of Nagpur had lodged a complaint at Hinganghat police station against four directors of DG Archards, a soyabean processing company, based at Hinganghat. Police filed offences under sections 420, 409, 467, 468, 471, 406 and 34 of IPC.The police arrested two directors Prakashchand Bhut (43) and Yog Nawalkumar Bhut (36) from Amravati. The other two have not been arrested yet.In the FIR, the sales tax official wrote that the firm had shown false sales account books. They had also shown their business as being out of the state. However, sales tax officials found that all bill books were false. The traders also did not have proper licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15593470", "title": "Food irradiation unit at Bavla to promote exports", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Aiming to boost exports of agricultural commodities from the state, the Gujarat government has started installation of a food irradiation unit at Bavla, on the outskirts of Ahmedabad.The unit is being set up at a cost of Rs 10 crores, on government land. It is expected to go a long way in helping farmers export produce to other countries. Sources say it would be especially useful to farmers who grow fruit and spices in the state.The unit is being set up by a Kolkata-based firm under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana ( RKVY). \"We expect that the project will be commissioned in eight to ten months,\" said an official. The technical consultant chosen for that irradiation unit installation is the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre ( BARC).Food irradiation is the process of exposing food to ionizing radiation to destroy microorganisms, bacteria and viruses along with the insects that might be present in the food. Officials said irradiated food does not become radioactive in any way.\"Many times importers are reluctant on the grounds that food items procured may contain insects and bacteria. It is to do away with such fears that food irradiation becomes important,\" said an official.Officials in the state are planning to use the gamma irradiation technique at the Bavla plant. Sources said that this is a cheaper technique of food irradiation, which makes use of the cobalt 60 radioisotope. Sources said that this it is the most preferred method the world over.\"It will not be expensive and we will introduce initiatives so more farmers get their produce irradiated,\" said N K Singh, who is managing director of Gujarat Agro Industries Corporation Limited.Sources said that although no decision has been taken as yet, there are chances that the government will provide subsidy to farmers coming forward to get produce irradiated. \"Just like we give an incentive in freight carriage, we might work on a subsidy for this also,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594835", "title": "Water-scarce Sinnar village back to life with dams' revival", "text": "NASHIK: A diversion-based irrigation system created by reviving five British era check dams at Malungi river in Ashapur, Sinnar, is now providing water to 300 acres of land. While local wells and ponds are full, the river also overflowed on July 30. There is now reportedly sufficient water for rabbi crops as well in drought-prone Sinnar.Yuva Mitra, a non-governmental organisation, that revived Devnadi in Sinnar, also revived the check dams with help from locals who worked on the project for a year.Yuva Mitra founder, Sunil Pote said, \" There are five check dams that were constructed by the British in Temburwadi, Ashapur. These were closed for 19 years. A year back we showed these to the villagers and conducted meetings on how we could get the check dams back to working condition and how their villages could benefit like Vadgaon and Bhatwadi villages did from the revival of Devnadi. With the community's participation we started work on the canals last Diwali.\"Results showed after partially repairs as water was soon made available to 150 acres of land. \"Today the condition is such that while there is no water elsewhere in the area, Malungi is breathing easier. July 30 was the last day when water was provided from a tanker in this area, it was also the day that the river overflowed. Ashapur has been water-sufficient as opposed to deficint for the last 25 days,\" Pote said.While the government has been constructing a weir for the last 2-3 years it has not started functioning yet .Pote said that rather than big dams, small ones should be constructed, streams and canals should be revived. According to a 1912 document by a British official, S M Baker, the British have constructed check dams on 295 rivers in the district, which if revived could supply water to more than 295 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591634", "title": "No need for Sherlock Holmes, says HC", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulling up BBMP officials for not identifying rampant building bylaw violations across Bangalore, the Karnataka high court on Tuesday said all that's required is for officials to see properly and there's no need to summon Sherlock Holmes.\"Are your engineers working or sleeping? There are violations all over the city. But, they're seeing nothing. Are they ignorant of the law or dumb? These violations are visible to the naked eye. Do they need binoculars? No need to even call a Sherlock Holmes to find these violations. All they have to do is see properly and act without discrimination. I don't know what's happening between officials and building owners,\" observed Justice DV Shylendra Kumar.He reprimanded BBMP when it sought more time to file an additional affidavit on building bylaw violations with regard to the construction of former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's building in HSR Layout.He asked BBMP to file an affidavit within two weeks in response to a PIL which claimed the former CM had violated building bylaws by constructing a five-storey building by amalgamating two sites.The former CM has claimed the PIL is motivated and contended in his statement that he had not violated any bylaws and the construction is as per the sanctioned plan. He has described petitioner K G Nagalaxmi Bai as a 'meddlesome interloper' set up by political parties to scuttle his opportunity to become CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15594678", "title": "International conference on Hinduism, Buddhism in Sept", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh is all set to host an international conference on Hinduism and Buddhism next month with a view to promote inter-religious dialogue and exchange of ideas.National and international scholars will deliberate on the core concepts of the two faiths at the 'Dharma-Dhamma' conference to be held here from September 21-23, state culture minister Laxmikant Sharma told newsmen on Tuesday evening.Being organized jointly by the state government and the Centre for Study of Religion and Society (CSRS), academic scholars and philosophers from over 22 countries including U K, France, Netherlands, Vietnam , China, Israel, Egypt, Indonesia and Japan, are expected to attend the congregation.The central theme of the conference is Dharma-Dhamma which has been a pivotal and pervasive concept and an important tenet of Indian culture, commonly shared by all Indic religious traditions,\" Dr Vinay Sahastrabuddhe of CSRS said.\"The principal objective behind this conference is to facilitate cross pollination of ideas and thoughts between the two ancient thought traditions,\" Sahastrabuddhe said.Thailand's princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn will be the chief guest for the inaugural function. The foundation stone for the Sanchi University for Buddhist Studies will be laid at world-famous Sanchi town, about 45 km away from Bhopal , on September 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15594998", "title": "Barasat rape bid accused still free", "text": "BARASAT: It's been more than 24 hours since a group of drunken youths tried to rape a 14-year-old girl and beat her up severely at Kajipara in Barasat. But police are yet to arrest any of the eight accused against whom the girl's father lodged an FIR on Monday.The girl is still under treatment at Barasat district hospital. Her father said she was still in deep shock. \"She received deep injuries on her head, chest and hands. She is still traumatized and doctors said it will take several days for her to recover completely,\" said the girl's father.The youths had pounced on the girl on Monday morning when she was on her way home from a local tailor's shop after collecting her new dress. The youths, who were playing cards, drinking and smoking in front of a brick kiln, stopped her and passed lewd comments. The girl protested, but walked on. Two of the youths then pulled her back as others continued to make passes.The youths then dragged her to a nearby field and tried to rape her after beating her up severely. The girl's screams alerted people in the neighbourhood. When two local youths came to her rescue, the goons beat them up as well. By then, other local residents were also rushing to the spot and the youths fled.Locals alleged that though the accused have already been identified and their names have also been mentioned in the FIR, police are not making any serious attempt to nab the culprits. \"These youths drink in the open and are involved in several crimes in the area. All the accused have already been identified and police know their names too because they have been mentioned in the FIR lodged by the girl's father. But the accused are still at large. Police should be more active,\" said Chand Mallick, one of the girl's rescuers.Police, however, said they are conducting raids to arrest the accused. \"Surrounding police stations, including Habra, Ashokenagar, Basirhat and Bongaon, have also been alerted. We expect the culprits to be arrested soon,\" said a senior district police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15598056", "title": "Garbage dumps grow, raise a stink", "text": "BANGALORE: A garbage deluge is staring the city in the face. With two of the three major landfills shut down and the threat of closure looming large over the third one, the entire garbage disposal apparatus virtually collapsed in the city on Tuesday.Pourakarmikas who collected garbage from doorsteps were clueless as to where to dump it, as contractors did not deploy trucks to ferry the waste. The civic workers promptly dumped the waste into any open space they could spot to wash their hands of their day's responsibility.Complaints kept pouring in from across the city of how garbage mounds are growing in neighbourhoods. Manjula S, a Vasanthnagar resident who visited Kaali Amman temple behind KR Market, said garbage dumps were piled up all around the temple. \"It's not possible to stand there for even a couple of minutes because of the stench,\" she said.The entrance to 5th main of Kempegowda Nagar, off Bull Temple Road, too was converted into a dumpyard, with the pourakarmikas themselves throwing waste by the roadsides.The scene was no different in Shivajinagar, Malleswaram, Koramangala and JP Nagar where garbage heaps dotted every other road corner.\"We are not picking up garbage from any area. Only door-to-door collection is happening in all areas but the garbage collected is being dumped somewhere in the locality as there is no place to dump it,\" said SN Balasubramanya, spokesman for the Garbage Contractors' Association.This is the third instance in recent times that the city has been plagued by garbage pile-ups: the first when the Mavallipura landfill was closed down, and last week, when BBMP staff went on strike.Villagers furiousThe city generates 5,000 tonne of garbage daily. The Mavallipura landfill was closed down last month after villagers protested against increasing pollution due to unscientific dumping. On Monday, the Terra Firma landfill at Gundlahalli on Doddaballapur main road shut down after farmers blocked trucks ferrying garbage and thrashed the drivers.The third landfill at Mandur, near Yelahanka, is partially operational as waste is only being dumped here and not processed, following an inspection and a directive from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board.The city's civic bosses virtually threw up their hands as the crisis unfurled. BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said: \"The problem lies with Bangaloreans. We had distributed two separate bins to residents of Jayanagar, but the segregation of wet and dry waste at the source is not happening. Contractors are not waste segregators. Waste has to be segregated at source to reduce the amount of waste that goes to the landfill.\"\"We are looking at alternative landfill sites in villages around Bangalore,\" Gowda said. He declined to reveal the names of the villages for fear it could spark off protests.How BBMP complicated the garbage-crisisLast month, residents of villages near Mavallipura, off Doddaballapur Main Road, blocked all garbage ferrying trucks from dumping waste in the nearby landfill.They alleged that several villagers had developed health complications, including kidney failure, due to the unscientific dumping. The village had received more than 10 million tonne since 2007. A hillock of solid waste had poisoned the ground water in the area.The BBMP promptly diverted the mixed, fresh waste meant for Mavallipura to Terra Firma landfill near Doddaballapur.\"The Terra Firma landfill is designed to take fermented garbage and process it further to produce manure. The company sold packaged fertilizers. Terra Firma can't process 600 tonnes of waste, yet over 1,000 tonnes were sent and that's how the mismanagement started,\" said an engineer.Leachate, one of the end products of garbage processing, contains arsenic and cadmium. These toxic components have been percolating down into the soil and poisoning ground water, leading to ecological imbalance in areas around the Doddaballapur landfill.Times ViewThe city is caught on the wrong foot all over again. Despite the bitter lesson of recent protests by locals against the Mavallipura landfill and its subsequent shutting down, the BBMP hasn't done enough to manage its garbage more scientifically. The closure of other landfills will put enormous pressure on the city and if the civic administration doesn't move fast to control the damage, the city could be one stinking mess in the next couple of days. Residents can chip in by sorting their waste before getting rid of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15595218", "title": "Kanda's palace is Sirsa's new attraction", "text": "SIRSA: A bevy of cars, locally converted SUVs and some motorcylists halt outside a palatial fortress, in pink marble, standing on the Rania road in Sirsa.Those in the four-wheelers roll down the window winders. Their heads stick out inexorably, taking an eyeful of Gopal Goyal Kanda's mansion in their 30-minute survey.Last fifteen days, Kanda -- the man in the eye of storm - has become an inherent part of Sirsa's mornings, afternoons and even ocassional nights when police swoop in the town when raiding his mansions.\"Cunning acumen and unsuspecting charm, he had all of that. Kanda must be very clever in his dealings,\" said Kamal Singh, a villagerSome more curious open their shutterbugs, lift their mobile phones and click. Others rush to local shopkeepers, tea vendors and vegetable hawkers to engage them in endless banters, until they are fully satisfied with their innocuous probe.\"It's really a shame if the findings come out true. Wasn't he religious as well?\" asks a woman.\"Kanda's victory in 2009 was because of his image as a man with a religious tilt,\" pat comes the reply from a local confectionery vendor Umesh.Kanda's family was one of the few with access to a local godman Tara Baba who was held in great esteem by the inhabitants.\"And, he used the religion to get access to locals here,\" Umesh tells the visitors flocking to him.Riveting tales on his \"opiate religion\" tumble out.On Tara Baba's death anniversary every year since 2002, Kanda would invite singers and artistes such as Mahendra Kapoor and Hema Malini to perform in the functions.Some dredge up memories of Mahashivratri festival, which had became an annual attraction at the ashram in Sirsa.\"Every Mahashivratri, celebrities were flown in from Mumbai to perform at the ashram,\" says Pankaj Jain, district president of Indian National Lok Dal.A picture, purportedly to be of a solemn-looking Geetika, clad in a green suit and red dupatta - is flashed as some furious locals recollect her presence at last years' festival, demanding immediate punishment to Kanda.A villager recollects how while Gopal Kanda, when he was a sports minister, was watching two kids play badminton at Sirsa club. Kanda was impressed by the smashes and dexterity of a 13-year-old boy and gifted him a racket worth Rs 10, 000.In between, Kanda's brother Govind and his supporters make a dramatic appearance, pitching the clarion call to gherao the Rohini court in New Delhi where the next hearing of Kanda's Non Bailable Warrant (NBW) will be heard.\"The time will come when Gopal will be given a clean chit and I am sure about it,\" Govind thunders, drumming up more support.Sources say that Govind and Kanda have even \"instructed\" some Sirsa women to join their protest march to Delhi. \"The meeting was held in Govind Kanda's palatial house in late night hours,\" reveals one of his close aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592756", "title": "Coalgate: BJP goes for broke, wants PM to quit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament is likely to remain paralyzed by a prolonged showdown between the Opposition and government over coalgate with BJP determined to block proceedings to press its demand for the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .The furore over three CAG reports - on coal allocations, GMR-run Delhi airport and Reliance Power \u2014 was further fuelled with minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla's whispered advice to Rajya Sabha deputy chair P J Kurien to adjourn the House for the day being amplified by a microphone.BJP promptly claimed Shukla's remarks expose Congress's desire to dodge Parliament and the party said it will not settle for the government's offer to debate the federal auditor's conclusion that private operators were benefitted by Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coal block allocations.As Congress has rejected the demand for the PM's resignation, the Opposition is prepared for some trench warfare. Although Congress found some succor in Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh supporting the government's offer of a debate, the Left and regional parties like BJD and AIADMK have made common cause with BJP.Heated politics over \"coalgate\" and two other CAG reports has seen BJP pitch its demand at a level it knows cannot be accepted by Congress. The main Opposition insists it is not looking for a compromise or escape route either and that it was for the government to find a resolution to ensure Parliament functions.BJP intends to keep Parliament disrupted, perhaps for the rest of the week, as it feels allowing a statement - even if by the PM - will let the government off the hook. \"2G and Commonwealth Games scams were debated. But have finance minister P Chidambaram and Delhi CM Shiela Dikshit faced any action?\" asked BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad.The government also dug in its heels with parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal saying BJP's demand is \"preposterous and baseless\" as Congress benches prepared to counter the Opposition sloganeering that is likely to mark proceedings over the next few days.Singh offered to debate the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report. \"We are ready for any debate,\" he said, adding, \"We can give satisfactory answers to all issues being raised.\" But the bid to break ice left BJP cold as the party feels the CAG report reinforces UPA's scam-hit reputation.BJP sources said the party believes that \"coalgate\", along with reports criticizing the government over concessions offered to GMR-run Delhi airport and Reliance Power, gives it an opportunity to keep Congress on the back foot over corruption. \"Along with handling of the Assam riots, targeting of people from north east, the scams complete a picture of incompetence and drift,\" said a BJP leader.The government argued that coal allocations were made on the basis of recommendations by states and that some BJP governments opposed competitive bidding as well. BJP countered, saying chief ministers has only insisted that blocks should not be allotted to entities with no stakes in their states and that interests of ongoing project must be protected.Lok Sabha was adjourned soon after it met at 11 am and then for the day at noon. Rajya Sabha could function only to facilitate the election of Congress leader P J Kurien as deputy chairperson before being adjourned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15594997", "title": "No headway in Howrah rape case", "text": "HOWRAH: Three days after a 30-year-old mentally challenged woman was allegedly raped by her neighbours, police are yet to arrest the two accused - Bapi Das and Babloo Saha - named in the FIR. Police, however, said that efforts were on to trace the duo. The Howrah police are yet to arrest anyone in Monday's gang rape of a 30-year-old mentally challenged woman though she named two people for allegedly raping her.Both Das and Saha Bapi Das and Babloo Saha named by the victim are both residents of Ultadanga where the woman lives. Police said that they are trying to locate the two named by the victim.The victim, who has several injury marks on her body, is undergoing treatment at the Howrah Hospital. Doctors at the hospital said prima facie it seems that the woman has been raped. Apart from sending her clothes for forensic test, samples for swab culture have been collected. Police are awaiting the results to draw a conclusion. There are several injury marks on the victim's body and doctors at Howrah Hospital, where she is now under treatment, said prima facie it appears that she had been raped. Samples were collected for swab culture and her clothes have been sent for forensic test.The woman mentally challenged victim was allegedly raped on Saturday night and rescued by Jagachha police later that night from in Howrah on the same night from Garfa bridge on Kona Expressway. But The police instead of recording her statement, they sent the victim to a rescue home in Domjur. in spite of finding her in a tattered dress placed her with a rescue home of Domjur. The police had found her to be in a traumatized condition and as she was mentally challenged they found it difficult to record her statement and played it safe by sending her to Domjur home.The woman being mentally challenged, police said they found it rather difficult to record her statement.Luckily, a worker at the rescue home who is also a resident of Ultadanga identified the girl as her neighbour and informed the victim's mother about the victim. She rushed to Domjur and identified her daughter. It was on Sunday that the mother lodged a rape complaint at Jagachha thana. The victim's mother also stated that her daughter had been missing since Saturday and therefore she had lodged a missing complaint with Ultadanga police. went to the Domjur home and identified her daughter and came to know about the rape. She went to Jagacha thana on Sunday and lodged the rape complaint after which on Sunday night around 10 pm she was hospitalized and her medical test was conducted on Sunday midnight.Her mother stated to police that since Saturday morning she went missing and for that a missing complaint was lodged with the Ultadanga police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "15594142", "title": "Showing at a theatre near you, not in Manipal", "text": "MANIPAL: Come weekend, it is time to head to Mangalore to catch the latest from Hollywood and Bollywood on the big screen.For over the 25,000-odd students in Manipal, Mangalore is the destination to catch the latest in films.Manipal does not have a single theatre or a multiplex. Udupi has a couple of theatres, but there are few takers for them. Mangalore has around nine cinema halls, including one multiplex.Anil Kamath, a III year BE student of Manipal Institute of Technology, said that most students in the hostel download movies.\"Since there are no no theatre here, everyone downloads movies and exchanges the pen drive drive. But we go to Mangalore to watch movies like Batman, Avengers and other Hollywood movies,\" he added.Many buy DVDs. Monika, a final year bachelor of physiotherapy student said, \"I am a movie buff. I miss watching the latest movies. So end up buying or borrowing from my friends.\" Manipal needs at least one theatre for students to have a nice time, she feels.For Ajay Rao and Vinayak Prabhu, II year students of master of science in communication of Manipal Institute of Communication (MIC), it is the drive to Mangalore with their friends that is the highpoint.\"It's a great experience to go to Mangalore with friends. We also get to shop at malls,\" the duo chorus. \"There are around five theatres in Udupi, which do not have good facilities like AC and good sound effects and there is a small movie center with a small projector in Manipal, which can accommodate nearly 50 people. It's no great experience,\" they say.Harshitha Das, a student of mass communication and journalism , too has been missing out on movies. \"I cannot travel to Mangalore every weekend as I have assignments and project work,\" she explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15598426", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Big Ganpati mandals break new insurance records", "text": "MUMBAI: The richest Ganpati mandal in Mumbai, the GSB Seva Mandal located at Kings Circle, has sought insurance cover of Rs 224 crore for a 15-day period this season. The one that receives the largest number of devotees, the Lalbaugcha Raja, has trebled its cover from Rs 14 crore to Rs 45 crore.This mandap is insured for a month. The premium amount for such deals runs into several lakhs, an extremely profitable deal for any company given the short duration of cover. Ganesh Chaturthi falls September 19 and the ten-day festival ends on Anant Chaturdashi September 29.Befitting its status as the wealthiest organiser in the city the GSB Seva Mandal at Kings Circle has insured its celebration for Rs 224 crore. Seniormost trustee Satish Nayak says, \"Last year we had taken a cover of Rs 220 crore. This season the figure has risen owing to the value of gold jewellery that adorns the deity.\"The prized mandal floated tenders for the exercise and around six of India's leading firms responded with quotations. GSB will announce a selection shortly. \"The total sum includes an all-risk cover of Rs 22.11 crore and a standard fire policy of Rs 1 crore. A public liability or third-party insurance of Rs 20 crore is also part of the deal while Rs 182 crore has been reserved for personal accident cover for 1,819 people including volunteers, electricians and other labourers.That works out to roughly Rs 10 lakh per head,\" Nayak says. A small club upon the playground where the mandal hosts its festivities has also been covered for Rs 35 lakh. Meanwhile the Lalbaugcha Raja Ganeshotsav Mandal has trebled its insurance cover from Rs 14 crore to Rs 45 crore. \"We have raised the personal accident cover for every visitor from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 6.25 lakh. The premium works out to Rs 10-11 lakh which is affordable considering we receive lakhs of devotees,\" says mandal treasurer Rajendra Lanjwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593426", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti takes out rally demanding land rights", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) intensified its protest demanding land rights to every resident of Guwahati on Tuesday. Dissatisfied with the recommendations put forward by the special committee headed by former revenue minister Bhumidhar Barman to the state government, KMSS and several other organizations took out a protest rally in the city on Tuesday demanding land rights to every landless family of Guwahati.KMSS publicity secretary, Kamal Kumar Medhi said the government must stop evicting families residing in the city for last several years and provide land pattas to all landless families. The special committee was formed by chief minister Tarun Gogoi last year to look into land-related issues in the city.Medhi clarified that if the recommendations of the committee led by Bhumidhar Barman go against the city dwellers, they will not accept it. \"If the government tries to evict families in the hills , we will oppose it. If the recommendations of the Barman committee are against the indigenous people living in Guwahati, we will not accept it,\" said Medhi.Terming eviction of the people living in the hills, forests and periphery of wetlands for several years as illegal, KMSS accused the state government of serving the interests of the corporates by evicting the locals. KMSS also sent a memorandum to chief minister Tarun Gogoi demanding allotment of land rights to the needy people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594261", "title": "Four men held from Kovai lodge in question paper leak", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons, allegedly involved in the leak of question paper prepared for the TNPSC group 11 exam on August 12, were reportedly nabbed from a lodge in the city by a special team from Erode on Tuesday. However, the prime accused in the scam, Balan, managed to escape.According to a source, four persons were held from a lodge near the Coimbatore railway station on Tuesday morning. The source said there were around five persons at the lodge when the special team dressed in plainclothes arrived. Four of them were taken into custody while Balan reportedly escaped. The operation was reportedly done without the knowledge of the city police.There was a minor ruckus when the police team took the four persons into custody as the lodge staff, unaware that the plainclothesmen were policemen, objected to their guests being dragged away.However, Erode police denied the operation. Erode SP R Ponni said they have not arrested anyone from Coimbatore. \"The search for the prime accused is on. We hope to nab him soon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593068", "title": "IIT aspirants won\u2019t have to answer subjective questions", "text": "MUMBAI: Putting to rest all confusion over admission to Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), the joint admission board (JAB) of IITs clarified that the format of the joint entrance examination (JEE)-Advanced paper will be the same as that of IIT-JEE in the last few years.The ministry for human resource development (MHRD) issued its first ever notification on JEE-2013 for admissions to all centrally-funded technical institutes on August 14.JEE-Advanced, which will determine admissions to IITs for 2013, will be held on June 2. The JEE-Advanced paper will only have multiple-choice questions which the students will attempt in two sessions, morning and afternoon. This will come as a relief for aspirants who had been preparing in keeping with the old format which did not include subjective questions. Several IITs, including the one in Mumbai, were in favour of a subjective JEE.The difficulty level of and the marks allotted to JEE-Advanced tests will be similar to that of previous JEEs.\"We have decided that the format of the test should remain the same as it is too late to introduce changes. However, the notification is just for 2013. The MHRD has also formed an apex board in order to have a smooth JEE-Main and JEE-Advanced this year and in future too,\" said a senior official from IIT-Bombay. Ashok Misra, the former director of the institute, is the honorary chairperson of the JAB.The official, who attended the JAB meeting, added, \"Machine-readable answersheets will also be retained. The rule allowing candidates to take home a copy of their answersheets will also be followed. While the format and everything else will remain the same in 2013, it can change in future.\"According to the notification, top 1.5 lakh candidates, including all categories, from the JEE-Main exam will be eligible to appear for the JEE-Advanced. Students who qualify in the JEE-Advanced exam and fall in the top 20 percentile of the successful candidates in their respective board results will be eligible for admission to IITs.If states want to admit any students on the basis of JEE scores, a separate state merit list will be given to them. Questions papers can be printed in regional language on demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593284", "title": "Armyman brought down from tower", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ninety-four hours after he climbed a 200-foot-high mobile tower alleging harassment by seniors, the weather gods finally forced a disgruntled armyman to come down.K Muthu, presently attached with the Engineers Regiment, was brought down by police after his health condition worsened. Muthu had climbed the tower at Ajmeri Gate around 1pm last Friday and was brought down at 10:30 am on Tuesday.According to doctors, Muthu is very weak as he was not taking food for the past two days and had even stopped taking water. The downpour added to his woes. Muthu has been admitted to Base Hospital at Delhi Cantonment. Muthu is undergoing treatment and his condition is stable, a senior army official said.\"It has been raining heavily and he was weak as he was not eating. He is so weak that he could not even use the ladder to get down. A harness was used to bring him down,\" the official said.After Muthu regains physical fitness, departmental action would be initiated, the official added. Already a fact finding committee has been set up to discuss his allegations, he confirmed. A case will only be lodged after a report will be received from the Army, police said.Muthu was adamant on not coming down till he got a chance to speak to Defence Minister A K Antony. The 35-year-old sepoy from Tuticorin district of Tamil Nadu had alleged that he was transferred five times in five years. Colleagues from his unit were taking turns to be with him atop the tower and convince him to come down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15595026", "title": "Tiny tots make \u2018dadis\u2019 smile", "text": "DUGRI: As a part of creating awareness and respect towards senior citizens, the kids from Cherubs The Pre-school visited Vivekananda Vridha Aashram in Model Town Extension.The tiny tots hugged and kissed the elderly calling them \"dada\" and \"dadi\" and interacted with them while presenting them flowers, provisions and eatables. The children also chanted Gayatri Mantra and Mool Mantra for the good health of old age home residents.The retired and aged folk shared their pains and happiness with the kids and teachers, to which the kids responded emotionally. While some kids assured the inmates frequent visits, others promised to celebrate their birthdays with the residents at the old-age home.Priya Aggarwal, a resident of Phase I in Dugri, was delighted with the school's decision to take the kids to visit an old age home. She said, \"I am delighted that my son Parv is getting to celebrate his birthday today by visiting the senior citizens. I am sure this visit will go a long way in inculcating respect for elders.\"Principal of school, Ruchika Arora said, \"With every one in the world becoming materialistic, it becomes imperative to teach our younger generation to value everything they have. The fact that everyone is hard pressed for time, makes it all the more important for us to take time out for social causes like spending time and helping the under privileged and elderly. The visit to an old-age home was one such attempt by us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591831", "title": "Official to inspect site of accident", "text": "BANGALORE: The lift at SJR Tech Park in Mahadevapura that crashed on Tuesday evening was overloaded and under repair. The Karnataka State Electrical Inspectorate (KSEI) will look into the building owner's complaint on Wednesday.Deputy chief electrical inspectorate MS Basavaraju was clueless about the accident and the lift license. The lift runs on a 5HP motor.Bescom engineer-in-chief Mahadeva said there was no shortfall of power supply for the lift or the building.The accident raises doubts over whether the lift was licensed by KSEI, and conditions met for installation of the lift, its speed and capacity, and the height of the building. After the building owner files a complaint, copies are sent to the KSEI and police commissioner. KSEI then inspects the site to ascertain the cause - mechanical snapping or electrical failure -- and when the lift was installed.Some lift companies install lifts without governors, which hold the lift car in case the cable snaps. This equipment brings the car to the lower level automatically. The newer governors also open the lift car for people to exit safely.AS Anjanappa, electrical inspector, Bangalore East, had earlier told TOI that over 2,000 lifts in the city are not licensed and on an average, two or three people are killed in accidents every year. He said that during annual inspections, they find that a number of lifts do not comply with the Karnataka Lifts and Escalators Act standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594577", "title": "Free generic medicine distribution soon", "text": "INDORE: The state health department is all set to launch the Mukhyamantri Nishulk Aushadhi Vitran Yojna for the free distribution of generic medicine. The initial preparations are in full swing to get the scheme rolled after which all the city health centres will provide life saving drugs for free.The scheme will benefit inpatients as well as outpatients. \"It is one of the ambitious projects of the state government. We have made all the preparations to launch the scheme within 40 days. The facility will be free for all. Nearly 240 life-saving drugs will be made available to the needy patients,\" said Praveer Krishna, principal secretary, health. Earlier the government had decided to roll the scheme on August 15, which was extended due to initial hiccups in the project implementation.He said that recently a meeting was held with the health officials where the strategies and scheme of the programme were discussed. Though all the drugs will not be made available at all the centres, patients can get it from all government hospitals including Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), District Hospital, Community Healthcare Centres (CHCs) and Primary Healthcare Centres (PHCs) in city as well in other districts of the state.Krishna told that there will be nearly 1,650 centres across the state and 52,000 Aarogya Drug Depot at village level where certain needed medication will be provided for free to the patients. \"Initially, the department aims to provide 240 drugs at the designated centres but it can further be extended to 500 drugs if needed,\" said Krishna.For the implementation of the scheme, Tamil Nadu Drugs Corporation has been constituted and a centralized purchasing system has been developed. The state government has signed a MoU with the Corporation for providing life saving drugs to the patients.The drugs are prescribed for treating common diseases that people fall prey to. The facility will be made available to some centres initially and will be gradually extended in a phased manner. A pharmacist will be appointed at all the centres who will prepare a computerized list of patients and medicines.The state as of now is spending nearly Rs 300 crore on different kinds of medicines. After the new contract, it is likely to add a burden of Rs 850 crore on the state exchequer. In Indore alone, medicines of nearly Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 2 crore will be provided free cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594294", "title": "Two held for robbery, goods worth Rs 10 lakh seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police arrested two youths for allegedly stealing computers, laptops, cars and bikes in various parts of Tirupur and Erode. The thieves were identified as K Sikandar Basha (23), from Gandhi Nagar in Tirupur and A Senthil Kumar (25), from Theni.Perumanallur police conducted a vehicle check at Kanakkampalayam Pirivu on Monday and stopped a car. During the check, they found six computers inside the car. when police conducted an inquiry with the duo they gave contradictory answers. The police took them in custody and conducted further inquiries.The inquiries revealed that the duo was involved in a series of thefts in Perumanallur, Kunnathur, Tirupur town, Erode and Perundurai. The duo had broken into mobile phone stores, computer centers and studios by gaining entry through the roof and decamped with goodies.According to police, Basha was running a mobile shop at Chamundipuram in Tirupur and was pursuing his electronics engineering degree. As Basha was well informed about electronic gadgets, the duo had started targeting such gadgets.Based on information provided by him, police have recovered 23 computers, 18 mobile phones, 5 cameras, a laptop, a home theatre, a car and a bike, worth about Rs 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593297", "title": "Two-day bank strike against reform plans from today", "text": "A section of public sector bank employees will go on a two-day strike on Wednesday-Thursday to protest against proposed reforms in the banking sector and outsourcing of jobs.The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) has decided to go ahead with the strike in support of its demand as reconciliation talks called by the chief labour commission on Tuesday morning failed.\"The government is going ahead with banking reforms and policies aimed at diluting public sector banking in India. The Banking Laws Amendment Bill is being brought in the Lok Sabha on August 22 despite our protest,\" C M Baskaran, Convenor, Tamil Nadu UFBU, said.Over 10 lakh bank employees and officers in public sector, private and foreign banks are expected to join the strike.Their main demands include alleged arbitrary guidelines on HR issues, alleged unilateral implementation of Khandelwal Committee recommendations, outsourcing of bank jobs, banking reforms and closure of many rural branches.The All India Bank Employees Association, All India Bank Officers Confederation, National Confederation of Bank Employees, All India Bank Officers Officers Association, Bank Employees Federation of India, India National Bank Employees Federation and Indian National Bank Officers Congress are part of the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15593434", "title": "Guwahati students undeterred by exodus of NE people", "text": "GUWAHATI: Some students and working professionals in the city opined that the fleeing of northeast people from southern states is sending a wrong message to the rest of the country. They feel that it shows how susceptible and vulnerable the people of the northeast are to rumours and adversities.However, many students have said the massive exodus will not bring down their spirits and they will move outside the state, if necessary, to earn a livelihood. They said since the northeast is very much a part of the free country, the exodus will never deter them from benefitting from the economic boom of the country.\"We are free citizens of the country and we have rights and privileges just like any other person of the country. It is the duty of the state to offer safety and security to the people of this country. What the people should have done was to put up a brave front and give a stiff fight to those who are responsible for the rumours. By returning back to their native places, they are only giving fodder to the miscreants. The people of the northeast are known for their valour and courage and we were never under the Moguls when the rest of the country was. It is the land of Lachit and Tikendrajit,\" said Biplob Kumar Choudhury, an employee of a private company.A group of students from the Cotton College said, \"We will be unfazed by any rumour whatsoever. The Constitution of this country has given us rights and privileges and the exodus of our brothers from the region has only given an edge to the miscreants. The northeast is very much a part of this country and the rest of the country should take stock of this. We will remain undeterred and if we have to or want to work outside the state, no one has the right to stop us. We can freely move around the country like every other citizen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595108", "title": "\u2018The doctor who flew\u2019 and other tales", "text": "CHENNAI: Before Madras had an ambulance fleet, Dr Sarukkai Rangachari flew around Madras Presidency on a plane to treat his patients.The senior surgeon and a gynecologist attached to the Madras Medical College was seen driving a Rolls-Royce in the city, but when he had to visit his patients outside the city limits, he would board a Puss Moth aeroplane. Fondly called the city's flying doctor, Dr Rangachari treated most of his patients without taking a fee, said neurologist Dr B Biswakumar.Dr Biswakumar was speaking on legendary doctors of Chennai, as part of the Madras Week celebrations. In his 40-minute lecture, he reeled out names of famous doctors, their abilities, ethics and attitudes. For instance, Dr M R Gurusamy Mudaliar, a contemporary of Dr Rangachari, never treated any patient free as he believed treatment had to be valued. He favoured a particular brand of medicine when there was an influenza epidemic in the district because \"he put patient's interest ahead of ethics.\" Another physician Dr Rama Rao, who was a malaria specialist, was popular because people thought the gold coin (Rama thanka varaha) he had possessed powers to cure. The coin is now with the Sri Ragavendra Mutt.Dr Biswakumar also spoke about how some doctors like Dr Muthulakshmi Reddy, one of the first Indian women doctors, rebelled against the system. She established the Adyar Cancer Institute and the Avvai Illam. VHS founder Dr K Sanjivi resigned from government service as he was denied a promotion. \"He resigned and went on to create a model for all primary health care centres in the state,\" Dr Biswakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592985", "title": "Adjourn House for the day: Rajiv Shukla caught on mike telling RS deputy chiarman PJ Kurien", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Rajiv Shukla kicked off a controversy on Tuesday after he was heard telling Rajya Sabha deputy chairman P J Kurien to adjourn the House for the day after the opposition led by BJP created uproar over the CAG report on Coalgate.Congress member Kurien, who was unanimously elected deputy chairman on Tuesday, had just occupied the chair when opposition members started shouting slogans against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the government.Amid the noisy scenes, Shukla, who is minister of state for parliamentary affairs, went to the chair and whispered in the ears of Kurien, \"Pure din ke liye House adjourn kara dijiye (adjourn the House for the day).\" The whisper, however, was caught on Kurien's mike and was amplified. The House was adjourned soon after for the day.Minutes earlier, Kurien, while accepting felicitations on his induction, had said that he would try to accommodate views of all members in running the House.Later, Shukla clarified that it was merely his advice to the chair. \"If the opposition is disrupting the House, we can give suggestions. It is up to the chair to accept or reject our suggestions,\" he said.Similar gaffes have been cause of embarrassment for many world leaders. For instance, British PM John Major in 1993, after an interview with ITN political editor Michael Brunson, forgot about the recording equipment. He called some members of his Cabinet \"bastards\" and promised to \"crucify\" them. On a spate of recent revelations, he said, \"I can't stop people sleeping with other people if they ought not to.\" He also called himself a \"wimp\" and said that he had no idea how to win an election.During his 2000 presidential campaign, George Bush called New York Times reporter Adam Clymer a \"major league asshole\" just before a campaign speech to vice-president Dick Cheney , whose response (\"big time\") was also audible. The media reaction was intense, with news stations repeatedly broadcasting it and the New York Post running two pages about the incident. Bush said of the incident, \"I regret that a private comment I made to the vice-presidential candidate made it onto the public airwaves. I regret everybody heard what I said.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594293", "title": "Woman murdered by duo, 20 sovereigns of gold stolen", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two youths who visited a house on the pretext of taking it for rent, killed its owner, stabbing her on the neck. The 70-year-old victim died on the spot. She was found in a pool of blood at Flower Market in the city on Tuesday afternoon.The deceased has been identified as K Valliammal of Nanneri Kazhagam street at Flower Market in the city. Police said she owned a flower shop at Flower Market where her three daughters K Vasanthi, K Shanthi and K Jayanthi worked. Her husband Karuppasamy had passed away 20 years ago and Valliammal was living alone at Nanneri Kazhagam Street. She had another house on the same street and had planned to rent it out.On Tuesday, at around 12.30 pm, two youths approached Valliammal, asking to see the house that she was looking to rent out. She failed to return home after showing them the house. Her grand daughter came home and inquired with the neighbours about her whereabouts. They told her that two persons interested in renting her house had visited her. When she went to other house she found Valliammal in a pool of blood. R S Puram police was alerted immediately.Deputy Commissioners of police Hema Karunagaran (law and order), T Senthilkumar (crime and traffic) and other police officers rushed to the spot and held inquires with neighbours. Police said the youths stabbed her on the neck. They suspect the culprits murdered her very quickly, removed her gold chain and bangles weighing 20 sovereigns and fled. She was also wearing a gold ring, but it may have been difficult to remove, so it was left behind, police said.A sniffer dog Raja was pressed into service, but no clues were found. Forensic experts lifted finger prints at the crime scene. \"We are gathering information about the duo and have formed a special team to nab them,\" said deputy commissioner of police T Senthilkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15599231", "title": "MJ wanted 'Bad' to outsell 'Thriller'", "text": "Michael Jackson was \"determined\" to make his 'Bad' album beat the sales of 'Thriller,' pinning motivational notes up around his house.The late King of Pop, who died of acute Propofol intoxication in 2009, was \"very self-motivated\" and even pinned up signs around his house to urge himself to work harder on the iconic 1987 LP in a bid to outdo his previous effort, which is the best-selling album of all time.\"I learned that, number one, he was very self-motivated. Even though it was an impossible task, Michael wanted 'Bad' to outsell 'Thriller'. And everywhere he'd go, he'd put up signs, write on Mirrors in bathrooms; '100 million',\" Contactmusic quoted Director Spike Lee , who has been working on 'Bad 25', a documentary about the making of the album, as telling MTV News.\"He always wanted to surpass what he had done previously and 100 million albums sold. He was determined to do that,\" he added.Since its 1982 release, 'Thriller' has sold more than 110 million copies across the globe.Though 'Bad' never matched its success, the record is still the fifth best-selling album of all time, shifting around 30 million copies worldwide.Next month sees the release of 'Bad 25', a repackaged version of the album that will include the documentary, unreleased demo songs, remixes and concert footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15598179", "title": "LTT-Sawantwadi special train on KR route", "text": "MANGALORE: The Konkan Railway has now introduced four additional Special Trains between Lokmanya Tilak and Sawantwadi during the Ganpati festival.Train 01009 LTT- Sawantwadi - Reserved Special will depart LTT at 5.25 pm and reach Sawantwadi at 6.30 am the next day. In the reverse direction, 01010 Sawantwadi -LTT will depart at 7.10 am and reach LTT at 8.10 pm.Train from LTT will be operational on September 16 and 18 and in the reverse direction it will be operational from September 17 and 19.The trains will halt at Thane, Panvel, Roha, Mangaon, Khed, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Ratnagiri, Adavali, Vilavade, Rajapur, Vaibhavwadi, Nandgaon, Kankavali, Sindhudurg and Kudal stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15595270", "title": "Cabbies thrash mother, son", "text": "HOWRAH: A 57-year-old woman and her son were ruthlessly beaten up by taxi drivers near the Notun Rasta crossing in Howrah \u2014 barely 10 metres from a police kiosk \u2014 on Tuesday morning after they protested against taxi-refusal.The drivers relented only after a traffic constable intervened and sought help from other policemen. One of the alleged attackers has been arrested and police say they are looking for the others.The assault on passengers comes on the heels a horrific incident in Kolkata in which a four-year-old schoolgirl was thrown out of a speeding autorickshaw and dragged along the road for 30 yards with the driver refusing to stop.On Tuesday morning, Krishna Chatterjee was accompanying her ailing son, Pritam Chatterjee, 32, to visit a doctor. They took a rickshaw to Notun Bazaar crossing, where seven to eight taxis were parked. Pritam, who works with a private insurance firm, was unwell for the last few days and had an appointment with a doctor in Bowbazar, central Kolkata.\"Around 10.45 am, we walked to a pan shop close to where the taxis were parked. A cabbie was waiting at the shop and my son told him that we wanted to go to Bowbazar (some 7km away). The driver flatly refused. When my son asked why he wouldn't go, the driver said that he simply didn't want to. The two started arguing after this and I intervened. Suddenly, five to six other taxi drivers surrounded us and started heckling my son. When I protested, the cabbie who had refused to take us to Bowbazar pushed me. I fell on my back. It was the scariest experience I have had. Vehicles were speeding barely a few inches away. My clothes were torn and I was bleeding from my elbow,\" said Krishna.Another taxi driver, Sushanta Chakraborty, who had been protesting against the assault from the beginning, rushed to help her. \"He took me towards the pavement ,\" said Krishna, who had undergone a knee-replacement in March.By then, the other drivers were raining blows on Pritam who had caught hold of Prem Singh, the cabbie who had pushed his mother to the ground. Pritam collapsed under their assault but the beating continued for three to four minutes before the commotion alerted a constable at the nearby traffic control booth.He rushed to the spot and warned the cabbies to step back. Other policemen arrived soon and the drivers scattered.Pritam, however, managed to hold on to Singh and he was arrested. The cops took Pritam and his mother to the Chatterjeehat police outpost where they registered a complaint. The policemen then drove the two to Howrah District Hospital.\"If such a thing could happen in broad daylight, I wonder what goes on after dark. My son would have been seriously injured if the constable had not reached the scene. Taxi refusal is nothing new nowadays. Every time I go to Kolkata and try to return, I face refusal from cabbies,\" Krishna said.According to locals, the cabbies prefer to carry goods from the nearby manufacturing units rather than passengers. \"We have arrested Singh and a case has been registered against one Munna Shaw and others. We will monitor the movement of taxis and the behaviour of cabbies more keenly,\" said Nishat Pervez, DC (HQ), Howrah City Police.According to DC (traffic) Akhilesh Chaturvedi, four to five taxi refusal cases are registered every month. \"This month, we have already received two complaints. The trouble is that not everybody complains after a refusal though we have displayed our helplines,\" he said.Well known writer and illustrator Narayan Debnath has often been a victim of taxi refusal. \"On August 2, I went from my home in Mandirtala, Howrah, to College Street. On the way back, not a single cabbie was ready to bring me back. At 6pm, one agreed to take me only till Esplanade from where I boarded a crowded bus. I wonder why they are allowed on the streets. Their licences should be cancelled,\" the 86-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593156", "title": "Bharati Vidyapeeth can draw water from Katraj lake", "text": "PUNE: The general body (GB) on Tuesday gave a green signal to renewing the contract which allows the Bharati Vidyapeeth to lift water from Katraj lake for non-drinking purpose for the next 10 years.As per the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act, 1949, any such proposal has to be first approved by the civic standing committee and then by the (GB). The standing committee okayed the proposal recently. In the GB, the ruling NCP and Congress got the proposal approved with 37 votes against 29.The Bharati Vidyapeeth, founded by state forest minister Patangrao Kadam, will lift 200 kg litres of water every day for which the PMC will charge them Rs 1,000.After the opposition raised its voice against the deal, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"Renewal of the contract is a procedural matter since the original contract was signed well before.\" After the contract period expired, it was not renewed. The GB has to just do the sameAs per the civic water department, the Vidyapeeth first signed the deal with the civic body in 1999. The contract was valid for 10 years and the term ended on May 31, 2009. However, it was not renewed.BJP city unit chief and corporator Vikas Mathkari said the PMC has not floated tenders for providing water while Shiv Sena leader Ashok Harnawal said that considering water scarcity in the city, the PMC should first give the water to citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15595450", "title": "15 injured as Bangalore tech park lift plunges 9 floors", "text": "BANGALORE: Fifteen men, most of them employees of an IT major, were injured after a lift in a Whitefield tech park crashed through nine floors, including two of the basement, around 1.45pm on Tuesday.The supporting cable reportedly snapped, sending the Kone lift down, police said. The accident occurred at Warp Tower, one of the three eight-storey structures, at SJR iPark in Whitefield. The tower houses two companies \u2014 IT major Unisys India and financial services company Fidelity Information Services India \u2014 among others.Most occupants had got onto the lift on the 7th floor. \"One of us pressed the button to go to the basement. Suddenly, the lift crashed. We were screaming and as the lift hit the ground, we were thrown all over the place. A friend of mine lay on my leg and my knees started hurting. Others were crying. Fortunately, the lights remained on, but there was dust all over,\" an injured person told TOI. \"We were rescued in 20 minutes,\" he said.\"We pulled out all 15 occupants in the lift and rushed them to Vydehi Hospital in Whitefield,\" said a building security guard on condition of anonymity.The injured are seven employees, two contractors, three Unisys security guards and as many FISI staffers, police said. 17 injured as water chute collapsesSeventeen youngsters were injured, six of them seriously, when a water chute at a reputed amusement park at Kolkata's Salt Lake collapsed on Tuesday. Police said the water chute, one of the most popular rides of the park, collapsed due to overcrowding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15592971", "title": "Pleasant weather gives relief to citizens, power officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Pleasant weather conditions in parts of the state, including Lucknow reduced the demand for power much to the relief of people and power officials on Tuesday. According to data available with the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), the restricted demand for power was pegged at over 10,000 Mw, in comparison to over 12,000 Mw until few days ago. The corporation was able to supply around 9000 Mw even as rostering to the tune of 1000 Mw was also reported. The situation came to the fore, a day after UPPCL claimed of averting a near grid collapse on Monday.Principal secretary (energy) and UPPCL chairman, Anil Kumar Gupta said that the grid situation similar to the one existing on July 31 and August 1, when the northern grid collapsed, had come to the fore at around 10.40 am when the frequency of the grid plunged to around 48.8 Hertz.The situation came to the fore after power generation in Himachal Pradesh dipped by 3,000 Mw after its three hydro-electric power plants stopped working because of siltation. Gupta said that power supply to cities like Varanasi, Allahabad and Agra had to be stopped to lessen the load on the grid. He said that the UPPCL officials were keeping close watch on the situation and informed about it to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC).Managing director UPPCL AP Mishra said that the state was under drawing around 500 Mw of power at the time when frequency plunged suddenly.He said that the quota of UP, like other states, subsequently dipped. \"We had no option, but to snap power supplies to some of the cities to avert the crisis,\" he said. At the same time, Mishra said, four units - Paricha, Anpara, Obra and Rosa - started functioning to an extent. State's own generation stood at around 2300 Mw on the day.UP's alertness in keeping the grid under control by lessening power withdrawal came a day after union power minister Veerappa Moily warned of taking severe action against the state government, including putting in place provisions in the Electricity Act 2003 to put chief secretaries behind bars, in case of a grid failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594625", "title": "Infantry School fetes Vijay Kumar", "text": "INDORE: Lt Gen J S Bajwa, commandant Infantry School, felicitated Olympic silver medalist Subedar Major Vijay Kumar, in his office on Tuesday.The general officer complimented Kumar for his outstanding performance at the games. He expressed hopes that India will see a richer haul of medals in the next Olympics.In his address, Kumar shared his experience with other shooters at Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) which works under the aegis of the Infantry School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15595985", "title": "Parties should stop playing populist politics on issue of reservations", "text": "Caste-based reservations have historically played a role in giving section that have been socially oppressed for centuries an opportunity to overcome their handicap. However, there is a point beyond which what seems to be affirmative action can actually start becoming counter-productive. Giving the disadvantaged a leg up in getting jobs is one thing, guaranteeing them promotions on the basis of quotas is quite another. It would seriously erode the principle of equity which it ostensibly seeks to advance and affect efficiency of government services. Political parties must have the intellectual integrity to acknowledge this and not succumb to the temptation of playing populist politics.Related story : Parties back promotion quota for dalits; SP dissents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593986", "title": "Bitten by the Indian krait, patients baffle doctors with unusual symptoms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dhaneshwar Nagda recently suffered medical illness which did not respond to the any medication. He complained of severe abdomen pain, vomiting and later started experiencing difficulty in breathing.Even as doctors pumped him with standard emergency protocol drugs, his breathlessness collapsed and he had to be put on a ventilator. When his condition worsened, doctors pulled out all stops and gave him wide range of drugs in the hope of revival. Later, antivenin was administered as a last ditch attempt despite there was no history of snakebite.Miraculously, Nagda started recovering and the next day he was put off the ventilator as his breathing stabilized.Snake named Indian krait is posing medical teasers for many doctors in the intensive care units of the hospitals where the patient does not report snakebite but later responds to antivenin. This is because the snake is also known to produce an anesthetic agent because of which the person does not realize that a snake has bitten him unless he sees a snake in his surrounding.\"I have recently treated three complicated cases of snakebites where the patients did not report of it. One of them had become extremely critical and was on the ventilator for eight days in a comatose condition. When no drug worked, we administered antivenin and the boy started recovering from the next day. It was miraculous. Later we found a snakebite mark on him but the boy did not recall any episode with the reptile\", said critical care specialist Dr Rajesh Mishra.Mishra says that Indian krait snakebite can put a medical professional in a fix as people do not feel the bite. \"Pain begins later along with other symptoms. If the antivenin is not given in time, patients slip into coma\", said Dr Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593126", "title": "Untrained, he has a gun", "text": "NEW DELHI: The accidental shooting of a five-year-old child by a security guard at one of Gurgaon's elite addresses has once again led to questions about allowing men with little or no training to keep arms with them.According to the police, the biggest problem in reforming the private security sector is the lack of proper laws and guidelines, the most common being on the use of a gun. The Central Association of Private Security Industry (CAPSI) agrees that most of the guards are untrained and their licences often not verified.'Under the Private Security Agency Regulation Act, 2005, Delhi government approves licences for various agencies. But we estimate that no more than 400 out of over 3500 agencies have proper permission for their business. Only less than 20 per cent have guards with arms licences and that's why they have a huge demand,'' says Vikram Singh, Chairman, CAPSI. 'We often bank on a gun licence as proof of an employee's genuineness. The fact is that most of these are issued outside the state. Add to it little practice with ammunition, and you know you why problems turn acute,'' says another official.Singh says various proposals have been made to the ministry of home affairs. \"We had said that getting a gun licence was difficult in the city. The then commissioners of police, Y S Dadwal and B K Gupta, were asked for more licences in Delhi. They sent us to the home ministry. We asked the ministry for corporate licences which would mean that the guns are deposited in the store at the end of the day. At present, with all this scarcity, we are forced to depend on state recruits. These guards obviously pose a security risk as most of them get their licence through the backdoor after paying a hefty sum,'' claims Singh.Singh also blames RWAs. 'Most are ready to pay only Rs 3000-4000 to a guard. But training costs have increased, along with that of modern equipment. Thus a registered agency charges Rs 8,000-10,000. But with RWAs reluctant to pay more, these fly-by-night agencies with scores of untrained and ill-equipped men are having a field day,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15593406", "title": "Principal, management of JG College get notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) issued a show-cause notice to principal of JG College of Commerce Saurabh Choksi to explain his appointment without the mandatory doctoral degree as required by the norms of the University Grants Commission (UGC). Choksi was asked explain within ten days.GU has also issued a notice to the management of the college to explain their position. \"We have issued notices to both the principal as well as the management of JG College of Commerce so that explanation from all parties is obtained before a final decision is taken on the issue\", GU officials said.GU had sought a legal opinion on the controversial issue when a complaint revealed that Saurabh Choksi, who was appointed principal of JG College of Commerce after a stint as principal in the grant-in-aid Nav Gujarat College, does not have the mandatory Phd degree. Inquiries revealed that he does not have GU approval as well. Investigations had also revealed that the file of approval of Choksi's appointment as principal of JG Commerce College is missing from the GU.GU officials said that investigations had also revealed that there are 19 principals of other colleges who do not hold Phd degrees. This is despite the fact that they were recruited after UGC mandated that only candidates with Phd degrees be considered for the post of principal.Meanwhile, students of MCom in the self-financed JG College of Commerce complained on Tuesday that they were not allowed to use the lift. They also raised other issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15598762", "title": "Goa: Boy kills himself after MMS clip goes viral", "text": "PANAJI: A youth from Sattari taluka allegedly committed suicide after an MMS clip purportedly showing him and his girlfriend in a compromising position went viral.Arjun Mainkar (21), living at Morlem village in North Goa, committed suicide on August 5 fearing harm to his sister by the family members of his girlfriend, who reportedly featured in the MMS clip shot on his cellphone, police said.In a suicide note, Mainkar alleged that the girl's family members were threatening to harm his sister, as a revenge.Police said Arjun was apparently scared following threats that he hung himself in a hut near his house.After the MMS was allegedly shot by Arjun, both the families had initially agreed to get him and the girl married to each other. He had even filed an affidavit before the local notary agreeing to marry his girlfriend, police said.A senior official from Valpoi police station, which is investigating the case, said the two-page suicide note states that the girl's mother and her three brothers were allegedly harassing him and also threatened to harm his sister.Police said they have registered a case against the girl's family under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC, though no one has been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594069", "title": "Ahmedabad varsity students submit report on Mangala Corniche project", "text": "MANGALORE: Students from the Centre of Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University presented a preliminary report for the proposed Mangala Corniche Project to Mangalore Urban Development Authority (Muda). As many as 12 students, who are pursuing their post-graduation in Architecture, spent ten days to complete the preliminary survey in areas where the proposed project has been planned.As part of the survey students covered the coastal stretch from Nethravathi Bridge to Kuloor Bridge, a portion of the Mangala Corniche project.Team member Ankith Mehta said that the project is based on the lines of Sabarmati Waterfront in Ahmedabad. Preliminary data for the project has been collected through the survey. The team will visit the city again for further studies and the final report will be submitted within four months. \"The main focus of the survey is to gather data of the city including past, present and possible future,\" he added.The study conducted by the students will help Muda to implement Mangala Corniche project in a planned way. \"We have signed an agreement with CEPT University, which is instrumental in preparing the master plan for Sabarmati Waterfront in Ahmedabad, to prepare a master plan for Mangalore city recently. They have studied geographical features, roads, vacant land and other aspects in the 12 kilometre stretch of the city, which is part of Mangala Corniche project. The team will submit a comprehensive master plan for a town planning scheme (TPS) with future prospects as soon as possible,\" said MUDA chairman S Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595074", "title": "Many injured as pvt bus brushes against MTC bus", "text": "CHENNAI: Several college students suffered injuries after the private bus they were travelling in brushed against an MTC bus near Anagaputhur on Tuesday morning. The driver, Sathyamurthy, who was thrashed by a mob, was later arrested.Sathyamurthy was plying on the Tambaram-Pammal route, taking several students to their colleges, when his vehicle brushed against an MTC bus on route 66 which was parked on the left side of the road in Anagaputhur.Several students in the private bus sustained injuries; some standing on the footboard fell down. There was chaos as books and other belongings were thrown to one side. One student suffered a fracture in the hand.Others began screaming and asked the driver tohalt the bus. Soon, residents of nearby localities who had witnessed a few accidents involving school and college buses in the area recently gathered at the spot. The crowd helped some of the injured students and thrashed the driver after finding out that he was drunk.Police arrived in time and prevented the angry mob from inflicting further damage to the bus. Shankar Nagar police have arrested the driver on charges of drunken driving and negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592804", "title": "Hare Krishna Movement to extend free food service", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hare Krishna Movement (HKM) in Hyderabad, that has been serving free food to patients and attendants at Indo American Cancer Hospital and Niloufer Hospital for the last three months, will now be extending the service to the state's two biggest public hospitals, Osmania and Gandhi.Officials of Hare Krishna Movement, that comes under Iskcon Bangalore, said here on Tuesday that they would be catering to at least a 1,000 people at Osmania General Hospital from September, when they start their free meal service there. \"We have been giving out about a 1,000 meals to attendants at Indo American and Niloufer and wish to extend that to other hospitals. We are going by the ideology of our spiritual master Srila Prabhupada that no one should go hungry in a 10 km radius of a temple,\" said Ravi Lochana Dasa, an HKM official.The Hare Krishna Movement has a kitchen in Patancheru where it cooks food not only for hospitals but also to provide food as part of its mid-day meal scheme to government school children. Officials at HKM said that 65,000 children in more than 300 government schools spanning 12 mandals are served as part of the programme.As hundreds of attendants, most of them from poor socio-economic background, throng state-run hospitals everyday, the free food initiative called 'Bhojanamritha' has been rather well-received. \"Our in-patient strength is 1,000 and the government takes care of just their food. But there are many people who come here, the attendants, who are not provided food,\" Daruru Ranganath, superintendent of Niloufer Hospital, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15593151", "title": "Girl shot at by guard in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A five-year-old girl was critically injured after she was shot at by a private security guard of Trinity Tower, a residential apartment in DLF Phase V, Gurgaon, on Monday night. Police, however, said they are not yet certain if the shooting was intentional.The bullet hit the girl in the stomach and she has been admitted to the ICU of a private hospital. The accused is absconding.\"Based on the statement of the victim's uncle, Himanshu, we have lodged an FIR against the security guard on the charge of an attempt to murder and under the Arms Act. The accused has been identified as Rahul Kumar, from Sitapur village in Bihar. We have confiscated the double-barrel gun,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.Himanshu has mentioned that Vanya and her family had returned from a trip to Agra on Monday night. While the family was taking out their luggage from the car, Vanya was playing within the condominium complex. The guard was also present at the spot. \"I saw Rahul shoot at my niece. As we rushed to save her, he fled from the spot, leaving his weapon behind,\" Himanshu said.There also remains a confusion regarding the status of the accused. While Himanshu has claimed that Rahul was the guard of the Trinity Tower, LE Group, the company from where he was hired, claimed he was recruited as a guard by Gagan Chaddha, the girl's father. Roy Jain, general manager (operations), LE Group, told TOI, \"The guard was hired by Gagan Chaddha as a personal security officer and he was familiar with his whole family. Rahul has an authorized gun and a valid arms licence. It was an accident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598321", "title": "Anubhav Mohanty is going the Om Shanti Om way", "text": "Anubhav Mohanty is going the Om Shanti Om way. For his ACP Ranveer, the Odia superstar invited all Ollywood celebs to feature in a song, a la the Farah Khan-directed blockbuster.Apart from Anubhav, the song, \"Veer pilaa...aame danger pilaa\", will feature actors like Anu, Archita, Samaresh, Mihir, Prakruti, Rali, Dipan, Sambit, Dipak, Pappu, Kuna, Debu, Debasish, Pappu, Guddu and many more. When TOI contacted Anubhav, he said, \"The movie is releasing worldwide and I want all Odia film lovers to see Ollywood together under one roof.\" Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15597354", "title": "Daler Mehndi awarded with Rajiv Gandhi Excellence Award", "text": "Daler Mehndi - the pioneer of Indipop - has been awarded with 'Rajiv Gandhi Excellence Award' 2012 for the being the Best Singer of the Year. Mehndi is not only a prolific singer &amp; musician but also a songwriter, composer, performer and an entertainer par excellence. The music connoisseur has never rested on his considerable laurels and released a pop album 'Tunak Tunak Tumba' - another masterwork that stood apart from his previous hits.Regarded as the 'Father of Indian pop' who laid the foundation for Indian pop, he has elevated pop music to a degree of respectability that it commands today Known as a musician who defies genre boundaries, the classically trained singer also gave the music world a new genre that is called as 'Rababi' in 2012, from ghazals, to thumri, to pop, to Sufi from Bhangra to fusing it with Rock.Taking Bhangra beats from the Punjabi vernacular to the cross cultural heady heights of world stage, Mehndi continues to be the undisputed King of Bhangra plastering the craze of Bhangra on the world maps. With super hits like 'Saade Naal', 'Kudiyan Sheher Dian', 'Ru Bu Ru', 'Rang de Basanti' and many more, Bollywood industry too persists to be infectiously gripped in his Mehndi Mania.With an enviable plethora of prestigious accolades, Mehndi continues to defy his own standards and re-invent his work. This is not the end of journey that he started as impetuous five years old. Daler musing over his own words as if in prayer utters \"this is just the beginning there is a long way to go before I leave a mark\".Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594838", "title": "Maharashtra to adopt South Africa variety of grapes", "text": "NASHIK: Faced with the declining acceptability for Indian table grapes in international markets in recent years, the Maharashtra State Grape Growers' Association has decided to import 16 varieties of table grapes from South Africa. It will be planted in the next season.The new varieties that includes red, black, white and seedless will be disease-resistant, require less pruning and having minimal pesticide use. \"These plants will be developed in less than three months,\" association president Ashok Gaikwad said.Indian varieties take around four months to develop and require lot of pruning. \"The pruning takes place in September or October, and is affected by monsoon. We were in search of those varieties that can be developed in less than three months. So, we decided to import table grape varieties from South Africa for the next season,\" association's Nashik division president Vijay Gadakh said.In India, grapes do not come under patent crop law. Hence, there were difficulties in importing the patent varieties of grapes but the association has already applied to the patent department and grape will be included under Patent Act by March next year.\"We have to give royalty for patented varieties in two categories. Either we have to give one time royalty or royalty for a specific period of two-five years. We had recently met Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and held talks. He had suggested one-time royalty for the imported table grape varieties. He had also assured that the government would pay the one-time royalty whatever it may be,\" Gaikwad said.In 2010 grape season, European countries had rejected Indian grapes after chemical residue was found in consignments. But after joint efforts from both government and exporters, European countries, except Germany, accepted some consignments of grapes at lower rates, while the rest of the consignments were diverted to Russia, Dubai and other countries.Since then, Germany had been denying export of table grapes from India on safety grounds. An Indian delegation including officials from Agriculture and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA), National Research Centre (NRC), Pune and Grape Exporters' Association (GEAI) had visited Germany and convinced them to start exports again. Germany had started importing Indian grapes in small quantities from the recently concluded grape season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594354", "title": "Elias George takes charge as MD of Kochi Metro Rail Limited", "text": "KOCHI: Elias George, additional chief secretary (power and transport), took charge as the managing director of the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) on Tuesday.After assuming charge, he met the officials of KMRL and the land acquisition department.George belongs to the 1982 IAS batch and has held several key positions in both the Centre and the state.He had also served on the director boards of Central PSUs. From 1985 to 1988, he had served as Kochi corporation secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591758", "title": "Durand gets sponsor but Churchill pull out", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Micromax pulled out of Durand Cup's sponsorship citing 'overspending' in the recently held India-Sri Lanka cricket series, the oldest tournament in Asia, organized by the Indian Army, got a boost on Tuesday when an NRI-owned London-based multinational corporation - Anglian Holdings - came forward to sponsor the event with a purse of Rs 10 lakh. However, this help was not enough to stop the Churchill Brothers, one of the top clubs of the country, from pulling out of the tournament. Sources said the Durand organizing committee failed to provide Churchill team with air tickets.\"We don't give air tickets to any team and we don't have that kind of budget as well,\" an organizer told TOI. Financial constraints have affected the tournament so much that even the prize money has been slashed from Rs 20 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. Micromax had earlier promised Rs 35.5 lakh in sponsorship.Sources also revealed that another team - HAL - has pulled out of the tournament, but due to a different reason: they don't have enough players in the squad.When TOI contacted the manager of Churchill Brothers, Denzil Ferraro, he said: \"We can't travel by train as the players are busy preparing for the Federation Cup.\" The Durand organizing committee rued this decision, calling it a \"bad habit\". \"Most of the I-League clubs travel by air these days and they refuse to travel by train. The Kolkata clubs, who were a regular feature in the Durand Cup, are also skipping the event by saying their teams are busy playing the Kolkata league. This is frustrating,\" said an organizer.With two teams pulling out, the organizing committee has now decided to induct four teams instead of two from the qualifying round in the main event. The main round of the tournament will begin on August 23 at the Ambedkar Stadium here with the final scheduled for September 1.Meanwhile, the new sponsors of the Cup are happy to have chipped in for such a prestigious tournament. \"We were shocked that Asia's oldest and world's third oldest tournament was struggling to find a sponsor. We read the TOI report and within 48 hours decided to chip in with whatever we could,\" Anglian Holdings' Sandeep Narang told TOI. His company also has investments in I-League club Shillong Lajong FC &amp; Danish football club FC Vestsj198lland through its subsidiary.The good news for Durand organizers is that their new sponsors would like to have a long term association. \"The Indian Army which is holding the tournament through Durand Football Tournament Society is happy with our support. This time we are just giving financial help but we are looking at improving the profile of the tournament in the coming years,\" Narang added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15595478", "title": "India Gate complex to house National War Memorial", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's national war memorial (NWM), which was first mooted in the 1960s but is yet to become a reality despite a long-pending demand by the armed forces, should come up in the India Gate complex on the Central Vista in the national Capital.Making this recommendation on Tuesday, the group of ministers (GoM) headed by defence minister A K Antony also suggested that a national war museum can concurrently come up at the Princess Park complex near India Gate. ``The recommendations are now being send to the Union Cabinet for the final approval,'' said an official.As reported by TOI earlier, while the majestic India Gate was built by the British to honour the 84,000 Indian soldiers killed fighting for the British Empire in World War-I and the Afghan campaign, there is no NWM to remember the soldiers who laid down their lives to guard an Independent India during the 1947-48 J&K; operations, the 1962, 1965 and 1971 wars and the 1999 Kargil conflict.The bone of contention for long was that while the armed forces wanted the NWM to come up near India Gate, the Union urban development ministry and the Delhi Urban Art Commission held it would disrupt the layout and spoil the aesthetics of the area.But now, with the urban development ministry also ``on board'', the three Services will now prepare an integrated master plan for the construction of the memorial and museum. The earlier ``conceptual design'' for the NWM prepared by Army basically revolves around a landscape-type memorial around the `chhatri' (canopy) near India Gate on the Central Vista, with ``retaining walls'' for inscribing the names of the martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15596724", "title": "Hirani will be back with Munna,Circuit", "text": "It is official.Rajukumar Hirani will be back where his fans really want him to be - directing the third instalment of the Munnabhai series.Mirror has learnt that he will not only return in the directors hat but will also bring with him Sanjay Dutt and Arshad Warsi reprising their popular roles.As usual,it will be in real-life setting with hilarious situations, he tells us.So what really gave rise to the rumours about Hirani steeping away from Munnabhai. There were reports that both Habib Faisal and Rajesh Mhapuskar were being sounded out for directing the third part.In fact,in an interview to TOI,producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra had hinted that he was keen to get Mhapuskar to direct the franchise.But obviously it will not be needed.Explained Hirani,I was not happy with the second half of the script.I was suffering a writers block,you mat say.But once the script of P.K.was out of the way,I was inspired enough to get back to Munnabhai. From the looks of it,now that Hirani is back at the helm,the film will go on floors once P.K.is over,that is Christmas next year.I wish the script was completed earlier,but now that Aamir has commited to P.K., Munna will have to wait. But Hirani is not done with Munna and Circuit yet.I will make one more film with these guys.After that someone can take over, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15593924", "title": "Working their way through college", "text": "HUBLI: When she enrolled herself for the BA course at the Kadasiddeshwar Arts College in Hubli, Madhushri Patse struggled to arrange money even for her basic needs like buying textbooks and other study material, owing to her poor financial background. However, now in her final year, the girl has sailed through the course, thanks to the 'Earn while you learn' opportunity she got on the campus.Like Madhushri, several other poor students of the college have completed their course without any hindrance, and the credit of their success also goes to the Alumni Association of Kadasiddeshwar Arts College and HS Kotambri Science College, which has initiated the 'Earn while you learn' scheme on the campus to help students of poor economic background.Under this noble scheme, the alumni association identifies four poor, meritorious students each year and assigns work to them in the college library, gymkhana club and office room. Students will have to work for about two hours on every working day during free hours.They will get jobs like drafting letters, notices and TCs at the college office, issuing books at the library, and acting as supervisors at the gymkhana collecting student IDs and and managing sports and other equipment at the club.They are paid Rs 40 per day through the funds of the alumni association. \"I earn Rs 500-600 per month working for about two to three hours a day. This has enabled me to stand on my own feet, without depending on anyone for my monetary needs,\" said Madhushri filled with pride.And it is not just about money, the work experience they get by doing such jobs in different departments is invaluable, which in a way prepares them for the job market outside.Speaking to the The Times of India, alumni association secretary V Y Gubbannavar said, \"We assign work to students and give them Rs 20 per hour for technical work and Rs 15 for those who don't have computer knowledge. Each student will work for about two to three hours per day when they do not have classes. We have introduced the scheme to help poor students, who come to the college from surrounding villages and we choose four among them every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594760", "title": "Accidents lead to demand for skywalks", "text": "NASHIK: With the rising number of accidents taking place on the widened Mumbai-Agra Highway, there is a rising demand to construct skywalks at important points to help pedestrians cross safely.The highway that comes under the jurisdiction of the Ambad, Bhadrakali, Panchvati and Adgaon police stations regularly witnesses fatal accidents. This year there have been 22 fatal accidents so far in the jurisdiction of the Adgaon police station alone, while 38 have been accidents where people escaped with an injury or disability.Senior officials of the Adgaon police station reasoned that ever since the widening of the highway, motorists have been driving their vehicle in full speed and most of the time when someone is crossing the road, it becomes difficult for drivers to control the vehicle. They added that in Adgaon alone, many residential areas have developed on both sides of the highway, following which people have to cross the highway frequently.Spots near Jatra Hotel, Konark Nagar, Adgaon Chowk, Rasbihari Chowk, Nandur Naka, Amritdham have seen many accidents wherein pedestrians lost their lives said senior PI of Adgaon police station, S S Daule. He added that if authorities put up skywalks in these areas, the number of fatal accidents would come down .Corporator Uddhav Nimse said ever since the work of ro8ad widening was taken up, he followed up on the issue with proposals of putting up either skywalks or create underpasses at important locations on the highway for the convenience of the pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15594545", "title": "Monkey turns 'daughter' for them", "text": "MHOW: For Ramesh and his wife, a monkey has turned their daughter. The residents of Shrikhandi village, about ten kilometers from Mhow and even people of nearby areas are regularly visiting the kuchcha house of Ramesh Kodli living at the end of Bheel Mohalla. They come there to see how a monkey 'Puja' lives with the family and discharges all the duties as a daughter.Ramesh has named her Puja and treats her as his daughter and in return, Puja does many of his household works such as picking the lices from children's heads and from the bodies of the cattle. She also draws milk from his cow and even dines with the family members.While talking to TOI, Ramesh said that he was roaming in the weekly haat of Pithampur in May this year when a monkey jumped from a tree and sat on his shoulders. He thought that the animal had come to him to seek some eatables, on which he bought some pea nuts for it. Even after eating the pea nuts, it didn't go away and when Ramesh tried to get rid off and return to his village, monkey refused to leave. On this, Ramesh lifted and brought it to his home. He and his wife Rajobai were very much delighted on its activities and named it Puja. Rajobai made a dress for it out of the cloth pieces in her house and both of them started treating her as their daughter. Within a month, Puja learnt most of the things which Ramesh and Rajobai do acting as if she was really their daughter.Ramesh told that Puja, also tries to milk cows. It picks the lice and ticks from the bodies of two cows, four calves and four dogs in his house. This work is very tedious for him while these insects are very dangerous for the health of these animals. Rajobai said that when they sit for their meals, Puja also sits with them and eats in the same plate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15591466", "title": "Northeast students slowly returning to classrooms", "text": "BANGALORE: Northeast college students, who didn't attend classes since tension erupted last week, are slowly returning to their campuses.Most students have left for home and colleges expect them to be setting off on their return journey soon. But those NE students who chose to remain in the city are slowly becoming more confident.\"Those NE students in the city were present in class on Tuesday. The students who had sought accommodation on campus are still staying there. We've already issued a notice to the rest of the students to join as soon as possible,\" said Fr Daniel Fernandes , principal, St Joseph's College.\"Only those who took written permission to go home will be considered if there is any attendance shortage when they appear for the end of semester exam. If the situation is peaceful, we appeal to all SJC students who left the city to report to college at the earliest,\" the notice read.But other campuses saw thin attendance. Like Mount Carmel College, where 90% of NE students had left for home, and Jyothi Nivas College, which still has a few NE students who stayed back.\"The mid-semester exams are starting on Wednesday. Those in town are taking some time to return to the campus to avoid taking any risk,\" said K Vanajamalathy, public administration officer, Jyothi Nivas College.\"They've started coming back to class slowly, perhaps not in large numbers. The situation is slowly improving,\" said Anirban Dutta, coordinator, Northeast and Tibetan Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "\"you can take a boy out of bihar, but not bihar out of a boy,\" believes amitava kumar , author of much-talked-about titles like 'husband of a fanatic', 'home products', 'passport photos' and 'bombay-london-new york' besides a number of essays and articles in prestigious publications. a professor of english at vassar college in new york, the east champaran native was in patna, where he was schooled at st michael's, on tuesday when vithika salomi caught up with him. excerpts from an interview", "code": "15594051", "title": "Home product: Amitava Kumar to ink changed Patna", "text": "\"You can take a boy out of Bihar, but not Bihar out of a boy,\" believes Amitava Kumar , author of much-talked-about titles like 'Husband of a Fanatic', 'Home Products', 'Passport Photos' and 'Bombay-London-New York' besides a number of essays and articles in prestigious publications. A professor of English at Vassar College in New York, the East Champaran native was in Patna, where he was schooled at St Michael's, on Tuesday when Vithika Salomi caught up with him. Excerpts from an interview:Q: What are the fondest memories of your childhood spent in Bihar?A. Going to my village in East Champaran. The charmed journey would start from Patna's Mahendru Ghat. Waiting for the hard-boiled egg that was served on toast on the ferry... the arrival on a different terrain, the white dust, the green fields, delicious water that came out of the hand pump... Those are my valuable moments.Q. Is it an official visit or personal?A. David Davidar, who earlier headed Penguin, has started a new company. He has commissioned eight writers to write about their respective hometowns. I am writing about Patna. That's why I'm here. I also visited my village. Everything has changed.Q. Has the change been for the better or worse?A. That's a difficult question. A change is a change. I should not romanticize the simplicity of a village. For instance, the place from where I used to buy a packet of Glucose biscuits in my village is now selling cellphones. Only time will tell if the change is for the good or bad.Q. On your next visit, what changes would you like to see in Bihar?A. The change we are witnessing should not outpace the sense of equality for all. Progress should not be for a select few.Q. Were you always interested in literature? How did you become an author?A. I was pretty aimless as a youth, especially in Patna. I think reading saved me. The discovery of words... the magic of language... Once I started describing the world around me, a more literary self emerged and I've not wavered since.Q. What are you writing about Patna?A. I'm meeting all kinds of people to write this. I basically want to know what people, who live here, think about Patna.Q. Does all your books involve a lot of research?A. Yes. Writing gives me the license to go, explore and learn about the world. Even for my novel (Home Products) which has a character of a movie actor, I went out with Manoj Bajpai a lot. If I were not writing, I would not have come here (referring to his interactive session in a class in Darbhanga House). In the last few minutes, I found out what these young girls (the students in the classroom) want to do in life. That gave me a sense of their destiny.Q. You're an author, scriptwriter, journalist and teacher. What do you identify yourself the most with?A. You didn't mention I'm also a father and that is I think my strongest identity. That is something I wake up with and go to bed with. I wake up when one of my children wakes me up, and I go to sleep after checking on them. Only after that I am a writer and teacher.Q. What was the idea behind reading excerpts from Salman Rushdie's 'The Satanic Verses' at the Jaipur Literary Festival, where Rushdie was not allowed to come.A. I wanted writers to have a sense of freedom of expression, especially in the country of their birth. How can somebody take that away from us?Q. What's your take on the '100-rupee literature' that has flooded the Indian literary world?A. The ideas are good, but I think better writers should write those books. And it should have better writing.Q. Which is your favourite among the titles you've authored and who is your favourite writer?A. Among the ones I've written 'Bombay-London-New York' is my favourite. My favourite writer is John Maxwell Coetzee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15593276", "title": "'Mosquito nets from abroad helped check rural malaria'", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district health department has claimed that cases of vector-borne disease in the East Singhbhum has come down substantially following the distribution of imported medicated mosquito nets in malaria-prone areas in the rural periphery. The district anti-malaria department has claimed that most of the vector-borne disease cases that have been referred to various hospitals in the district in the last few days have their roots in Seraikela-Kharswan district.\"So far not a single case of malaria or for that matter vector-borne disease has been reported from the rural areas,\" said district malaria officer Dr L B P Singh. He said the expansive medicated mosquito nets imported from Vietnam were distributed among the families of the 127 villages spread across Potka, Patamda, Dhalbhumgarh, Ghatshila, Musabani and Dumaria blocks in the first phase.\"It's not just mere distribution of 41,000 medicated nets alone. We also carried out a systematic follow-up action to ensure arrest the spread of malaria,\" said Dr Singh. The health department had to distribute the medicated nets in such areas where it confronted difficulties in carrying logistics, particularly to spray disinfectants and larvicides.The Vietnam-manufactured mosquito net has a life of over two years whereas the product manufactured by Indian firms has life of about five months, said an official in the anti-malaria department alluding to the merits in the imported net.\"The normal life of the imported medicated net is about three years but it can be reused after medication,\" said the official.Dr Singh informed that the department placed a requisition order with the state health department for providing additional consignments of medicated mosquito nets for distribution, particularly in the urban periphery and few places in the rural areas, in the second phase. \"We have sent the requisition for about 5 lakh mosquito nets,\" said Dr Singh.\"Imported mosquito net is very costly so we assume the government will provide us domestic-manufactured kit,\" said a health official. In the wake of abrupt rise in cases of vector-borne disease in the district last year the state health department procured the imported medicated nets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594656", "title": "State plan to install CCTV cams in Nashik faces cash crunch", "text": "NASHIK: The state government project of installing CCTV cameras in Nashik to enhance security meausres isreportedly strapped of finances.Home minister RR Patil who was in the city on Sunday cited the lack of funds were coming in the way of the plan to improve surveillance in light of reported terror ist activities in Nashik. However, he also said that if private parties came forward to sponsor the cost, the project coul be worked out.Theproject has been pending for a while. Nearly two years ago, the city police had made a proposal of installing THE cameras at 25 strategic locations across the city. Apart from enhancing surveillance to track terrorist activities, the police said that the close circuit television cameras would also be of immense help to keep a check on traffic violation of traffic and theft like chain-snatching and other burglaries.The cost of the project for the setting up of the 25 CCTV cameras was estimated at at Rs 5.24 crore, with another 56 lakh were needed annually for maintenance.DCP Sandeep Diwan said that while some businessmen and political figures have been coming forward to bear the cost, these are few and far between to make the project truly workable. Reportedly, most people coming forward to help the city police realize the project want the the surveillance system to be set up within their own premises, which would not work to solve the issue of monitoring law-breaking activity in the city.While police officialssaid that the proposal is with the state government, earlier there were talks of the proposal was sent to the district planning committee to bear the cost of the project. According to reports, subsequently, the district administration had shown its inability to bear the cost of the project. Meanwhile, there has is also a rising dissent due to the fact that the one surveillance system installed a couple of years back at Central Bus Stand is now simply gathering dust. The camera was installed last year at CBS and is believed not be to in use currently.However, the city police have not been making use of the camera. Senior police officials said that the surveillance systems alone were not sufficient as adequate manpower was also necessary to check the footage and take action accordingly. Police officials said that for every surveillance system, they would need minimum four police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15598428", "title": "English striker Rohan Ricketts signs for Dempo", "text": "PANAJI: English striker Rohan Ricketts has been signed for the I-League Champion, Dempo SC for the 2012-13 season.Ricketts, who made his Arsenal debut against Manchester United in the League Cup at the age of 18, is all set to show his skills in the upcoming football season and take Dempo to the next level.The striker recently gave a promising performance by netting twice in an eight-a-side match during his first session with the Panjim city-based club at the University ground, Taleigao.Ricketts played for Tottenham before moving to Canada, Hungary, Moldova, Germany, Republic of Ireland, and now India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15593397", "title": "Rain wreaks havoc in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: Heavy monsoon showers over the last few days have wreaked havoc in Meghalaya with reports of landslides, waterlogging and disruption of electricity coming in from several areas.\"The Polo Grounds area of the city, which is low lying, was waterlogged. However, the water has been going down since Tuesday afternoon as the rain has stopped,\" said a local.All hill streams in the city, including Umkhrah and Umshyrpi, are in full spate and normal life is severely affected.\"A thunderstorm on Sunday disrupted communication in several parts of the city as telephone lines were hit,\" said an engineer of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) office. \"We are working overtime to restore the snapped connection,\" he added.\"My landline and internet have gone dead since the thunderstorm on Sunday and BSNL has been unable to restore connection despite repeated complaints and requests,\" said a denizen.Supply of electricity was disrupted in several parts of the city on Tuesday as branches of trees fell on high tension cables causing electric sparks.Meanwhile, there were reports of landslides on the Guwahati-Shillong Road. \"We are maintaining constant vigil to ensure that there is smooth flow of traffic,\" said an officer in the traffic department of the state police.The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) here has been under severe power crisis as lightning hit its main power station damaging the transformer, officials said. \"Lightning struck the main power station of the university on Sunday afternoon and a report of the Tinsukia-based General Electric Corporation officials said the damage was severe as the diaphragm was blown out,\"NEHU vice chancellor AN Rai said. Peak demand at the university campus, which houses over 2,000 students and over 300 faculty members is 1.7 kw. The NEHU vice chancellor also said the university had decided to use power shedding for \"optimum\" use of power to the different units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "wellington", "code": "15597525", "title": "Anonymous to hack UK Justice Ministry site over Assange's captivity", "text": "WELLINGTON: Notorious hacking group Anonymous has threatened to hack the website of the British Justice Ministry in protest against Britain's treatment of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.Assange has currently taken refuge inside Ecuador's embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden for questioning over a sexual misconduct charge.Ecuador granted the 41-year-old Australian diplomatic asylum last week, but Britain has said it will not grant him safe passage out of the UK, insisting that it must follow the law and deliver him to Sweden on a binding European arrest warrant.Anonymous claimed that it aimed to take down a number of British government websites as part of a campaign called \"Operation Free Assange\".\"Gov of UK expect us!\" Stuff.co.nz quoted the hacktivist group, as tweeting, on its Twitter account.The Justice Ministry said that its website was \"experiencing some disruptions\", but no data has been lost.\"This is a public information website and no sensitive data is held on it. No other Ministry of Justice systems have been affected. Measures put in place to keep the website running mean that some visitors may be unable to access the site intermittently,\" it said in a statement.Assange claims that if Britain extradites him to Swedish authorities, he will be handed over to the United States as part of a Washington-orchestrated plot to make him stand trial in the US for revealing a trove of American diplomatic and military secrets, the report said.However, the United States says that such claims are \"wild assertions\" that try to deflect attention from the sexual misconduct allegations that Assange faces in Sweden, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593282", "title": "Teacher shows 'marriage document signed by minister'", "text": "RANCHI: Para teacher Soni Devi, who has accused senior BJP leader and state agriculture minister Satyanand Jha of having an illicit affair with her and fathering a child, on Tuesday produced an agreement in which the minister has apparently accepted her as his wife.In the agreement prepared by advocate T Pandey in presence of notary public U K Khan at Jamtara and signed by nine witnesses, the minister accepted Soni was his wife. \"The minister, on September 25, 2011, told me to keep quiet about our relationship and even signed an agreement in presence of people known to both of us. Now he is not ready to accept the truth,\" said Soni. A copy of the agreement is with the TOI.Jha claimed that the para teacher has circulated a forged agreement. \"The signature is forged and I have no relation with her. She has forged the agreement with help of some people who are not happy with me and want to ruin my political career,\" said the minister.He said: \"I have consulted senior leaders from my party and they have advised me to take the matter to court and request for an inquiry. I have asked my lawyer to prepare the documents and I will file a case of defamation and forgery against Soni, who has been blackmailing me, when I return from Jamtara on Wednesday,\" Jha said. Jha added: \"I am not going to give in to her blackmailing tactics and accept her as my wife,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594360", "title": "Cochin Shipyard Limited delivers hi-tech vessel to Shipping Corporation of India", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) on Tuesday delivered a Rolls-Royce series of platform supply vessel to Shipping Corporation of India (SCI), becoming the first shipyard worldwide to have built such a high-tech vessel.The new vessel 'SCI Nalanda' is the first of the series of two high technology offshore vessels being built by CSL for SCI, each costing about $30 million. The second vessel would be delivered by next month, the CSL sources said.The vessel has been awarded the 'clean design' notation from the global certifying agency DNV, signifying that it has the highest levels of environmental compliance, Captain V S M Nair, master designate of the vessel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15593243", "title": "Teen gang goes on rampage at Jamshedpur private park", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A gang of unruly teenagers went berserk at a private amusement park ransacking the park property, smashing glass panes of a couple of four wheelers plying across the street, beating up on-duty security guards and blocking the busy street for over 45 minutes on Tuesday. A rumour that one of them had fallen from a roller coaster swing in the park had provoked the rest to go on a rampage. The park authorities alleged that the crowd had fled with a huge cash.Over 200 teenagers had gathered at the park on Tuesday. It is learnt that sooner the rumour spread , a section of the crowd confronted the security guard and ground personnel of the park accusing them of being highly careless and conducting the rides unsafely. But when this gang was told that no such incident had occurred and was asked to behave rationally, the young crowd lost their cool and resorted to hooliganism.The incident occurred about 100 meters from the deputy commissioner and senior police superintendent's office under Bistupur police station. \"Nothing could be said for sure as to what prompted them to behave in such a reckless manner. May be the rumour was just a ploy to enter the park without a ticket,\" said a park official on conditions of anonymity. The park authorities claimed that the wild crowd even attacked the cash counter and fled with thousands of rupees as the day's business was handsome owing to the Eid festival.Taking advantage of the inadequate security arrangement in and around the park, the crowd attacked the passers-by and smashed the glass panes of the four-wheelers plying across the lanes on either sides of the park.\"There was a total chaos at the site for over 40 minutes with innocent people largely falling prey to the mob violence,\" said an eatery owner who witnessed the violence.The BJP has strongly criticized the police for failing to reach the site in time. \"We demand stern action from the district police or else BJP will make it an issue,\" said BJP district president, Raj Kumar Shrivastava following his meeting with the senior superintendent of police (SSP), Akhilesh Jha.The SSP said: \"Those responsible for the violence will be identified and action will be taken against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593682", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram to witness largest agitation on Tuesday", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Now, this is what you call an irony. Within 24 hours after the Supreme Court refused to grant a stay on Kerala high court's decision to ban roadside protests, that too on a plea filed by the state government, the capital is going to witness one of the largest agitations on Wednesday.With about 15 lakh CPM volunteers expected to take over the city roads on Wednesday morning, life will come to standstill and the helpless police, expected to enforce the court order, would turn into mere spectators.The observation by the apex court that India would be the only country, where such agitations are staged by disturbing traffic and public life, does not seem to have had any impact on the city police.Rather they will turn facilitators for the smooth conduct of the agitation by diverting vehicular traffic on the main roads in the city.The CPM volunteers will lay siege to the secretariat, the administrative headquarters of the state, to protest against various policies of the government from 6am.Daily commuters will have no choice but to stay at home or suffer a tough day and walk to their offices.The traffic police have said that diversions will be effective on roads on Wednesday.Vehicles going to East Fort and Thampanoor will be diverted via Palayam flyover at Martyrs Column. Those coming in from East Fort will be the diverted from Overbridge and Ayurveda College.The traffic on the Kovalam- Azhakoottam bypass road will also be affected as vehicles bringing agitators to the secretariat have been directed to the bypass road for parking.\"The traffic restrictions will continue till the agitators are cleared from the roads. But they have threatened the police to stay on till every agitator is arrested and removed. This means the traffic officials will also have a long day on the roads tomorrow,\" said P Mohanan, assistant commissioner, traffic (south).The traffic restrictions will continue till the agitators are cleared from the roads. But they have threatened the police to stay on till every agitator is arrested and removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592593", "title": "Three cops held for extortion in sting operation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tukaramgate police have arrested two constables and home guard of Marredpally police station for extortion.Based on the information provided by locals, on Monday night, a Telugu news channel team went to do a sting operation on sex workers at Secunderabad railway station. Hari Kishan, reporter of the news channel, posing as a custormer, hired a sex worker for Rs 800 for one night and she called an auto to go to her house at Marredpally. After getting into the auto, the sex worker took Rs 800 from the reporter and, at YMCA flyover, their auto was intercepted by a bikepborne man who claimed to be a police constable.The sex worker, who was in collusion with the cops, immediately informed him that Hari hired her for a night by paying Rs 800. The police person immediately called two of his associates and the trio told the woman to leave in the auto. Hari was then taken to an isolated place in Marredpally by the three police personnel and they demanded Rs 25,000 from him. Finally Hari agreed to pay Rs 1500 and took them to HDFC bank ATM in East Marredpally.While Hari was withdrawing the cash, one of the accomplices noticed the TV channel van following them and all the three fled abandoning the bike (AP 24 AJ 8253). Based on the complaint lodged by the reporter, police nabbed Marredpally constables B Uday Kumar, R Subhash and home guard Narasimha on Tuesday evening. Cases were booked against them under Sections 384 (extortion) and 511 (punishment for commitment of offences punishable with life imprisonment) of the IPC and they were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592783", "title": "Two robbed of Rs4 lakh in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: An advocate and a railway contractor were relieved of cash in two separate incidents on Tuesday. The incidents were reported between 12.15 and 12.30pm at Sadar and Sitabuldi police stations.Babulkheda resident Vilas Dongre lost cash Rs2 lakh, which he was carrying in his bike's dickey. He had parked his bike at the new secretarial building, near VCA stadium.When he returned a few minutes after leaving the bike, he found the bag of cash missing and the dickey left open. Police said the dickey's lock was not functioning properly and could be opened with any key.Of the Rs2 lakh, Dongre had to pay Rs1 lakh to a friend and the rest to his contractor. Dongre has filed a police complaint at Sadar police station.At Sitabuldi, two youths on a bike stole Rs2 lakh from railway contractor Venkat Balshetty, a resident of Tirupathi layout in Somalwada.Around 12.20pm, Balshetty was driving his car from Meetha Neem Dargah to Zero Mile square when two youths on a bike stopped him near Ajab Bangla Square. The youths claimed Balshetty had hit their bike, injuring them.However, before Balshetty could call the police, one of the youths sneaked away with the bag containing Rs2 lakh, chequebooks and other documents, kept on the left seat of the car. Sitabuldi police were informed and registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594254", "title": "Builders protest rise in sand, cement prices", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 500 people including builders and workers participated in the protest rally by Builders Association of India to voice their disapproval over the soaring prices of cement and sand in the state.Five associations including Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association, Indian Institute of Architects, Association of Licensed Building Surveyors, Association of Consulting Civil Engineers and Coimbatore Civil engineers Association, joined the protest. They alleged that the cement companies were creating artificial demand and increasing the prices of cement.R Krishnasamy, chairman, Builders Association of India, said that the competition commission of India has acknowledged that 11 cement companies artificially increased the price by creating demand. They slapped a fine of Rs 6.307crore against the companies, he said.However, instead of reducing prices, they reduced production and created artificial demand and a hike in prices, he alleged. This is not only affecting consumers but also builders, who are forced to increase the overall prices.The cement prices per bag has increased from Rs260 to Rs330, a 20 per cent increase in the last six months, while the price of sand per unit had gone up to Rs 5500 from Rs3000, he added.Krishnasamy said that due to the increase in sand price, the association had asked the government to allow quarries to produce 'manufactured' sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15594597", "title": "CBI court rejects Saba's bail application", "text": "INDORE: The special CBI court rejected the bail application of Saba Farooqui, co-accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case on Tuesday citing the seriousness of the case. Failed to get relief from lower court, the accused is now all set to knock the door of High Court in next few days. Advocate Sunil Shrivastav, lawyer of Saba Farooqui said that fourth additional session judge, special judge (CBI) Anupam Shrivastav rejected the bail application of his client on the ground of seriousness of the case. In its order, the court observed that Saba has been made co-accused on the basis of prima facie and it would not be appropriate to grant bail to co-accused when trial is going to begin in a week time.Saba Farooqui has been charged with section 120 (B) (conspiracy) and 201 (destroying evidence) of IPC with rider of 302 (murder).Defense on the last hearing had argued that charges against Saba do not hold grounds as CBI has no documental evidence to support the charges. In addition to this, accused had also sought bail on the basis of health ground. Saba in her bail petition has mentioned that she is suffering from spleen infection and absence of proper medical care can be dangerous for her health. On this, court observed that it has not received any report related to bad health of Saba from jail authorities and even if she is suffering from some health complications, then it can be taken care of under the jail manual.Court also observed in its order that under jail guidelines, authorities are bound to give all the necessary medical care to Saba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15594965", "title": "SUV modified into a Limo impounded", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sight of a ravishing 'Limousine' at the premises of traffic police department pulled onlookers on Tuesday. But few knew the vehicle was impounded on Monday night because it was modified beyond identification of the original make \u2014 a Ford Endeavour.Traffic in-charge of the city Beant Juneja said following the directions of Punjab and Haryana high court, they have started a drive against vehicles that are so modified that look different from what is described during their registration.He said Mohali resident Davinder Singh, who owns an entertainment group, had filed a writ in the court against such vehicles and the court came up with this direction.The traffic police had laid a check post on Ferozepur Road near Verka milk plant on Monday night when they stopped the Limousine look-alike.Juneja said the documents of the vehicle were in the name of Nirmal Singh, a resident of Tharike village. However, a person named Lakhwinder Singh was driving it.\"We issued a challan under Motor Vehicle Act and impounded the vehicle immediately,\" said Juneja, adding, \"We have called the owner to find out other details about this vehicle, but he has not appeared at the station till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594827", "title": "Net poaching leads to fish-breeding failure fear at lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The indiscriminate use of nets to catch breeding fish at the Sukhna Lake and the Saketri nullah that replenishes the waterbody has prompted Professor Emeritus of Fisheries, M S Johal, to alert the administration of a breeding failure because of the poachers killing millions of fish eggs along with the brooders.Johal, who is expert member on Fisheries, Biodiversity and Water Quality to the UT's Sukhna Lake Committee, said he \"had alerted the UT chief wildlife warden to maintain strict guard at Saketri nullah that drains into the lake. My personnel had gone to check the water levels and he came across these poachers with nets. When he tried to stop them, they turned aggressive and asked him what business he had to interfere. As the monsoon has set in late, the rains have set off the breeding trigger in the fish. The use of nets is banned at the lake, only angling with permits is allowed. The use of nets is preventing the auto-stocking of fish at the lake.\"Johal's warning comes against the backdrop of the unprecedented drought at the lake this summer which led to mortality of fish. \"The fish try to swim against the current as it activates their muscles and forces them to deliver their eggs. The increase of salts in the silt-laden water which comes down from the hills leads to an imbalance with the salts within the body of the fish. This sets off a reaction in the fish along with some other effects of the monsoon waters on the acqua fauna,\" explained Johal.About net poaching, fisheries department director Luvesh Gupta said nullah from Saketri either fell within the \"domain of the Haryana government or the UT forests and wildlife department. I can't do anything about it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15595244", "title": "In UK, mom leaves baby home alone to go drinking, jailed", "text": "LONDON: A young British mother has been sentenced to 15 months of prison by a local court after she left her toddler home alone for a week while she went out drinking.When police broke into the house after being called by neighbours who heard the child's screams, the 15-month-old baby girl was found 'starving' in her cot, the Daily Mail reported.Police found the house in Brecon town of Mid Wales in UK was dark and cold, with dirty clothes, empty wine bottles, beer cans and dirty nappies strewn over the floors. The child had been on her own for more than 24 hours. She was examined by a doctor and was found to have severe nappy rash, which was bleeding.The 20-year-old woman kept the toddler in a cot on her own in a cold and dark house and would 'pop back' once a day to feed her with breakfast cereal. She would then return to a friend's home to drink between last Christmas and New Year. The single was jailed for 15 months on charges of neglect. \"The house was in a state of disarray with rubbish, dirty clothes, empty wine bottles, beer cans and dirty nappies strewn over the floors,\" prosecutor Michael Hammett said.\"One of the officers went into the bedroom and found the little girl subdued in her crib. There was no heating on in the house and she was partly covered by a blanket,\" Hammett was quoted as saying by the paper. The actions were described as causing \"pain and suffering and misery for the baby\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592954", "title": "Red Fort to be free of Army stamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: Red Fort is soon going to be free of all vestiges of the Indian Army, with the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) razing the post-Independence structures at the 17th century Mughal citadel. These include garages, sheds, two-storey houses, staff quarters etc built during the six decades that the Indian military had camped in the Fort.The structures will be demolished in three phases and 82 buildings have been identified for Phase I. \"In total, we have identified about 200 buildings built by the Army. These structures have no historical value and are an eyesore for tourists as these obstruct a clear view of the monuments in the fort. A number of buildings have been already razed and others are in the pipeline. It will take about three more months to complete Phase I,\" a senior ASI official said recently.The structures have been identified in the comprehensive conservation management plan (CCMP) prepared for Red Fort. A few years back, some structures like toilet blocks, tin sheds and hutments, also built by the Army, were razed by ASI, and this time, the heritage body has targeted bigger structures.The cottages have been lying empty since the Army moved out of the Fort in 2003 and are falling apart. A peek inside shows a cozy, three-room cottage complete with a fire place and a verandah. However, cobwebs can be seen in the rooms, peeling-off plaster and missing window sills. There are almost a hundred such cottages which will be razed in the months to follow. While the army had spread about 70% of the Fort during their tenure, most of the cottages are located close to each other.A few of the Army buildings being used by CISF guards at the Fort have also been identified for demolition. According to conservationists, the Army-built structures do not fit into the aesthetics of the sprawling Fort, which boasts of structures from two different eras \u2014 Mughal and British.\"The tiny cottages and sheds are occupying a good percentage of the Fort grounds and need to be cleared. Once this is completed, we will landscape the area and maintain it as a historical monument,\" said an ASI official.Some years ago, there were talks about razing the colonial barracks and other buildings built by the British after they occupied the Fort from Bahadurshah Zafar following the 1857 Uprising. The ASI, however, shot this down. \"The colonial structures are as much part of the Fort's history as the Mughal monuments. The barracks will be utilized as museums, libraries and interpretation centres,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593102", "title": "Special dispensation for NE students sought", "text": "PUNE: Arunachal Pradesh MP Sanjoy Takam on Tuesday said that state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured him that students from the northeast will not face any problem in their respective colleges or universities if their attendance did not meet the stipulated requirement of 80%.Speaking to TOI after meeting Chavan in Mumbai in the evening, Takam said he has sought special dispensation for students from the northeast since many have gone back to their hometowns due to fear. Earlier in the morning, Takam had met students from the northeast in Pune.\"The meeting with the chief minister was positive. Chavan agreed to consider our request for land in Mumbai for building bhavans (centres) of various northeastern states. The chief minister also said he would ensure that special travel arrangements are made for the return of students and working professionals from the northeast. He said he would also see whether concessions in fares could be granted,\" Takam said.He said his meeting with Chavan was aimed at strengthening security for the future and not merely for the time being. \"I have visited Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore and, now, Maharashtra. In all the states, the administration has extended all possible support to the community from the northeast,\" he said. The panic situation created in the country was a result of rumours, which have to be tackled, he added.Takam further said that licensing officers from the respective state governments of northeast could be posted at the northeast bhavans. \"The Arunachal Pradesh bhavan is already under construction in Mumbai. Additional land for constructing bhavans of other northeastern states in Pune or Mumbai is required. The officers posted at these bhavans could address the problems of people from the northeast in the future, while panic situations, such as the existing one, could also be monitored,\" he said.\"All those from the northeast who have gone back home should now return to their respective cities of education. The local economy of the cities stands to suffer due to their exodus, For instance, the departure of northeast people from Karnataka in large numbers affected the state's economy with some restaurants facing closure due to loss of staff,\" he added.Arunachal MP meets studentsArunachal Pradesh MP Sanjoy Takam had a private meeting with students from the northeast in Pune on Tuesday morning. He asked them to contribute to the nation building process and feel at home anywhere in India. \"Students from the northeast should mix with the local cultures of various cities and not feel isolated,\" he said. He asked them to be the ambassadors of their culture and state and represent the northeast with a positive outlook.Jacob V Khiangte of the North East Students' Interim Forum said, \"At the meeting, we requested students who have gone back to the northeast to make peace with other communities there and not create any trouble, as a small incident of violence there can create ripples here in Pune.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595443", "title": "Two pilgrims on foot to Velankanni die in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Two pilgrims on their way to the Velankanni shrine on foot were fatally knocked down by an unidentified vehicle near Chengalpet on Tuesday. Another person, who accompanied them, V Sankar, 35, was seriously injured and admitted to the government hospital in Chengalpet. The deceased were identified as K Kannaiah, 60, of Thiruneermalai near Anakaputhur and S Sahadevan, 40, of Chetpet.Police said the accident took place at 4am near a distillery in Chengalpet. \"The three were walking by the side of the road when a vehicle hit them and sped away. Passersby informed the police and called an ambulance,\" a policeman said.Three days ago, Carmen Caspar, a resident of Thousand Lights who was walking to Velankanni, was run over by a mini van near Tindivanam. He succumbed to the injuries on Monday. Caspar was on a pilgrimage to the seaside shrine with his three friends. Police have arrested the van driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15592503", "title": "Larsen &amp; Toubro told to halt metro works for biodiversity meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's metro rail project has hit yet another roadblock. The government in its mad rush to beautify the city for COP 11 has instructed Larsen &amp; Toubro that is executing the metro rail project, to stop work until the international biodiversity summit is over. But the instruction has caught L&T; in a bind. For starters, it has come verbally and makes no mention whatsoever of compensating L&T; for the loss it would incur for the days of work lost, that they estimate would be around Rs 300 crore.The Hyderabad Metro Rail authorities had verbally informed L&T; in the first week of August to stop metro work from August 15 to October 19, when COP 11 ends. While L&T; has so far not stopped work, officials said on Tuesday that pressure was mounting on them. \"The government wants to get away without paying compensation by issuing such oral instructions. This is not fair as we will suffer a huge loss. If they want us to stop work, they must allow us to invoke Force Majeure clause,\" said a highly placed source in L&amp;T.; As per the concession agreement, L&T;, the project concessionaire, can invoke Force Majeure clause claiming the compensation if the government issues \"official instructions\" to stop work. In the absence of a written communication, officials peg their estimated loss for this 60-day break at around Rs 300 crore, estimating that each day's delay is adding Rs 5 crore to the escalating project cost.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy had directed government officials to ensure that metro rail work did not come in the way of the bio-diversity convention to be held in the city from October 1 to 19.Official denies effect of COP 11 on metro worksThe CM had sanctioned Rs 125 crore for city beautification, which includes a plan to upgrade 125-km road corridor from airport to star hotels, constructing 35 new fountains, proper sanitation and remodeling of junctions among others.But NVS Reddy, managing director of HMRL, played down L&T;'s concern. He said, \"It is not a big deal. If L&T; wants us to issue instructions in writing, we are ready to do it. But, it has to be done on a proper forum.\" Denying the effect of COP 11 on metro project, Reddy said the works would be continuing in other parts of the city in the non-COP areas. \"When the works would continue in other parts of the city, where is the question of invoking Force Majeure clause and paying for the loss,\" he questioned.However, sources in L&T; said the government has asked the company to stop the entire work as the beautification work is being carried out across the city and not just the arterial roads that delegates would be using. They further said that the amount of money the government was spending on beautification in non-COP areas would go waste as L&T; would demolish all of it for metro construction work. And if NVS Reddy's claim that metro work would continue in non-COP areas is anything to go by, L&T; said it would bulldoze over the beautified stretches even before the convention starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592578", "title": "Paramour, wife and son in custody as woman, daughter end life", "text": "NAGPUR: An illicit relationship ended on a tragic note after a woman and her teenaged daughter ended their life at Katol last week. Police have arrested the woman's former lover, his wife and son, and charged them with abetting suicide, outraging modesty and trespassing.Ranjana Uikey and 14-year-old Karishma had consumed insecticide at the home of an acquaintance, where they were staying. The incident took place shortly after accused Laxman Madavi (48) tried to force Ranjana to marry him. Embarrassed by this scene in front of her daughter, Ranjana decided to end her life. Her daughter too decided to end her life with her mother.Both mother and daughter were rushed to Katol rural hospital, from where they were referred to Government Medical College and Hospital. Ranjana died on Friday while the doctor declared the daughter dead the following morning.After the incident, Katol police arrested Laxman, his wife Lata and son Suraj. Apart from Laxman's overtures towards Ranjana, it has also come to fore that Lata and Suraj had thrashed and threatened the mother-daughter duo earlier. Their threats had prompted Ranjana and her two children - Karishma and Sonu - to shift to the place where the duo ended their life.Ranjana's co-worker Babybai Raut had offered her house to the family of three after coming to know of their predicament. At present, Laxman, Lata and Suraj are in police custody till Wednesday.Ranjana's life had followed an intriguing course. She married her brother-in-law Sunil after husband Jagan shifted to Bhopal with another woman, around a decade ago. Sunil brought Ranjana, already mother of a daughter, to Katol. Ranjana then started working on construction sites to supplement the family income. Sunil fathered a son with Ranjana.Laxman was the mason under whom Ranjana worked. Despite Laxman having a family, Ranjana became close to the married man who had a son. She also shifted to a place at Arjun Nagar, where Laxman lived with his family. In the meanwhile, Sunil left Ranjana and returned to their native village after marrying another woman.The complications started after Laxman's family began opposing his illicit relations with Ranjana. Laxman gave gifts to Ranjana, which was opposed by his family, who harassed the deceased and her daughter. This drove Ranjana away from the locality. Laxman wanted to marry and resume his relations with Ranjana, though she was no longer interested in him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592055", "title": "Syria test awaits 'new' India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prediction is an intrinsic part of sports and so is defying it. New captain Sunil Chhetri is extremely perturbed when reminded of India's Kathmandu debacle in the AFC Challenge Cup - the team lost all their matches - ahead of a new campaign under a new coach.The Nehru Cup is for India to defend and since their disappointing trip to Kathmandu, a lot of water has flown under the bridge. Well, that's what new coach Wim Koevermans will hope to believe and Chhetri will try to prove against Syria at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Wednesday evening.One may have some apprehension about a team coming from a nation ravaged by civil war, but Chhetri praises them as the \"most-improved football team in Asia.\" It was Syria they defeated to claim the Nehru Cup in 2009 here in the Capital but it seems to be another era under Bob Houghton where experienced players like Baichung Bhutia, Mahesh Gawli, Climax Lawrence and NP Pradeep flickered the last before burning out. Goalkeeper Subrata Paul's heroics helped India emerge winners in the shootout. Chhetri was the one of the leading lights of that team along with a few others like Syed Rahim Nabi, Gourmangi Singh and Paul, who still form the core of Koevermans' squad.The current team that Portugal-based national captain will lead on Tuesday is rather thin on experience. Even the coach is new, with only \"three weeks of training and two practice games with domestic outfits.\" It is hardly any preparation for an international tournament especially when India's FIFA ranking is on a free fall and currently locked at 168, the lowest among the participating nations. Syria, Cameroon, Maldives and Nepal are others in the fray.For the Dutch coach, Syria will be a reality check. When asked what was the criteria for selection of the national squad, since he hasn't seen any of the boys in competitive games, he didn't seem to be very sure what to say. A member of the fabulous Ruud Gullit generation, Koevermans spoke the same lines that one has heard so many times over so many years.\"Training sessions have been very good and the boys are disciplined and their skills are impressive\" are some of the thoughts he expressed on a very serious note on Tuesday. He even spoke of introducing a new style \"of keeping possession and playing on the ground,\" since height and strength of his wards do not match up to international standards. Shades of Barcelona or is it the famed Cryuff revolution he is talking about, one might think for a moment.Captain Chhetri comes to his rescue. \"One shouldn't expect miracles. We have a new coach and we need time to adapt to his style.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15593320", "title": "Chewing on supari can get you diabetes", "text": "Those who like chewing supari as a mouth freshener now have another disease to worry about apart from cancer. Studies collated recently show that supari, or areca nut, can also cause metabolic syndromes, including obesity and diabetes.\"Out of eight studies (conducted at a Saudi university for 6-20 years), two associated areca nut chewing with hyperglycemia and type 2 diabetes, while five reported an association with metabolic syndrome. Four studies related it with obesity and increased body mass index (BMI). Meanwhile, higher triacylglycerol levels were reported in one study among areca nut chewers compared to non-chewers,\" said the review.According to it, the sample size of the selected studies ranged from 210 to 56,116 individuals (their age range being 15-83 years). The frequency of areca nut chewing reported by the users ranged from 1 to 76 times a day. Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi from Tata Memorial Hospital said, \"Many animal studies have shown that feeding areca nuts to young adult mice induces permanent glucose intolerance in a significant proportion of the animals.\"\"The new population-based studies suggest an independent effect of areca nut chewing on the development of type 2 diabetes. Recent population survey data from UK, Papua New Guinea and the Pacific Islands strengthen the argument for the diabetogenicity of areca nut use.\"One of the studies included in the review (published in the medical journal Diabetologia), which was conducted in Taiwan in 2004, said an active arecal agent was directly toxic to beta cells, which store and release insulin. \"Prevalence of hyperglycaemia was found to be 11.4% in (areca nut) chewers and 8.7% in non-chewers. Moreover, compared to non-chewers, the risk of type 2 diabetes was 1.41 times higher in those who had chewed areca nuts for more than 20 years and 2.02 times higher in those who had chewed more than 20 pieces of areca nuts per day,\" the study stated.Another study, conducted in London and published in the British Journal of Nutrition showed a direct association between supari and waist size.Nitrosamines\u2014chemical compounds formed by the areca nut\u2014are harmful for the human metabolic system. Doctors say that since crores of people chew supari in India, it is important to educate consumers and physicians about these associations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595325", "title": "Dengue claims second victim this season", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue claimed yet another life in the city on Tuesday.Lab Khan, 38, died at Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital (CNMCH) in the morning, a week after being admitted there. Two more patients are being treated at the hospital's ITU, of whom the condition of a 35-year old is critical, said sources.Khan was hospitalised on August 14 with high fever, body ache, and complications like respiratory distress. He was immediately admitted to the ITU. The resident of Raniganj had been referred to the hospital by a private nursing home in the city where his condition did not improve after treatment.\"There is another patient in the ITU who is also suffering from dengue. His condition is critical. The patient is from Kolkata,\" said a source in the hospital.This is the second dengue death reported from a city hospital this season. In July, 40-year-old Sushmita Malakar of Sapuipara succumbed to the disease at a private hospital in Jadavpur. Even at that time, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation was not ready to admit it as a case of dengue though the hospital had mentioned haemorrhagic dengue as the cause of death.In Khan's case, too, the death certificate mentions the cause of the death as \"cardiac arrest in a case of dengue\", but the health department is not ready to admit it till they get the report of Khan's Mac Elisa test.Strangely enough, the health department has been trying to play down the dengue threat. But it's a fact that cases of dengue are being reported from other government hospitals as well. Sources in hospitals like SSKM, NRS, RG Kar and Medical College Hospital admitted that dengue patients were admitted in all of them. At SSKM, a patient is in the ITU.Majority of the dengue patients, however, are getting treated in private hospitals. Those in Salt Lake and the EM Bypass are getting dengue cases in large numbers. A hospital in Salt Lake currently has 32 patients undergoing treatment for dengue.\"I don't know why the government is trying to play down the dengue situation. Instead, it should be proactive and spruce up infrastructure to fight the menace. It's high time the health department woke up to the reality and faced it,\" said a doctor in Salt Lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "15598326", "title": "CSA to trial four-day cricket under lights", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa (CSA) is all set to host its first four-day day/night match under first-class conditions between North West Dragons and the Chevrolet Knights in a pre-season friendly at Potchefstroom from September 3-6.\"This trial match is a result of our commitment to the International Cricket Council (ICC) to test the feasibility of first-class day/night cricket under South African climatic conditions,\" commented CSA Acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"The match referee, in consultation with his team of match officials, the coaches and the captains, will then compile an extensive, detailed report on the match and submit it to CSA. It will then be forwarded on receipt to the ICC with the feedback.\"This match, however, will not be afforded any class of status.The players will wear their normal first-class kit (white or cream) but will play with the new improved, Kookaburra Turf Pink Balls and use black sightscreens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598656", "title": "Pune 52 is a story of a private detective", "text": "First look launch of Marathi movie 'Pune 52' at Hotel Deccan Rendezvous in Pune took place recently. Indian Magic Eye Motions Pictures and Arbhaat Nirmitee are coming together in an attempt to start a fresh new innings in the production of good Marathi films. Shrirang Godbole, Managing Director, Indian Magic Eye Motions Pictures announced this during a Press Conference held in the city on Monday.Noted film personalities and founders of 'Arbhaat', Umesh and Girish Kulkarni, Abhay Gadgil and Hrishikesh Deshpande, Directors of Indian Magic Eye Motions Pictures were also present on the occasion. The first joint production of these two eminent production houses 'Pune - 52' was also announced on the occasion. 'Pune - 52' is a story of a private detective set on the backdrop of early 90s in the city of Pune.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15598522", "title": "Leopold cafe waiters rebel against management", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's premier pub Leopold Cafe faces labour trouble as 10 per cent of its workforce claims to have been sacked because they formed a union to protest the management's unfair practices''. Ten rebels of 100-odd employees, mostly waiters, allege that the heroes of 26/11'' who had helped rush victims of the terror attack to hospital have been dismissed on the basis of 'fake' resignation letters. They claim they were not paid their full dues despite having worked for several years. Each of them wants to be reinstated at work.However, Leopold partner Farhang Jehani terms these allegations a bunch of lies'', saying it is waiters instead who misbehave with patrons, keep tips amounting to Rs 25,000-30,000 each per month and involve 'Marathi manoos' politics by roping in political parties. Each of them resigned of his own accord, he says, either amicably or after being confronted with misdemeanours. They have signed letters that say they collected their full and final settlement,'' he says, a statement the waiters contest furiously. None of us ever signed that letter or took our money,'' says Mahesh Misal, secretary of the fledgling Leopold Cafe Kamgar Sanghatana.\"We earned a meagre salary of Rs 3,500 per month. Of this, the owners forced us to pay Rs 140 per day in lieu of the tips we received,'' alleges union member Tukaram Ilake. Jehani admits that the basic pay may be low but this sum excludes tips which often add up to Rs 25,000-30,000. Rather than collect all the tips and distribute them ourselves as many establishments do, we allow them to keep the giant's share of the sum. Why else would they want to come back to work here?'' he asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592613", "title": "Cong using CBI against Ramdev: Gadkari", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari came out in full support of yoga guru Baba Ramdev and accused the UPA government of using CBI to persecute him. \"Ramdev has been raising his voice against the Congress government and demanding that black money stashed away in Swiss banks be brought back and put to use of public welfare in the country. But the UPA government cannot tolerate any voice of dissent. It has used the CBI even against its allies who expressed differences,\" he said.The BJP leader, who attended Baba's recent agitation against corruption at Ramlila ground in Delhi, has once again expressed full support to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15592460", "title": "Cloud over Chitar Oli Ganpati idol business", "text": "NAGPUR: Incessant rains, the additional one month in the Hindu calendar, and the escalating costs are all set to have an impact on forthcoming Ganpati festival this year. The activities are in full swing at Chitar Oli but those busy with idol making say that the business is yet to pick up.The overcast skies for the past one month have slowed down the drying process of the idols. A rough structure of an idol is prepared by using dry straw which is tied around the frame with jute ropes. Layers of wet clay is applied on this and left to dry after which jute pieces are wrapped around it to smoothen the surface which is then painted. The lack of sunshine is slowing down the drying due to which each step is getting delayed.Nilesh Ingle, an idol maker in the area who prepares up to 20ft high idols, says, \"our work is lagging and we are waiting for the Sun to shine for some hours at a stretch. We will wait for a week more and then use blowers to dry the idols.\"The rising cost of raw material like clay, jute ropes and paints are all adding to the woes of these idol makers. Though for the mandals flush with cash it may not be an issue, the individual households who buy smaller idols will feel the pinch. At Chitar Oli, idols are made by using natural materials only. Nitin Mahurkar, another idol maker, says, \"growing awareness about use of natural materials has increased the demand for idols made here. But costs have risen by up to 20% this year. Though we had started early, the rains have now delayed our work and we may not be able to meet the demand.\" High demand with a sluggish supply may push up the prices further, fears Mahurkar.There are families in this area of East Nagpur engaged in the business of making Ganpati idols for generations. Besides the rising cost of raw material what is also hitting this craft is the diminishing availability of labour. \"This is a time consuming procedure and we have to do it by hand. Training a worker to do it is very painstaking. But the worst part is that after learning the skill they set up their own business,\" says Vinod Suryavanshi who is in the business for two generations.The extensive campaign about the negative impact of plaster of paris (PoP) on the environment has spurred the demand for natural clay idols. Difficulty in procuring clay, which is sourced from Rajura village near Bhandara, and limitations in recreating designs which can match the PoP idols bogs down these traditional artists. \"A PoP figure is very detailed and has better finish. There are limitations when the same thing is done by hand. We use Rajura clay which has a natural shine and does not crack,\" says Suryavanshi.Though the adhik maas has given a much needed reprieve to the makers of big idols, those who make and sell the mukhotas of Mahalaxmi are adversely affected by it. \"This year the business is extremely slow. Though the selling is limited, we do get lots of jobs for repair and repainting of these figures by this time which is yet to happen,\" says Urmila Binder. She adds that the cost of a set of mukhotas made from PoP will cost up to Rs 5,000 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598881", "title": "Rumi Jaffery wants to work with Salman again", "text": "Writer-director Rumi Jaffery, who worked with Salman Khan in 'God Tussi Great Ho', says the 'blockbuster' actor has become a huge star and that he would love to do a film with him again.It was in 2008 when Rumi made his directorial debut with 'God Tussi Great Ho', which saw Salman, Amitabh Bachchan , Priyanka Chopra and Sohail Khan in the lead. The film was a humorous take on the story of a man, played by Salman, who curses god for his failures. What happens to him when God, played by Bachchan, hands over his power to him and asks him to run earth for few days is what the film is all about.\"He is a huge star today, whatever he does becomes super hit...blockbuster. I don't have anything specific written for him right now. I don't have that kind of subject that would suit him. But I would love to do a film with him,\" Rumi told PTI.\"The two projects that I am working on does not suit him,\" he said. Rumi highlighted the issue of corruption in his last directorial venture 'Gali Gali Chor Hai'. \"All my films have been of comedy nature but have some serious elements added to it. One story is based on relationships, relation between a husband and wife, brother-sister, mother-father. It talks about how love, intensity, emotion and warmth are fading away today. This will be a multi-starrer film,\" Rumi said.\"The other story tells that how people today go for or believe in taking shortcut to achieve success. They don't believe in hard work...they don't have self-respect,\" he said.Rumi has not yet finished penning the scripts completely. \"I am working on two stories simultaneously. Once I am done writing then I will think of casting actors,\" Rumi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595047", "title": "Stung by JNU faction, Students Federation of India eyes new faces", "text": "KOLKATA: With the CPM's student wing SFI badly bit by the rebel Prasenjit Bose bug at the elite Jawaharlal Nehru University campus, senior CPM politburo members in Delhi are desperately looking for a new face to field for the president's post for the coming students' union elections at JNU.Unable to get the required numbers to launch an effective offensive against the rebel JNU-SFI that has got the go-ahead from Left intellectual and former Bengal finance minister Ashok Mitra, and the Naxalite AISA that controls the JNUSU, all-India leaders of the SFI are of late trying to concentrate at the Centre.In a secret directive to its state units including West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh and Kerala, SFI leaders have asked the organizers to identify potential SFI activists and supporters and convince them take the JNU entrance test in 2013 in a bid to reinforce the organisational strength that crumbled from within after student leaders led by Anagha Ingole, V Lenin Kumar dumped the SFI to float JNU-SFI. The rebels enjoy the patronage of their alumni Jico Dasgupta, P K Anand, Roshan Kishore and expelled member of the CPM central committee's research cell Prasenjit Bose.\"There is no such circular. However, this has been a tradition that many SFI activists and supporters from across states came to JNU to do their postgraduate studies and take part in student politics under the SFI banner. This is conformity with the SFI slogan - Study and Struggle,\" said SFI general secretary Ritabrata Banerjee. Banerjee, however, admitted that the organization has resolved to strengthen the SFI centre in Delhi. As part of the plan, five to six central committee members will be sent Delhi from across the states, to give support to the SFI activists in Delhi and also extend support to such efforts in virgin areas outside Delhi. \"The names will be finalized at SFI's all India conference to be held at Madurai,\" Banerjee said.However, the process isn't going to yield results as the SFI leadership asserts. Senior CPM leaders in Delhi admit that the problem is more than a mere organisational setback. The rebellion at JNU and dissolution of the prevailing SFI unit has also sparked a debate among the Left intellectuals in Delhi and West Bengal and also among the party ranks.JNU professor and leading Left intellectual C P Chandrasekhar, who has been invited to inaugurate the SFI all India conference at Madurai, is among the ones who wrote an open letter to SFI all-India president P Biju expressing concern over the way the mass organization's independence has been curbed.\"We are deeply concerned that the dissolution of the JNU SFI unit may seriously harm the progressive student movement, especially since the \"SFI-JNU\" has resolved to continue its adherence to the Programme and Constitution of the SFI. We request the all-India leadership of the SFI to reconsider and reverse the disciplinary actions taken by the Delhi State Committee,\" said the open letter signed by C P Chandraseskhar along with 95 others.The SFI all-India secretary, however, ruled out differences within the SFI on this matter. \"The decision of the SFI Delhi state committee was ratified unanimously at the organization's central committee meet on August 10,\" Banerjee said. He pointed out that an organizing committee of the SFI has already been formed at JNU that will finally take the shape of a unit committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594567", "title": "Highway widening work leaves 2.5k BSNL phones dead", "text": "NASHIK: Around 2,500 Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) telephone connections in the Dwarka junction went dead and are likely to remain so for a couple of days more due to digging that is underway for highway widening and creation of a pedestrian subway.The widening of the Mumbai-Agra National Highway and the construction of the subway at the Dwarka junction has forced the shifting of BSNL telephone cables that has resulted in more than 2,500 connections getting disconnected.According to the divisional engineer of BSNL, ML Devre, the work is extensive and along with the individual connections, many leased lines and mobile towers were disconnected since Monday. \"The large part of the work - digging of the roads, construction of the ducts and laying of cables, was carried out in the night, to minimally affect the traffic in the day time,\" the official said adding that by Wednesday, nearly 75% of the connections would have been restored as the teams were to go out full steam on Tuesday night t. The areas affected include General Vaidya Nagar, Manekshaw Nagar, Patil Nagar and other pockets around Dwarka, the official added.A BSNL official further said the entire work was estimated to cost around Rs 18 lakh and bills regarding the same were raised with the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).\"It is the work of NHAI which has affected the ducts of the BSNL that are already in place. The company has spent money from its pocket to realign the cables now. We have issued a letter to the NHAI demanding the money,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592788", "title": "Cabbies to strike if no fare hike by Sept 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxi drivers have threatened to agitate and even go off the roads if the fares are not increased by September 1.At a meeting held on Tuesday, members of Mumbai Taximen's Union have decided to agitate if the government fails to implement the new fare hike formula recommended by the one-member Hakim committee.Union leader A L Quadros said: \"It has been more than three-and-a-half months since the committee recommended the formula. It is not clear why the transport ministry is delaying its decision.\" He said the government should publish the panel report and discuss it with stakeholders, which include taxi and auto unions.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said, \"It is a 150-page report. It will take time to arrive at a decision. Unions should be patient.\"However, Mumbai Grahak Panchayat's Shirish Deshpande said, \"If service quality is below standards, there should no hike.\"The government is not worried of the union's threat as it can prosecute those going on a strike under the amended Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act. \"We are not afraid of MESMA. The government can arrest us, but they cannot suppress our right to protest,\" said Quadros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594133", "title": "HC denies Gudlar bail in drugs case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday rejected the bail application of suspended police sub-inspector Sunil Gudlar, arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigating the alleged police-drug mafia nexus.Justice F M Reis passed the order after hearing the application moved by Gudlar challeging a lower court's order rejecting his bail application. He had been arrested by the CBI for violations under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act and Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly filing a fake complaint against David Dirham alias Dudu, under the NDPS Act.On April 7, the NDPS court had rejected the bail application filed by Gudlar by holding that the applicant was not entitled to be released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15594994", "title": "Brace for two-day bank strike, ATMs to be shut too", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to protest against the proposed reforms in the banking sector and outsourcing of jobs, the employees of all banks have planned to go on a two-day nationwide strike starting Wednesday. Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) of all public and private sector banks too will remain closed as the security guards of the ATMs belong to the unions participating in the strike.All banking services across the city are likely to be crippled as the entire banking industry employees will go on a two-day nationwide strike on August 22 - August 23 to protest against the proposed reforms in the banking sector and outsourcing of jobs. Automated Trailer Machines (ATMs) of the public sector and private sector banks too will be closed as the security guards of the ATMs belong to the unions participating in the strike.\"The United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) - an umbrella organization of five employee unions and four officer unions of state-run banks in the country - decided to go ahead with the two-day strike as reconciliation talks with the called by chief labour commission in the morning have failed to yield fruit,\" said Gautam Bose, general secretary of the UFBU, West Bengal unit.\"The meeting was held today in the morning, but did not prove fruitful. As a consequence, around 10 lakh employees would join the strike. It will inconvenience the cause a lot of hassle to ordinary people, but we have to do this to make sure our concern reaches the authoritiesstarting Wednesday,\" said Bose.While 10 thousand banks in the state will remain shut for two consecutive days, around 80 thousand bank branches will be closed all across the country. \"Around 10 thousand branches will be shut in the state. It would cause a lot of hassle to ordinary people but we have to do this to make sure our concern reaches to the authorities,\" he added. A total of around 80 thousand bank branches will be closed all across the country.UFBU is against the proposed banking sector reforms and unilateral implementation of the Khandelwal committee report. Among other things, they will protest the government's move to amend the banking laws bill that has been presently placed before the parliament and scheduled for discussions on August 23 and August 24.\"The passage of the bill will be a giant step towards de-nationalization of the PSU banks that have played a pivotal role in the growth of India's economy. Our second most important demand is that outsourcing of jobs being performed by bank officers and workmen must be stopped,\" added Bose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15594418", "title": "Sell alcohol only after 5pm, says HC", "text": "KOCHI: Questioning the state government's commitment to reducing alcohol consumption, the Kerala high court suggested on Tuesday that sale of liquor should be allowed only after 5pm.A division bench of justices C N Ramachandran Nair and C K Abdul Rehim was considering an appeal filed by the government against a single bench's order quashing different timings imposed on operation of bar-restaurants in corporation and municipal areas.Workers and drivers consume liquor throughout the day, while those who consume liquor for enjoyment drink only in the evening. The court felt that the government should focus on deterring the addicts. While considering a petition by Kollam-based Xavier's Residency, a single bench of the court had declared as unconstitutional the government's amendment to Foreign Liquor Rules that allowed bar-restaurants operating in corporation areas to remain open until midnight.By amending rule 28 (1), the government had stipulated that bar-restaurants in corporation areas should operate from 9am to 12pm while those in municipal and panchayat areas can remain open from 8am to 11pm only. Having decided that liquor can be sold, the state is bound to deal with all vendors in compliance with Article 14 without any discrimination, the single bench had ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15593487", "title": "Mumbai constable greets Raj Thackeray with rose, faces action", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I know the department will take strong action against me for my appreciation of MNS leader Raj Thackeray's reaction on policemen. After last Saturday's violence in which policemen were manhandled and beaten up by the furious mob, no political leader gave any moral support or uttered a word on policemen. I am happy by the way Raj saheb showed moral support. I know action will be initiated against me for talking like that, but I don't care,'' constable Pramod Tawde said after he greeted Thackeray with a yellow rose.On Tuesday, after Thackeray finished his 20-minute speech, an emotional Tawde, attached to the wireless section of Mumbai police, went on stage and greeted him with a rose, thanking him for his moral support to policemen. Thackeray spoke to Tawde for a few seconds.Soon after, the Azad Maidan police detained Tawde and recorded his statement. \"We are probing if he was assigned the Azad Maidan duty, if his action was stage-managed and even whether he is mentally fit,'' said a senior officer on condition of anonymity.Sources said Tawde had come to Azad Maidan without any prior permission. According to his duty, he should have been at his wireless office at Worli. A departmental inquiry has been initiated. If found guilty, under service rules, he could face strict action.Police are also verifying his call records to check if he was in touch with MNS activists. While Patnaik refused to react to Tawde's statement, senior police officers hinted Tawde was not mentally sound. \"He was under treatment for some mental ailment at KEM hospital. We have called for his papers,'' said an officer. Police are also questioning his senior officers to find out why they didn't stop him from going on stage.Interestingly, Tawde had earlier alleged that on August 13, 2010, CISF men assaulted him in the traffic department in Colaba. Tawde alleged the matter was \"hushed up\" at the behest of the Union home minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15594185", "title": "Assam Police failed to act: Internal note", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: A confidential and extraordinarily honest appraisal by the Assam police in a document meant for internal circulation, a copy of which is with the TOI, says, among other things, that junior police officers were unable and unwilling to take action when required, the seniors, too, were loath to take responsibility for the lapses.The secret paper, called \"Brief on communal clash', and with the insignia of the Assam police on its opening page, says in a section titled 'Learning from the incident' that there was \"reluctance of cutting edge (meaning cops at the junior level closest to the ground) in taking firm and decisive action\".It says there was \"fear of cutting edge to take prompt action\". This is something that happens often during communal clashes when cops, for fear of political reprisal, allow the situation to deteriorate so much that any action taken thereafter seems late.The report makes a case for deployment of more police personnel and says a large part of the problem lies in the pathetic manpower at their disposal. In Kokrajhar, it says it needs 4 new police stations and 5 additional outposts. There is also a plea for 40 prefabricated barracks for \"platoon strength\" and 10 for \"company strength\".It says it needs 8 deputy SPs, 75 sub-inspectors, 150 male and 50 female constables. The police-population ratio stands at a measly 79 per lakh. They also want 120 light motor vehicles, 75 medium and 15 heavy motor vehicles, and 100 motorbikes to cover an area that is 2,700 sq km of both plains and hills.The report gives a demographic break-up that shows Bodos at 3.10 lakh (30%) and Muslims at 2.36 lakh (25.15%): something the tribals have been repeatedly pointing out as a cause for worry and evidence that illegal migration from Bangladesh into Bodo areas are happening unabated.Deputy chief of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) Kampa Borgoyari mentions how in the last census the Muslim population, of largely Bengali-speaking people, stood at 15%. But this is so sensitive and can have such political repercussions that the Assam government steadfastly chooses to maintain silence over it, refusing to go into any details.Of the nearly 10.50 lakh people in the district, the Rajbonshis account for 1.65 lakh, the adivasis 1.86 lakh and others, mainly Nepalis and Bengalis, another 1.33 lakh, making a deadly cauldron of conflicting interests and a present marred by a tumultuous, dark history. Since 1993 alone there have been 7 major communal clashes in Kokrajhar involving adivasis, Bodos, Muslims and others. While 61 were killed in '93, according to police records, it was 113 in '94, 198 in '96, 186 in '98, and close to 80 now.It is also not just a fight for land that is at the heart of repeated skirmishes and unrelenting unease in these parts. The BTAD (Bodoland Territorial Area Districts), also called BTC, was formed on February 10, 2003 after years of bloody struggle launched by the Bodos for a separate homeland. But now, the police report says, there is \"acute feeling among non-Bodos that their socio-economic-political issues are not being addressed properly\". And that there is a \"feeling of apathy by the present BTC leadership towards the non-Bodo populace\".Of course, there is also continued tension among the various communities regarding encroachment of forest land - 71,988 hectares by the police's reckoning - but what is of the greatest concern to the administration here is the growing and strident involvement of outfits like the All Bodoland Minority Student Union and the Assam Minority Students Union in agitational politics in BTC areas. As a home ministry report says, some extremist groups are already looking to fish in troubled waters. That for a region which has just come out of a debilitating and years-long fight for identity and space is not good news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593113", "title": "PM to check refusal of government sanction to probe top babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: The prime minister will personally see every government decision to refuse permission for probe against an officer of the rank of joint secretary and above.The decision to involve the PM to oversee a veto of CBI request for probe against top officers appears an attempt to neutralize allegations that the cover of government sanction was being misused.Section 6A of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act makes it mandatory for CBI to seek permission of the central government to inquire against a joint secretary or above-ranked officer.The governments have faced allegations that the provision was being misused to protect corrupt officers, by either delaying or taking unjustified decisions.The group of ministers on corruption refused to scrap Section 6A, saying it was required to protect officers from victimization over bonafide decisions, but took steps to make the system transparent in deciding the CBI requests for probe.The government has put a deadline of three months for competent authorities to decide every request. Also, authorities will have to give a \"speaking order\" to justify why it was agreeing or disagreeing with a request.The mandatory spelling out of reasons, it is felt, will cut down chances of motivated decisions to protect or victimize an officer.However, the refusal to let an officer be probed for corruption would be put through stricter scrutiny. The Department of Personnel and Training decided \"in the event a decision is taken to refuse permission, the reasons shall also be put up to the next higher authority, the prime minister, for information within one week of taking the decision\".The move to keep the PM in the know is significant. Government sources said the PM could no longer be a spectator in cases where sanction was refused to probe a senior officer - he will have to intervene if he disagreed with the reasoning given in a particular case since it could expose him to later day criticism.Sources said sanctions under Section 6A were till now dealt at the level of ministries with intimation to the personnel department.The cover of Section 6A is aimed at protecting officers at the cutting edge of decision-making from frivolous allegations. It is argued that no officer should fear victimization, else it would impede decision-making and result in policy paralysis.But the protective cover has been misused, since there was lack of accountability in the way requests for CBI probes were being decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593594", "title": "CAG: Loss figure not sacrosanct, we are open to debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The estimate of Rs 1.86 lakh crore mentioned in the CAG report on Coalgate as \"windfall gains\" to private players who bagged coal mines allocated by the government without bidding is not sacrosanct, according to senior sources in the auditing agency.\"We have never claimed that our estimate is not open to debate,\" sources said, adding that even the expression \"windfall gains\" was not that of the auditor. \"We have only quoted the then coal secretary saying so,\" they said.The clarification is important as it comes in the backdrop of Congress criticism that the auditor reveled in exaggerating estimates of presumptive loss by adding zeros, and that it had overstepped its mandate to question government's prerogative to frame policies.Rebutting the charge, CAG sources said that its report on Coalgate, even the one on 2G spectrum, was focused on government's failure to implement policies that it had formulated. \"Putting a figure on the presumptive gains does help highlight irregularities during implementation of government policies but our estimates can be debated. We have never said that they are above scrutiny. But what should not be missed is the concern we have raised on serious acts of commission,\" they argued. \"If we had not put a figure on the windfall gains, no one would have taken notice of the report and the issues we had highlighted,\" they further said.Rejecting the charge of minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy that CAG had exceeded its mandate and was meddling in policy matters, the sources said, \"Tell us one instance where we have transgressed our limits. It should be remembered that we are entitled to do performance audit -- an obligation which involves an audit of economy, efficiency and effectiveness in the receipt and application of public funds. We have always taken care of not questioning government policies, we only evaluate implementation of these policies and comment on acts of commission.\"Speaking to TOI on a day when both Houses of Parliament were rocked by opposition's protests over CAG's reports on Coalgate, sources expressed surprise over Congress's angry reaction. \"It is very clear that government ignored the 2004 recommendation of the coal secretary as well as the advice of the law ministry to go in for competitive bidding. We think that a better way of dealing with the issue was to own up to the failure, promise to hold auctions from now on and to review the allocations which have gone to people pursuing businesses not even remotely connected to either mining or user industries,\" they said.Considering that only a few of the allotted mines have been operationalized, a review would have been an easy way out, sources pointed out, adding that findings of the auditor on the allotment of a third mine to Reliance Power Limited and the concessions given to the promoters of Delhi International Airport Limited were far more serious in nature. \"Opposition has cottoned on to coal allocation because the prime minister, by sheer coincidence, happened to be in charge of the coal ministry when some of the allocations were done,\" sources said.They also pointed out that the three reports were simultaneously released on purpose and with the objective to magnify their impact as \"trident\" aimed against the government. \"We submitted reports on May 11 itself, and it is the government which decided to bunch them,\" the sources said.Reacting to the perception that CAG, with its refusal to factor in even honest mistakes, has become a deterrent for decision-making, sources said the auditor makes allowance for errors of judgment. \"We don' focus on acts of omission, and go after only serious acts of commission. In fact, we have sensitized our officers to the pressures facing those required to take quick decisions.\"The official pointed out how in the US, the Congress had changed the official auditor's name from the General Accounting Office to the Government Accountability Office (GAO) in 2004, admitting that the role of the auditor exceeded its mandate of investigating government accounts to ensuring accountability in the system.Like in the US where the GAO is a watchdog of the Congress, the Comptroller General of India works for Parliament and is mandated to investigate each rupee of the taxpayers' money spent by the central government. Unlike in India, the head of GAO is appointed for a 15-year term by the President from a panel of names suggested by the Congress.Times ViewThe CAG's reports have flagged some very serious issues indeed. The opposition parties have a right to demand that the government provide some answers to the questions raised. However, this is best achieved by letting Parliament function and then putting the government on the mat. Ensuring that it does not function serves no purpose. On the contrary, it means that public money being spent on Parliament is getting wasted while political parties indulge in grandstanding instead of doing their duty towards those whom they claim to represent. What we need is less posturing and more serious probing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15595454", "title": "Rain catchers at work", "text": "Fearing a drop in water release from other states due to a deficient southwest monsoon this year, Corporation of Chennai has issued an advisory to residents of all localities in the city, asking them to clean their rainwater harvesting systems and pits ahead of the northeast monsoon.Corporation officials said they wanted to avert a severe drought-like situation like in 2003 and 2004, when groundwater levels plumbed to a dangerous low. The civic body said well maintained rainwater harvesting systems would help efficient percolation of water and keep the city's water table at safe levels.As part of efforts to help Metrowater recharge Chennai's groundwater and promote chief minister J Jayalalithaa's landmark scheme, introduced in 2003, the civic body is pulling no punches in its efforts to promote rain harvesting. Just a month ago the corporation announced that 2,500 rain harvesting pits would be sunk along thoroughfares and interior roads in the city.The pits, with filter chambers, will be built next to stormwater drain inlets. \"The filter chamber will contain several layers of gravel through which rainwater will seep into the pits,\" a corporation official said. \"This will ensure that the water is clean. The water will then be directed through 14-foot-long pipes to where the soil strata ends.\" He said in the extended areas of the city, water may be found at a depth of just 3 metres, but in the city water is only found at depths of 4 metres or more. The civic body has also instructed building assessors to ensure that every newly-constructed house, apartment complex or office space has rainwater harvesting systems. \"It is compulsory for every building to have a rainwater harvesting system for it to get plan approval,\" corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said. \"Our assessors will be very strict.\" After ainwater harvesting was made compulsory in 2003, the quantity and quality of the city's groundwater improved. The city faced severe water crises in 2003 and 2004. \"The borewells went dry because groundwater levels had dropped steeply.Water in the reservoirs were also dangerously low,\" a former Metrowater official said. But water levels have improved significantly in recent times. \"In 2004, you would have to dig up to 6.3 metres in sandy areas to find water, 6.55 metres in clay areas and 6.9 metres in hard rock,\" the former official said. \"Most borewells went dry.\" The most recent assessment of the water table by Metrowater officials revealed that water levels have increased by more than 1 metre . \"The water table is assessed every month. Water may now be found at 4.35 metres in sandy areas, at 4.2 metres in clay areas and 5.05 metres in hard rock,\" a Metrowater official said. The quality of the water has also improved, say sources.Water from clay areas are the clearest with particulate matter of 700 to 1,100 ppm (parts per million). \"Anything under 900 to 1,300 ppm is permissible. In a few areas in the city water is very clear, with particulate matter of only as 400 ppm,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15595216", "title": "Taliban dare Pakistan army over raids in North Waziristan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistani Taliban has warned that it would use a team of bombers to target troops if an operation is launched against militants in the restive North Waziristan tribal region bordering Afghanistan.In a statement emailed to the media, Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan said his organization had learnt that the Pakistan army had drawn up plans for an operation in North Waziristan Agency in the near future. The Taliban are prepared to mount a fitting response to any operations, Ihsan said on Monday.\"TTP has also prepared itself for resistance, we have set up a suicide bombers squad to welcome the army. We will defeat our enemy, who is defending the un-Islamic system of Pakistan by (hitting) them back hard,\" Ihsan said.Ihsan further claimed that his group had received an \"exclusive\" intelligence report about the operation in North Waziristan from \"sources\" in the army headquarters. He gave details of the regiments and units and that would participate in the campaign, which he said would be launched on August 26 and would last one month.There was no official word on the Taliban's claims.The US has been pushing Pakistan to act against Taliban and al-Qaida elements in North Waziristan for a long time. Defence secretary Leon Panetta recently claimed Pakistan was preparing an operation against the Taliban in North Waziristan. However, Pakistan army chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani said that his forces will undertake an operation in North Waziristan \"at a timeframe of our choosing and determined only by our political and military requirements\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594267", "title": "Corporation speeds up work to begin mono rail project", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore is finally on its way to joining the league of growing urban metropolises in the country with its own urban mass transit, expected to be a monorail network in the city. The state government had announced that the monorail network will be introduced in the city soon after it came to power last year. The Union Urban development Ministry has already included Coimbatore as one of the tier two cities in eligible for mass public transport systems like metro rail. With the growing number of vehicles on city roads, implementing a mass transport corridor has become essential.\"We should not waste any more time on the monorail project. The city is facing massive traffic congestion and an effective alternative mode of transport like monorail has to be introduced in the city. Apart from reducing the vehicular congestion, it will also help reduce pollution levels,\" said RR Balasundharam, President, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore.City Mayor SM Velusamy and Corporation Commissioner TK Ponnusamy were subject to a presentation on the need for a mass public transport system in the city. A comparative study was also shown in which Coimbatore was compared with other tier II cities like Kochi which have already made headway in implementing proposals for Metro rail and Monorail respectively. The presentation was conducted based on the Kozhikode Monorail proposal which is to be inaugurated on September 15, 2012. It was prepared by Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC).\"The presentation was an attempt to get the government to speed up the process without any further delay. Such projects will take a long time to implement,\" said R Raveendran, Secretary, RAAC.Three separate monorail networks were suggested, two circular routes, in the northern and southern parts of the city and a dual linear line connecting the Eastern and Western parts. The northern route was designed from Gandhipuram via Ganapathy, Sivananda Colony, Saibaba Colony, Rs Puram, Town Hall, Railway Station and Gandhipuram. The southern route suggested was from Podanur via Trichy Road, Sungam, red Fields, Race Course, Railway Station, Ukkadam and finally looping through Podanur. A linear line was also proposed from Chinniampalayam, Airport, CODISSIA, PSG tech, Lakshmi Mill Junction, Gandhipuram, North Coimbatore, Cowley Brown Road and Tamil Nadu Agricultural University.\"We have to conduct a detailed study based on which the routes and other requirements for implementing the project were decided. We have to consider several aspects including infrastructure and land requirements,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The city municipal corporation had earlier conducted a feasibility study to implement Bus Rapid Transport System through Wilbur Smith Associates a few years ago. They had proposed to implement the BRTS corridor starting from Avinashi Road and ending at Mettupalayam Road. The total extent of the corridor was to be about 17.6km out of which 6.87 km was to be an elevated pathway with three elevated bus stops and 14 bus stops on the ground level. But the project never materialised due to lack of space to accommodate the infrastructure requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594466", "title": "IAF chief in Brazil to promote defence ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: IAF chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne left for a four-day visit to Brazil to bolster bilateral defence cooperation even as the first of the three Emb-145 jets ordered for $210 million is slated to touch down in India on Wednesday.India is acquiring the three jets from Brazilian firm Embraer for its mini-AWACS (airborne warning and control systems) project, under which indigenous AEW&C; systems developed by DRDO will be mounted on the aircraft.ACM Browne will hold talks with Brazilian defence minister Celso Amorin, air chief Juniti Saito and army chief General Enzo Martins Peri, apart from visiting some defence establishments like the airbase at Annapolis and the air force academy at Pirassununga, Sao Paulo.India and Brazil aim to build upon their existing bilateral defence cooperation agreement to explore co-development and co-production in aeronautics, ship-building and sub-systems such as software, avionics and ordnance. India, Brazil and South Africa are also slated to conduct their trilateral IBSAMAR naval war games next month.As reported by TOI earlier, DRDO's ongoing mini-AWACS project is running behind schedule after being approved by the Cabinet Committee on Security in October 2004 at a cost of Rs 1,800 crore. The project completion date is now April 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15594851", "title": "\u2018Economic viability of STP\u2019s should be ensured before establishment\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The suitability and economic viability of new Sewage Treatment Plants should be ensured before their establishment, and for economic saving, old and existing STPs should be upgraded/modified in light of their past drawbacks and recent advances in Wastewater Treatment Technologies.Delivering a lecture on 'sustainable development of Ganga' at the UGC Academic Staff College, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on Tuesday, Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmental scientist and expert member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), said that the land use patterns, fertility level of land and upstream/downstream locations for new STPs should be examined so that no STP could be constructed on highly fertile lands.He said that probabilities of Community Treatment Plants and recycling of the wastewater should be explored for economically feasible solutions. Accurate quantity and quality of waste water (sewage, industrial effluents and laboratory chemicals) generated in major cities like Haridwar, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Patna should be assessed for long term environmental planning. Small scale and cottage industries (including motor workshops and garbage disposal) located in vicinity of the cities should be identified and suitable treatment plants should be suggested.According to him, proper quantification and quality examination of solid wastes generated in each zone of the city should be assessed for their recycling and other utilization. Electric crematorium on respective cremation grounds, incineration plants for cattle and separate washing ghats at downstream should be established. Unauthorized constructions near the banks and its catchment areas should be stopped immediately to maintain the natural flow. Local technical expert committees should be formed to monitor and assess the working of ongoing projects. Besides, involvement of Ganga users in various projects should be ensured and non consumptive activities (fishery, aquaculture, navigation) of Ganga water should be encouraged.Tripathi further said that higher dilution zones of the river Ganga should be examined and preferred as disposal sites. Mass awareness programmes through documentaries, street play, literature and public lectures should be organized at school level. Development and adoption of micro level irrigational techniques should be adopted to save the huge loss of Ganga water through flood irrigation practices. Rain water harvesting, its storage, multiple uses at micro community level and Ground Water Recharging practices should be encouraged to maintain the ground water status and save the Ganga water. Green belt of resilient and ecologically adaptable plant species on both banks of river should be developed. This would act as kidney in filtering the non point pollutants and also check the soil erosion, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594084", "title": "Commission anti-secular: Hindu Janjagruti Samiti", "text": "PANAJI: The Hindu Janjagruti Samiti (HJS) has opposed the state government's move to set up a minorities' commission for the state. \"The Goa government decision to form Goa minority commission in Goa is anti-secular,\" stated Manoj Solanki, Goa convener, Hindu Janjagruti Samiti, in a press statement. Solanki further said that Goans are law-abiding and peace-loving persons and always devoted to their Motherland.\"No communal violence has taken place in the recent years in state of Goa. No major complaint has been lodged by any minority communities or groups stating that minorities are communally targeted in state of Goa,\" Solanki said. \"No alarming situation has occurred in Goa against the minorities for which a special commission must be formed,\" he added.\"Also, there is a strong judicial system and powerful home department to deal with injustice if so happens with anybody. Why then is the government thinking that minorities will not be able to get justice in the present system,\" he questioned. \"It is a blind belief that passing of an Act would eradicate the problem of minorities, if any, in Goa,\" Solanki stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15594070", "title": "Activist seeks central malaria evaluation team", "text": "MANGALORE: Social activist P V Mohan has urged Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to send an evaluation and study team of malaria research experts to study malaria cases in Mangalore, extend remedial measure and find out lapses in dealing with malaria. \"Mangalore should be included under urban malaria scheme,\" he said adding so far 131 towns in 19 states and Union Territories come under the scheme which covers 115.1 million populations.Noting that Mangalore has not been included in this scheme, Mohan told reporter here that steps should be taken to establish a technical nodal office of National Vector Borne Diseases Control Programme (NVBDCP) with a nodal officer along with technical experts in the area of public health, entomology, toxicology and parasitological expressions of malaria. The nodal officer should be made responsible for monitoring malaria-eradicating programmeMohan said unhealthy conditions in Mangalore are giving rise to malaria cases and the Union health ministry should intervene for the amelioration of suffering of people of the city, especially the poor.\"As per several studies conducted by different agencies, Mangalore has the highest number of malaria cases among the urban centres in the country. In recent times, three malaria deaths were registered in the district,\" he added.Contending that Mangalore is a place where not much relief measures are taken, he said though nearly 500 to 600 malaria cases are annually detected, only 2 to 3 per cent are being reported.\"This under-reporting of malaria infections and deaths is out of fear of recrimination or reprisal. Residents seem to think malaria has been eradicated or, at worst, is confined to small areas where migrated people lives. In fact, it is growing stronger and stronger,\" added.\"Malaria is a disease, which is controllable, and several states in the country have taken adequate measures to eradicate it. However, Karnataka has not done much in this regard even though funds were made available by the Union government,\" he said.Alleging that civic authorities and people's representatives are not serious about it, he said malaria has become \"one of the most significant health and security challenges in the region and the ministry should intervene\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15593315", "title": "Lohardaga sadar hospital employees stage dharna", "text": "Lohardaga: Sadar hospital staff in Lohardaga staged a daylong dharna in Lohardaga on Tuesday in protest against deputy superintendent of the hospital Fakir Chandra Hembram who had reportedly beaten a fourth grade staff Ravi Mukhi on August 12.Third and fourth-grade staff, clerks, supervisors and nurses , all under the banner of Medical Jharkhand Health and Public Health Employees Association supported by Jharkhand state non-gazetted employees federation, took out a protest rally and later staged the dharna outside the chief medical officer's office at the hospital premises. \"The DS must ask for an apology and be transferred from here, Mukhi's pending salary for six months must be paid soon,\" said Chandrabhusahan Prasad, president of the Association.Mukhi said he was slapped by the DS when he stopped his wife from assisting him on duty. \"I am a daily wager and work as a sweeper in the sadar hospital but have not been paid for six months. I have been asking the DS for my wages. Only this must be the reason of his annoyance,\" he said. Federation secretary Mahesh Kumar Singh said employees will continue with the agitation till Mukhi gets justice.Meanwhile the CMO Raj Kumar Bake said he was ignorant of any such incident in the hospital as no one complained to him. 'I will be able to speak on the issue only after talking to both the parties, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15598143", "title": "Infosys CFO V Balakrishnan: Rating the CEO quotient", "text": "BANGALORE: A wall cabinet that runs along the length of the spacious second floor office occupied by Infosys chief financial officer V Balakrishnan is decorated almost entirely with awards and certificates.Among them is a prized possession: a framed newspaper clipping announcing the collapse in 2008 of US investment bank Bear Sterns. Pasted at the bottom is a caption 'Bala, The Nostradamus', a tribute by Bank of America executives who were told by the Infosys CFO in a casual conversation months before that Bear Stearns' demise was imminent and inevitable.For Balakrishnan, 48, knowing Bear Stearns' fate was a no-brainer. The US property bubble, built on hopes of ever-rising value of home prices, had expanded to its limit. And Bear Stearns was heavily loaded with mortgages that people could no longer afford.\"I read a lot, try to connect the dots, and come to a conclusion,\" is the matter-of-fact explanation from Balakrishnan. Bala, as he is better known, is in many ways the true inheritor of the zeal of founder NR Narayana Murthy in guarding Infosys' guiding beacons of superior quality growth and a conservative risk appetite.These two core values made Infosys a bellwether for the IT services sector for three decades, although they are now under scrutiny in the light of changed market realities.It has been a long journey for Bala, from a rookie chartered accountant with a couple of years of experience at Lipton and Amco Batteries to being chief financial officer with veto power on most decisions at a $7-billion company with a money purse of $4 billion. In fact, he is a strong contender for the post of chief executive when SD Shibulal vacates it in 2014.Immense Responsibility on Balakrishnan to Increase Profitability at InfosysOn Tuesday, when the Infosys share price climbed after a US court dismissed harassment charges filed by an American employee, Bala and other members of the top brass had reason to cheer after a long time.For over a year now, Infosys has been consistently falling behind peers in growth, its stock has been punished by investors, and rivals have overtaken it in both market value and quarterly revenues.Infosys, which had set industry benchmarks for giving growth guidance, has now stopped quarterly revenue forecasts, blaming it on its inability to gauge near-term growth. Unlike most of its peers, Infosys did not give out wage hikes this year, fuelling employee dissatisfaction.As Bala gets set to complete, on September 2, his 21st year at the Bangalore-headquartered IT giant, the scenario has perhaps never been as grim. Infosys has doubtlessly scaled up from a small, relatively little-known software services firm whom Bala's mother advised against joining; but with growth have come challenges of sustaining it without eroding margins. And for Bala \u2014 who enjoys veto power on decisions on pricing, large contracts and acquisitions \u2014 with power comes responsibility.Investors are pressing for a major transformation in the business model of the country's second-largest software exporter in the hope that it can get back on the high-growth path. And the task of persuading these investors that Infosys is on the right path squarely rests on the shoulders of Bala, Infosys' visible face to media and equity analysts.Bala, for his part, shows little sign of being hassled; he is, like always, on top of his numbers \u2014 not surprising for somebody who habitually \"scored centum in math\" while at school.Banking on the logic of numbers and intuition, Bala once convinced the Infosys board to adopt a short-term currency hedging strategy, when everybody else seemed to favour a long-term, large exposure.\"Today, not only have his recommended strategies held us in good stead but he is also sought after by analysts and industry leaders for his inputs on managing foreign exchange in a volatile currency market ,\" says chief executive Shibulal, who describes his CFO as \"an astute professional who is very direct, hands-on and incisive.\" As Infosys attempts to retool itself for the long term with a focus on consulting-led sales, software products and intellectual property-driven revenue streams, in sharp focus is Bala's instinct to fiercely protect profit margins.\"As long as you have 25% net margins and decent growth, people will come and talk to you. The day you lose that, nobody will come,\" Bala recalls the advice his mentor Murthy gave him in 1995 or so. For Bala, Murthy's advice is like a divine edict, one that he adheres to religiously.The way he sees it, to be able to build a better company, you need to have better margins, which helps you pay your employees better, and which in turn results in value creation for shareholders. He does not appear convinced by the investor chorus that flexibility in margins in the short term may be necessary to maintain better-than-industry margins in the long term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15594701", "title": "Govt to consider expansion of NCR boundary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government will consider inclusion of Mahendragarh, Bhiwani, Mathura and Bharatpur in the National Capital Region (NCR) following demands put forth by Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Rajasthan governments to the NCR Planning Board.In a written reply to Lok Sabha on Tuesday, minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy stated that these demands will be examined by a study group constituted for review and revision of regional plan-2021 for NCR. \"The matter will be considered by the Board after the examination by the study group,\" the minister replied.Three MPs had asked the UD ministry whether there are any laid down norms for extension of the NCR. Roy explained that while there is no such norm, the study group on policy zone, demographic profile and settlement pattern constituted by NCRPB had recommended not to extend the region at least upto 2021. The study group had reasoned that the existing NCR \"has not developed as envisaged and any extension will amount to spreading of scarce financial resources thinly.\"However, after fresh requests came from three constituent states of NCR, the Board has asked them to submit their views and comments.Roy mentioned that the study group had recommended NCR boundary should coincide with the district boundary of Alwar. NCRPB officials said this recommendation was accepted by the Board and entire 7,829 sq km of Alwar was included in the region. Earlier only 4,493 km of Alwar was part of NCR.States have been lobbying for inclusion of more areas in the NCR since they can get additional fund from the Board for development activities. The Board also provides soft loan for infrastructure development in districts falling under NCR.At present, the Haryana sub-region consists of nine districts \u2014 Faridabad, Gurgaon, Mewat, Rohtak, Sonepat, Rewari, Jhajjhar, Panipat and Palwal, while Uttar Pradesh sub-region has five districts \u2014 Meerut, Ghaziabad, Gautam Budha Nagar, Bulandshahr and Baghpat. The Rajasthan sub-region only comprises Alwar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15594638", "title": "School authorities fail to turn up for joint meeting", "text": "NASHIK: The authorities of Rasbihari International School (RIS) failed to turn up for the joint meeting of parents, volunteers of Forum Against Commercialization of Education (FACE) and NMC's education officer on Tuesday.Following complaints by parents of the students of RIS on August 14 that their wards were not permitted to use the bus facility on August 13 and other past complaints, education officer Nitin Upasani had communicated in writing to the school that their authorities be present for a joint meeting at 4pm on Tuesday.The RIS that had reportedly hiked the fees by 63% this academic year without the education department's permission, had prevented the children who had not paid the fees from using the schoolbus facility last week. This had prompted the parents to approach the Panchvati police. Besides, at the open house on Saturday, these students were not handed over their marksheets. Upasani issued a letter to the school authorities that they submit the proposal for fee hike along with all the necessary documents by August 28 or else it will be assumed by the education department that the school is not interested in sending the proposal and this would be communicated to the deputy director of education. The notice also said if students or their parents are harassed, the deputy director would be asked to take appropriate action under the Primary Education Act, 2009.Upasani also appealed to the deputy director of education, T N Supe, that action be initiated against the school for breaking all rules.Upasani refuted the claims of the school authorities said that they had submitted an application for fee approval in November 2011 and added that the one submitted by them in March 2012 was rejected due to lack of documents. The manager of the school, Madhav Deshpande said they did not attend the meeting as it was held only to bring about solidarity between students' parents and school authorities. \"We communicated our opposition to the meeting in written,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593036", "title": "Tread on Mughal pathways soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a few months, visitors to Red Fort will be able to walk along the original pathways envisioned by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan, connecting Diwan-e-Aam with Naubat Khana.Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has almost completed the process of recreating the Mughal pathways between these two structures, alongside the forecourt of Diwan-e-Aam. Currently, visitors walk through the western gateway \u2014 Lahore Gate \u2014 leading to Chhatta Bazaar and then cross the Naubat Khana to follow the central axis into the Diwan-e-Aam. But ASI officials say the central axis is a British construction, not in keeping with the original layout of the fort.\"The British knocked down the original pathways and built a central axis cutting across the forecourt. This wasn't the actual circulation pattern. During the Mughal rule, public hearings were held in the Diwan-e-Aam for which hundreds of people would be seated in the hall. Those who approached the emperor with complaints would often spill over to the forecourt and were made to sit in order of ranking,\" said a conservationist.As per an 1850 map, the red sandstone pathways diverged into a rectangular pattern from the Naubat Khana, leading towards the Diwan-e-Aam from either side and the same passage further led into the monument. \"The original pathway was a vaulted arcade so visitors could walk in the shade. Once reset, it would give visitors easy access to the barracks built by the British,\" said an official.The recreation of the pathways is likely to be completed by the yearend, say officials, following which ASI will have a new circulation plan in place for visitors. Placards with arrows will be put up alongside the new passageways so that people know which route to follow. \"On entering, most visitors are clueless about where to head. Under the new plan, visitors will be guided along a pre-planned route which will take them through all Mughal and British period structures,\" said a senior official.Beginning their tour from Lahore Gate, people will cross Naubat Khana, Diwan-e-Aam, visit the hamam, Diwan-e-Khas, Rang Mahal, proceed to the Mumtaz Mahal museum and exit from Lahore Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15595114", "title": "Free fall as cable snaps in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The lift crash at a Whitefield technology park has left 15 injured, and eight of them will have to undergo surgeries for the multiple fractures they have suffered.The accident occurred when the lift at Warp Tower, one of three eight-storey structures, at SJR iPark in Whitefield crashed nine floors. The tower houses Unisys India and Fidelity Information Services India . Three persons who suffered minor bruises were discharged.Three of the injured \u2014 Unisys techies Sunil Kumar and Rai Nithin, and FISI techie John Jose \u2014 were sent to Hosmat in the night as their knees were ruptured. Sheshasayee, another injured, was sent to Manipal Hospital. \"Two of the injured will be operated on Wednesday, while the third will be under observation for 2-3 days,\" Hosmat vice-president Dr Ajit Benedict Royan said.Sources said the lift had been closed for maintenance earlier in the morning and was back in operation by the time employees arrived for work. \"The lift was attended to by maintenance engineers of the lift company,\" said a source.DCP (East) T S Krishna Bhat said the lift could accommodate 16 persons and there were 15 at the time of the accident . \"We'll register a case against the lift manufacturer,\" Bhat said.A Unisys spokesperson said: \"As a further precaution and to ensure employee safety, the lifts at SJR Warp Tower will remain closed till further notice and a thorough safety clearance by an independent authority is secured. As SJR is a multi-tenanted facility, we are working closely with the builders to ensure we have a detailed inspection. We'll ensure the incident is thoroughly investigated to prevent any recurrence.\"A senior SJR Group official on condition of anonymity: \"We are conducting an internal investigation . A team of annual maintenance contractors is looking into the matter. Prima facie, it seems like a case of mechanical failure due to overloading. We're extending all support and assistance to the injured and their families.\"Danger zone: Past lift mishapsMarch 8, 2011: A 62-year-old man who tried to exit a lift that had stopped between two floors due to power failure, was killed when it suddenly started moving. He was stuck between the cubicle and shaft wallFeb 12, 2011: Lift mechanic Karthik Raja, 28, from Tamil Nadu , slipped and fell three floors at Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain Hospital on Cunningham RoadOct 24, 2009: A three-year-old girl was stuck between the doors of a lift that started moving. Her father was a security guard at the JP Nagar apartmentMay 12, 2008: Devamma, 40, and Devendra, 24, died and seven were injured after a lift crashed to the lower basement at the construction site of an apartment on Bannerghatta RoadJan 14, 2008: R Rajendra, 28, and T Somashekar, 30, employees of Life Line Feeding India Ltd, were killed after the overloaded open industrial lift crashed from the first floorAug 22, 2007: 14 passengers of a lift in Garuda Mall were injured after the overloaded lift crashed to the basementMay 8, 2004: Murali, 45, was killed when he fell through a lift well from the ninth floor of VV Towers on Ambedkar Veedhi. The right leg of lift operator Harish was crushed between the moving lift and floor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15595265", "title": "Extra marks for women aspirants at Joka IIM", "text": "KOLKATA: Here is good news for women who wish to pursue management studies. If you are aiming to enter the exalted portals of the Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (IIMC), you will stand a better chance in the competition as compared to your male counterparts.IIMC is about to introduce \"reservation\" for women to make it easier for them to enter the campus which has been male dominated for long. This will come into effect from the coming academic session. Once done, IIMC will be the first among the older and bigger IIMs to tweak its admission formula.At the moment, women comprise only 10% of the entire student population on campus. \"This is extremely unhealthy because these women have to fit into a male culture. Also, the discipline and feel of the campus will improve with more women around. With 50% of the population outside the campus being female, the skewed ratio inside needed to be changed and hence this move,\" said a senior faculty member.The smaller and younger IIMs like IIM Lucknow and Kozhikode have already introduced a new formula to make entry of women easier. However, the bigger and older IIMs chose to be reticent on the matter all these years. But, IIMC has finally decided to take a call and end the age old unequal gender ratio on campus. This would need an important change in the existing selection formula. While the first stage of entry remains the national level Common Admission Test (CAT) - encompassing all IIMs - the change will be brought about in the next stage, which is the crucial shortlisting stage. The existing formula at this stage considers the CAT score and the academic performance of a candidate. The academic performance is related to the candidate's class X and XII scores. From now on, the fact that one is a woman will add a certain percentage to one's score. Men will score zero in this criterion, thus unwittingly giving a leg up to women competitors.The admissions committee of IIMC is yet to finalise the marks that will be allotted to women at this stage, but this will be done in the next three days. The new formula will then be placed before the academic and faculty council for approval. \"We are tweaking the existing formula in a manner different from the other new IIMs that have already revised it for bringing about gender diversity. While they have given benefit to the women at the interview stage - the third stage of the admissions process - we will be giving them the advantage at the second (shortlisting) stage itself. This will help us create a bigger pool of women to be interviewed,\" the faculty member added.The institute feels that the formula will enable the faculty to meet more women at the interview stage, thus increasing their chance of getting selected.Admissions chairperson of IIMC, Sanjeet Singh, admitted that the process of revising the existing formula was under way. \"We should be able to announce the changes within the next three to four day,\" he said. The institute will run the new formula for at least three years to see if the percentage of women finally making it to the classrooms goes up to 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592419", "title": "We will continue to press for PM\u2019s resignation: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Tuesday refused to step down on its demand for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation on alleged irregularities in coal block allocations. The party said it would continue to press for the PM's removal in the wake of \"regular occurrence\" of scams. The face-off, which could hold up the ongoing monsoon session of Parliament, did not seem to be bothering the main opposition, which feels it is for the government to find an escape route out of the logjam.\"In both Houses of Parliament, we demanded Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation today and we will continue to press for it as the coal allocation issue is not an isolated incident. The 2G spectrum issue, the Commonwealth Games scam, public-private partnership issue of airports and now the coal blocks,\" party's spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters here.He alleged these cases demonstrated that the UPA government was one of \"scam, shame, scandals, corruption and loot\" and that the party was leveling these charges with all responsibility.Claims by Congress of having taken action against corruption were \"absolutely hollow,\" BJP said and claimed that it was due to opposition pressure, media campaign and intervention of the judiciary that action was taken.On the coal allocation issue, BJP said PM Singh had held the coal portfolio for five years since UPA came to power in 2004 and was hence responsible for the loss of revenue of Rs 1.86 lakh crore estimated by the CAG.Indicating that BJP would continue to press for Singh's resignation in Parliament in the coming days, he said, \"If scams keep happening with such regularity, we owe it to the people to demand the prime minister's resignation,\" Prasad said. \"This whole alibi of shifting the blame on states (on coal allocation) is completely untenable and motivated,\" he added.BJP rubbished Congress's claim that the screening committee formed to look into the coal block allocations was opposed to auctions, saying the decision had to get the assent of the PM and hence he was complicit. It also argued that the screening committee just had one member representing the states and the rest were representatives of the Centre.Asked why BJP was not agreeing to a debate on the coal allocation issue, the BJP maintained it did not bear the required results as discussions had taken place in Parliament on 2G spectrum issue, alleged involvement of then finance minister P Chidambaram in Aircel-Maxis deal and the Commonwealth Games scams but nothing much was done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15593575", "title": "Man shot dead over a buffalo", "text": "NOIDA: A man was allegedly shot dead in Dadri on Monday night after an altercation occurred with his neighbour over a buffalo. Police said the deceased has been identified as Taushif and the accused Irshad has been arrested.Police said the incident took place around 10:30pm in Noorpur village. \"Taushif and Irshad are farmers with neighbouring homes. Both kept several buffaloes in their backyard. On Monday night, Taushif saw that one of Irshad's buffaloes had crossed over and was munching fodder meant for his cattle. Irshad called Taushif out and an argument ensued,\" said a senior cop.\"Irshad accused Taushif of letting his buffalo loose on purpose. The two were not on good terms as they had had arguments over petty issues in the past. During interrogation, Irshad said that Taushif had once accused him of stealing a calf. The argument soon turned ugly and Irshad pulled out his country-made pistol and shot Taushif,\" said a senior police officer.After shooting Irshad, Taushif realized the gravity of what he had done and took the victim to a private hospital, but by then the victim had died. \"Taushif's family called us and Irshad was arrested from the hospital,\" added a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15594158", "title": "Parrikar is master of U-turns: Reginaldo", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP government does not practice what it preaches and chief minister Manohar Parrikar is a \"master of U-turns\", Congress Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said on Tuesday.Lourenco said that despite Parrikar's proclamations to penalize casinos if they do not pay their license fees on time, no action has been taken against the casinos that have not paid their fees.Lourenco handed the media a press release titled 'Spineless home department vis a vis illegal casinos headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar'. The press release stated thus: \"The deadline for the payment of license fee which was earlier fixed to 14th August was later extended to 17th August. Today is the fourth day after the deadline has lapsed but the state's home department is totally powerless on taking any action. All such casinos that have not paid the new license fee are now illegal.\"Lourenco said that during the monsoon session, Parrikar, on the floor of the House, warned that no casinos would be allowed to operate and would be asked to disband their operations the very next day if they did not pay the increase in the license fee. Like in other cases, be it illegal mining, medium of instruction, Atala, etc, it seems this BJP government does not practice what it preaches, Lourenco said, adding that this is another classic U-turn by Parrikar on his much touted ideal of zero tolerance to corruption. The Curtorim MLA also said that even Parrikar's new rule to ban Goans in the casinos looks doubtful because it now appears that the BJP government has developed a soft corner for the casinos. The government may connive with casinos to upset its own rules in the court of law, Lourenco said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15598176", "title": "It\u2019s mostly thrillers that are coming my way: Roma", "text": "After starring with Mohanlal in the hit movie Grandmaster, Roma is busy with another thriller movie with yet another superstar Mammootty, Face to Face. \"It is mostly thriller movies that are coming my way and they are too good to resist. Though, I am not too sure whether I should sign yet another thriller,\" says Roma.Meanwhile, the actress is enjoying working with Mammootty for the second time. \"After Bombay March 12, I am teaming up with him for the second time in Face to Face and it is a great experience,\" says Roma.She shares that the shoot of the first schedule happened during the Ramzan fast season and Mammootty threw a grand Iftar party on the location. \"However, the sad part was that there were mostly non-veg delicacies for the feast. Since I am a vegetarian I had to make do with fruits and nuts,\" shares Roma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15594198", "title": "MLC Madhusudan asks Shettar to suspend DC", "text": "MYSORE: G Madhusudhan's standoff with DC P S Vastrad showed no sign of abating. On Tuesday the BJP MLC wrote a long letter to CM Jagadish Shettar explaining the details of the land cases and asked him to suspend Vastrad.Madhusudhan has also asked for a probe into the DC's actions and to look into land records to verify whether fake documents were created to claim ownership of the land in Kurbarhalli survey number 4 and Alanahalli survey number 41. In event of such cases, the land registration should be cancelled and the land be taken into possession, he wrote. Since Independence, the land in these two survey numbers in Kurbarhalli and Alanahalli have not been surveyed. It should be taken up now and the land which belongs to the government should be fenced, he told the chief minister in the letter, which was released to the media.The letter is marked to deputy CM K S Eshwarappa, who holds revenue portfolio, law minister Suresh Kumar , district minister S A Ramdas and chief secretary S V Ranganath. He has accused Vastrad of overstepping his authority and has alleged that it could be because of corruption and political influence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15595081", "title": "Edu baron out on bail for treatment", "text": "CHENNAI: Educationist Jeppiaar, arrested on August 9 in connection with the collapse of a stadium under construction owned by him near Sriperumbudur, was granted interim bail on Tuesday till August 30 by the Madras high court.It allowed him to get admitted to Christian Medical College (CMC) in Vellore for treatment and directed the government to file its objections against his bail by August 30. Delivering orders on the bail petition, Justice G M Akbar Ali said Jeppiar would have to submit a bond for 1 lakh with two sureties to the satisfaction of the judicial magistrate of Sriperumbudur.He added Jeppiaar should be available for inquiries and cooperate with the authorities investigating the case. The officer in-charge of Jeppiaar Institute of Technology (JIT) should deposit 2.5 lakh as ex-gratia payment in the name of the family of each deceased in the court of the judicial magistrate at Sriperumbudur and 50,000 each to the injured.Justice Ali granted anticipatory bail to Remibai, Jeppiaar's wife, in the same case. Two days after the stadium wall collapsed at JIT in Kunnam village near Sunguvachatiram and left 10 workers dead and three injured, police arrested Jeppiaar Remibai Educational Trust MD Marie Wilson, two contractors and a supervisor.Jeppiaar's bail petition was rejected by the Kancheepuram district and sessions judge on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594859", "title": "Club member had made parties his \u2018business\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not the first time that Lake Club member Sanjay Singla \u2014 in the eye of the storm over a pool party and subsequent raids \u2014 had booked one on behalf of someone else. In this case, too, Singla, who is a partner in a catering firm, did so after he was paid Rs 5,000 by the organiser. These facts have come out in the police investigation.Police said not only did Harjit Singh Kukreja, owner of an event promotion company, pay Singla to book the party, the latter also made sure he carried out catering at the party on August 19.The administrative committee, which is conducting an independent probe, has also seized records of past four months to scrutinize how many parties were held at the club and booked by whom. The committee is headed by additional deputy commissioner (ADC) Mahavir Kaushik.A senior official said, \"Singla had booked a number of parties at the Lake Club and we are checking the details of all individuals on whose behalf he did so.\" The official hinted that some members of the club could lose their membership following the probe.Kaushik, refused to take calls on his cellphone.According to sources, Kukreja maintained that he had informed Singla that the \"Island Pool Party\" was meant to promote his event management company and had also paid Singla for obtaining permission from the excise department for serving beer at the party.Apart from Kukreja's version, police have also forwarded statements of four guests, out of the 80 who attended the party, to the administration.The guests said they had not made any payment to attend the party, but had paid for the food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15591605", "title": "Yashvir Singh happy with home recognition", "text": "NEW DELHI: He may have been sidelined the moment his favourite pupil Sushil Kumar returned from Beijing Olympics with a bronze medal but it was coach Yashvir Singh's passion for wrestling that kept him going.Yashvir's hard work was finally recognized on Tuesday when his name figured in the list of Dronacharya Awardees along with Krishna Poonia's husband-cum-coach Virender Poonia (athletics), Indian hockey team's former coach Harendra Singh (hockey), Sunil Davas (women's kabaddi) and Dr Satyapal Singh (parathlete).\"Aaj meri mehnat ka fal mil gaya (My hard work has paid dividend today). I consider myself lucky. This time there was this feeling in the wrestling fraternity that I should get it,\" Yashvir, who also coached London Olympics bronze medalist Yogeshwar Dutt , told TOI on Tuesday.\"I was awarded the best coach award by world body (FILA) and today my work has been recognised at home. This award comes with a sense of responsibility. Nineteen years ago when I started training youngsters, I didn't even think of it,\" he added.Coach Yashvir has never complained. Not even when he was made to sit in the spectator's gallery to make way for Wrestling Federation of India's secretary general Raj Singh in the team corner during the London Olympics.\"I just kept working hard and with time my perspective changed. My target was not the award... wrestling has given me so much in life. I was a physical teacher in school and if not for wrestling I would have been a physical teacher. Awards motivate you and one gets a sense of recognition. And recognition of hard work gives immense satisfaction,\" he said. \"There was a time in my life when I would just stay at the Chattrasal stadium and visited home once in 3-4 months,\" he recalled.The awards will be handed out at the Rashtrapati Bhawan on August 29.Harendra happyFormer India hockey coach Harendra Singh too echoed similar views. \"I'm honoured and I think it is an added responsibility especially after our team's poor performance in London. We must produce more players who can compete at the international level,\" he said.\"I want to thank my family, Sports Authority of India (SAI), selection committee members and my friends for their support,\" the coach added.Virendra Poonia felt he should have got this reward earlier. \"My name should have come up last year itself. But I am happy that I have finally got it,\" Krishna's husband and coach said.Virender was an international hammer thrower before turning to coaching. He won a bronze in hammer throw in the Asian Junior Athletics Championships in 1992 and finished fourth in the 1998 Asian Senior Championships.\"I have coached other athletes also before Krishna Poonia . Some of my pupils have participated in the Asian, Commonwealth and Olympic Games,\" Poonia added.In addition to the six coaches, the list also includes Indian boxing team's Cuban coach BI Fernandez (boxing), Bhawani Mookherjee (table tennis) and J.S. Bhatia (athletics) who have been honoured for life-time contribution to their respective disciplines. Fernandez became the first foreign coach to have been recommended for the prestigious award.\"Mr Mookherjee, Mr Bhatia and BI Fernandez have been given Dronacharya for their life-time contribution. We didn't want to cut down on the number of Indian coaches in consideration for this award. In fact, we have increased the number from four to five and added these three persons,\" a source told TOI on Tuesday.On Dravid missing out on the Dhyan Chand award, the source said: \"Dravid wasn't eligible for the award as he has retired only recently. The rules clearly state that one has to serve the country for 20-25 years like Bhawani Mukherjee has done with the Indian TT team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15594038", "title": "Delhi agency to guide Goa's health sector", "text": "PONDA: Stating that the Goa government has appointed an agency to study the utility of existing health infrastructure in the state, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Tuesday has rejected the possibility of commissioning the Ponda infectious disease (ID) hospital within two months.Parsekar also revealed that the government is \"seriously thinking\" to offer 'sub-district hospital status' to the ID hospital.Speaking to TOI, the minister said that the state government has appointed an agency from New Delhi to study the best utility of the existing infrastructure in the health sector in Goa. The agency would suggest which infrastructure can be used where and what infrastructure should be developed for the smooth functioning of the existing government hospitals and for opening new hospitals in the state, Parsekar said.\"The agency is expected to submit its report in a month and after that, the government would begin the process for the commissioning of the hospital. It would take another two months and before that, we cannot start the hospital despite completion of the new project,\" the minister opined.Since the demolition of the old building of the hospital in 2007, Pondaites have to bear the agony of travelling all the way to Hospicio at Margao or the Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim for secondary medical care.The work of the ambitious 250-bed ID hospital was scheduled to be completed by mid 2009. The Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC), however, took about three-and-half years more to complete the structure of the project.Reshma Kuchelkar, deputy manager (civil works) of the GSIDC, who was looking after construction of the project has told TOI that the project is now ready and government can commission it as and when it deems fit.And although the project has been complete, the commissioning of the hospital has been delayed further as the health ministry awaits the New Delhi-based Dhave Agency report.Stating that the former government has purchased medical equipment and machinery and has developed infrastructure for several hospitals in the state, Parsekar said the New Delhi-based Dhave Agency would study the usage of this machinery and the infrastructure.\"As per the recommendations of the agency report, the government will finalize which hospital needs what infrastructure and the same can be made available or developed accordingly,\" he said.Revealing that most of the MLAs want hospitals in their constituencies which is impossible, Parsekar said the government is mulling on upgrading several existing hospitals to 'sub-district hospital status' by providing facilities of secondary and tertiary medical care to it.The ID Hospital at Ponda, Asilo Hospital at Mapusa, Cottage Hospital at Chicalim-Vasco, health centres at Bicholim or Valpoi and if possible, Pernem health centre may be upgraded to sub-district hospital status, he said.Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar said the health department had published an advertisement seeking applications last September, however, soon after the general assembly election was declared, the process of recruitments to the posts was halted mid-way.A source from the health department revealed that the hospital needs several expert staff including consultants, surgeons, residents, qualified nurses and paramedics including laboratory, X-Ray, electro encephalograph (EEG), electro cardiograph (ECG).The health minister also said that once the agency comes to Goa, all the necessary staff will be appointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15594315", "title": "Burglars broke open two houses in same neighbourhood", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unidentified burglars broke open into a series of houses in the same neighbourhood at Vadavalli and decamped with 20 sovereigns of gold jewels, Rs 50,000 cash, vessels and other valuables.According to police, P Balasubramanian, a resident of Periyar Nagar in Vadavalli had gone to Udumalpet along with his family during the weekend. Burglars broke open the house and decamped with 20 sovereigns of gold jewels and 250 grams of silver. The incident came to light after he returned home on Monday afternoon and found the front doors broken. In the second incident, the burglars gained entry into the house of K Sri Ram at New Thillai Nagar near Vadavalli and looted silver vessels and Rs 50,000.Police said, Sri Ram had gone to Bombay to visit his daughter. She was staying at Swami Dayananda Saraswati, Arsha Vidya Ashram in Anaikatti to learn Vedanta.The house maid found the doors of the house broken and informed the house owners and the police. On receiving information, Vadavalli police to the scene and held enquiries. The burglars had attempted to burgle in two other houses in the same neighbourhood following the same modus operandi. But no valuables were lost in the houses.Forensic experts lifted finger prints from the two crime scenes and they matched. Vadavalli police registered the case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15593435", "title": "First Delhi International Film Festival in December", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Habitat Film Festival and Osian's Film Festival, Delhi will play host to another film festival this year. On the occasion of 100 years of Indian cinema that coincides with the 100th year of the capital comes the first Delhi International Film Festival (DIFF), which will be held from Dec 21-27 at Siri Fort Auditorium and NDMC Convention Centre.The event will showcase at least 150 films from nearly 70 countries, organizers said. Director-actor Tigmanshu Dhulia, one of the festival's advisory board members, launched the event's website along with actor Shiney Ahuja, also a board member, on Tuesday.The board chairman is Dada Sahib Phalke awardee Malayalam filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan, while the other members include Anurag Kashyap, Shriram Raghavan and Yashpal Sharma. A special section on Indian cinema will have films by Gopalakrishnan, along with other sections on films by Soumitra Chatterjee, Dev Anand and Balraj Sahni.A section called NRI Cinema will also be included. \"There's a huge problem of Indian filmmakers living abroad not being able to showcase their work,\" Dhulia told TOI. The section will show 15 films by NRIs like 'A Gran Plan' by Sangeeta Nambiyar of Singapore, 'Oas' by Shiv Tiwari of New York, 'The Happy Pulse' by Jay Bajaj of Canada and 'Children of God' by Foukia Akhtar of UAE.It will also present a special award to the legendary actress Zohra Sehgal, who recently completed 100 years of her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15592095", "title": "More downpours likely in state before monsoon recedes finally: Indian Meteorological Department", "text": "JAIPUR: After good spell of rainfall for the third time this monsoon in the state, more downpours are likely to quench the desert state. According to officials of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), the state is going to have a good monsoon in its final spell that is going to last till August 31.Since the onset of monsoon on July 5, the first spell of the rains was good for the state especially in eastern and southern Rajasthan. Despite the second spell, it was dry across the state but the third spell brought widespread rainfall that lashed almost every part of the state.Satellite images and other resources available with the IMD, Delhi, suggested on Tuesday that the final spell of the monsoon may bring torrential rains in eastern and northern parts of the state while mild to moderate showers in western Rajasthan.\"The monsoon is in its final spell in Rajasthan and it is going to be better than the third and first spell that had brought moderate showers across the state. Many places in the eastern and southern Rajasthan may get torrential rains,\" an officer with IMD, Delhi, told TOI.It may be recalled that many districts, including Dholpur, Bharatpur, Pratapgarh and Banswara, have so far received above average rainfall while at least 15 districts were experiencing drought-like situation till the onset of the third spell.Meanwhile, mild to moderate showers continued in the state especially in southern and eastern parts.Jaipurities woke up to an overcast morning which was followed by drizzles. The city recorded a rainfall of 44.3 mm on Monday. However, the weather witnessed a twist in the afternoon when cloud cover disappeared from the city skies.Kothputli and Neem Ka Thana witnessed the highest rainfall of 11 cms on Monday. It was followed by Bamanvas 9 cms, Khetri 8 cms, Bassi and Chommu 5 cms.In its forecast, the met office said mild to moderate showers will continue in the eastern and southern parts of the state in the next 24 hours while weather in western Rajasthan is likely to remain dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15593212", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation to build commercial complexes at six bus stands", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) is redeveloping six bus termini located at Aurangabad, Karad, Nashik, Panvel, Akola and Ratnagiri on design, build, finance , transfer and lease (DBFTL) basis. Every bus terminus will be developed in such away that it will have bus platforms and commuter facilities such as waiting space, toilets and parking spaces at the ground floor, while commercial establishments will be accommodated on upper floors.\"Most of the MSRTC bus termini at present do not have commercial spaces and shops. The MSRTC is now introducing this concept of developing a terminus with commercial complex. Six termini are selected for redevelopment in the first phase. This is the first time that the termini are being developed on the DBFTL basis,\" said an official from the MSRTC.The MSRTC will provide its land to the private bidders who will develop the terminus. According to the MSRTC, the collective cost of all the six projects will be around Rs 200 crore. Sources in the MSRTC said that there was a plan to extend the project to other cities in later stages depending on the success of the first stage. Two such termini in the Pune - Swargate and Shivajinagar - could be included in the redevelopment project in the second phase, said sources.An official from the MSRTC said, \"The termini selected in the first phase have registered increased number of bus operations and have potential to be developed as commercial spaces. The MSRTC has finalized layout of the terminus. The developer will pay premium to the MSRTC and will bear the entire cost of construction along with development of necessary infrastructure. The developer will generate funds by marketing the commercial premises, while the developer will pay a monthly rent to the MSRTC as per the lease deed.\"An official said that during the redevelopment plan, the MSRTC has made provision for high standard amenities for passengers. These will include additional lounge waiting for passengers, entry and exit gates, parking spaces for autorickshaws and private vehicles, toilets, display boards, canteen etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15593773", "title": "HC verdict on Kahar: No danger zone for Congress", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even if the Supreme Court upholds the verdict of the high court quashing the Varkala assembly election, the ruling UDF won't be in the danger zone as the UDF has a majority of six seats in the Assembly.\"The people of Varkala had given a massive majority last time. Moreover, the high court has never said that I have made any violation of poll conduct. Hence, I am confident of a victory again,'' said Kahar.He said he would approach the SC for which the high court has given one month. Though the court had observed that Kahar could not take part in the voting or in the daily business of the House, it would not create any problem for the UDF as such in the Assembly now.But the Congress leaders are anticipating a byelection in Varkala since they are of the view that once the SC had rejected the plea of Varkala Kahar claiming that the petition against the election in the high court should not be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15592376", "title": "Theft at MP\u2019s house: 3 cops suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: This suspension order surely has set the lower rung of Delhi Police thinking. It is not often that you find policemen being pulled up for thieves stealing water taps. But then, this is Chanakyapuri and the complainant is a former coal minister and a sitting MP. In a rare move, three beat constables were suspended for negligence after a late night break-in at MP Santosh Pargodia's residence at South Block on Sunday. The cops, Samjib, Budhlal and Pradip, were posted at the Chanakyapuri police station in the New Delhi district.Police sources said Santosh was elected from Rajasthan and was a coal minister in the 1995-96 Congress government. He has a flat at South Avenue but it stays under lock and key as he generally does not stay there. One of the helps, who stays at the servants quarters, discovered the theft around 8.30am on Monday. She found several items in the house missing, including the metallic tap covers in the bathrooms, each costing Rs 15-20,000. A crime team visited the spot and a case of theft was registered. It was then that action was taken against beat officers. Though such thefts are common in Lutyens' Delhi, this is probably the first time action has been taken against erring cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15592787", "title": "Committee sets new terms for CCTV tenders", "text": "MUMBAI: A high-level committee appointed by the state to look into the controversy surrounding the installation of CCTV cameras in Mumbai has recommended starting the bidding process afresh, along with several changes to the original proposal. The fresh tender conditions would ensure a through scrutiny of the funding of the applicant and its consortiums and a clear demarcation of police, civic and cameras installed by residential societies. Disseminating the procedure, including transmitting feeds, or back-end server operations will have to be the primary responsibility of police services.Fresh tenders would mean Mumbai's wait for security cameras only gets longer. But head of the committee and Maharashtra chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia said the government is faced with choosing between hurrying up the process or ensuring a gradual and transparent process. \"We don't want to repeat the mistakes we made in the first tendering exercise since the issue concerns the security of the people. This will be a better and more transparent process now,\" said Banthia.With this there is little scope left for giving legal sanctity to the CCTV proposals being floated by local municipal corporations or those funded by MP, MLA funds. Following the recent blasts in Pune, Maharashtra deputy CM Ajit Pawar had declared that Rs 30 crore will be made available to set up CCTVs in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. The project would be jointly funded by MP, MLAs and local corporations. The new tenders will ensure back-up operations are made the police's responsibility. \"It is a skilled and technical job, with only a few firms in the world having capabilities to do a thorough job. There is no point doing it in piecemeal or as a pilot funded by different sources,\" Banthia said.The CCTV proposal has been delayed ever since the panel probing the 26/11 attacks recommended installation of security cameras in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15594919", "title": "Expectant moms told about painless delivery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A labour analgesia patient awareness programme was organized at Government Medical College and Hospital in Sector 32 on Tuesday.Labour analgesia is a technique where the baby is delivered normally without any pain using some form of regional anesthesia. The patients were made aware of different modalities of pain relief by Prof Satinder Gombar, head of department of anesthesia. Video presentation regarding epidural analgesia was shown by Dr Vanita Ahuja, department of anesthesia. Dr Navneet Takkar from the department of obstetrics and gynaecology discussed the obstetrician's point of view.Many patients and their relatives actively participated in the program and discussed the benefits and concerns regarding painless delivery. A number of beneficiaries of labour analgesia narrated their experience in this regard.At the end of this meeting, a number of expectant mothers enrolled themselves for this service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15593254", "title": "Jharkhand Academic Council to felicitate toppers, schools", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) will felicitate toppers of matriculation, intermediate and vocational courses of two years----- 2011 and 2012----- on September 6, a day before JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh calls it a day.The system of felicitation of students was introduced by Singh in 2010. Singh said, \"I introduced the system to encourage education and to encourage students to score higher marks. The felicitation programme will be organized every two years.\"This year, apart from state toppers, girl toppers and those belonging to the SC and ST category will also be felicitated. Singh said, \"We have decided to felicitate toppers in various categories to promote education among girls and SC and ST. As the government is celebrating Bitiya Varsh, we decided to felicitate girls separately.\"The first three rank holders will be given gold , silver and bronze medals and Rs 5,000, Rs 4,000 and Rs 3,000 respectively.Apart from toppers, schools which performed well will also be awarded. Singh said, \"The best school and college will be given Rs 25,000 and a certificate. If two or more schools are equally good then the number of passout students will decide which school or college to be awarded.\"The programme will be held at the JAC auditorium and students will be awarded by governor Syed Ahmed, who will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-22"}
