{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12818436", "title": "Government not honouring joint statement: Dandapani", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Dandapani Mohanty, one of the interlocutors nominated by Maoists to resolve the hostage crisis, said on Saturday the government does not seem to be committed to honouring the joint statement issued by the Maoist and state nominated mediators pertaining to the release of prisoners.\"The government lacks commitment to fulfill the demands of Maoists, particularly related to the release of prisoners,\" Mohanty said. The government had promised to facilitate the release of five persons in exchange of Bosusco Paolo, the Italian tour operator abducted by Maoists recently.\"As per their commitment, Maoists have already set the Italian free. The government, however, is yet to fulfill their demands, jointly agreed upon by the three secretaries of the government and two mediators,\" said Mohanty, citing the repeated denial of bail pleas of Arati Majhi by court.The joint statement issued on April 7 had promised to facilitate the release of five prisoners, including Arati. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had also announced the same in the state Assembly.\"I am surprised the bail petitions of Arati were rejected by lower courts thrice due to the strong opposition of the public prosecutor,\" Mohanty said.Implicated in at least eight Maoist-related cases, Arati has been languishing in jail since February 2010 after she was arrested by police from her house at Jadinga in Gajapati district. Her bail applications were rejected by Gajapati district and sessions court thrice in a week in four different cases. The last one was rejected by the court on Friday, even as her counsel Upendra Nayak strongly argued her release.Arati, who was admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here two days ago due to diarrhoea, was discharged from the hospital, however, on Saturday.Besides Arati, in the joint statement, the government had agreed to facilitate the release of Suka Nachika, Chakra Tadingi, Bijay Tadingi and Subhashree Panda. Except Subhashree, wife of top Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda, none of the others have been released. \"Subhashree was released from jail when the court acquitted her in the judiciary process. The government did not facilitate her release,\" Mohanty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818614", "title": "Their mission is on the wall", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As environment lovers across the planet are all geared up to celebrate Earth Day on April 22, city youngsters too are not lagging far behind in doing their bit for mother earth. In their bid to create awareness about environment and make the best use of waste material, some city youngsters have come up with an innovation that they call the \"Green Wall.\" Having designed two such walls with potted plants in bottles fitted on a wall with iron hinges, one in Sector 17 and another on the Chitkara University campus for marking Earth Day, this group of youngsters have become trendsetters.\"We created a 100-bottle green wall on our campus, by collecting used plastic bottles. We made openings in them and fixed them on the wall with hinges. These hinges we welded ourselves from waste iron on our college campus. The wall not just gives out a message, it looks beautiful too,\" says Abhay Mullick, who heads the NSS wing of the university.These students are all set to replicate two more such walls, one at their Rajpura campus and another at their director's residence. Rahul Gupta initiated up the idea of the green wall.His friends, Atin Ahluwalia, Tushar Chawla, Harsimrat Chahal, Manveen Sarna and Shivam Sareen, who are mostly from GGDSD College, Sector 32, have all joined hands to replicate this model across the city where students volunteer to do it in their institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12823990", "title": "San wins a gold Remi at WorldFest", "text": "San Banarje's short film, 'Samper Fi\", is inspired by a true storySan Banarje's short film has won a gold Remi award at the WorldFest Houston International Film Festival that was held between April 13 and April 22. This is the 45th anniversary of the oldest independent film festival in the world and the third largest film festival in North America.Says San, \"My recent short film, \"Semper Fi\", got the gold Remi at WorldFest Houston International Film Festival. The film is inspired by a true story of a US marine whose life ended in the hand of a civilian in his own neighborhood although he dodged death successfully in warzone. The film questions the gun law in Texas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12797421", "title": "Rakhi travels to Rajasthan to research on Bhanwari Devi", "text": "Rakhi Sawant doesn't waste time in doing things she wants to - of course, after ensuring the cameras are following her, that is.Almost as soon as she was offered the role of Bhanwari Devi, the murdered nurse from Rajasthan, India's orginial drama queen packed her bags and came to Rajasthan to research on Bhanwari Devi's life. Rakhi is not travelling alone and is accompanied by people, who are clued into the whole issue.Before starting her three-day trip to Rajasthan, Rakhi told us, \"I will not only go to the village near Jodhpur where she lived, I will visit the hospital where Bhanwari worked. I also want to meet Bhanwari's husband - Amarchand Nat, and visit his village too, and I will also visit the place jahan unke zewar mile,\" adding, \"Main paisey ke liye film nahi karti aur isiliye mein poori research karoongi because I still haven't agreed to do the film.\" Rakhi, who visited the Parliament in March to get a feel of the budget session, believes that her visit to the parliament will now help her in the case. She explains, \"Agar Rakhi Sawant parliament jaa sakti hain, toh woh kahin bhi jaa sakti hai and I believe that the whole Bhanwari Devi issue is very interesting and powerful and it is imperative to know the knitty-gritty of the entire issue.\"More than anything else, this role will be Rakhi's ode to the woman of Rajasthan. \"From what I know, Bhanwari Devi was a respectable woman who worked very hard to prove herself and usne minister ki sachai bhi samane layi thi. Normally what happens is that log khila ke aate hain aur fir baad mein khate hain and this is wrong. Therefore, I will go the extra mile to learn everything about Bhanwari till I am satisfied.\" Yes, she has heard the script of the movie and Rakhi wants to become a perfectionist, well, just like Aamir Khan. \"Aamir bhi kitni research karte hain har ek movie ke phele aur mein bhi apne role ke liye research kar rahi hoon,\" she says, adding, \"Koi bhi role karne se phele mein uski sachai janana chahti hoon.\" You know, she says, we can't play with the facts and hum extra masala nahi daal sakte. So, your fans won't get a glimpse of Rakhi- the dancer? \"Bhanwari was a nice dancer and a good singer, too. Hence, we can include a dance sequence in the movie,\" Rakhi promptly says.Before signing off, Rakhi tells us why she refused the movie which was being made on the life of Maanyata Dutt. \"I respect Sanjay Dutt and his wife and I refused the movie simply because I didn't wanted ki Sanjay mujhse naraz ho jaaye. Also, I respect woman and I will never take a step which will mocks them.\" If rumour mills are to be believed, Bhanwari Devi role was, earlier, offered to Mahie Gill. You feel lucky to have got the role? \"I don't care which heroine does the role but jo bhi kare, acche se kare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817255", "title": "Clubbing turns costly", "text": "Very weekend, Roselin Charles lands up at a leading club in the city with her children for a brisk workout, a refreshing lap in the pool and a spot of dinner. Gentlemen's clubs in Chennai remain popular for the wholesome entertainment they provide. And though many of the clubs have hiked membership and subscription fees, people are willing to wait to get in and be part of the swish set.\"It works cheaper than going to a hotel and there is a family atmosphere,\" says Charles, who has been a club member for the past 15 years. Many people, who want to enjoy the facilities, are willing to pay more to get in after many clubs raised entry rates and fees.The T Nagar Social Club, which used to charge Rs 35,000 as membership fee, has now raised it to Rs 1 lakh. There is no waiting period. \"There are only 1,800 members though we can accommodate 2,000 people,\" says a club member.Presidency Club has raised its membership to Rs 7 lakh recently while the Madras Race Club which used to charge Rs 75,000 till last year now charges Rs 5 lakh. It has invited 100 memberships, each costing Rs 5 lakh, to raise funds for a new building, says M Roosevelt, a committee member.\"You can pay Rs 2.58 lakh if you are prepared to wait,\" says Roosevelt. \"The cost of food and beverage was raised a few months ago due to inflation,'' he says. The Madras Gymkhana Club is awaiting the nod of the registrar of societies to hike membership fee, says P V S Vencata Subramaniam, vice-president of the club.Some, like the T Nagar Social Club, have increased the price of alcohol while the Cosmopolitan Club has raised its guest fees from Rs 10 to Rs 50. At the 100-year-old Madras Club, which has a membership fee of Rs 8 lakh, there are around 500 members to retain the exclusivity of the institution. What attracts people to these places? According to club managers, it is the family atmosphere that is the biggest draw. Vencata Subramaniam of Madras Gymkhana Club says people come to the club because of its profile and wholesome entertainment for the family, including a host of cultural and academic activities such as quizzing. \"The club library is among the best in the city,\" says A Nirmala, a parent.But a chance to hobnob with high-fliers is what prompts many people to pay through the steep fees and get memberships, says Jude Negi, owner of a small scale industry. \"It is all about the snob value,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12823013", "title": "Peace march in Sukma for release of abducted collector", "text": "BHOPAL: Hundreds of local tribals and prominent citizens of Sukma took out a 'peace march' on Sunday in Sukma town, demanding release of their district collector Alex Paul Menon, who was abducted by the Maoists on Saturday.The people, who gathered at the newly established district headquarters of Sukma, held a condolence meeting to pay homage to two security personnel, who were gunned down by the Maoist rebels when they tried to resist the Naxalite attempt to abduct the district collector at Manjipara near Kerlapal.\"We have appealed to the Maoists not to cause any bodily harm to the young IAS officer and to release him on humanitarian grounds\", Adivasi Mahasabha leader Manish Kunjam, a former CPI legislator, told TOI over telephone from Sukma.Meanwhile, reports from Bastar said special prayers were organised in the churches at Jagdalpur, the divisional headquarters of tribal Bastar, for the safe release of Sukma district collector. All religion and all community meetings are to be held in Sukma and Konta in the coming days so as to mount pressure on the Maoists to release the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816529", "title": "Making a breakout nation", "text": "India has just a 50% chance of becoming a breakout nation (exceeding expectations of 7% GDP growth) in coming years. So says Morgan Stanley honcho Ruchir Sharma in a fascinating new book, Breakout Nations.There is no better book for country-by-country accounts of emerging markets (and riskier ones called frontier markets). Its strong point is the author's reliance on grassroots experience in each country, avoiding statistical charts.His surprise prediction: the top breakout prospects include two Muslim democracies, Turkey and Indonesia . Tops in Europe are Poland and the Czech Republic . Asia's potential breakouts include Sri Lanka and the Philippines . Nigeria and East African nations may qualify too.India's big advantage, says Sharma, is its low income base and big catch-up possibilities. He correctly sees huge potential in the sharply accelerating backward states of north and central India. These can grow fast for decades with little effort through catch-up with advanced states. They are being transformed by dynamic chief ministers, even as New Delhi dithers and wallows in corruption, premature welfarism and policy paralysis.The book is a bit too pessimistic about India, which probably has more than a 50% chance of exceeding 7% growth. Sharma dismisses the demographic dividend, arising from a growing workforce, as a mere fad. But research shows that demographic dividends accelerated growth in every Asian tiger from Korea to China. India is no exception.India's workforce needs better skills to maximize its demographic advantage. Progress here has been deplorable. Yet learning-by-doing and innovation are unambiguously taking India up the skill ladder. Total factor productivity keeps rising.India hasn't actually reaped any demographic dividend so far, the latest surveys show, because female participation in the workforce has fallen sharply. As poor families become middle class, they withdraw women from the workforce, a sign of status. But as incomes keep rising and girls complete college, they re-enter the workforce. That's a huge coming demographic advantage.Sharma identifies South Korea as the gold medalist of growth, transforming itself from a cheap-labour economy to one at the cutting edge of R&amp;D.; Yet he ignores India's technological achievements at a very low income level. By refusing to liberalize labour laws, India has failed in labour-intensive industries, yet has succeeded dramatically in brain-intensive areas from software and high-end outsourcing to pharmaceuticals and automobiles. Many multinationals are building R&D; centres to harness Indian brainpower. India has a hundred flaws, but punches way beyond its weight in technology.Sharma worries about premature welfarism and subsidies. Subsidies on oil and fertilizers are outrageously high. But NREGA costs just 0.33% of GDP and is affordable. Sharma complains that India's consolidated fiscal is up from 6% to 9% in five years. But it has been 8-9% for most of the last three decades, yet India's growth has actually accelerated. He worries that the debt/GDP ratio is very high at 70%, but doesn't notice that the ratio has actually fallen from 85% to 70% in the last decade. This is mainly due to inflation, which erodes old debts.There's not enough creative destruction, he says: entry and exit of companies in the sensex is much less than in the Dow in the US. Surely the right comparison would have been with other Asian bourses. India has produced new giants galore for two decades-in software, infrastructure, pharmaceuticals and even windmills- unlike any developing country, save China.Corruption and crony capitalism are major problems. Yet, India's ranking has actually improved in Transparency International's corruption index. Corruption is worst in natural resources, real estate and governments contracts.Many cronies are incompetent crooks. But others once called cronies-like the Ambanis -later developed into world-class players. GMR, the crony of Delhi Airport, is now a successful global player, building airports in Turkey and Maldives. Cynics say success in managing Indian politicians makes you a world class manager. If so, cronyism is partly a desi Harvard Business School , teaching jugaad through learning-by-doing.The biggest problem in India is multiple hurdles for small businesses despite supposed liberalization. Sharma denounces Russia for being 120th of 183 countries in ease of doing business according to the IFC/World Bank Doing Business report. But India is 132nd. Worse, India comes 166th in ease of starting a business, 181st in getting building permits, and 182nd (second last) in enforcement of contract.Sharma's worries about India pale beside his merciless dissection of China, Brazil, Russia and South Africa. He predicts, persuasively and wittily, that these four will disappoint in coming years. His compelling chapters on these countries are the best reason for reading this book. They raise a major question: should India stop paying attention to the BRICS group, a sinking ship?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817268", "title": "Road digging: Telecom firm engineer, contractor held", "text": "PUNE: An engineer of Vodafone, Pune, and a contractor hired by the telecom company were on Saturday arrested for allegedly digging a portion of Bajirao Road without permission from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and causing a loss of Rs 84 lakh to the civic body.A magisterial court sent Shrikant Jadhav (engineer) of Sinhagad road and Anil Rajput (contractor) of Wadgaonsheri to magisterial custody before being released on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each.Senior police inspector Arjun Sakunde of the Vishrambaugh police station told TOI that the accused were arrested on a complaint registered by PMC's Vipin Vasant Shinde on Friday.According to Sakunde, Vodafone was awaiting permission from the PMC for digging roads between Puram chowk and Shaniwarwada and Gadgil statue for repairs to the cable lines. \"However, its contractor went ahead with the digging on April 17 and 18,\" he said.Some corporators complained against the digging of the road, following which the PMC made several attempts to contact Vodafone, but in vain, Sakunde said.The PMC has estimated the damage due to digging of the road at Rs 84 lakh, Sakunde added.Vodafone public relations officer Suresh Rangarajan issued a statement, saying, \"Vodafone as a responsible corporate adheres to all rules and regulations and law of the land. Fibre upgradation work was being carried out at an old fibre route and we had received all necessary permissions and approvals for it. The assigned vendor carrying out this activity did some additional work at an area where we were awaiting permissions, and a complaint was filed. The matter is being investigated and we will ensure full cooperation with the officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818170", "title": "Kids work to keep planet green", "text": "LUDHIANA: For keeping the environment clean and green and to ensure Satluj river is not polluted further, students of BCM Arya Model Senior Secondary School, Shastri Nagar, joined hands on Saturday, under the Green School campaign.An opening ceremony was organized at Phillaur Bridge on National Highway-I and the team of students was introduced to the project and activities to be held from time to time. About 45 students from classes VII to X participated in the campaign to make people aware of their surroundings.Carrying placards and through musicals and poems, the students advised people not to dispose of litter, polythene bags and plastic waste in the river.They wore gloves and removed polybags, beverage bottles, cigarette buts and waste from the river bank. Members of two NGOs too helped.As a part of the signature campaign, a large number of passers-by signed a banner promising to lead eco-friendly lives, save energy and not pollute water sources.A Class-IX student, Pahul Sharma, said environment had become a concern and pollution was unending. \"I feel the campaign would go a long way in making people aware,'' Sharma said.Abhishek of Class VII said, \"I feel proud to be associated with such a movement. The campaign would be an example for people and I hope they would too understand the need to preserve our surroundings.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12817991", "title": "BJP braces for council polls", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district unit of the BJP is gearing up for the elections to South-West Teachers' and Graduates' constituencies of the Karnataka Legislative Council.The BJP has won the South-West Graduates' constituency four times since it was set up in 1988 and the Teachers' constituency thrice.Party candidate K Sanjeeva Shetty lost the maiden election to the Teachers' constituency in 1988 by a margin of 44 votes.K Padmanabha Kottari, president of the district unit of BJP, in a release stated that the party has nominated sitting MLCs Ganesh Karnik and DH Shankara Murthy for the Teachers' and Graduates constituencies, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817902", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation orders stern action against some parking contractors", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) had developed more than 25 pay-and-park facilities in the city which had over 18 lakh vehicles plying on its roads. However, a vigilance investigation had to be ordered after a spate of complaints about irregularities in some of these facilities. Investigation revealed that the SMC contractors were charging people more that the stipulated amount. In two cases, it was also found that the civic body's pay-and-park facilities were sub-let by the contractors. The corporation authorities have ordered stern action against the contractors for indulging in malpractices.N G Parekh, in-charge of vigilance department, SMC, said, \"We found irregularities in the work of some contractors particularly those manning pay-and-park facilities in Dumas-Piplod and Gaurav Path areas.\" He said, \"In most cases their automated machines were not working, their display signs of charges for different vehicles were missing and workers were not adhering to the dress code.\"The charges for parking in these pay-and-park facilities are Rs 2 per hour for two wheelers, Rs 10 for four-wheelers and Rs 20 for heavy vehicles. \"People were made to pay Rs 20 in place of Rs 10 and Rs 5 instead of Rs 2. We even found two cases where a particular market association had been sub-let the space by the contractor in textile market area. We have submitted our report to the municipal commissioner,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"I have asked that stern action be taken against those involved in the irregularities.\" SMC earns more than Rs 2.9 crore annually from pay-and-park contracts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817028", "title": "Petrol pump body wants rule on sale of loose petrol", "text": "PANAJI: The government should put an appropriate regulation in place to allow genuine customers who require to procure petrol in loose, to be able to do so, the All Goa Petrol Pump Owners Association (AGPPOA) demanded on Saturday.The directorate of civil supplies had issued an order to all petrol pumps to stop the sale of loose petrol to customers. On April 2, the state VAT had been almost entirely abolished, except a symbolic 0.1% VAT which is being levied for technical reasons. This triggered the sale of loose petrol in Goa.A delegation of the AGPPOA on Saturday met chief minister Manohar Parrikar and raised issues relating to the order issued by the civil supplies department. Petrol pump owners maintained that they cannot completely stop the sale of loose petrol to genuine customers like casinos, out boat motors, generator sets and automobile dealers.\"We have requested the government to bring a regulation immediately on the sale of loose petrol to customers and we will implement the decision,\" AGPPOA president Paresh Joshi told STOI. The association also demanded that a special regulation be brought into effect for petrol pumps in border areas to restrict customers from neighbouring states from buying loose petrol from Goa.Joshi said that Parrikar assured them that he will look into their demands.According to the existing petrol rule, petrol pump owners can give 30l of loose petrol to customers every day, but the new order issued by the civil supplies department has put a stop on the sale of loose petrol to the customers, Joshi said.\"Because of this decision, there have been fights between customers and petrol pump attendants in several petrol pumps across the state,\" he said.A federation of All India Petroleum Traders (FAIPT) had called for a strike on April 23 to protest against their long-pending demands. \"After the FAIPT delegation met Union petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy and got an assurance from the minister, FAIPT decided to defer the strike,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818640", "title": "Birla Institute of Technology boys develop robot for excavation on moon", "text": "PATNA: A team of 11 students of Birla Institute of Technology (BIT), Patna, has developed a robot which could help NASA in soil excavation on the moon. This robot will be put on display at Kennedy Space Centre , Florida, US, from May 21 to 26.According to the group member, Saurav Murarka, the team, at the 2nd lunabotics competition for NASA in the US last year, had presented a robot for tracking system. \"We decided to participate in the 3rd lunabotics mining competition this time and NASA invited us to present our robot between May 21 and 26,\" Saurav said.About 60 teams from different countries have been selected to present their robots at the competition, he said, adding that the competition would focus on the excavation of maximum amount of lunar regolith from the moon surface.According to Saurav, the robot this time is smaller in size and lesser in weight, compared to last year. Besides, it is to be self-controlled and collect regolith from the arena. The team is almost ready with the robot. It is on the test stage, he said. The basic excavating system fitted with the robot includes bucket elevator which will carry soil samples from surface to a collecting pit point.\"This time, we have used CIM motors, linear actuators and sensors purchased from the US. These are not available in India. Our robot is able to move by itself, sensing the environment and saving itself from hurdles,\" the team members said.According to them, this project cost about Rs 14 lakh with financial assistance from the college, BIT alumni, Beltron, ECIL and Indian Oil. However, the robot-making team needed more financial support to reach NASA by May 18, they said. The team consists of faculty advisor Prof M A Hassan, Rajat Tyagi, Anurag Reddy, Anmol Sharma, Viswa Teja, Shreyak Tiwari, Satyasheel, Arvind Pavithran, Pooja Mahanty, Arushi Singh and Vikash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12818260", "title": "Cow dung attack on professor", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City police on Saturday arrested Bharath, 24, resident of Maripalla, for throwing cow dung at Pattabhirama Somayaji, assistant professor at University College, Mangalore.The incident took place at Mahavir (Pumpwell) Circle, when Pattabhirama was standing outside a hotel after lunch when Bharath, a Bajrang Dal activist, who harboured an ideological grudge against the faculty member threw cow dung and fled the scene.Pattabhirama was heading a flying squad for Mangalore University degree examinations.He told STOI that around 1pm, he was standing outside the hotel when a youth in his mid-20s splashed cow dung on his face, back and ears from behind. \"By the time I could see him, he had escaped,\" he told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817198", "title": "Research paper ban hurt victims, benefitted Union Carbide Corporation", "text": "BHOPAL: A blanket ban imposed by the government of India on publication of important studies and research work carried out by the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) for almost 10 years adversely affected the life of Bhopal gas victims and benefitted the Union Carbide Corporation a lot.Some documents of ministry of petroleum and chemicals (now rechristened as ministry for chemicals and fertilizers) and secret minutes of committee of secretaries reveal important information on the ban.The documents have come to light after RTI applications were filed in the Union ministry of petroleum and chemicals by an organization representing the victims.A Union ministry of petroleum and chemicals document dated November 5, 1990 confirmed that there was a ban on the publication of the ICMR reports when S S Gupta, the then under secretary ministry of petroleum and chemicals, denied permission for the publication of a paper on \"effect of exposure to toxic gas on the population of Bhopal- one year follow-up study\".In his reply, Gupta said, \"The undersigned is directed to say that the government of India has not lifted the ban on publication of papers on Bhopal projects etc.\"Though the ban was later lifted in 1995, the damage was already done as the Rs 470 million settlement was already done with the UCC. And lakhs of gas victims had already suffered because of absence of a treatment protocol for the gas exposure related ailments. The first report of the ICMR was published in 2004.Rachna Dhingra of Bhopal Group for Information and Action, whose RTI application brought to light the imposition of the ban said, \"the ban benefitted only one entity i.e. Union Carbide and hurt the gas victims\".\"If some of these unpublished reports would have come to light before the Rs 470 million settlement in 1989 then it would have clearly shown that there is no such thing as temporary injury as claimed by the carbide \", said Rachna.\"It would have also helped developing a treatment protocol for the victims besides, helping getting more compensation for gas victims,\" she added.Secret minutes of a meeting of the committee of secretaries held at the cabinet secretariat, Rashtrapati Bhavan on September 29, 1988 talked about the work done by the ICMR on gas victims. It was attended by the then cabinet secretary B G Deshmukh, then chairman scientific commission on Bhopal gas leakage Dr C R Krishna, Dr A S Paintal, then director ICMR, among others.\"With the help of studies conducted by the ICMR, it is now possible to convert the union carbide's claim that the main effect of the gas leakage was on pulmonary system since our studies show a multi-system effect,\" the minutes said quoting the chairman of the scientific commission on Bhopal.It was observed that the treatment protocol of the gas victims continued to be on a symptomatic basis and there appears to be no mechanism available in Bhopal which could analyse the available data sample and information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12828246", "title": "Why no one demanding AFSPA in Maoist-infested areas: Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: Drawing a parallel with insurgency in Maoist-infested areas, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah has said his state should be given a choice on revoking the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) from some areas.\"If Maoist-infested states can choose not to use the army, why can't my state choose not to use it in some areas?\" Omar wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.\"I want to know why no one is demanding AFSPA in these areas when they are so keen to see it continue in J&K;,\" he said.The chief minister, however, dismissed suggestions that he was supporting the use of army to tackle Maoists.\"I'm not. I'm asking why those making a big deal about it in my state are happy to be quiet in this case with a worse problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824175", "title": "Divya loves the filmmaking process", "text": "Divya Dutta is one actor who's not just incredibly talented but also full of life and someone who enjoys the process of shooting a film completely.So, even though she had a working Sunday, the actor instead of complaining or throwing tantrums all around her, began her day sharing with fans how a small comment on her skin by her hairdresser had delighted her. The actor wrote on a microblogging site, \"Haha!so my hairdresser says touchwood aaj aapki skin glow kar rahi hai!n then added,touchwood meri skin to hamesha glow karti hai!sweet!gdmr (sic)\". It's indeed 'sweet' that an actor of her stature like her can be so sensitive and appreciative of the smallest of compliments.No matter the hot and humid weather, the actor kept shooting outdoors all through the afternoon. Divya wrote about it on her blog, \"Town shoot,terribly hot but t zing at shoot kps t spirit super high!\"The actor, who is known for her superb performance in films like \"Veer Zaara\" and also for starring in several TV shows, enjoys the process of filming to the core. In her next post on a microblogging site Divya explained how she loved the fact that so many crew members, from different cultures and communities, worked together as one to create a saga. She wrote, \"Love t energy on t set!dfrnt people,dfrnt backgrounds,dfrnt jobs assigned,but all toghtr,make a lvly film happen! love my job (sic)\". You love your job Divya and we all love you for what comes through on screen because of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817127", "title": "Will there be secrecy of ballot in panchayat polls?", "text": "For the panchayat elections voting machines will not be used and counting of votes will be done manually. Is this being done to find out who voted for whom? At previous such elections I have objected in writing to the same numbers on the counterfoil I sign on and the ballot paper. I complained to the election booth officer and followed it up with the SEC to no avail. I understand the number is to ensure no bogus ballot papers are filled in. This is an important election and citizens must be explained about a foolproof system to ensure complete secrecy of ballot.John Eric GomesDo away with pompous functionsThe government should exercise absolute restraint on wasteful and unnecessary expenditure. As an austerity measure pointless expenditure on foundation laying and inaugural functions should be avoided. It is an eye sore watching MLA's and ministers launching construction of culverts and hot mixing of roads. They are elected to legislate and not to perform at road shows. The trend of laying foundation stones even before the project is finalized and tendered is very despicable. Let projects be completed and put to public use instead of wasting time on pompous functions at the cost of the state exchequer.Aires Rodrigues", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818304", "title": "BMW rams cop on duty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mangat Singh, a traffic policeman on duty was hit by a BMW , which was being driven by Jasbir Singh when the cop tried to stop him at a naka for checking the vehicle's documents. The incident took place in Sector 56 on Saturday night. A case has been registered against the Jasbir.In another incident two persons snatched the wallet and mobile phone of Mauliram, a student of UIET, Panjab University near Sector 15. The snatchers fled the spot after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816420", "title": "Nagpur AIEEE candidate gets exam centre in Bihar", "text": "NAGPUR: An All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) aspirant from the city was surprised to get a centre for the examination as far as Bihar . Tejas Kukde, a resident of Manish Nagar, received a shock when the identity card he received by post mentioned Chinmaya Vidyalaya, coming under Sector-V of Bokaro city in Bihar. Even more surprising was the fact that his name was mentioned as Nishant Kumar, son of Ashish Kumar Singh in the card.Bhavan's college principal Beena Gokhale, who is coordinator for the examination in Nagpur, did not pick up the call but when Tejas had approached her earlier, she expressed her inability to help him. She asked him to contact the Delhi-based authorities of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), that conducts the exam. Tejas and his parents even tried to contact CBSE national spokesperson Rama Sharma, but she refused to pick up calls despite repeated attempts.The teenager, who appeared for HSC examination conducted by Maharashtra State Board from Umathe Science College in the city added that though his address and registration number on the identity card was correct, his name and date of birth were wrongly mentioned. \"In fact, the name under the photograph in identity card clearly mentions my name. Still the authorities committed the blunder and now I will lose a chance to appear for the exam, which is a gateway to prestigious National Institutes of Technology (NITs), including city's VNIT,\" he rued.Tejas, who aspires to be an engineer, had applied for offline pattern as there was some confusion regarding the online pattern of the exam. The offline pattern would be conducted on April 29 while online would be spread over four days in May. He had opted for the former thinking that he would get Amravati as a centre like other aspirants, as Nagpur was declared a centre for online AIEEE.Over 10 lakh students appear for this exam every year and its popularity is increasing. Last year, it was rescheduled owing to a paper leak in Lucknow. A couple of years back, similar blunders happened with candidates getting centres as far as Delhi and even Lakshwadeep and Port Blair. The exam is critical in terms of taking a shot at the 15 per cent quota of seats reserved for the AIEEE candidates at engineering colleges across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817878", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University to hold Sahitya Parishad's gyan satra", "text": "SURAT: For the first time in its history, Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) will hold a Gyan Satra of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad in December, 2012.This is a historic occasion for VNSGU because after 47 years of its existence, a full-fledged department of Gujarati has commenced only this year.More than 500 delegates from different parts of the country and even abroad will be taking part in the three-day event beginning December 28.VNSGU vice-chancellor Daxesh Thakar told TOI, \"We will have delegates like Madhu Rai, Preeti Sen Gupta and Adam Godiwala. Many well-known Gujarati literature experts from across the world, too, will be participating. It will offer a great opportunity to our students to learn from them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12816852", "title": "Railway employee who set herself on fire dies", "text": "AJMER: Railways woman employee, Santosh Sharma, who had set herself on fire almost 20 days ago died late on Friday night in JLN Hospital here. She had immolated herself protesting against railway authorities for not taking action against the accused who tried to rape her on duty at Beawar railway station. The deceased has a 10-year-old daughter.The medical board of four doctors under the supervision of jurist Ashutosh Shrivastava completed Santosh's autopsy and submitted the report to higher authorities. Santosh had suffered 80 per cent burns when she immolated herself in the divisional railway manager's (DRM) office.The deceased's ex-husband alleged, \"Railways did not make efforts to save Santosh and did not take her to a private hospital.\" He has demanded for an enquiry in this matter. DRM Manoj Seth had announced that all expenses of Santosh's treatment would be borne by the department. Santosh's death comes at a time when the officials are already under pressure from women's commission and have suspended three accused after the state women's commission chairperson came to Ajmer.Santosh, who was working at Beawar railway station as clerk, on March 13 filed a complaint of attempt to rape by ticket-checker Saberjeet Singh and ticket supervisor Bhanwar Lal during her working hours. The matter was also sent to the police. The government railway police (GRP) registered a complaint against the accused but no action was taken.The victim was upset after writing several times to authorities and angry with the delay in enquiry and action on her complaint. \"She was frustrated with the non-action of the department and the police. Finally she wrote to the DRM that she was getting threats and was left with no option but to kill herself,\" said a source.On April 2 Santosh sprinkled petrol on herself and went to meet the DRM but he was out on inspection. She then shouted in the premises for justice and then set herself on fire.Meanwhile, on April 3 the railway authorities alleged that Santosh was a habitual complainant. While talking to the media DRM Seth had said that they recovered a file on August 2011 in which other women employees had accused Santosh for complaining without any reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12827019", "title": "Over 20,000 sit for UP State Engineering Examination", "text": "VARANASI: More than 20,000 candidates appeared in UP State Engineering Examination (UPSEE) that was held across 26 centres in the city on Sunday. The examination was held peacefully. Apart from UPSEE, the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) examination was also held at various centres in the city on Sunday. tnnBEd Exam: BEd examination would be organised across 26 centres in the city on Monday (April 23). Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKP) is the nodal centre for conducting the exam in the region while Awadh University, Faizabad, is conducting these examinations. More than 30,000 candidates are expected to appear in the test that will be held in two shifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816849", "title": "Police tightens noose against arrested bookies", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after busting an international racket involved in betting of crores of rupees over IPL matches, the police said they would not let go the accused who are otherwise booked in bailable offence.After talking to legal experts, the police have booked the accused under Section 420 (cheating) of IPC to make it a non-bailable offence apart from the lodging a case under Section 3/4 of Rajasthan Prevention of Gambling Ordinance.On Friday, the city police have busted an international racket and arrested a bookie and his six employees allegedly involved in betting and spot-fixing online. The bookie and his employees were in touch with Dubai-based bookies from here.All the seven arrested including kingpin Chandresh Jain were produced before a local court from where they have been sent to police custody of 3 days.'Usually in betting cases, the accused are booked under Section 3/4 of Rajasthan Prevention of Gambling Ordinance in which the accused are released on bail from the police station itself. But in this case when it was found that the main accused Jain had got all the sim cards by producing fake identity, we have treated it as cheating and have added stringent sections of IPC,\" said additional deputy commissioner of police (crime), Raghuveer Saini on Saturday.Saini added that the bookie, Chandresh Jain, had many foreign trips and had learnt the tricks of betting over matches from his uncle during his stay in Mumbai and started his racket almost one-and-a-half years ago.\"The amount of seizure which included nearly Rs 70,000 and a transaction of over crores of rupees suggested that it was a big racket started by Jain almost one-an-a-half years ago. He had salaried employees who were supposed to invite bidding on various IPL and other matches,\" Saini added.So far, investigations suggested that the gang was in direct touch with the cricket bookies of Dubai , Delhi, Nagpur, Mumbai and other major cities.Police have also found that accused Jain was having a lavish lifestyle and a year ago he had bought a piece of land worth crores of rupees near Kishangarh.Police have so far seized Rs 70,000, slips having transactions of crores of rupees, 5 LCD TVs, 5 laptops, 5 cellphones and 3 landline phones. Apart from Jain, six of his employees who were arrested were identified as Ankit Jain(21), Pahalad Agarwal(31),Sushil(29), Balkrishan(25) and Sushil Maheshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816845", "title": "State legal services to check child marriages", "text": "JAIPUR: With law walking up to the villagers' doorsteps to sensitise them, this Akshay Tritiya might not spell as auspicious for those looking at get their children married on the day. Over the last few years the Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority (RSLSA) has been taking various steps to create awareness, check child marriages and hold public interactive meetings to curb various social evils.59-year-old Justice Dalip Singh, chairman, RSLSA, has been touring the state with the mission to spread awareness about the malpractice of child marriage. \"Our effort is only to sensitize and create awareness among the masses as well as the administration. We can't afford to miss the courts. So every weekend I travel to some district to hold an awareness camp. And what keeps me going is the immense satisfaction I get in what I am doing and the public response,\" Singh said. This year between March 24 and April 24 till Akshay Tritiya, we have scheduled 1,500 camps across the state, he said.The RSLSA has issued directions to all the officers of departments concerned on how to prevent the child marriage. The state government and district authorities are on alert with Akshay Tritiya round the corner.The recent camp at Rajgarh 40 km from Alwar informed the participants that the authority has instituted various steps to curb child marriage and pre-natal sex determination. \"The response was good. Of the 1,000 people no one was aware of the legal action that child marriage can attract. The repercussions of a child marriage with the law taking its course were conveyed to people and that I think should be a deterrent enough,\" Singh added. The common man is unaware about the regulations under the Child Marriage Prohibition Act, which can result in imprisonment up to two years and a penalty of around Rs 1 lakh so conducting child marriages to save money certainly would not be a wise decision, he said.According to the details available, last year at this time nearly 626 literacy camps were organized through the state besides 102 meetings, seminars and rallies. The number of complaints that RSLSA received were 219 and the administration restrained 280 child marriages from being solemnised.Besides this special 'legal awareness programmes' are also being organised at the district and taluka levels to stop female feticide, women empowerment for uplifting the status of women in society, protection of women from domestic violence, against women trafficking, prohibition of tobacco, protection of rights of disabled persons, maintenance and welfare of parents and senior citizens, protection from child labour, protection of consumer law, environment law, national trust law and spreading awareness about the law and provisions of NREGA through Micro Legal Literacy Scheme. Add to that pamphlets have also been prepared by RSLSA on the above-said subject to disperse the material across districts, taluka and panchayat levels.Akshaya Tritiya, which falls on April 24, is considered highly auspicious for marriages and a large number of child marriages are reportedly solemnised on the day. With the state government launching a special drive to prevent child marriages, parents and relatives of the children have started maintaining secrecy on the preparations. The tribal belt of Udaipur and Banswara along with districts like Sawai Madhopur, Jaisalmer and Barmer are infamous for a high number of child marriages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817757", "title": "Tree smashes house, one injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A giant pipal tree collapsed on a century-old house in Mandvi ni Pol area near Manek Chowk on Saturday, smashing the front portion of the house. A 65-year-old woman living in the property sustained minor injuries. While Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials lifted the tree trunk and cleared the area, civic authorities have started to demolish the remaining portions of the house that can collapse any time.According to AFES officials, they received a call from Mandvi ni Pol at 8 am on Saturday. \"There was only one occupant, Ramila Mehta, living in the one-storey structure,\" said an AFES official. \"The house had not been repaired for long and thus was in a perilous condition. When the incident took place, Mehta was on the first floor. She sustained minor injuries and was taken to a nearby hospital by neighbours before we reached on the spot.\"A team of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation inspected the damage and found that the remaining structure was too dangerous to live in. \"We've found that some of the houses cannot sustain wear and tear after an extent,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817547", "title": "Golden Threshold under threat?", "text": "HYDERABAD: A group of residents from Abids on Saturday protested against the construction of a commercial establishment adjacent to the Golden Threshold, a protected heritage monument located on Nampally station road. They alleged that the builder, in connivance with government authorities, was erecting a multi-storied complex next to the centuries-old structure, once home to legendary poet and freedom fighter Sarojini Naidu. Residents demanded that the project be scrapped immediately.Speaking at a press conference held in the city, residents said that the developer had dug deep foundation pits, measuring between 25 and 35 feet, less than three meters away from the ancient monument, in gross violation of heritage norms. \"This might threaten the main foundation of the building and even damage it beyond repair,\" said Arun Kumar, one of the residents stressing on the need to protect and preserve the grade-I heritage property, often considered a national treasure.The Golden Threshold is currently maintained by the University of Hyderabad (UoH) and even houses a few offices of the varsity. In fact, at a recent event organized as part of the ongoing heritage week, Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, vice chancellor of UoH, announced that the heritage monument would soon be restored and transformed into a museum-cum-cultural centre. The university, it is believed, has signed a memorandum of understanding with INTACH to undertake the restoration project.Echoing the sentiments of residents, heritage activists from the city said that the commercial venture should be pulled out of its current location. Apart from being less than 100 meters away from the Golden Threshold (the heritage rules does not allow for any construction within this distance), the plan of the modern structure, activists rued, was also out of sync with the architecture of the historic monument. \"This is not permitted. Also, the height of the building could be a concern as the rules do not allow a new construction to block the view of a heritage property,\" said an INTACH member from the city.Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) officials, however, seemed far from concerned. While the project plan, as per the rulebook, should be passed by the Heritage Conservation Committee under HMDA, officials of the department said they had little to do with the recent construction. They instead passed the buck on to the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation. \"It is GHMC that sanctions such plans. Unless they (GHMC officials) do anything about stalling the project, we cannot take any action,\" said Syed Ziauddin, chief planner, HMDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821716", "title": "Ashim Ahluwalia heading to Cannes with 'Miss Lovely'", "text": "Ashim Ahluwalia's \" Miss Lovely\" has been selected to be screened at Cannes this year and the excited director is headed to the French Riviera with the film's cast next month.Being the only Indian entry at Cannes 2012, the film will be shown in competition as part of the Un Certain Regard section which presents movies with different visions and styles seeking international recognition.\"It is great that 'Miss Lovely' is going to be screened at Cannes. I will be there for the screening and will reach Cannes mid-May. But before that I am going to Berlin to finish the film's post-production,\" Ashim told PTI.The 40-year-old, who makes short films and documentaries, said it was the visibility of his first feature film \"Jane and George\" that got his second one into the coveted Cannes film festival.\"Jane and George was screened at the Toronto and Berlin film festivals. It also won a National award. Moreover, I was named one of the ten best emerging film directors in 'Take 100: The Future of Film'. That got me onto the Cannes radar. They asked me to send in a rough cut of 'Miss Lovely'. That's how the film got selected,\" said Ashim.\"Miss Lovely\", set in the mid-eighties, is about two brothers who make C grade films in Mumbai. The film stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui of \"Kahaani\" fame, former Miss India contestant Niharika Singh and Anil George.\"I think the fact that the film is about cinema and filmmaking, that too in an unexplored industry, is what impressed selectors at Cannes,\" Ashim said.The film is an international co-production, with producers from Germany and Japan chipping in money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pollachi", "code": "12818096", "title": "Thunderstorm wreaks havoc in Pollachi", "text": "POLLACHI: A summer thunderstorm devastated parts of Pollachi and surrounding areas on Friday night, damaging houses and crops and throwing normal life out of gear. The countryside presented a devastating sight with broken coconut trees and flattened plantain trees. Farmers were crestfallen with their hard labour of months destroyed in 10 minutes, when powerful wind accompanied by rain swept the land.The loss is estimated to be more than Rs 2 crore. Thousands of coconut trees standing in 200 acre of land were damaged and 50,000 plantain trees flattened. Electric poles have been uprooted plunging nearly 10 villages in darkness. Villages including C Gopalapuram, Aradhanairpalayam, Palakkarai, Keerapalayam and R Ponnapuram near Pollachi were affected by the storm.For S Jayaprakash, a farmer from C Gopalapuram, the loss was a twin blow. An hour after the strong winds that accompanied the thundershower destroyed his crops, his mother died. \"Will I take care of the damaged crops or make funeral arrangements? My mother was ill for a long time and she was 92. So I guess it is ok. But I am unable to cope. We do not know whom to turn to at this moment of crisis and personal loss,\" said Jayaprakash.He has 15 acres of land on lease on which he has planted plantains. His losses are estimated to be over Rs 15 lakh. \"Our family including my two brothers lost Rs 5,500 plantain trees in C Gopalapuram and Aradhanairpalayam. My elder brother Prabhakaran lost 500 trees and my eldest brother Balasubramaniam lost 1,000 trees,\" he told The Times of India.Agricultural officials, who were surveying the damage when this correspondent was visiting, said they were preparing a preliminary report of the losses. \"We will come back for a more detailed study tomorrow,\" they said. The study done by the agricultural department officials will be submitted to the sub-collector. The tehsildar is also said to be monitoring the situation. However, he could not be reached for a comment.B Shanmughasundaram, another farmer, owns four acre of land. His entire crop was destroyed. When the TOI team met him, he was reporting his losses to the employees from the agricultural department. He told them that 1,000 plantain trees were lost in the thundershower.'Medical' Paramasivam, an activist working with farmers in the area, was furious that the government has not responded to the calamity in an efficient manner. \"The response has been very poor. No one has come. The sub-collector and tehsildar have been informed. We are in constant touch with them, but they refuse to come here for a personal visit. The collector's PA was also informed, but there is no response from their side also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12816955", "title": "Nigerian nabbed with charas at Saligao", "text": "CANDOLIM: Calangute police have arrested a Nigerian national, Ikechukuri Edward Otuata, 32, after he was found in possession of 64g of charas. The Nigerian was intercepted at 12.30am on Friday at the Saligao junction during routine late-night patrolling by police sub inspector Akshay Amonkar. Since he was behaving suspiciously, the police team detained him for questioning and a search resulted in the discovery of 64g of charas worth Rs 64,000, from the Nigerian. Otuata was later remanded to police custody for further investigation, Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo informed STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816526", "title": "3 more police stations to come up in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Considering the law and order situation and crime scenario in the city, the Nagpur district guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe has promised three more police stations in Shantinagar, Bajaj Nagar and Mankapur. The land for Shantinagar police station has already been procured while the process for other two police stations is on. Police department is also starting many new police chowkis for easier access.Addressing a press conference on Saturday, Moghe said that the law and order situation in the city was not bad. Police have been quite vigilant and arrested 10 persons under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Action (MPDA) and 10 externees. The rate of murders has not gone up much. But incidents of chain snatching have gone up. Appreciating the police, he said the department had arrested all the accused in the recent hotel murder case. This is despite a shortage of 102 PSIs, 41 PIs and 7 deputy superintendents of police. Moghe also hinted at stricter implementation of law against drunk driving.On caste validity issue, Moghe assured better and faster delivery of certificates. A special committee headed by district collector will facilitate the work. The certificates would be made available online within two months. Talking about anti-encroachment drive, Moghe said it is not temporary. \"We are ensuring that a special vigilance squad continues to watch re-encroachment. Also to prevent re-encroachment the asphalting work of the road continues simultaneously,\" he said.Moghe assured action on lack of parking space and urged people to wear helmets. He reminded the citizens to not get the radio-frequency ID (RFID) number plates made from Utsav agency. The government will be nominating agency through proper tendering. To prevent big accidents, the minister ensured money for installing reflectors in the vehicles.Minister of state for finance and energy Rajendra Mulak categorically stated that there would be no load shedding. \"State's demand is 15,000MW whereas the present generation has already reached 13,500. With the new unit at Khaparkheda opening in 15 days and synchronization of Mouda plant and enhancement of Bhusawal unit, the shortage would be taken care of. \"From the 500MW Mouda plant, the state would get 30% share. But we are demanding 50%,\" he said. In rural sector, Mulak said that theft-less villages would get continuous supply while those falling in DEF categories would face some load shedding.About compensation to farmers, district collector Saurabh Rao said that out of Rs 39 crore for cotton, Rs 10.21 crore obtained so far had been distributed fully while the remaining Rs 50 crore for soyabean (Rs 48 crore) and paddy (Rs 2 crore) are yet to come. In all, about 2 lakh farmers, including 1.9 lakh cotton, 86,333 soyabean and 6,000 paddy farmers would benefit from the package.On drinking water scarcity, food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said that of the 496 villages with less than 50% anewari, 145 come under Umrer, 129 in Bhiwapur, 160 in Kuhi and 22 villages in Kamptee tehsils. In all, 14 tankers are deployed in the rural sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816908", "title": "Will Malleswaram market fade into history?", "text": "BANGALORE: An otherwise relaxed Saturday morning at their good old vegetable market exploded into chaos for residents of Malleswaram.BBMP officials swooped down on veggie traders and evicted them. Within minutes, the entire market was surrounded by police personnel. Fresh fruits, vegetables and flowers were lying on the ground with traders having heated arguments with police and some of them screaming at BBMP officials.K Thimmakka, 53, who has been selling vegetables at this market for the past 32 years, was stunned when BBMP dumped her fresh vegetables in large trucks as though it was garbage. She collapsed when she saw BBMP men knocking down her shop. She was immediately administered first aid and eventually recovered.Regular shoppers not realizing what the confusion was all about were shocked too. Many returned empty-handed. \"What has happened to this market? I was scared when I saw the police squad here. But one of the gates was open and I entered only to see everything strewn on the floor and vendors screaming,'' said homemaker Shalini M who had come there to shop.The market has 265 shops in all. Those selling dry fruits and other groceries were closed down immediately to save the items. Veggie vendor Javed Ali Khan was furious at losing 60kg vegetables. When traders were trying to safeguard their market, no elected representative came to their rescue.Each shop keeper used to pay Rs 115- Rs150 as monthly rent to BBMP.\"BBMP had sent notices to 17 shops. We were supposed to call for a meeting on Monday and discuss the issue with all traders. Before we could respond to them, BBMP has unleashed this drive targeting poor vendors. Why didn't they have any discussion with us? Why should the government ruin the livelihood of vegetable vendors?\" said N Venkataswamy, president, Malleswaram Market Flower and Vegetable Vendors' Association. \"Had BBMP given us some time, we would have taken away our commodities. Now we have incurred losses running into lakhs of rupees,\" he said.However, BBMP maintained it was routine eviction. \"Traders had even encroached pedestrian space, both inside and outside the market. We have received scores of public complaints. They had encroached the footpath outside the market. Notices were given and the traders failed to respond within three days. Therefore, we went ahead with the drive,\" said BBMP officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817761", "title": "One more complaint against credit card cons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police officials registered, on Friday, one more complaint against the gang of youths involved in credit card fraud. The total number of complaints against the fraudsters has reached eight, said investigators.According to Satellite police officials, Bhadrik Shah, a resident of Rudraprayag Tower in Ramdevnagar, has said that one Vishal Sharma approached him at his residence on April 12 and offered to increase his credit limit. Sharma had earlier talked to Shah over the phone posing as a private bank's representative. Shah thus trusted him and handed him his credit card. Sharma had a form filled and destroyed Shah's card in front of him to gain his trust. tnn\"Shah got an SMS on April 14 that his card had been used for the withdrawal of Rs 25,000 from an ATM,\" said a Satellite police official. \"Shah was surprised and approached his bank when he got to know that his card had not been cancelled. After reading media reports, he realized that he was duped and filed a complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12816975", "title": "Mhadei has seven endemic bird species", "text": "KERI: Devidas Kotkar, a researcher and teacher of Biology at the Government Higher Secondary School, Valpoi, has reported seven out of 16 endemic bird species of the Western Ghats in the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary of Sattari.Kotkar, who is doing research for a PhD thesis on 'Endemic Birds of Goa' under A B Shanbhag, head of department of Zoology, Goa University, has reported that there are seven endemic bird species in the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary.An endemic species is one that evolved in and has remained restricted to a particular place. The Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary covers an area of 208.48 sq km with magnificent semi-evergreen, mixed deciduous and deciduous forest types exhibits high-rising mountains, vibrant streams and a range of natural habitats that wait to be explored.Nilgiri Wood Pigeon, Malabar/ Blue Winged Parakeet, Malabar Grey Hornbill, Grey-Headed Bulbul, Rufous Babbler, White-bellied Blue Flycatcher and Crimson- backed/ small Sunbird are the seven endemic bird species sighted in the sanctuary. Kotkar has monitored the full breeding cycle of all seven birds during two consecutive years from June 2006 to May 2008 at the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary.\"All seven endemic bird species were observed throughout the year in the sacred groves and all of them were showing direct signs of breeding,\" Kotkar said.The small patches of sacred groves support more forest-interior species, and tree cover also possibly facilitates endemic bird species for foraging, roosting, breeding and other resources as well. Kotkar's study has indicated that the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary is a good repository of endemic bird's diversity due to its diversified habitat mosaic.Heinz Lainer, the ornithologist said, \"The section of Western Ghats that lies within Goa is rich in bird diversity. Out of 16 endemic bird species of the Western Ghats, seven have been reported in the Goa region.\"Kotkar added, \"Multi-storeyed vegetation of the sanctuary provide excellent habitats for a large variety of rare, endemic and threatened birds and hence it is essential to take needful steps at the earliest for the conservation of these areas.\"Pankaj Lad, member of Indian Bird Conservation Network, Goa Chapter said, \"The Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary of Goa is rich in the avifaunal diversity. This area is important as the habitat for birds and hence seven endemic bird species of the Western Ghat are reported in the sanctuary area and needed to be accorded necessary protection.\"Parag Rangnekar, president of Indian Bird Conservation Network, Goa Chapter, said, \"For woodland birds of Goa, Mhadei region is an excellent habitat. It forms a significant corridor with the reserve forests of Maharashtra and protected areas of Karnataka and support tremendous diversity of flora and fauna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818588", "title": "5 smugglers in Army uniform held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five smugglers who adopted a unique modus operandi for smuggling liquor out of Chandigarh by carrying it in an auctioned Army truck, without its number plate, while wearing Army uniforms have been arrested and sent to judicial custody.Their modus operandi was exposed when a team of excise department officials of Rishikesh impounded the truck and seized 500 cartons of IMFL, which were being smuggled to Rudraprayag in Uttarakhand, from Chandigarh. Besides the truck that was impounded, five persons including two former Army personnel - Harpreet Singh and Kuldeep Singh of Punjab - were also arrested. The consignment was seized at Mohkampur railway crossing in Dehradun on April 20.This development has also alerted military intelligence. The circle excise official in Rishikesh, Parshant Kumar, told TOI over phone, \"The identity of two ex-Army personnel, Harpeet and Kuldeep Singh, was established when they were quizzed by sleuths of the military intelligence.\"One of them, Kuldeep Singh, was with the Cavalry Armed Unit of Western Command and had taken pre-mature retirement from in December, 2011, Parshant Kumar said. The other three have been identified as Kuldeep, Harjinder Singh and Gurvinder Singh.Parshant Kumar said preliminary investigations reveal that the accused had loaded the liquor consignment from a liquor vend in Sector 20.The seized consignment of 500 liquor cartons included different brands like Bagpiper, McDonnell, Officer's Choice and Romeo.The five accused who have been sent to judicial custody for 14 days, have been lodged in the district jail in Dehradun.The accused purchased the Army truck that was used in the smuggling during an auction of second-hand Army vehicles in Ambala around six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12825579", "title": "Pak-occupied Kashmir shown as 'Azad Kashmir' in class three text book", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a faux pas, an exercise book prescribed for class three students at an Army school in Srinagar has depicted Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir (PoK) as \" Azad Kashmir\".The controversy surfaced three days ago when it was found that the map practice exercise book for schools run by Army Education Welfare Society showed PoK as \"Azad Kashmir\".\"As soon as the discrepancy was noticed, the Society withdrew the books,\" sources in Army said today.The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has, however, distanced itself from the controversy by maintaining that the exercise book in question was brought out by a private publisher and not of the NCERT which it prescribes for class one to class eight students.When asked to comment on the faux pas, CBSE Chairman Vineet Joshi said the Board has \"Nothing to do with it\".\"We prescribe only NCERT textbooks for class one to eight students. This book which is being talked about is of a private publisher,\" he told PTI.Asked to comment on the issue, BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, \"if it was a deliberate act, then it is a very dangerous thing as Jammu and Kashmir is a sensitive area. Even if it is mistake, the Centre should look into the controversy...the Government of India should take immediate steps to check a repeat of such incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817227", "title": "Petrol dealers call off strike", "text": "PUNE: The 350 petrol pump outlets in the city that were to go on an indefinite strike from April 23 called off the strike unanimously on Friday, following an assurance from Union petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy on higher commission for petrol dealers across the country as per the Apoorva Chandra Committee recommendations.Petrol pumps in the city had earlier threatened to go on an indefinite strike from April 23 to press for higher commission for petrol dealers and to oppose oil firms from opening new retail outlets indiscriminately.Last year, a high-powered committee was formed under the chairmanship of Apoorva Chandra, the then joint secretary in the petroleum ministry. The committee had recommended that the commission of petrol pump dealers be increased to Rs 1.85 per litre for petrol and Rs 1.08 per litre for diesel. However, the commission was increased only to Rs 1.46 per litre for petrol and to 80 paise per litre for diesel.Ali Daruwalla, spokesperson of the Pune Petrol Dealers' Association, and member, co-committee, All-India Petrol Dealers Association, said, \"A three-hour meeting took place between Baba Dhumal, the vice-president of the All-India Petrol Dealers Association, the petroleum minister and ministry officials on Friday evening. They discussed in great detail matters relating to the implementation of the Apoorva Chandra Committee recommendations and the indiscriminate setting up of new retail outlets. Reddy gave an assurance regarding the recommendations and said that oil companies would have to follow the norms prescribed by the ministry before they set up new petrol pumps.\"Another demand that the dealers had put forth earlier was that petrol pumps be allowed to charge their customers for hitherto free facilities such as checking of air pressure, and toilet and water services. \"The ministry will issue guidelines for the same shortly,\" Daruwalla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817715", "title": "Gujarat Cancer and Research Institute, US firm join war on cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Cancer and Research Institute (GCRI) will collaborate with a US-based firm to undertake research program in the field of cancer biology and immunology.Dr Raj Puri, director, FDA, Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, USA, said, \"We are collaborating with GCRI and would oversee the regulation of tumor vaccines, immunotherapy, cellular and gene therapy, tissue engineering, and xenotransplantation products and development of policies and guidance documents in these cutting edge areas of medical research. Also, Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer will act jointly with GCRI and look into the development of immunal therapy here in Gujarat.\"Dr Puri was in Ahmedabad as the second part of celebrations of Hospital Day by Gujarat Cancer Society and GCRI. The event saw oration lectures by three prominent speakers about cancer and new advances to beat the dreaded disease. tnnDr Puri said he will guide documents and research involving product characterization particularly cancer and embryonic stem cells towards the identification of biomarker of hESC, cancer, cancer stem cells and cancer vaccines.Experts said Gujarat government needs to get serious about battling oral cancer due to easy availability of gutkha. Dr Paul Sabastian, Regional Cancer Center director and head of surgical oncology, Trivandrum, said, \"Government should ease out on the rules and regulations on the availability of morphine and make the consumption more for the benefit of cancer patients. Also, there is a serious concern over the growing gutka, pan masala menace in the country and the Government of India should show some urgency in addressing the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817283", "title": "Mahabaleshwar bans use of plastic bags", "text": "PUNE: The Mahabaleshwar Hill Station Municipal Council has called for a ban on use of plastic bags in its jurisdiction from Tuesday. The council is also taking measures to prevent littering of plastic items (bags, drinking water bottles and packets of food items) which lead to the generation of large quantities of waste.Located 120 km from Pune, Mahabaleshwar was developed by the British as a hill station, attracting a large number of tourists, especially during the summers. With an increase in the number of visitors over the last few years, the problem of use of plastic bags and littering of plastic items has assumed serious proportions.Recently, an awareness rally was conducted in the market where traders were asked to stop use of plastic bags. In a cleanliness drive by the Sahyadri Trekkers, the organisation collected a truckload of plastic bags from the valley.Mayura Shindekar, chief officer of the municipal council, said, \"There were some cases where plastic bags had misleading labels about their thickness, so the state government's attempt to prohibit usage of bags with thickness of 40 microns was defeated. Now, we have decided to stop the use of plastic bags by traders. Some 2,000 paper bags have been distributed among the traders who have been instructed to use them regularly.\" Traders found using plastic bags from Friday will be penalised by the municipal council, she added.Shindekar said, \"Since shops are the main source of plastic bags, we have directed shop owners to get paper bags from non-governmental organisations. The clean-up drive is focusing more on the awareness aspect than on just penality aspect.\"She said the municipal council has allotted a space of 40 ftx20 ft on its premises where a collection yard has been created and collected plastic waste is stored till it is sent for recycling to Pune. Space for a recycling plant will also be given by the civic body to recycle dry waste. \"An organic waste composting plant is already functional and the possibility of starting a bio-gas plant is being explored,\" she added.Meanwhile, plastic collection points are being set up at some tourist spots where tourists can dispose off empty plastic bottles, cups, packets and bags. The forest department has appointed waste pickers to daily collect the waste thrown around points like Arthur's seat and Kate's point. The collected waste is shifted to the dumping yard of the municipal council.Hotel owners association representatives, non-governmental organisations and representatives of developers are also part of the drive to make Mahabaleshwar free from plastic waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12818135", "title": "Seize illegal private buses: Horatti", "text": "HUBLI: MLC Basavaraj Horatti has written a letter to home and transport minister R Ashoka to seize private buses -- RR, Sambrat and Rani Chennamma (RC), which have contract carriage permits (CCP) but are carrying passengers without any valid permission from Hubli to other cities.These buses are carrying passengers to Bagalkot, Bijapur, Ilkal, Belgaum, Sirsi, Davangere and Gadag from Hubli, without any valid permit. \"This is everybody's knowledge including the police, NWKRTC and other government officials, but they haven't taken any action against these buses,\" Horatti said in a release.The RR, Sambrat, RC transport companies are plying 58, 55, 72 buses respectively, and this is making a big loss to the government as these private operators are not paying tax and other fees. \"Because of this, NWKRTC buses go without passengers. Also travelling in these buses is quite dangerous as the drivers indulge in rash driving. These buses should be confiscated immediately,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12817394", "title": "Police stations sans town inspectors peaceful!", "text": "INDORE: As many as seven police stations in the city are running rudderless for last several days. Interestingly, no major crime has been reported from the jurisdiction of these police stations in the absence of TIs (town inspectors).A CSP, on the condition of anonymity, undermined the absence of TIs saying that no major crime has taken place in the absence of TIs. CSP Sarafa Rupesh Dwivedi said there has been a decrease in the major crime incidents under Pandrinath police jurisdiction despite the fact that there is no TI for last one month. He denied report of any major incident.TIs of MIG, Malharganj, Sadar Bazaar, Banganga, Pandrinath and Kshipra police station were removed on various charges.The Malharganj and Kshipra inspectors were punished this month for dereliction of duty. They were charged with being unprofessional during the inspection by IGP Anuradha Shankar.Sadar Bazaar TI was punished on February 19 for being absent from duty, while Pandrinath police inspector was punished as he failed to arrest members of Baig families who were 'absconding' in police records but were found leading a normal life in their homes. Similarly, the MIG police inspector was transferred for his unprofessional approach a few days ago.Talking to TOI, IGP Anuradha Shankar said the evaluation of performance at these stations cannot be done in such a short time. \"The actions were taken as there were complaints against the TIs and not on the basis of performance of police stations,\" she said.About filling the vacant posts of town inspectors, she said younger police officials are doing a commendable job in maintaining law and order in the city. As soon as a new batch comes in, the vacant posts would be filled in, she added. The IG, however, did not specify the exact date of filling these posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12827039", "title": "Historic Kurukshetra kund in shambles", "text": "VARANASI: Moving along the busy and congested road connecting Ravindrapuri and Asi Ghat in the South City, one may easily overlook the historical Kurukshetra Kund, which is surrounded by a series of buildings and some makeshift shops, thereby restricting the area of the pond. While a number of devotees come to the kund due to its historical significance, the present condition of the kund makes it difficult to think about taking a holy dip in the kund.When TOI visited the kund, except for occasional visitor, the kund wore a deserted look throughout the day. The water of the kund had turned dark green with algae. Similarly, wild grass had grown along the concrete platform, the place where devotees assembled to take a dip in the kund. Outside the concrete 'ghat' (platform and steps), makeshift shops selling construction materials including sand, bricks, cement and iron rods apart from wooden logs had mushroomed. Even more appalling was to see the cow dung being pasted along its boundary walls and stairs on the northern side and cattle sheds had also been set up in the area. Even the cattle could be seen loitering at the kund.\"This is a historical kund, associated with Mahabharata period and it hurts to find its pathetic condition. It has derived its name from the historical battle of Mahabharata fought between Pandavas and Kauravas at Kurukshetra, which is in Haryana. There was an effort to revitalise and beautify the kund in 2009, but apart from cleanliness drive (which was also a formality), the kund has not witnessed any development,\" said Madan Mishra, a local resident and also a priest at one of the temples located outside the kund premises.However, regional tourism officer Dinesh Kumar maintained that though the kund was one of the 10 selected ponds set for revitalisation and beautification under the project launched by the department in 2008, the work could not start due to the stay order of the court as some locals had managed to stall the process, drawing the matter into a legal battle.It might be mentioned here that the Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) and Varanasi Nagar Nigam ( VNN) had jointly launched drive to remove encroachments from the kund area, after district administration took serious note of encroachments along the water bodies in the city in 2009. While the drive witnessed demolition of some of the makeshift shops in the vicinity, other measures like putting signboards and cleanliness drive in the kund were also carried with the help of locals.\"We have our livelihood attached with the kund and there was no effort of rehabilitation after the demolition drive. We have been living here for the past 50 years and now our family is dependent on the business of construction materials including wooden logs. Our set up was demolished during anti-encroachment drive and we have rebuilt the area without disturbing the look and sanctity of the kund,\" remarked Mahesh Jaiswal, a local trader of construction material.It is also worth mentioning that on festive occasions including Dala Chhath, Chaiti Chhath and other occasions including solar and lunar eclipse, a large number of people take a holy dip in the kund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12817043", "title": "Ponda cops give hotels security code", "text": "PONDA: In a bid to keep a check on crime in the town, Ponda police has asked hoteliers in Ponda to follow security measures before allotting rooms to guests visiting their hotels.Ponda, a temple town of Goa, is popular among Indian and foreign tourists for its age-old temples and some historical monuments. Thousands of tourists visit Ponda every year.\"Along with tourists, some anti-social elements may come to the town on pretext of tourism and can attempt crimes. Hence, the police are taking all measures to avoid crimes,\" Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said.Ponda police had a meeting with hotel operators in the town on Thursday evening. The meeting that was held in the DySP's chamber was attended by all 16 hoteliers, Govekar said.Govekar said that he asked hoteliers to ascertain the details of every guest including permanent address, purpose of visit to the state and hotel before allotting them a room. \"Besides this, hoteliers have been instructed to cease any flesh trade, if being conducted in their hotels,\" the DySP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12817935", "title": "Rao may\u2019ve been killed by jealous mates, says dad", "text": "NEW YORK: K Seshadri Rao, from Odisha, was chasing the US dream commonly associated with his Andhra roots. The 24-year-old had got a B Tech degree from the National Institute of Technology (NIT) in Karnataka and was pursuing a degree at Boston University's Graduate School of Management. Had all gone well, he would have begun a three-month paid internship from next month.\"I got a verification call from the external affairs ministry about the body around 2am on Thursday night,\" said his father Sudhakar Rao, a bank employee in Jeypore in Koraput district. Seshadri is survived by his parents and a brother. He had studied in Jeypore and Cuttack before moving to NIT for his engineering degree. \"He was a brilliant student. Somebody may have killed him out of jealously as he was good at studies,\" said his grieving father.\"I am deeply shocked by the brutal and savage killing of the young man studying in Boston. This is absolutely barbaric and horrible,\" Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik said. The Indian ambassador said an officer of the Indian consulate in New York had been sent to Boston. The Indian consulate in New York had taken charge of the body and it will be sent to India shortly.Boston Police commissioner Edward Davis said police were stepping up patrols across the city. He did not comment on whether Rao was targeted by some gang or if the attack was random or due to race hatred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12818161", "title": "Water from Koyna dam now seems a mirage", "text": "BELGAUM: It just gets worse for North Karnataka. Belgaum, Bagalkot and Bijapur districts reeling under severe drought were looking to Maharashtra for some reprieve. But the state is unlikely to release water from Koyna Dam into river Krishna.Irrigation minister Basavaraj Bommai and agriculture minister Umash Katti led a team to Maharashtra and requested CM Prithviraj Chauhan to release 5 tmcft water from Koyna. Chauhan assured the team that he would release 2tmcft at the earliest. But, even after two weeks water is yet to be released.The issue is suspected to have taken a political turn after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray took exception to the release of water. When STOI contacted deputy executive engineer R L Koli of Sangli irrigation division of Maharashtra, he said \"We have sent a proposal to the government on release of water. But, no instruction has come to us in this regard so far.\" However, official said there were no problems in releasing water from Koyna.Minister Umesh Katti expressed his doubts on whether Maharashtra would release water. \"It is unfortunate that Maharashtra is delaying releasing water even after signing the agreement during our visit. I will talk again to the authorities on Monday in this regard,\" he said.More than 140 villages in Bijapur, 39 in Belgaum and several villages of Bagalkot district have been declared drought-hit with the government supplying water through tankers. The situation could get worse if Maharashtra does not release water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816586", "title": "Neeri to submit report in 3 weeks", "text": "NAGPUR: Responding to the NMC request to address pollution hazards from the Bhandewadi dump yard in east Nagpur, a team of the National Environmental Engineering and Research Institute (Neeri) on Saturday visited the site and collected samples. Neeri's senior principal scientist (solid and hazardous waste management division) Mahendra Patil, who led the team, said they would submit a report in three weeks on the matter to the NMC.\"It was a quick reconnaissance visit to inspect the site and collect some samples. We will visit the place again in next three-four days to collect more samples of the garbage. Then we can get going with detailed analysis and putting together the data to arrive at a solutions for the problem of stench emanating from the dump yard,\" Patil told TOI after the site visit.Mayor Anil Sole had written a letter to Neeri director Satish Wate two days ago seeking urgent help to address the problem of obnoxious odour emanating from the centralized landfill at Bhandewadi. People living in several localities in a four-km circumference of the yard have been complaining of the stink and health risks from the landfill site. However, Neeri, which has requisite expertise, has been asked to handle only the stink problem and not the whole waste management plan at Bhandewadi.Patil said segregation of the solid waste in being carried out and organic, plastic, biodegradable, combustible material were being separated. Neeri after analysing the samples and studying the site's logistics would submit its report for ways to control the stink. Patil said since composting and other operations take place at the site, covering up the garbage was ruled put. Measures like proper ventilation could provide immediate relief. But Patil said long-term plans like green belt development around the yard could also be suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816945", "title": "Saving earth, tiger through song", "text": "BANGALORE: Nine Bangaloreans have teamed up to save the Earth and a precious animal, the tiger. On the occasion of Earth Day 2012 on Sunday, the NGO Save Tiger First (STF) will launch a theme song based on the Tamil hit 'Kolaveri Di'.The core STF team -- Vasanth Raje Urs, Ashok Hallur and Padma Ashok - is a group of professionals in photography, corporate films, designing, etc. and decided to create a video song on the environment. Tapping into the popularity of 'Kolaveri Di', they, with the help of lyricist Mohan Thimmaiah and singer Guru Krishna, flautist Tharun and researcher Shobha S, created the Kanglish song 'Earth Song 2012- Kolabedi'. The song was uploaded on Youtube on April 18 and received over 900 hits by Saturday evening.\"Once the song was written and recorded, the challenging part was video representation. We had some of our own footage, but other videos were required as per the song's requirement. It took a ten days of research to collect the relevant footage,\" said Padma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817186", "title": "Flight makes unscheduled landing in city", "text": "CHENNAI: A Kuala Lumpur-Abu Dhabi Air Berlin flight made an unscheduled landing at Chennai airport in the wee hours of Saturday after one of its passengers experienced severe chest pain.Sources said that German national Paul Reis complained of severe chest pain and the pilot told the Chennai air traffic control that it was a medical emergency and requested permission to land. The passenger was rushed to the airport medical centre, where he was given emergency care. He was then admitted to a private hospital in the city.Airport sources said Chennai was one of the few designated airports for emergency landing because it had all facilities to handle medical emergencies and a crippled flight.Chennai is also near the air route of flights crossing from the Middle-East to South East Asia or Australia, making it easier for pilots to land here.The Chennai airport has a fully equipped medical unit managed by a private hospital. Several hospitals are empanelled to admit passengers requiring further attention. Many flights have made emergency landing after passengers on board complained of illness. Former Pakistan cricketer Wasim Akram's wife was treated at a private hospital in the city after the air ambulance in which she was being taken to Singapore made a stopover after her condition deteriorated on board.The immigration section at the airport is also prepared for such emergencies. One or two officials from immigration wait along with a medical team to process the papers of sick passengers. If the passenger needs to be moved to a hospital, a temporary entry permit is given for the passenger and accompanying traveller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi/jamshedpur/palamu", "code": "12818462", "title": "CBI raids MLAs' houses for Rajya Sabha poll fiasco", "text": "RANCHI/JAMSHEDPUR/PALAMU: The CBI on Saturday conducted raids at 10 places in the state in connection with alleged horse trading in the biennial Rajya Sabha election that was countermanded by the Election Commission .The raids were conducted at three places each in Ranchi and Jamshedpur and one each at Palamu, Deoghar, Jamtara and Chaibasa.The election was countermanded after the seizure of Rs 2.15 crore from an aide of independent candidate R K Agarwal on March 30, the day of the polling. The CBI is investigating the case following the order of the Jharkhand high court.Confirming the raids, CBI joint director A K Singh said the raids were still on at most of the places and is expected to continue till late at night. \"Only after the search is over, we will be in a position to comment on the matter,\" said Singh.According to Congress MLA KN Tripathy, the search was conducted at his residence by the CBI on the basis of a search warrant by a special CBI court. \"The team of CBI officers came to my residence with a search warrant issued by the special CBI court. On seeing the warrant, I allowed them to search my house,\" said Tripathy. The MLA said the CBI did not show him any order of the speaker's office to raid his premises.When contacted, assembly speaker C P Singh said, \"The CBI is not required to take permission from my office to conduct search and raids at MLAs' residences.\"Sources in the CBI said raids were conducted at the official residence and ancestral house of three MLAs. The raids were also conducted at the residence of independent candidate R K Agarwal and his close aides.\"Apart from raiding the official residence of the MLAs in Ranchi, we also conducted search at the ancestral house of Vishnu Bhaiya of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha at Jamtara, K N Tripathy of the Congress at Palamu and Suresh Paswan of the Rashtriya Janata Dal at Deoghar,\" a source said adding that the raids began at the residence of the MLAs because these were the people who showed their ballot papers to persons other than their respective party agents and violated the prescribed voting procedure in Rajya Sabha election.\"We also raided Sah Sponge Company and Chaibasa residence of its owner Raj Kumar Sah, a relative of R K Agarwal. Houses of Sah's son Soumitra and his manager, Sudhansu Tripathy, were also raided,\" the source added. Soumitra is also the son-in-law of Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817286", "title": "Support industries, Pawar tells villagers", "text": "PUNE: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Saturday urged local residents to co-operate with investors setting up industries in non-urban areas. The new industries will help generate employment and improve the overall standard of living in villages, he said.Pawar was speaking at the Sahajpur industrial area, about 30 km from Pune, where he earlier inaugurated a digital ceramic wall tiles plant.Pawar said there was tremendous pressure on farming due to the increasing population. \"It would be proper if a significant number of people, who depend on agriculture for their living, shift to industrial employment or entrepreneurship,\" he said. Moreover, there is a limit to making water available for agriculture purpose. So, we must reduce reliance on rain-fed farming and look for opportunities in the industrial sector, Pawar added.\"Causing nuisance to industries or having unreasonable expectations from them will certainly discourage investors from coming to rural areas,\" he said tacitly referring to the incidents of extortion and intimidation unleashed by some people in Chakan and Ranjangaon areas of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12818541", "title": "PCB inspectors refused entry into Punjab industrialist's factory", "text": "JALANDHAR: Industrialist Shital Vij may be in police custody but his men prevented teams from the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) from entering two of his units in the industrial area here on Friday.PPCB officials have found that only six of Vij's 17 units, which have come under their scanner, had mandatory consent-to-operate certificates from the PPCB.\"We had sent teams to inspect these units on Friday, each team having two sub-divisional officers. But, they were not allowed to enter two of his units in the industrial area. The men guarding the gates sent back the teams saying that they would not allow entry as the owner was not present,\" said PPCB superintending engineer SP Garg.Garg revealed that inspection of all the units and sifting of their records revealed that just six of his units had the mandatory no-objection certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818039", "title": "Tyre burst kills CSTC driver", "text": "KOLKATA: A tyre burst left a 52-year-old CSTC employee grievously injured when he was carrying out a routine check of the buses at Lake depot on Saturday morning. He later succumbed to his injuries after fighting four hours for his life.Adhir Kheri, the victim, had been working in the maintenance and engineering section for the past few months though he was originally a driver. His job involved checking the condition of buses before allowing them to ply. On Saturday, the incident took place around 7.15am when he was checking the air pressure of bus tyres. The tyre of a bus suddenly exploded due to excessive air pressure and Kheri was blown seven feet away with the heavy metal ring of the tyre hitting his chest.\"We heard a huge thud and found Kheri lying on the ground with the tyre beside him. We carried him to MR Bangur hospital,\" said one his colleague. Around 11.20am, Kheri succumbed to his injuries.Nearly six months ago, the victim was shifted to the engineering section. Some employees alleged that his duty was changed by influential union members without a proper government order. Ujjwal Pande, secretary of the Trinamool-led CSTC Employees' Union at Lake depot, denied any foul play in Kheri's posting. \"It was an unfortunate incident. We informed police soon after the accident,\" said Pande. Lake police station has started a probe into Kheri's death.\"The initial probe suggests that Kheri died of an accident,\" said an investigator.Kolkata: A 52-year-old CSTC employee died in a freak accident on Saturday morning at CSTC's Lake depot in south Kolkata. Other employees of the depot said that Adhir Kheri, the victim, had been posted at the maintenance and engineering section for the past few months though he was a driver. He job involved checking the condition of buses before allowing them to ply.On Saturday, he was on the 4am-noon shift. The accident occurred around 7.15 am. Like other days, he was checking the air pressure of bus tyres. The tyre of a bus suddenly exploded due to excessive air pressure. Kheri was blown around seven feet away and the heavy metal ring of the tyre hit his chest.\"We heard a huge thud and found Kheri lying on the ground with the tyre beside him. We carried him to MR Bangur hospital,\" said an employee of the depot. Around 11.20 am, Kheri succumbed to his injuries.Kheri, a resident of Keyatala, was earlier a driver of CSTC buses that generally ply in the city. Nearly six months ago, he was shifted to the engineering section. Some employees alleged that his duty was changed by influential union members without a proper government order. A senior CSTC official, however, claimed that procedures were followed for posting Kheri to the maintenance section and he died of a freak accident. Ujjwal Pande, the secretary of the Trinamool-led CSTC employees' union at Lake depot, too, denied any illegality in Kheri's posting. \"It was an unfortunate incident. We informed police soon after the accident,\" said Pande. Lake police station has started a probe into Kheri's death. \"The initial probe suggests that Kheri died of an accident,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817279", "title": "Rajsmitha Kar defeats Pradeep Gurung and Raghav Juyal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajsmitha Kar was voted the winner of the Dance India Dance (DID)show. The participant from Geeta Kapoor's team defeated Pradeep Gurung and Raghav Juyal who took the first and second runner up positions.The gand finale of DID marked the end of a thrilling dance journey of 17 weeks for 18 bright contestants from across the country who dazzled the TV screens with performances that established them as the biggestdancing stars.Some of the key highlights in this finale were the 'Mardi Gras Carnival act' by anchor Jay Bhanushali and Saumya Tandon.Terence Lewis' Jim Morrison act was on the track 'Sadda haq'. Master Geeta Kapoor made a grand entry on a huge crown. Remo D Souza hard hitting hip hop performance was infused with freestyle act on the song 'Zara Dil ko Thamlo' from the movie Don 2 .One astounding act was by Rajasmita Kar from 'Geeta ki Gang' where 24 dancers along with her hung in mid air with the help of a truss. Sanam Johar did a jaw dropping mirror ball act.Dil ki Rani, Mohena performed with a huge Venetian mask. Raghav Crockroaz Juyal danced with a huge crocodile's face as a prop.Pradeep Gurung's Shaolin act was a combination of freestyle and parkour.Ali Asgar added a touch of comedy to this year's finale. He was dressed as Aamir Khan's character in the movie Delhi Belly of an item boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817316", "title": "Menon first top official to be abducted", "text": "BHOPAL: This is for the first time that Maoists in Bastar, under the CPI (Maoist) special zonal committee of Dandakaranya, have abducted a senior administrative official, Alex Paul Menon, though there were instances of abduction of police constables in the past. Just five days ago, the rebels had abducted a village patel, a constable and three other villagers from Kerlapal region.Sukma borders with Orissa's Malkangiri district from where the Andhra Pradesh-based rebels had abducted the then collector R Vineel Krishna in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12818457", "title": "Losses pile up in operating Himachal roadway buses", "text": "SHIMLA: Solely dependent on road transport for moving goods and people in the hill state, losses are accumulating with Himachal Road Transport Corporation (HRTC), with CAG picking out an additional loss of Rs 27.74 crore in its balance sheet.Loss for running the 2093 vehicles, including 1996 buses in 2010-11 was Rs 23.07 crore, the HRTC annual account statement showed.Revenue of the corporation for the year was Rs 498 crore, which included passenger income of Rs 367 crore, but the expenditure was over Rs 511 crore that included Rs 114.33 as operating costs and Rs 220.42 crore repair and maintenance expenditure.However, a Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) audit of the accounts pointed out that total liabilities had been under assessed by Rs 27.4 crore and assets over valued by Rs 30.37 lakh.Some of the entries flagged were that the corporation had not made any provision for Rs 12.27 crore arrears payable to employees against revised scales from January, 2006.An amount of Rs 13.14 crore for the period 2004-05 to 2008-09 had not been deposited in the pension fund trust as pension contribution.For dearness allowance due from January, 2011, an amount of Rs 1.60 crore had not been provided for.Service tax of Rs 14.29 lakh on advertisement service income and Rs 2.69 lakh service tax on operating a courier service for the period 2004-05 to 2008-09 was yet to be paid.On the assets side, Rs 7.36 lakh shown as outstanding debt was irrecoverable as the audit showed it was for 1981 to 2005 period, but no records of these debts were available.An amount of Rs 5.92 lakh shown as recoverable from various parties was overstated as the amount had been adjusted in July, 2007.An outstanding amount of Rs 3.85 lakh, shown as recoverable for supply of defective spare parts, was irrecoverable as there was no record for the claims shown.CAG has also raised doubts about recovery of Rs 12.79 lakh that had either been misappropriated by employees who had either been dismissed from service or were compulsorily retired. This included Rs 10.16 lakh worth of diesel misappropriated from July to November, 2006.On a share capital of Rs 413.7 crore, the public transporter, incorporated in 1974, had accumulated losses of Rs 573 crore on its books.The corporation had a staff of 8,496 on its rolls which included 3,020 drivers, 2,727 conductors and 1,460 mechanics in various workshops. The corporation also had 656 personnel in the administrative wing, 257 inspectors and 426 other workers.Reasons given by the management for incurring the losses were that though fares had been increased but not commensurate with cost of operations, increase in cost of spares and pay revision for employees,Compensation provided by the government for permitting concessional travelling facilities to various categories and operating uneconomic routes in remote and hard areas was not enough to offset concessions and expenditure incurred, the HRTC management has stated.Through the financial year, Himachal Roadways vehicles met with 138 accidents in which 53 people died and another 334 were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12818037", "title": "Couple offers to adopt abandoned baby, authorities in no hurry to act", "text": "GURGAON: A city-based couple has approached the district administration to adopt the abandoned baby girl who was found at a garbage heap on Wednesday and admitted in civil hospital for treatment.Doctors suspect that the new-born was dumped near Ram Chowk around Tuesday midnight and she suffered from numerous mosquito bites and high fever. The baby is underweight and her situation is still critical. She is suffering from infection and didn't take milk fed by the hospital. She is kept in an incubator in Rohtak medical college.After reading the TOI report on this, the couple who work as corporate consultants, visited civil hospital and offered financial assistance for treatment of the baby. They also expressed desire to adopt the baby.But the couple's offer was not met with similar response from the administration. \"When we asked for permission to admit the baby in one of city's premier private hospitals, they transferred her to Rohtak medical college on Friday evening. This was a bit absurd,\" said Manisha Chaudhary. The couple is now planning to visit Rohtak medical college.Manisha and her husband Sandeep have already adopted three children - two girls and a boy. \"After four miscarriages, we decided to adopt. My youngest daughter is three-year-old and other two go to school,\" said Sandeep.When we read about the two-day-old baby being dumped in pile of garbage, we decided to adopt the fourth child. \"We want to take care of the baby girl. It's unfortunate that the authorities are making it a bureaucratic process. They should be more compassionate in such cases,\" Sandeep added.On Friday afternoon the couple met deputy commissioner PC Meena seeking his help in the matter. \"He said he was keen to help us, but only as per the rules. Foster care rules empower DC to allow a couple to take care of such a baby,\" said Manisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12827552", "title": "Elephants kill one in Dalma", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 42-year-old man was trampled to death by wild elephants while two others managed to escape unhurt at Dalma Wildlife Sanctuary here late on Saturday.According to forest officials, the incident occurred when Balram Besra, a resident of Barubeda village in Patamda, along with two others was returning home. \"All three were drunk. While the other two managed to flee the spot, Besra fell down while attempting to run away,\" said divisional forest officer of wildlife Kamlesh Pandey.Forest officials rushed to the spot after being informed of the death and handed over Rs 25,000 to the victim's family for his last rites. But the family of the victim, however, blocked the Tata-Patamda road seeking more compensation. It was after the block development gave away an additional Rs 10,000 on behalf of the district administration to Besra's family that the road block was removed.The DFO said the victim's family is finally entitled to a monetary compensation of Rs 2 lakh in accordance with the provisions in such cases. The body has been sent to the MGM Hospital for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817140", "title": "Illegal colonies\u2019 count bothers Lucknow Development Authority", "text": "LUCKNOW: How many unauthorized colonies are there in the state capital? This query from the high court has once again forced the Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) to sit up and take a look at increasing illegal colonies in the city. As per the city master plan prepared in 2005, there have been 241 illegal colonies in the state capital. Authority apprehends that their number may have increased by another 10% given the weak enforcement and lack of mechanism to control their further growth. There have been a number of attempts to get these colonies authorized. But the results were not fruitful.A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit sought a detailed report from the state government on the status of unauthorized colonies in the state. The state government has to submit a report by May 25 when the next hearing into the case is slated.Official sources said that the illegal colonies in the state capital have seen a steady rise following a rise in demand for housing, with the state government not able to meet to the demands. As per the city master plan-2021, which was prepared in 2005, the city had 241 illegal colonies each sprawling over an area of between 2 acres to over 100 acres.All these colonies were essentially established by colonizers who reportedly bought land from farmers, carved out plots and sold off to unaware buyers. Obviously, they did not have any approval from the LDA. According to norms, colonizers are required to submit a layout plan which is then incorporated as part of the overall city planning process. It is also accordingly that the municipal services are planned and executed.LDA mustered courage in 2007, soon after Mayawati stored to power by raiding some dozen such illegal colonies. In fact, some of the offices were sealed. However, the drive soon lost the steam for reasons better known to the state government.LDA sources said that the list of such illegal colonies will be prepared and put up before the high court. At the same time, the state government is likely to put forth the argument of coming up with schemes to get the colonies regularized.Sources, however, said that the norms set up by the housing department to get the colonies regularized were too water tight and 'unreasonable'. \"Colonizers shied away from the sop provided to them,'' said a senior official at the LDA. He pointed out that the norms suggested measures like leaving a section of land for the green belt besides prescribing a certain set back area. \"But it was too late for the rules to be applied. Houses were already constructed. Sticking to such measures would have meant bulldozing the houses which was not acceptable,'' said an official in the enforcement wing of the LDA.LDA officials do not rule out the possibility of the number of such colonies having increased by at least 10 to 15 percent in the last few years. \"There has been a growing demand for houses. And the government has not been able to do its bit in acquiring land for the housing purpose. There have been instances of colonizers buying the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817275", "title": "Defence readiness issue not alarming, says ex-air chief", "text": "PUNE: Former chief of air staff Air Chief Marshal P V Naik has said that the country's defence preparedness is a matter of serious concern, but the situation is far from alarming. \"Everybody wants 100% preparedness, but the same is neither possible nor financially viable,\" he said.\"We are at the cusp (lowest level) of our preparedness, which is a serious state but the situation is not alarming. It is not as if somebody is going to attack India and we are going to lie down and do nothing about it,\" he said at the J S Karandikar memorial lecture, organised by the Pune Union of Working Journalists, on Saturday.Naik, who has settled in Pune after his retirement last year, highlighted the need to speed up and refine the defence acquisition process. \"We must have a specialist cadre for handling defence acquisitions to cut delays at the level of the bureaucracy,\" he said.Naik attributed the present state of preparedness to economic problems, technology denials and sanctions that India faced over a decade ago. \"There was little money to be spent on defence. We were under the sanction regime and there were many technologies that were denied to us,\" he said.\"One must recognise that preparedness and modernisation of the defence forces is a continuous process. What we wanted 10 years ago, we could not get and that is affecting us now. We will have to get through this situation sooner than later,\" he said.Naik said, \"The state of preparedness will be much better after 2014-15 when the ongoing ramping up of the forces will start to show effect. The plans have already been set in motion, I can guarantee that for the Air Force. The equipment is in the pipeline. However, the defence systems will take some time to arrive and become operational, as they do not come overnight.\"On procurement delays, Naik said, \"Much of these delays occur at the level of the bureaucracy as the role of armed forces is over after the assessment and shortlisting of equipment. Often, it takes months to convince the bureaucrats before they act on a proposed acquisition. This issue needs to be addressed by creating a specialist cadre for defence acquisitions.\"On the \"trust deficit\" when it comes to induction of indigenous products in the forces, Naik said, \"Indigenisation must happen at a correct time. If the forces are to get indigenous equipment when the life of the concerned technology is almost over then, such a product is of no use. What is happening now is that the forces buy a certain number of product or equipment and get the transfer of technology to improve upon the same by way of reverse engineering,\" he said.On the recent hearing on preparedness before a Parliamentary panel, Naik said, \"The critical deficiency of trainer aircraft and simulators and allied issues come out of the economic issues we have been through in last 10 years. The MiG-21 aircraft were to be phased out but unless the Air Force gets other aircraft, how can the phase out happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821577", "title": "Algorithm helps you pick right bra", "text": "Chennai-born, San Francisco-based software engineer Aarthi Ramamurthy is the talk of the town for creating an algorithm that helps women find the right-sized bra online.Indian women are no different from American ladies. At least, not when they step into a dressing room, and strip. While expert studies claim 80 per cent of American women wear the wrong bra size, in India, the numbers stand at a more disappointing 90 per cent. A Chennai-born, San Francisco-based software engineer decided to do something about it. Aarthi Ramamurthy used her talent for coding to help women find the right bra fit online, using an algorithm.Ramamurthy and business partner Michelle Lam set up a website called True &amp; Co, surveyed hundreds of women who narrated arduous tales of squeezing or floating in ill-fitting lingerie, and did a bit of Math. \"Bra sizes across brands were inconsistent. A size 34C in one could be equivalent to a 34B in another. As a user, I not only have to know my exact size, I also have to know how that size maps across various brands. There had to be a better way to buy bras online.\"Ramamurthy and Lam's algorithm predicts the exact fit, and suggests models you can buy. \"That way, the user no longer has to worry if the bra will fit her; she only needs to pick those she likes and we guarantee that they'll fit. The goal is to make bra shopping a delightful experience without breaking the bank,\" she says.The young entrepreneurs say a bra is a complicated piece of work, fitted with over 20 components. Every bra fitter has a set of heuristics or unwritten rules in his head when searching for the best-fitting bra for a woman. \"We baked these unwritten rules into a code and created a system where, when the user shares specific details through a quiz (eg: what breast shape are you?), we are able to determine which set of bras work best for her.\"The questions, says Ramamurthy, are straightforward. In fact, users enjoy taking the quiz, comparing it to a process of self-discovery, curious to see the final set they are recommended. Each bra on True &amp; Co costs $45 ( 2,300 approx). And since the encoders are women, they know the ladies like to try on stuff before whipping out the cash. Before you seal the deal, True offers to courier a selection of bras over for trial, against a refundable deposit.Coding is not new for Ramamurthy, who in 2010, created the Bubblegum photo-sharing application for Microsoft phones using Windows, along with techie husband Sriram Krishnan, while on their honeymoon. \"We fine-tuned it over the Christmas holidays,\" says the gold medallist from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore, who got featured in The New York Times for the invention.Measure your bra size at homeI Measure your band size. Run a tape around your body just underneath your breasts and note measurement in inches. Your arms should be down. If this measurement is an odd number, you should try out bras in the size below your measurement and the size above (If you measure 31, try size 30 and 32). If it's an even number, that's your size. A good test is to check that you can fit no more than a fist under the back of the bra.I Figure your cup size. The best way to do it is by using the bra you currently wear. The cups are sized relative to the band , so if you were to try a smaller band size but keep the same cup size, the cups would be too small. For every band size you decrease, increase the cups by one size (If your current size is 34D, and you measure 28 inches as band size, you should wear a 28F). Check around the cups, in front and sides, for bulging. Make sure the underwires under your arms on the side are sitting on your ribs. If they cut into the sides of your breasts, go for a larger cup size.I Take the mirror test. Put on the chosen bra, turn to one side and check if your bust stands half way between your elbow and shoulder. Put on a T-shirt because it will display any bulges from cups that are too small.Coming soon fitting video guidesHalf the customers at Straps &amp; Strings, a premium lingerie portal that Saurabh and Deeksha Dadu launched in 2010, are men buying lingerie priced between 2,000 and 11,000 for their wives and girlfriends.Internationally, lingerie is one of the most shopped products online. In India, the market for premium and luxury lingerie is nascent, but growing fast. It was after surveying 3,000 young Indian women that the couple launched their portal to retail Lise Charmel, Simone Perele, Chantelle Christies, Mimi Holliday, among other international labels.To help women shop for lingerie online, they offer fitting literature and plan to launch video guides soon. There is a 14-day return and exchange policy. Customers in Delhi can visit their office for a fitting session, or book an appointment with a fitter trained by French specialists, who is available for an at-home consultation.What is your shape?Round: Your breasts are equally round all over.Bottom: Your chest is flatter at the top and wider at the bottom of your breasts.Sides: Place three fingers in the centre of your chest. Your breasts are more than three fingers apart.Sides+bottom: You have wider set breasts that are heavier at the bottom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12818038", "title": "Youth arrested for sexually harassing minor girl", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 22-year-old youth, who allegedly abducted and harassed a 16-year-old girl from Palode near here was arrested by police on Saturday.The youth had allegedly taken the girl to Kulathoopuzha and Arippa and sexually exploited her after giving marriage promises.Based on a complaint from the girl's father, a police team led by Nedumangad DySP P K Mohammed Shafi arrested the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12818485", "title": "Toddy kills tribal man in Gajapati district", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A tribal died and nine others, including a woman, fell sick after allegedly drinking toddy in Gajapati district's Bramhanigaon area on Saturday.\"My husband had drank toddy in the morning. Soon after, he started vomiting and then fell unconscious,\" said Sashikala, wife of one of the sick persons. Additional district medical officer JN Patnaik said as many as 10 persons were admitted to hospital at Bramhanigaon with continuous vomiting. Six of them referred to MKCG Medical College and Hospital in Berhampur as their condition was serious. One of them died on way to the Berhampur hospital. Patnaik added that the condition of the persons undergoing treatment at Bramhanigaon was out of danger.The deceased was identified as Umacharana Behera Dalai (55) of Poiguda village. The Gajapati district collector, Rajesh Prabhakar Patil, has ordered a probe into the incident. tnnand asked the excise officials to conduct laboratory tests on the toddy. \"I have also asked police and excise officials to immediately destroy toddy stocked in the area,\" the collector added.This was the second such incident in southern Odisha within two months. Last month, four persons, including a woman, had died at a village in neighbouring Kandhamal district.Consumption of toddy by the tribal people is a regular feature, particularly during the summer to quench thirst, said an excise official. \"We don't know how it became adulterated. We will inquire into it,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12818287", "title": "Saturday power cuts for city", "text": "NASHIK: As part of its efforts to gear up to face the forthcoming monsoon season, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has launched a pre-monsoon drive across the city. Owing to this, large parts of the city will face a power shutdown every Saturday, sources from the company said.Nashik city has been classified in A-1 category, where load-shedding is implemented only when the situation is critical. Hence, citizens have previously enjoyed uninterrupted power supply. However, on Saturday, the company undertook the task of trimming trees in various parts of the city, due to which power was switched off for nearly four hours at a stretch.\"In June, strong winds are likely to uproot trees, which may fall on electricity lines and cause accidents. To prevent this, the task of trimming trees is undertaken. It is a regular process and strict instructions have been given to ensure that no trees are cut, but only trimmed,\" a senior official said.He said that since load shedding is no longer implemented in the city, there is little time for power men to carry out maintenance. \"This 'shutdown' time is also being used to carry out maintenance of lines,\" the official added.On Saturday, due to the visit of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, the MSEDCL exempted some parts of the city from the power shutdown, while carrying out the planned outage in the rest of the city. On every Saturday for the next few weeks till the rains start, the entire city will face planned outages, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816961", "title": "Boy dies after first birthday celebration", "text": "BANGALORE: The tiny house in Srigandhanagar at Hegganahalli, Peenya was decorated cheerily as N Gangadhar and G Usha celebrated the first birthday of their son Nikhil Gowda on Friday.But tragedy struck when a gas cylinder exploded at night and the entire family sustained burns. Little Nikhil, who sustained serious burn injuries, died on Saturday afternoon while undergoing treatment in Victoria Hospital. His parents, three-year-old sister, uncle and grandfather are still undergoing treatment in Victoria Hospital. Nikhil had suffered than 60% burns.Gangadhar, a gas cylinder loader with a private agency, is a resident of Srigandhanagar. A native of Kunigal in Tumkur district, Gangadhar had relocated to the city five years ago and married Usha four years ago, family members said.Hearing the news of Nikhil's death, hundreds of relatives and friends rushed to the hospital ward, forcing security personnel to lock the gates. \"We avoid public thronging the burns ward as patients are quick to develop infection,\" doctors said.Usha's cousin Nagaveni Krishnamurthy said she participated in the birthday celebrations and returned in evening. \"Gangadhar's father Ningappa came from Kunigal for the ceremony. Ningappa's second son Girish also joined the family in the evening. Usha wanted to cook special rasam for them,\" she said.Around 10.30pm, when the cylinder ran out of gas, Usha decided to use a tiny cylinder, mostly used during emergencies. \"As that cylinder had one knob, Usha decided to connect the cylinder to the main stove. The regulator may have come loose. Within no time, a huge explosion occurred and everybody sustained serious burns,\" Nagaveni said.Neighbours shifted the family to Victoria Hospital around midnight. \"Gangadhar was very happy for his son. He had partied with us on April 20. It's very sad that Gangadhar and Usha lost their son,\" a close relative H Shekharappa said.Doctors need at least 24 hours to comment about their others' condition. \"All of them received more than 50% burns and are under observation,\" doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816609", "title": "Missing forest labourer found killed by tiger", "text": "NAGPUR: The mystery of the missing forest worker from Bor was solved as remains of his body were found within the radius of 500 metres of a water hole near Chinchkhori. Sitaram Wadwe, a permanent forest labourer (van majoor) posted in Pendhri beat of Bor wildlife sanctuary was attacked and eaten by a tigress. Wadwe had gone missing on Friday.As soon as news about Wadwe going missing spread, a group of 35 villagers and forest officials led by Bor assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Uttam Sawant started a combing operation at 6pm. The operation continued up to midnight, but till then, nothing but faint evidences of a tiger attack like scarf, slipper and some hair of the victim were found.The search operation began again on Saturday morning around 7am. Around 10.30am, Wadwe's skull was found. A Ashraf, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director, Pench Tiger Reserve, led the search after 9am. He said, \"We also found Wadwe's pants in which the keys to his vehicle were found.\" Nearly the whole body was eaten by the tiger as only a few body parts of the deceased could be found by the search party. His remains have been sent to Selu primary health centre for post mortem. \"His family will be receiving Rs four lakh as compensation and an additional Rs 50,000 from Pench Conservation Foundation. His wife will be considered for employment in forest department on compassionate grounds,\" Ashraf said.Wadwe, along with two other van majoors, had gone to fill a water hole at 10am on Friday near Chinchkhori. As he was on his bike, he asked his colleagues to proceed, saying he would follow them after filling the water hole and cut the tall grass near the spot. A tigress and her cubs were being constantly sighted near the water hole. Despite knowing this, Wadwe went into the area alone.It is possibly not an incident of a tiger attacking humans. \"Wadwe was in a crouching position and the attack happened from behind. It is quite possible that the tiger mistook him for a prey and attacked him,\" Ashraf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12825867", "title": "Woman flings children into river, commits suicide", "text": "DEHRADUN: A woman allegedly threw her four children into a river here before committing suicide by jumping into the same waters, police said.Three of the children were saved while one is still missing , they said.The incident occurred yesterday in Bhimawala area when the woman, Nikki (35) allegedly pushed her children, one by one into the gushing waters of the river and then jumped in herself, they said.A passing auto driver, in a bid to rescue them, managed to bring out three of the four children and the woman, police said, adding Nikki later died at a hospital.The fourth child is yet to be traced, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817451", "title": "Who helped cops nab Bhanu?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is Madhumohan Reddy, the driver and only witness to the murder of factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri, the covert who tipped off police about Bhanu Kiran's impending visit to Zaheerabad?Police sources said Bhanu, who was in dire need of money, contacted Madhumohan through letters seeking his help. This information was reportedly passed on by Madhumohan Reddy to Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials, who laid a trap and Bhanu walked right into it at Zaheerabad in Medak district.However, an officer, associated with the investigation, dismissed it as a mere rumour. \"We have our own way of tracking movements of an accused. This case is no different,\" the officer said.After murdering Suri, Bhanu, police claim, left the city with Rs four lakh cash, which helped him survive all these months. However, it raises several doubts whether the money was sufficient for his needs since January 2011, especially considering that Bhanu used to change his hideout frequently. CID officials said though Bhanu travelled to various states in the country when police were on his hot pursuit, he never came to Andhra Pradesh.\"For the first time after the murder, he entered the state on Saturday and we nabbed him,\" additional director general of police (CID) Ramana Murthy said at a media conference here on Saturday.He said that Bhanu had been in touch with a few persons, but he did not elaborate on it. Ramana Murthy dismissed the reports that Bhanu surrendered.\"It is not a case of surrender. It is a catch based on intelligence,'' Ramana Murthy said. CID officials denied the involvement of Karthik Reddy, son of home minister P Sabita Reddy, in Bhanu's affairs.Police said Bhanu used to keep track of developments in Andhra Pradesh by reading newspapers online at internet centres.Incidentally, Ramana Murthy took special care to ensure Bhanu did not interact with the media.\"Till now, officially, we did not get any complaint\", Tarun Joshi said. Police said there were no CCTV cameras at the block. It is not the first time that security breach took place at the Secretariat. Recently, sanitary fittings went missing, and several months ago, a laptop belonging to senior IAS officer SP Singh went missing from his cabin.No case was registered yet as the officials of the home department informed the Saifabad police verbally. Security at the Secretariat is taken care by Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827730", "title": "Unhappy Jharkhand Mukti Morcha asks BJP to stick to coalition dharma", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Sunday reminded its alliance partner the BJP to stick to the dharma of coalition politics in the interest of the state.After a closed door meeting of its MLAs at party chief Shibu Soren's residence, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the leader of the JMM legislative party in the assembly, said the BJP should follow the principles of coalition politics and work towards strengthening the alliance in the state.The meeting of the MLAs and core committee members was called to decide the strategy in the wake of the BJP's decision to give ticket to S S Ahluwalia for the Rajya Sabha election. The BJP had not fielded any candidate in the biennial election to the Upper House in Parliament and had extended supported to the JMM candidate in the poll that was countermanded by the Election Commission over allegation of horse trading\"The BJP should keep in mind that its decision should be in the interest of the state and not go against the principles of coalition dharma. We are part of the ruling coalition and every party has an equal responsibility to ensure victory of the candidate of the coalition partner,\" Soren said after the over two-hour meeting. The JMM and the BJP has 18 MLAs each and need support of at least five MLAs even after Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM-P), which has 11 legislators, sticks to its decision to abstain from voting.In case JVM-P legislators vote in the election scheduled for May 3, a candidate will require 27 votes to win.JMM candidate Sanjeev Kumar will file his nomination paper on Monday. At the time of filing of nomination, he will be accompanied by senior party leaders including Hemant.Sources present in the meeting said most of the MLAs present in the meeting were not happy with the BJP decision of fielding Ahluwalia.\"The MLAs asked the party chief to talk to chief minister Arjun Munda and senior BJP leaders and register protest,\" said a source", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817783", "title": "What's cooking: Empty pots &amp; pans drip food for thought", "text": "NEW DELHI: Step inside the foyer in front of the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art, Saket, and you can't help but be taken aback by what you see. It's difficult to tear your eyes away, as you struggle to comprehend it, and can't help but feel dwarfed in its presence. It's a 36 feet by 36 feet installation, weighing 20 tonnes, and made using stainless steel kitchen utensils - it's artist Subodh Gupta's monumental Line of Control, installed in India for the first time.Avid art collector Kiran Nadar first saw the piece in London at the Tate Triennial 2009 at Tate Britain, and she says it immediately overwhelmed her. \"At the centre of a grandiose building was this modern, cutting-edge work of art that created a huge stir among the people then,\" she says. The indelible impact the piece had on her made her acquire it for her personal collection, which she displays at her museum at DLF South Court Mall. The piece - too big to fit inside the actual museum - is placed just outside, and spans almost the entire height and width of the area.The imposing mushroom-shaped cloud form of the installation represents the paradox in Indian reality, says Gupta, who first conceptualized the piece in 2005 but began working on it only in 2006. \"I am very fascinated by these bright utensils. They are shiny, but the emptiness of utensils shows no food. Similarly, one aspect of India may be shining, but other may not,\" he says. But the piece has many different layers that bring it together, he adds. Nadar says it represents the nuclear cloud after Hiroshima , and symbolizes the carnage that can occur.Bringing the installation here from London was a Herculean task and it took months of preparation. The floor had to be reinforced from the basement to be able to withstand the weight of the piece, and it took the crew seven long days to complete the actual installation. \"We received the shipment from UK in four containers, and the process of bringing it to Delhi from the port took months. We had three cranes inside the mall to install the piece. The crew members, who also installed the piece in London, first set up the support structure, and then fixed on to it the 14 or 15 different parts of the installation,\" says Nadar.A strong believer that art needs to be accessible to everybody, Nadar says she hopes people are intrigued to look at the piece carefully and react to it positively. But love it or hate it, it's a piece that is impossible to ignore. \"Maybe we get more footfall at the museum with this work as well,\" she says. Roobina Karode, director, KNMA, says that in installations like this, public participation adds to the experience of the artwork, \"When people circumambulate, or look up at it, they become participants and not just spectators.\" She says she plans to collect public response to the piece, to gauge how different people react to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818663", "title": "UT cement scam: Charges framed against 3 accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court, on Saturday, framed charges against three persons, Harvinder Singh, Jawahar Jindal and his son Harshwardhan for their alleged involvement in UT's cement scam that surfaced in March 2010. The charges against accused were framed under sections 420 (cheating), 409 (criminal breach of trust), and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC by additional district and sessions Judge Shalini Nagpal of district court, Chandigarh. The court, however, discharged the contractor A K Sood, JE Raj Kumar and two other employees of municipal corporation (MC) Chandigarh, Thakur Singh and Chhedi Lal.It was on March 22, 2010, when the vigilance wing of UT police blew the lid off an alleged scam of pilferage of cement from the store of municipal corporation (MC). Six persons, including a contractor were booked in this case. Vigilance bureau had received a tip-off that 200 bags of cement had been loaded in a truck from the cement sub-store of MC in Sector 17. According to the information, the truck was headed for Barwala near Panchkula, late in the night. The government contractor for flooring work, Harshwardhan, had a factory in Barwala. The truck carrying cement of MC was impounded at the Fun Republic barrier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817768", "title": "Team Anna plays down alliance with Ramdev", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Gandhian activist Anna Hazare announced a series of agitations with much fanfare, Team Anna sought to play down the alliance saying there would be no coordinated joint campaign but the two groups would support each other's causes.Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said, ``Anna will participate in Baba Ramdev's day-long fast on June 3 but there is no joint campaign. That has always been our stand and continues to be so.'' Team Anna has been uncomfortable of sharing the platform with the yoga guru in the past.Sources in Team Anna said Ramdev had created a controversy by keeping plans for the campaign a secret. Hazare had a meeting with Ramdev on Friday at Gurgaon following which a press meet was organized about which Team Anna claims to be unaware.At the press conference, Hazare and Ramdev announced agitations starting from May 1 followed by a joint fast at Jantar Mantar on June 3. On May 1, Hazare will start his agitation from Shirdi, while Ramdev will embark on a yatra from Durg in Chhattisgarh.Team Anna members, sources said, expressed their unhappiness at the press meet organized by Ramdev without taking Hazare into confidence about his intentions to announce plans for an agitation.A section of Team Anna has apprehensions about involving Ramdev in the anti-corruption movement as he is seen to suffer from a \"credibility crisis\" due to allegations against his Patanjali Yogpeeth and a close aide. Ramdev's ventures are under the scrutiny of government agencies.The relationship between the two groups has always remained uneasy and the incident has thrown up differences once again. \"If Anna decides on an agitation, nobody will have objections. But the issue here is Ramdev's one-upmanship, he did not take Anna into confidence,\" a Team Anna member said.Team Anna's core committee will be meeting in Noida on Sunday to decide on the future course of action. The issue involving Ramdev is likely to be discussed in the meeting that will be attended by Hazare and other prominent members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12818064", "title": "Mohiniyattom wins a French heart", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Brigitte Chataignier on her first visit to Kerala found the landscape draped in green, the women with long tresses radiating a rustic beauty and a culture rich with arts and traditions. That was in 1987.Chataignier, a French contemporary dancer fell in love with Mohiniyattam at the age of 28. Her first encounter with the Indian culture was when she met her yoga guru at a workshop in France. Eventually, she discovered the Bharatanatyam artist Savitri Nair in France and learned the dance form for a year. \"I was her sole student then. You see, Indian dance forms in France weren't all that popular in the 80s,\" said Chataignier.\"However, I found Bharatanatyam too difficult for my body to maneuver and when I learned that there is another dance form that follows subtle and graceful movements called Mohiniyattam, I decided to get trained in it,\" the dancer smiled.She flew down to Kerala in 1987 to become the student of Kalamandalam Kshemavathy for three years and later she took lessons under Devi Rajappan, Nirmala Panickar, Bharati Sivaji and others. In 1995, she founded the Pran Company in her native country to promote Indian performing arts and contemporary forms. She has also worked with Adoor Gopalakrishnan for a documentary on Mohiniyattam.For Chataignier, performing Mohiniyattam elevates her spiritual energy and brings harmony to her mind and body. \"There is a divine feeling inside me when I perform Mohiniyattam and the dance form demands a certain kind of discipline and constant practice to maintain it within you,\" she explained.\"I have been teaching Mohinyattam in France and have done several stage performances there,\" said Chataignier. \"I shuttle between Mohiniyattam and contemporary dancing and both the cultures are an integral part of me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12816504", "title": "Friend takes exam for another; both arrested", "text": "AKOLA: Two close friends were arrested by the police when one of them was found solving paper of corporate accounting of the BCom second year examination in place of the original student at LRT College centre here on Friday.Sunil Dhage, a resident of the old city, was solving the paper in place of Aakash Kawde in room number 7. Invigilator Dnyandeo Ingle got suspicious when the photo and signature of Dhage did not match with the student who was supposed to appear for the examination. He was caught along with Kawde who was moving on the college premises and handed over to police.Lifer for 2 in murder caseAkola: The sessions court at Khamgaon in Buldhana district has held the two accused guilty and sentenced them to life imprisonment under section 302 of IPC for committing murder on a love affair.Shrikrishna Pande (22) had an affair with the sister of Shankar Misal who disliked such relation. On July 11, 2010, Shankar took Shrikrishna for a party. Vijay Nachan joined them. After the wet party, Shankar and his colleague beat up Shrikrishna and later strangled him to death. Then the body of Shrikrishna was thrown into a well.The evidence of Shrikrishna's cousin Ganesh Pande (13), who had seen the two accused going to a field, helped prove the charge of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827432", "title": "Indo Tibetan Border Police recruitment drive in May", "text": "RANCHI: The Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) Force will launch a special recruitment drive to fill up its sports quota from Jharkhand. The four-day campaign will begin on May 7 at Sukurhutu in Kanke, its director general Ranjit Sinha said on Sunday.The DG also announced that the ITBP had planned more recruitment camps in Jharkhand in the coming months.\"With establishment of ITBP units in Jharkhand and Bihar , the troops of this elite force can be deployed for duty in plains and get respite from high altitude duties,\" Sinha said during the foundation stone laying ceremony of ITBP officers' mess building. The foundation stone was laid by chief minister Arjun Munda .He said the ITBP would help a lot in providing logistic and administrative support to ITBP units in the northeast state and Naxalite-effected states.\"The ITBP is organizing a river rafting expedition named 'Ganga Punardarshan' from Gomukh to Ganga Sagar. This expedition will collect samples of water from every 50 km in the Ganga. These samples will be analyzed in laboratory to check pollution level. These samples along with laboratory reports will be displayed at environment awareness programmes being organized at each city on the bank of the Ganga,\" Sinha said adding that the expedition would pass through Jharkhand in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824144", "title": "Unreal people rule prime time", "text": "Cardboard cutouts and screen perfect characters define the way the lead protagonists are in daily soaps. Whatever happened to real characters like us?In the 80s and 90s Indian telly soaps almost seemed real. The lead characters were not larger than life figures, or they holier than thou, pristine souls, too perfect to be true, but flesh and blood human beings who made mistakes, and were people like us. Cut to the 21 st century and the advent (and success) of saas-bahu sagas brought in the unexpected - pious and long suffering bahus who spent an inordinate amount of time using their lachryimal glands, while the men got reduced to being props. Entertainment television shows now take pride in being OTT caricatures. And surprise, surprise, sometimes it even works. At least the TRPs of these shows are indicative of how the audiences' taste has changed over the years and caricatures and unreal characters are now acceptable.In the technicolour world of daily soaps, you encounter only caricatures - heroines who are painfully passive people, pooja thali in hand, they are draped in mile long ghunghats that never slip off their heads (Gopi Bahu in Saath Nibhana Saathiya, Akshara in Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai , Saroj of Shubh Vivaah , the bahu brigade of Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein, Aartiof Punar Vivah, Jeevika of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, Radhikaof Chhoti Bahu ), the ambitious young girl who wants to carve out a career for herself (Krishna in Afsar Bitiya , Sanchi in Ruk Jana Nahin , Megha in Naa Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, Sandhya of Diya Aur Baati Hum ). Somewhere tucked in between are a handful of perky young women who are not quite towing the typical bahu line and are self-respecting middle-class girl married to a rich and arrogant men who have to educate the hero to her ways of right and wrong (Khushi in Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ?, Pratigya of Mann Ke Awaaz Pratigya, Indira of Hitler Didi , Priya of Bade Achche Lagte Hain , Manyata of Dekha Ek Khwab, Manviof Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai)And the heroes? Well, they are almost conveniently carved out too. He could either be supportive (Suraj of Diya Aur Baati Hum , Mohan of Naa Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha , Dev of Chhoti Bahu , Naitik of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hain , Viren of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, LuckySinghAhluwalia of Parvarish - Kuch Khatti Kuch Meethi) , or the plain arrogant, insufferable tycoon who will be eventually tamed and reformed by the lady he unwittingly and unwillingly falls in love (Ram of Bade Achche Lagte Hai, Arnav of Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ?, Yash of Punar Vivaah , Virat of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai ). There's a third type too! The cheating and adulterous spouses, (Pradeep of Kya Hua Tera Wada, Amrit of Shubh Vivaah, Jagya of Balika Vadhu).Is it any wonder then that cardboard cutouts such as these don't get to experience real lives? The protagonists even go through the same situations, irrespective of the soaps, and channels. Almost all marriages of the couples are forced, very few are consummated until weeks and months of airtime and keeping the audience on tenterhooks, romantic scenes are restricted to heroines falling in the hero's waiting and strong arms, followed by an intense eyelock and flying dupattas that always end on the hero's hand or gets attached to his shirt buttons. In a 20-minute episode, interspersed with TV commercials, the protagonists of the daily soaps have no choice but to be mere puppets whose characters undergo changes as and when the TRPs demands. No wonder than TV dramas symbolise the suspension of disbelief mode. For the non-believers who question the verity of these characters, the remote's a pretty handy device!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827699", "title": "All eyes on Jharkhand Vikas Morcha now for Rajya Sabha poll", "text": "RANCHI: Things seem to fine with the NDA coalition after the JVM (P) announced to abstain from the Rajya Sabha elections slated for May 3. Given the condition, the effective strength of the 81-member assembly will come down to 68 as one seat is vacant and the CPI (ML) legislator has also decided to abstain from voting. This will bring down the number of votes required by a candidate to win the election to 23 against the normal of 27, if all MLAs participate in the voting. In that case, the ruling coalition with 45 legislators will easily garner support of one more MLA to ensure victory of both the BJP and the JMM candidate.The equation has put the NDA allies at ease and they have not yet begun communicating with the partners. The NDA with 18 BJP and two JD (U) MLAs is confident that S S Ahluwalia will bag the support of 18 JMM and five Ajsu MLAs. However if sources are to be believed, the Ajsu has not yet clarified its stand and could be a reason of worry for the ruling coalition. It is understood that the JMM will not hesitate supporting the BJP if it has to get back support for its candidate Sanjeev Kumar in return.Even as the JMM and the Congress candidates are yet to file nomination as the Congress announced to field its state president Pradeep Balmuchu for the elections on Sunday, chances of two representatives being sent to the Upper House unabated were over. Both the JMM and the Congress have Monday as the last date for filing nomination for its candidate.BJP state in charge Harendra Pratap expressed confidence over winning the elections though admitting that a formal meeting with the alliance partners is yet to take place. \"Unless we are sure about the number of candidates in the fray , it will be premature to hold talks for garnering support but the unity of ruling coalition was evident in the previous election that was later cancelled,\" he said.The Congress decision to field a candidate has necessitated an election which is likely to be a tough contest. In case the JVM (P) abstains from the elections, the magic figure of 23 is achievable by all three - the BJP, Congress and the JMM. While the BJP will touch this figure with two MLAs of JD(U), five MLAs of Ajsu and 18 MLAs under party fold, the JMM will have its 18 MLAs, a couple of extra MLAs from Ajsu and independent MLAs Chamra Linda and Videsh Singh taking the total figure to 22 and leaving one more to be arranged.In case of the Congress, the party will have 13 of its MLAs and five of the RJD leaving five more to be arranged from among Geeta Koda, Bandhu Tirkey, Harinarayan Roy, Enos Ekka and Arup Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12817860", "title": "\u2018Italian military prayed for killed fishermen on Easter\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two Sundays back, when the world celebrated Easter, a special mass was simultaneously performed in all military chapels in Italy.Men and women in Italian defence forces prayed for the souls of Jelestine and Ajeesh Pinku, who were killed on February 15 by Italian marines guarding tanker Enrica Lexie.\"We are all sad for what happened on that ill-fated day,\" said Michele Girone, father of Salvatore Girone, one of the two Italian marines now in judicial custody at the central prison here.In an exclusive interaction with the STOI, Michele said: \"As a father and as a son, I can understand the grief of the families of those killed.\"Michele Girone is in the city along with wife Maria, daughter-in-law Vania Girone, Franca Latorre, sister of Lattore Massimiliano - the second marine, and her nephew Christian Dadodario to visit the marines in the prison. The group talked to STOI on Saturday through an interpreter Annabella Mazzaro, an Italian and yoga teacher in the city.Expressing sincere gratitude to the government of India and the prison authorities for extending all help to meet their dear ones in jail, they said they had never expected such a fair treatment to their beloved in the jail.\"He keeps well. He gets Italian food at times but is okay with the Indian food served in prison,\" said Vania who met her husband in the prison. She said Girone and Massimiliano often exchange Italian food with their new friends in prison.Recalling the traumatic phase their families had to undergo following the incident, Franca Latorre said they could survive only because of the overwhelming support they received from all sections of people in Italy.\"The government assured us of all help right from the beginning. The response from the society was massive. People want to express solidarity with the families of soldiers who had landed in such an unfortunate situation while discharging their duty,\" she said.As the issue became a hot debate in the media, the elder son of Girone, who is 10 years old, and the children of Lattore aged 18, 12 and 10, respectively, were apprised of the accident.The younger daughter of Girone, who is five years and the younger daughter of Lattore, who is three years, are the only two who still believe that their fathers are on duty in a faraway place.Both families said they would very much like to meet the family members of Jelestine and Ajeesh Pinku.\"We know that one family is in Kollam and the other is in Kanyakumari. If time permits, we want to meet them and express our heartfelt condolences before we leave,\" said Michelle Girone.Hope gleams in their eyes as they wait for good news that would resurrect their lives from the abyss of uncertainty. But for now the kin will have to wait out till the law takes its course to unknot this tangled diplomatic and legal issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817683", "title": "Gujarat Technological University sets norms for online exam applications", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The GTU has directed that all the colleges should fill the exam forms of students online and submit the final details for MBA and MCA university exams. The exam fee is also to be paid to the GTU through e-challans, a special system where fee payments are made online.Officials said that there are 20,000 MBA students and 10,000 MCA students who are likely to appear in the GTU exams. While MBA colleges have to submit all exam forms online by April 27, for MCA colleges the last date is April 28. GTU officials said that beginning this year, no college will be allowed to submit forms later than the last date mandated by the GTU even if they are ready to pay penalty fee. This will streamline the exam process and prevent unnecessary delays, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817258", "title": "17-year-old shoots self in head, critical", "text": "PUNE: A 17-year-old boy was critically injured after he shot himself in the head at his residence in Chikhali on Saturday morning.The Dehu Road police said that the boy took a licensed pistol belonging to his elder brother to end his life, after his family members told him to stay away from a girl.Police said that the boy and the girl were std XII science stream students at a college in Pimpri. The boy had fallen in love with the girl, but his family members had advised him to give up the relationship and to concentrate on his studies, police stated. Police said that the boy, in a fit of anger, took the 0.32 pistol and shot himself in the temple. His family members rushed him to the Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital.Asha Dube, the hospital's chief executive officer, said that the boy's condition is critical as he had received a bullet injury on the right side of his head. The police have booked the boy for attempting suicide, under section 309 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12818089", "title": "Wedding fouls city stadium", "text": "NOIDA: Flouting the UP government norms that ban the use of stadiums for purposes other than sports, the Noida Authority allegedly let out the Noida stadium for the wedding of the daughter of a local politician. To make matters worse, the guests and organizers heavily littered the stadium with tons of leftover food and garbage was left to rot. Even six days after the wedding, the stadium had not been cleaned and the garbage was stinking. This did not go down well with the residents, who demanded that the stadium be used exclusively for sports activities.Those who frequent the stadium in Sector 21A were in for a shock last Sunday when they could not access the venue, which was decked out for a wedding. As preparations for the event were under way, the stadium remained out of bounds for visitors. \"My wife and I as well as many residents visit the stadium for walks and playing games like cricket, football and badminton. On April 15, we saw that it had been decorated for a wedding within its vicinity,\" said Air Commodore (retd) Pat Singh, who stays in Sector 21. \"Parts of the stadium had been cordoned off and entry was restricted,\" said Singh. \"By the evening, the tent contractors and catering staff had completely taken over the stadium and set up their cooking paraphernalia. The football ground was turned into a makeshift kitchen,\" Singh said.Late in the evening on April 15, traffic around the stadium came to a standstill as several hundred vehicles tried to gain entry to the premises. Even five days after the wedding, mounds of food were found strewn about. \"The food has started to rot, making it impossible for us to walk in the area and for the kids to play,\" said Group Captain Chauhan, another regular visitor.The district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar, M K S Sundaram, confirmed the existence of the GO and the ban on using the stadium for any activity other than sports. He said the stadium was under the purview of the Noida Authority but governed by the GO. When asked about the wedding, he said use of stadium for such events was a \"violation of the norms\". He said he will conduct an inquiry.The citizens of the city, too, expressed concern over the alleged misuse of the sports complex. \"If 'permission' could be granted by the Authority for such events, there would be no end to permission for other cultural, social and private functions in future,\" said a senior advocate. \"Simply creating infrastructure is not sufficient. Facilities should be properly maintained to ensure optimum utilization,\" the advocate said. \"A stadium belonging to the government with special infrastructure for athletes and sportspersons cannot be converted into a banquet hall to hold weddings,\" he said.When TOI contacted the Noida Authority, officials maintained that the stadium was not available on rent for any purpose other than \"games\". On being asked about the 'wedding', an official denied permission being given to anyone for holding a wedding at the stadium. According to sources, the wedding was attended by the heavyweights of the Noida Authority.When TOI spoke to the politician, he confirmed that the wedding was held on Sunday and assured that cleaning operations at the stadium were under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817260", "title": "Suspect escapes from police custody", "text": "PUNE: Sumit Rane (47) of Ratnagiri, a suspect in a cheating case, escaped from the custody of the economic offences wing of the Pune crime branch on Friday night. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the police were driving Rane to a place for investigations. He jumped out of the vehicle after it stopped at a signal near E-square multiplex on Ganeshkhind Road. \"We have launched an inquiry against two policemen,\" Shinde added. The Chatushrungi police have booked Rane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817230", "title": "8-year-old on cycle hit by load auto, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-year-old girl, D Madhumitha of Lakshmi Nagar, was fatally knocked down by a load auto when she was riding her bicycle at Velachery on Friday.Police said Madhumitha, a Class IV student of a private school in Velachery, was returning home after fixing the puncture in her cycle when the accident took place.She had left home at noon to go to a cycle workshop two streets away from her house. When she reached Lakshmi Nagar Fourth Street, she was hit by the load auto. She got thrown on the ground and the cycle fell on top of her. She sustained severe head injuries and was rushed to a private hospital where she was declared brought dead.\"Since it was a narrow lane, the driver who hit the girl could not move the vehicle after the accident took place,\" said an investigating officer. The load auto was returning to a showroom after supplying an airconditioner to a house at Lakshmi Nagar, the officer said.Gunidy traffic investigation police have registered a case under section 304A of IPC (causing death by negligence) and arrested the load auto driver Nagarajan, 39, of Pallavaram. The body has been sent for a postmortem to Government General hospital.\"She was a pampered kid as she was born to couple five years after they got married. She was learning to pedal cycle and was seen practicing for a couple of days,\" said a neighbour.Since it was a narrow lane, the driver who hit the girl could not move the vehicle after the accident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12818484", "title": "Ahluwalia enters Rajya Sabha fray, confident of win", "text": "RANCHI: Outgoing Rajya Sabha MP S S Ahluwalia, who has been renominated by BJP national leaders to contest Rajya Sabha elections from Jharkhand , filed his nomination papers here on Saturday and expressed confidence over winning the poll with the support of allies.None other than chief minister Arjun Munda became the proposer for Ahluwalia. Laxman Gilua, Vimla Pradhan, Gurcharan Nayak, Baijnath Ram, Satyanand Jha Batul, Menka Sardar, Hare Krishna Singh and Raghuvar Das were his other proposers. Munda said the BJP was convinced to win the seat with the cooperation of the alliance partners. \"There is no risk on our government because the NDA being the single largest party with 20 MLAs has the maximum strength in the assembly,\" he said.Ahluwalia reposed faith over JMM chief Shibu Soren and his son deputy chief minister Hemant Soren. \"I have represented this state in the Upper House and have no doubt that our partners will understand the need to strengthen the BJP in Rajya Sabha,\" he said.The BJP leader was the first and the only person to file nomination on Saturday for the election slated for May 3. According to assembly secretariat, Monday is the only working day left for filing papers and other parties will have just one day in hand to file nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12817950", "title": "NMP bets big with coffee exports", "text": "MANGALORE: New Mangalore Port during the last fiscal year handled a record quantity of 1,44,621 metric tonnes (6,786 TEUs) of coffee as against 1,28,378 metric tonnes (6,103TEUs) handled during 2010-11, and registered a growth rate of 12.65%.NMP chairman P Tamilvanan, addressing major coffee exporters in a business meet held at Kushalnagar on Friday, thanked coffee exporters of Karnataka, in particular from Madikeri-Kushalnagar-Hassan-Mysore region.Growth in container traffic is a result of various trade meets/interactive sessions conducted by Port at Madikeri, Kushalnagar, Hassan, Bangalore and Mysore in association with respective chambers and FKCCI, Bangalore in last few years. This has resulted in increased flow of coffee from above region. From 1,378 TEUs (25,550 MT) of coffee handled in 2004-05, there is consistent growth every year which has now reached up to 6,786 TEUs (1,44,621 MT).Karnataka produced 2.27 lakh tonnes of coffee during 2011-12 as against the total coffee production of 3.22 lakh tonnes produced in India, Tamilvanan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816535", "title": "'Parents should bridge the communication gap'", "text": "NAGPUR: Teenagers are the ever growing concerns of parents. With their continuous mood swings and rude behaviour, they go to any extent to get to their parents' nerves. At this point of time, it is the parents who require the counselling to deal with the kids in the right manner.SURJAN organized one such parents' awareness programme Teen Talk at Scientific Society hall on Saturday. The basic idea of the talk was to spread awareness about adolescence and how to be the constant support system to their children. The discussion started with the health and nutrition of children where Dr Vinod Gandhi, paediatrician said, \"Today's child is as active as we were in our times, but comparatively they are busier. Parents should make it a point that children have high iron content in their food. It makes them more energetic and prevents irritability.\"Parents find it difficult to understand the sudden change in the behaviour of their child during teenage and tend to be disturbed about it. Anupama Gadkari, psychologist, explained, \"Teenagers usually go through an identity crisis phase. They go through behavioural changes and tend to have an oppositional and rude attitude. This happens to every child and is an absolutely normal.\"\"In this stage, it is the responsibility of the parents to bridge the communication gap. They need to be open to the child and talk about the changes that he or she is going through, both mentally and physically. Kids need their own privacy in this stage and parents should learn to respect that,\" said Dr Vivek Kirpekar, psychiatrist.Avinash Deoskar, trekker and HRD trainer opined, \"Regular outings with the family play a very important role in the upbringing. A child's mind needs to be explored and participating in activities along with the child creates the opportunities for the same and increases understanding and compatibility in the parent-child relationship.\" \"Parents need to be less demanding and accept, acknowledge and appreciate their child,\" he added.Various other topics like pocket money, peer-pressure, decision making and girl/boyfriend for prestige issue were also discussed in the programme. Dr Vinay Hazare, dean of government dental college and hospital, was the chief guest for the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12818011", "title": "Driving without helmets: 42 motorcyclists die in Q1", "text": "GURGAON: The increasing number of accident deaths involving motorcyclists is a cause for concern for the traffic police. Ironically, in most of such cases the victims were riding without helmets.According to the traffic police, 42 people have already lost their lives in 121 accidents involving bikers in the first quarter of 2012. In the same period last year, 33 bikers had died in 91 accidents. Moreover, accidents involving two-wheelers account for around 50% of the total number of fatal accidents.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"This is a disturbing trend. Police officers have been directed to stringently implement the rules for two-wheelers and challan the violators. Motorcyclists should also know that wearing helmets increases the chances of survival in the event of an accident.\"A policeman said that so far 12,565 motorcyclists have been challaned this year, compared with 7,065 in the same period last year. Traffic police had also launched a campaign in collaboration with petrol pump owners wherein the latter were asked not to sell petrol to motorcyclists without helmets. However, the campaign did not get the desired response.There has also been an overall increase in fatal accidents in 2012. As many as 115 people have lost their lives in 248 road accidents in the first quarter of this year. The corresponding figures for 2011 were 80 deaths in 243 accidents.The number of fatal and non-fatal accidents stood at 111 and 137 respectively for the first quarter of 2012, while in the corresponding period of the previous year 82 accidents were fatal and 161 were non-fatal.Police data reported an increase in accident cases during the daytime as compared to nighttime. A total of 174 accidents took place during daytime and 74 of them were reported at night. Police attributed their anti-drunk driving campaign for the fall in accidents during night hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817962", "title": "High gold prices mar jewellers' Akshay Tritiya", "text": "KOLKATA: Even an auspicious occasion like Akshay Tritiya has failed to lift the spirits of jewellers in the city. With the price of gold ruling at an all-time high, chances of a profitable Akshay Tritiya are slim, feel gold traders.All those glittering gold are not bringing so much of shine to the lives of the jewellers who trade this yellow metal. With the price of gold ruling at an all time high, chances are bleak that this Akshay Tritiya will usher in some brighter hopes for the jewellery traders.\"Sales are very poor. This Akshay Tritiya I don't foresee any good turnout of people. It's an auspicious day and people do buy on that particular day. But I am sure quantity of buying will be much less this year,\" said Prakash Pincha, a city-based wholesaler and exporter.While last year during Akshay Tritiya the price of gold was Rs 21,700 per 10 grams, this year it has escalated to Rs 28,420.Akshay Tritiya is one of the most auspicious days in the Hindu calendar. The popular belief is that since the word 'Akshay' means imperishable, valuables bought on that day bring good fortune and success. People, hence, buy gold on this particular day.Gold price was hovering around Rs 21,700 per 10 grams last year April during Akshay Tritiya and now it is at Rs 28,420 per 10 grams.But following the age old tradition people buy gold in Akshay Tritiya, one of the most auspicious days in the Hindu calendar. The popular belief is that, since the word, Akshay means imperishable, valuables bought on that day will bring good fortune and success to the house.But this year, the situation might be different. Gora Roy Chowdhury of MP Jewellers believes that jewellers will not have too many reasons to cheer because of the rise in gold prices. that this Akshay Tritiya will surely not bring in some bright sunny morning to the lives of any jewelers as the price is ruling at an all time high.\"Nowadays, the market is completely offer-driven. It is no longer necessity-driven. During Akshay Tritiya demand is very high and naturally prices also go up,\" said Roy Chowdhury. Although the number of footfalls on such an auspicious day may double, but it is unlikely that it will convert into buying, felt the jeweller. Volume of sales will be lower compared to last year, he added.He feels that volume of sales will be lower than last year. Roy Chowdhury said although the number of footfall on such an auspicious day might double, but it is unlikely that all those will convert into buying numbers as the price of gold is very high.Some city jewellers were positive and felt the recently-concluded jewellers' strike may work in their favour. UK Chandra, one of the directors at PC Chandra Jewellers, said: \"We expect good turnout on Akshay Tritiya as the jewellers were on strike for 21 days and there is pent-up demand.\"Despite the steep rise in price, UK Chandra, one of the directors at PC Chandra Jewellers said: \"We expect good turn out on Akshay Tritiya as the jewelers were on strike for 21 days and there is pent up demand.\"Besides gold, people also buy silver utensils and gift items on Akshay Tritiya. Yatish Somaiya of Vipin Jewellers, which trades in silver mostly, who trade in silver mostly,said since the gold price has sky-rocketed, many are opting for silver as a substitute for stone- studded jewellery. He, however, admitted that even silver price has increased in the past few years and it stands at Rs 55,560 per kilogram.In Akshay Tritiya many buy silver utensils and gift items also. Yatish Somaiya of Vipin Jewellers, who trade in silver mostly, said as gold price has sky-rocketed, many are opting for silver as a substitute for stone studded jewelleries. But he admitted that even silver price has increased in the past few years and it is now at Rs 55,560 per kilogram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818724", "title": "Falling hair can turn plants greener", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Did you know that your falling hair strands could turn plants greener. Unraveling mysteries on the planet earth, a Panjab University senior ecologist has shown how human hair can be turned into the \"best quality and most effective fertilizer\" for plants using earthworms.Drawing a clue from a situation that was an environmental hazard in reality to now turning it into environment's benefit, R K Kohli, professor and coordinator of PU's centre for environment and vocational studies, has got a patent for \"preparation of organic fertilizers from human hair and bird feathers\".A problem that cropped up in North Karnataka, where an entire village suffered from asthma due to hair dust and a hair industry operating in the region, triggered concern among ecologists across the country. \"Since hair is used for carbon dating to map how old a body is, it gave us a clue that while hair would not decompose beneath the earth's surface, on the earth's crust however, they perish. This was due to the dearth of oxygen beneath earth's surface,\" says Kohli. He then worked on cellulose and used earthworms that decomposed human, animal hair and even birds feathers into excellent manure.\"This is rich in Nitrogen and is among the best quality fertilizer. The same organic waste which was earlier a menace, can now be turned into an advantage,\" adds Kohli, who did this research along with Prikshit Bansal of NIPER, Mohali. It took the waste close to 45-60 days to decompose fully and be put to use in plants for richer growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818214", "title": "New purifiers to ensure clean water", "text": "LUDHIANA: If all goes as planned, you might get clean drinking water soon. The municipal authorities have finally decided to purchase new and better chlorinators for water purification.It has been many months that such apparatuses, installed on tubewells, have been non-functional, some situated in posh areas.TOI had highlighted some time ago that 171 of the 270 chlorinators were defective.Authorities have realized the need of technical maintenance but are yet to hand over the responsibility to a private company.Healthy living is at risk due to no chlorination, especially as the days keep getting warmer, and gastroenteritis cases are being reported. Officials had initially planned repairs but now decided to buy new chlorinators to do away with any possibility of an epidemic during monsoon.Discussing the idea, additional commissioner who heads the operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, \"250 chlorinators would be bought probably in the first week of May and installation shall be hastened. He said the authority requires experts to handle the year-long maintenance work for which, a private company will be roped in.According to sources, areas including E, H and I block of BRS Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Barewal, Shere Punjab Nagar, Pink Park, Vishal Nagar, Joginder Nagar, Gogi Market, Ranjodh Park, Kapil Park, Jandu Chowk, Pritam Nagar and Laxman Nagar need immediate attention.Water is unclean most of the time and this has worried residents, who have no choice but to consume the contaminated supply.Homemaker from Kitchlu Nagar Mona Arora remarked: \"Measures should have been taken earlier and things could have been better. Chlorination is a must if the people are to stay hale and hearty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817831", "title": "Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg closure: Traffic diversion at ITO adds to IPL chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of closure of a carriageway on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg because of Metro's Phase III construction led to traffic snarls at various junctions on all roads leading to ITO on Saturday. Several people were taken aback at the ITO intersection when traffic cops re-routed them to get to Delhi Gate. Many heading to Firoz Shah Kotla stadium for Saturday's IPL match were stranded for long in traffic and then had to wait to park on Mata Sundari Lane and Kotla Marg.The crowd moving to the stadium was affected the most. \"We got late for the match trying to look for parking. Though we knew about the traffic closure, there is heavy traffic on all diversions. We also had to walk a lot as we got parking at the beginning of Mata Sundari Lane,\" said Nitish Munjal, who came to watch the Delhi Daredevils-Pune Warriors match with his family.Many were, however, not aware of the road being closed. \"The ITO intersection is clogged with so many vehicles and buses taking the detour. We did not know about it and did not anticipate that it would take us so long to get towards Delhi Gate. It's a huge mess. I hope traffic becomes smooth soon as we have to bear it for two years,\" said Meena Ahuja.But some did not face much trouble. \"We knew that Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg was closed. So we came directly from Barakhamba Road towards Minto Road. We did not try coming to the ITO junction at all as we anticipated that it's going to be clogged,\" said Devesh Dobryal, who was also heading to the stadium.Rajat, who came to ITO with his friend, also said he got parking as soon as he reached and did not face much trouble. \"But I think walking on the Kotla Marg stretch is going to be difficult as traffic has increased a lot,\" he said.Many people who got off the bus or auto at the ITO intersection walked through the empty stretch of Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg to get towards Delhi Gate. \"Traffic was heavy especially on the ITO intersection. It's because it is the first day of this change. After a few days, I think, it will settle down,\" said Sanjeev Haldar, a supervisor at the Metro work site.The carriageway from the ITO junction towards Delhi Gate on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will be closed to traffic for the next two years because of the work on the underground ITO station. Anticipating heavy traffic, DDU Marg, Vishnu Digambhar Marg and Kotla Marg have already been widened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817501", "title": "Congress to placate Mamata with bailout package?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress indicated that Mamata Banerjee was likely to get some sort of central package, pointing out that its newly-laid bottom-line is to keep the UPA afloat and would not let the issue flare up into a confrontation.Banerjee's 15-day ultimatum to fulfill her demand for a financial package evoked a conciliatory tone from Congress. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"Every CM has legitimate expectations for his state. If Bengal CM has certain demands from the Centre, we are sure the government would view them constructively and talk to her.\" He even said that demands made by CMs should not be viewed as \"threats and ultimatums\".\"By no stretch of imagination is it illegitimate to articulate aspirations of one's state,\" he added.Congress also backed her in launching a TV channel and newspaper to counter biased media coverage of state government. Tewari said another public broadcaster would lend sobriety to an otherwise hysterical TV discourse, calling it the state's legitimate right to disseminate views to the public.Banerjee's ultimatum to the Centre did not trigger the usual concern. The party leaders said Centre had accepted demands from allies in the recent weeks and Trinamool's diktat on package was part of a similar wish-list.In March, DMK managed to reverse the national policy on Sri Lanka by getting India to support a resolution on human rights violations and the Centre also acceded to Trinamool's demand to sack railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in the middle of railway budget.While the arm-twisting threatened to dent the PM's authority, Congress accepted them as it felt politically enfeebled by defeats in key assembly elections and BJP too stepped in to woo volatile UPA allies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816824", "title": "Congress dissidents renew attack on Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: In a renewed attack on chief minister Ashok Gehlot's style of functioning, senior Congress legislator Col Sonaram Chaudhary has said that the party was likely to repeat its 2003 assembly and 2004 Lok Sabha polls rout if the 2013 assembly elections were also fought under the \"same leadership\".Speaking after legislator Chaudhary, Congress state president Chandrabhan said the party high command needed to \"make its stand clear\" on senior leaders publicly going against the party line and hitting out against the leadership.Congressmen's statements made separately before the media on Saturday have once again highlighted the growing dissidence within the ruling party that was already struggling to contain controversies like the Gopalgarh police firing incident, burning alive of a police officer at Surval and the arrest of two of its legislators in the Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder case. The ruling party has earned the Muslim community's ire in the Gopalgarh and Surval cases, while it has irked the Jat and the Bishnoi communities in the Bhanwari Devi case.\"In the 2003 assembly elections, we were reduced from 156 seats to just 56 seats. In the 2004 general elections, we could win only four out of 25 seats in Rajasthan. If that same leadership is repeated in the 2013 elections, I feel the party would not fare well,\" legislator Chaudhary said, referring to the leadership of chief minister Gehlot under whom the Congress contested the 2003 and 2004 elections in the state.Chaudhary, who represents Barmer's Baytoo constituency, is among the nearly two-dozen legislators who have come together to oppose Gehlot for his style of functioning. Majority of these legislators have got an audience from Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi's political advisor Ahmed Patel, party affairs' in-charge for Rajasthan Mukul Wasnik and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi . The bunch of these disgruntled legislators is now seeking appointment from Sonia Gandhi to give a feedback on the Gehlot government. \"Bureaucrats are running the real show in this government,\" Chaudhary said.Congress state president Chandrabhan declined to comment on legislator Chaudhary's statement, but mentioned that he has asked the party high command to 'act' on such developments. \"Action against senior leaders can be taken by the high command only,\" Chandrabhan said.The party state president said he raised the issues of indiscipline with the Congress high command during his visit to New Delhi early this week. \"I requested the high command to clear its stand on matters like senior Congressmen speaking against the party leaders or taking stands against the party lines. Such matters harm the party,\" Chandrabhan told reporters at the party headquarters here on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12816685", "title": "Sari gets pink slip, suit rules job market", "text": "MUMBAI: Time was when placement season at B-schools mostly resembled wedding receptions-young men in sharp suits and ladies draped in elegant saris in a campus readied up for the big day. But that's changed now for women, with most not prepared to go the whole nine yards.Take a cursory look around India Inc where the most visible women CEOs occupy the corner office and you will almost always see a sari-clad boss, be it a Shikha Sharma at Axis Bank , Chanda Kochhar at ICICI Bank, Naina Lal Kidwai at HSBC or Meera Sanyal at RBS. But recruiters visiting top B-schools over the last few years say that the sari as formal attire has all but disappeared during placement time, giving way to western business suits.The shift is generational, no doubt , but also triggered in part by the MNC culture. Sameer Wadhwan VP, HR, Coca-Cola India &amp; South West Asia, describes it as a function of evolution. He says that over the years since liberalization and the entry of MNCs into India, a person's professionalism, value systems and employability in a globalized world have also been determined by the person's attire, which has somewhere been catalyzed by the MNC culture. That's the same reason why western outfits are now seen more commonly at interviews. Besides, there's also the convenience factor-pantsuits, being more manageable, help when one has to run from one interview to another.A CEO, who is part of the sari brigade, believes it's a generational shift which has been influenced in part by media consumption. \"There is perhaps a misplaced perception among youngsters that the more global they look, the more global the mindset attributed to them will be,\" she says. \"So they are only dressing in a way that they feel will advance their careers.\"The faculty at the top B-schools has also watched this trend grow. \"In the last few years, there has been an increasing acceptance of western wear due to a variety of reasons-convenience, the 'professional' look and greater acceptability internationally,\" says Siddharth Singh, tenured associate professor of marketing at Indian School of Business, Hyderabad.He also describes it as a general attitudinal shift towards dressing in what one is 'comfortable' in. \"Saris by their very nature are relatively more involved, both in the draping as well as in the handling throughout a day's work,\" he says as a reason for the low acceptance of this elegant garment of late.Devi Singh, director of IIM-Lucknow, agrees that the use of the sari has reduced drastically. Describing it in part as the new way of life, he says that whether it is ease of use or low maintenance or the fact that draping a sari takes longer, business suits have overtaken it. It's a trend that cuts across cities. \"Today about 5% of lady students wear a sari, and most students have made the shift keeping the comfort factor in mind,\" says Uday Salunke, director of Welingkar Education.Indira Parikh, the only women director of an IIM, who now heads a B-school in Pune, has an interesting tidbit to convey on why the sari used to be a favourite at least among the postergirls of India Inc. About 30 years ago, Parikh researched gender issues in a top FMCG company and found that as women moved up the ranks, their dressing included more of saris and salwar-kameez. Pants were for the juniors.Things have obviously changed. It's not as if sari-wearing has gone down only in B schools-most corporates reveal a similar trend. \"The change in attire is evident even in offices. Women prefer the salwar kameez or western attire and only on select occasions do they wear saris,\" says an HUL spokesperson. It's not clear if the trend has had a limiting impact on the market dynamics of the sari industry. TOI's efforts to get a drift proved futile as an email sent to ascertain the growth of the market to one of the top sari manufacturers in the country-Garden Vareli-went unanswered. Maybe therein lies an indication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817460", "title": "Paediatric TB a major concern in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state's 2011 Tuberculosis (TB) data has thrown up a major concern for the health machinery. That just about 4% of the total 1.12 lakh TB cases diagnosed last year account for children has left the officials worried. They say that as against the national average that pegs paediatric TB cases at 7%, the state's 4% figure only reflects the loopholes in the detection process, that is leaving almost 50% of the cases undiagnosed. According to officials, paediatric TB is turning out to be a major threat cutting across social strata.Of late, it has been observed that the commonest routes through which TB is spreading among children are schools and caretakers at affluent homes. Dr Pradyut Waghre, consultant, chest diseases, Apollo Hospital, who has come across several such cases, says that children from middle and upper middle class families are bound to be misdiagnosed for, even now it is thought that TB is a poor man's disease. \"They are treated for asthma instead,\" he says.Specialists say that parents from affluent families refuse to accept that their child has TB and also try to hide their child's status. This attitude of parents can prove to be dangerous as these infected children can spread the infection to their schoolmates easily. Health practitioners suggest that awareness among parents is crucial. They need to be told that it can be cured though the treatment period is long, spanning six to eight months. Awareness about cough hygiene is equally important, say doctors.Factors like crowded living areas and huge malnourishment rate are augmenting the TB risk. This apart, officials say that the government sponsored DOTS strategy is directed towards adults and the children are largely ignored. Only trained health care practitioners and workers can diagnose the infected children but the state faces a huge shortfall of skilled practitioners. \"It is extremely difficult to diagnose tuberculosis in children, unlike in adults, and the low knowledge among many health workers of the symptoms of the disease is leading to at least 50% of the cases being missed or misdiagnosed,\" says an official.Those associated with the TB control programme rue that in the public sector, peadiatricians are not accessible at the primary health care level while in area and district hospitals, their real time presence is not what is actually presented on paper. They say that not just private hospitals but even in government medical colleges, a large section of practitioners avoid prescribing the DOTS regimen. \"The Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP) has got small tablets for children but when it comes to prescribing them, doctors are less than willing to cooperate,\" says Dr Chetan C Purad, WHO consultant for TB.Furthermore, state health officials say that as per WHO recommendations, once an adult has been diagnosed with TB, the child contacts should be identified and treated. But this advice is also being overlooked in Andhra Pradesh.Experts insist that the government needs to launch a dedicated programme for children and sensitize the health workers. India ranks among the top three high TB burden countries in the world with every fifth TB patient hailing from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817322", "title": "Swamy Agnivesh asks Maoists, govt to come forward for talks", "text": "BHOPAL: Social activist Swamy Agnivesh, who in the past had mediated with the Bastar Maoists and the state government to secure the release of abducted policemen, on Saturday appealed to the rebels not to bodily harm the abducted IAS officer, saying that they should come forward for talks.\"The first priority is to secure his safe release. I will appeal to Maoists not to bodily harm Alex Paul Menon. I will also appeal to chief minister Raman Singh to direct the security forces to exercise restraint\", he told TOI over telephone. \"Both the sides must be ready for talks. There has to be sincere efforts to secure the safe release of the young IAS officer\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12816798", "title": "Yet another student from Andhra killed in US", "text": "NEW YORK: A 24-year old Indian student from Odisha, pursuing a management degree in Boston University, was shot dead near his campus by an unidentified assailant.The student, whom a Boston police official identified as K Seshadri Rao, was shot in the head and leg in the early hours of April 19. Rao originally hailed from Andhra but his family had settled in Odisha.The police said they had got a call around 3am on April 19 about a body lying in front of a house nearly a mile from the campus in Brighton, a residential area just off the busy Commonwealth Avenue in Boston. When police reached the spot, the victim was receiving medical assistance from the Boston Fire Department as he was suffering from severe head trauma.He was later pronounced dead at the scene. Rao is the fourth victim of homicide in Boston in the past week. Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik strongly condemned the killing and said he would take up the matter with the ministry of external affairs.Rao was to complete an 18-month-long course next month and was offered a three-month paid internship in a company. His father K Sudhakar Rao, is a bank employee in Odisha.Rao's father said that he was informed by officials of the external affairs ministry. \"I got a verification call from the external affairs ministry about the body around 2am on Thursday night,\" a tearful Sudhakar Rao said.Seshadri, survived by his parents and a brother, had studied in Jeypore and Cuttack before getting a B Tech degree from the National Institute of Technology (NIT) in Karnataka.The University's Facebook page was flooded with messages of condolences for Rao besides students expressing concern over security in the campus.Police commissioner Edward Davis said police were stepping up patrols across the city in neighbourhoods affected by the surge in violence in recent days that has left several others injured. Davis did not comment on whether Rao was targeted by some gang or if the attack was random or due to race hatred.He said investigators were pursuing several leads. No arrests have been made in the case yet. Deputy superintendent Kevin Buckley said just over half the cases this week appear to be gang-related, but they did not provide specifics.Preliminary investigation indicated that Rao was suffering from gunshot wounds.\"We have added patrols for the neighbourhood and detectives continue to look for clues in this tragic incident,\" Boston Police captain James Hussey said.In a statement, university president Robert Brown said Boston police and university police were investigating the circumstances of the \"dreadful crime\" which he said appeared to be an isolated incident. \"We are deeply saddened at the loss of one of our students. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victim's family and friends. And we are outraged at this crime,\" Brown said. \"I want to assure all students, whether they live on campus or off campus, that public safety is a priority for this institution,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12824544", "title": "Meaning of word 'sexy' has undergone a change: NCW chief", "text": "BHOPAL: National Commission for Women (NCW) Chairperson Mamta Sharma whose remark that the word \"sexy\" should not be taken in a negative connotation had sparked a controversy, today said that she stood by her statement on the issue.\"I have not withdrawn my statement and I stood by it. With time the meaning of such words also changes,\" Sharma told reporters when asked on the issue.She was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a programme organised by an NGO here.When further pressed on the issue, Sharma retorted by asking mediapersons whether they agree with the kind of vulgar content being shown on television these days.\"Today nobody can watch television programmes at home with his/her family, but nobody said anything about it,\" she said.When asked whether she supports West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , who recently appealed people to not watch news on television, Sharma said she did not endorse the chief minister's announcement of launching a news channel and a newspaper.The NCW chief had drawn the ire of women's rights activists over her remark at a function in Jaipur in February that the word \"sexy\" meant \"beautiful and charming\" and should not be taken in a negative sense.\"I was positive in my approach so I said that. One should take it in a positive sense,\" she said.However, when reporters tried to corner her on her argument, she virtually ended the press conference at that point and got up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827212", "title": "Five missing minors found", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of Karchana police traced as many as five minors - who were reported to be missing - near Kachar area on Sunday. Suresh Kumar Saini, Karchana station officer, claimed that these children, including three boys and two girls, had run away from their homes.The rescued children named as Sarita Devi, 8, Shivani, 7, Nanka, 7, Ajeet Dhar, 8, and Lalji, 10, are all residents of Bhabahuri village in Bhadohi. Reportedly, they had run away from their respective homes on April 18. Following this, a missing complaint was lodged with police in Bhadohi.The SO told TOI that after interacting with the minors, the police came to know that a man, identified as Rajkumar , a resident of Meja, had tried to lure these children away from their native village. \"The police carried out a search operation for Rajkumar, but in vain. On the other hand, the kids are unable to explain how they ended up so far away from their homes,\" the SO said.\"We have already informed the Bhadohi police about the rescue operation. A team of cops, along with the parents of the rescued kids have arrived in the city to take the kids back home,\" the SO added.According to police, some of the children's relatives live in an industrial area of the district. Also,the man who made an abortive attempt to lure away these children had stayed in Bhabahuri village for quite some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12818195", "title": "Green ministry backs villagers facing eviction in Tamil Nadu elephant corridor", "text": "New Delhi: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has sprung to the aid of villagers caught in a battle between hotel industry and wildlife groups, who are fighting for securing the Sigur elephant corridor that cradles between several wildlife sanctuaries in Tamil Nadu .In an affidavit filed before the Supreme Court, MoEF has opposed the Madras High Court order asking everyone to hand over their land in the corridor in disregard to provisions of the Land Acquisition Act.The ministry has noted that there are more than a dozen villages in the corridor, housing around 200 farmers along with tourist resorts and other private landowners. Besides, there are another 700 families, who are mostly dalits and tribals and are dependent on the land for their livelihood.The MoEF has pointed out that the rights of the occupants have not been settled under the Forest Rights Act.The \"recommendation to take over the entire land area of the corridor is questionable in view of the large proportion of local communities inhabiting this area and also in view of protection provided under the Forest Rights Act,\" the ministry has said.Challenging the HC order to remove the occupants and others summarily, the ministry has said that if the directive is upheld without alteration by the apex court, \"It would set a precedence where judicial intervention instead of democratic processes established under law of the land, could be used to take over many patches of lands - revenue and private - without settlement of rights in the name of conservation.\"MoEF has suggested other options such as ecologically sensitive areas, community reserves and community resources under the various existing laws. It has also pointed out that there are competing claims and interests in the land that belong to revenue department, infrastructure sector, resort owners and subsistence forest dwellers.\"In considering the question holistically, it needs to be considered if the state government can evict thousands of people, many of whom own and or access lands in the Sigur area under a range of laws protecting their rights,\" said the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827320", "title": "Minister Waqar Ahmad Shah assures to address bidi workers demands", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The UP Bidi Workers Representatives welcomed state labour minister Waqar Ahmad Shah on Sunday. It was Shah's first visit to the city after becoming the minister in Akhilesh Yadav's government.Bidi workers handed over a five-point charter of demands to the labour minister. The minister listened to the grievances of workers and assured them that he will look into them.The minister had arrived here to address a conference of the Bidi workers organised jointly by Bidi Udyog Karmachari Union Uttar Pradesh and UP Bidi Mazdoor Federation.Representative from different districts of the state participated in the conference. Their demands include revision of minimum wages, entry tax on bidi prepared in other states, action against contractors who violate minimum wage norms and other benefits under welfare schemes, free land allotment and placement of bidi workers in the below poverty line category.Earlier, the conference by a unanimous resolution condemned the Central government for its anti-labour policies.By another resolution, the conference decided to resort to state level agitation from June 11. State president of the union Iqbal Husain presided over the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817104", "title": "Bahuguna 94th birth anniversary on April 25", "text": "The 94th birth anniversary of former chief minister of UP late Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna will be celebrated at Capitol Hall, opposite GPO on April 25 from 10 am. Former governor Mata Prasad will be the chief guest, while additional solicitor general of India Ashok Nigam will be the special guest at the function, informs Pradip Srivastava, general secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Smriti Samiti, UP.Blood donation camp: The local unit of Sant Nirankari Mandal is organising a blood donation camp at Sant Nirankari Satsang Bhawan, 1-D, Singar Nagar here on Sunday from 9.00 am under the supervision of a team of doctors from SGPGI and CSM medical university, Lucknow. According to SP Singh, media incharge of the Nirankari Mandal, the blood donation camp is being organised in memory of Nirankari Baba Gurubachan Singh, who laid down his life on April 24, 1980 to uphold the cause of truth, peace and tolerance.Ensure maximum availability of electricity: Reacting to the reported decision of the state government of providing 10-hour electricity supply to the rural areas of the state, the BJP said that since electricity is essential for the development of the state, Samajwadi Party government should ensure its maximum availability in the state. State BJP spokesperson Manoj Mishra in a statement reminded the SP government that during assembly elections the party had promised to ensure adequate power in the state. He said that there is a great difference between the demand and supply in electricity, as a result of which not only the rural areas but even cities are facing large power cuts. The BJP leader also asked the state government as to what steps it has taken to start the Dadri power project.Gold coin sale at head post offices: Chief postmaster, Lucknow GPO, Neyaz Ahmad on Saturday said that on the auspicious occasion of 'Akshay Tritiya' beginning on April 24, the department of posts has announced to give 6% special discount to all its customers. He said that this special discount will be available at all head post offices in UP and GPO in Lucknow on April 24 only. He said that gold coins of .5 gm, 1 gm, 5 gm, 8 gm, 10 gm, 20 gm and 50 gm of 24 carat and 99.99 purity will be available for sale in GPO, Lucknow and at all head post offices in UP.Annual convention: The annual convention of Lucknow district unit of Sanchar Nigam Executives' Association (India) on 'Challenges before BSNL in the competitive era' was organised at Umanath Bali auditorium on Saturday. More than 200 delegates including senior officials took part in the convention. Addressing the convention, the speakers while drawing the attention of BSNL management for removing policy-related anomalies also appealed to it to address the BSNL employees' other long standing demands amicably. Trade union leader RC Tripathi urged the employees to work hard to root out rampant departmental corruption.Vaccination awareness: To create awareness about importance of vaccination among the people, Research India, a voluntary organisation, inaugurated its vaccination scheme here on Saturday. Dr AP Dixit, inaugurated the scheme said that Research India had successfully conducted various vaccination programmes in UP, Uttarakhand , Bihar , Jharkhand , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Punjab and vaccinated the people against various diseases like Hepatitis-B, AIDS, children diseases etc. He said that the present scheme would prove to be a milestone in creating awareness among the people about different vaccination to reduce death rate in the country.Singer's death condoled: Various artistes' associations condoled the death of a noted singer and music composer Ravi Nagar, who was associated with Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) since long time. Nagar passed away on Saturday. His last rites will be performed in the city on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12818335", "title": "Vigilance wings to be brought under one umbrella", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the state had decided to bring the vigilance wings of all government departments under a single umbrella to combat corruption in a better way.He also said strict action would be taken against those who forge judicial stamp papers.He was speaking after inaugurating the 18th state convention of the All Kerala Document Writers and Scribes Association (AKDW &amp; SA) in the municipal town hall on Saturday.\"Forging judicial stamp papers is a crime similar to that of the making fake currency. The government will bring in strict laws to check this,\" the home minister said.Thiruvanchoor said there were lakhs of landless people in the state though the Kerala Land Reforms Act had been implemented.Thousands had been allotted money to buy land, but they were unable to buy land with the amount as the price of land was skyrocketing, he said.The minister also sought the cooperation of document writers in modernizing the Registration Department. No one will lose his/her job in the process, he said, and added that discussions would be held with document writers in this connection.AKDW &amp; SA state president K S Eppan presided over the function. Legislator Mons Joseph and O M Dinakaran, the vice-president of Deed Writers' Association of India, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817278", "title": "No sign of cop named in suicide note of youth", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are yet to trace Charkop inspector Pravin Patil who was named by a 26-year-old in his suicide note.Charkop youth Nikesh Bhandari had committed suicide on the railway tracks in Virar and blamed a group of local guys and the police for pushing him over the edge. In his suicide note, Bhandari said the police, especially Patil, were shielding the youths who had attacked him.The zonal deputy commissioner of police had started preliminary probe to ascertain the officer's role in the case.The case was transferred to the crime branch for further investigation after Nikesh's family met home minister R R Patil and told him that they had little faith in the local police.According to the police, Nikesh's brother had the dispute with the accused. After the accused attacked Nikesh's brother, a complaint was lodged. Patil had called Nikesh's brother to the police station to record his statement, but this upset Nikesh. Nikesh was known to the accused, said an officer. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12817874", "title": "Smartphones are spelling doom for internet caf\u00e9s in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: The advent of smartphones and internet-enabled cellphones might have made life easy for netizens on the go, but it has spelt doom for those owning internet cafes here.With less or no patronage, many internet parlours in the city have shut. The development is reminiscent of how commerce institutes -- that taught typewriting and short-hand - made way to computers.Most of the internet cafes are now being converted into travel agencies, stationery shops or those selling confectionary. Some of them have turned into gaming zones, attracting children to online games.According to those owning internet cafes, easy access to web on cellphones, made possible through 3G and wi-fi technology, is the main reason for fewer customers. Three to four years ago, there was good patronage for internet parlours, but it's not the same now.Some owners of internet cafes said earlier, people used to queue up at their centres for chatting and browsing. \"But now, only a few of them come to us, mostly for downloading and gaming,\" they add.\"Initially, I had good business. But with the advent of smartphones and internet-enabled phones, my business has come down by 50%,\" said K R Santosh, who runs Renaissance Internet Centre in Bogadi here.To compensate this, Santosh is into selling cellphone recharge coupons, accessories and peripherals. He is also into system servicing.Similar is the plight of Vishwanath of Cyber Net in Yadavagiri. \"Business was good when I started this centre. But with most of the people having internet connection at home, the number of customers has come down,\" he added.Admitting the trend, Andrey Robert, a techie, said he used to await his turn at the internet cafe to browse some years ago. But not any more. \"But now, I have a lot of options on my cellphone itself,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817871", "title": "Plea for in-camera trial of Lt Gen Bikram Singh's case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of Monday's hearing in the Supreme Court on a PIL seeking stay of the Centre's decision to appoint Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief, petitioners former Navy chief Admiral L Ramdas, ex-Chief Election Commissioner N Gopalaswamy and others have requested for an in-camera hearing.The petitioners' counsel sent a letter to the registry requesting the court to consider conduct an in-camera hearing on the vital issues raised in the petition.The petitioners had shunned publicity to the PIL that was filed on April 4. Given the nature of allegations and personalities involved in the alleged premature superannuation of Army chief Gen V K Singh and the unusual promotion of Lt Gen Vikram Singh as the next Chief of Army Staff (COAS), the petitioner feel it would be in public interest to conduct an in-camera hearing before the court takes a prima facie view on the PIL.On Friday, the Union government had filed a caveat to pre-empt the petitioners from taking any ex-parte order on the PIL, which had alleged a \"communal conspiracy behind\" the rejection of Gen V K Singh's claim for revision of his date of birth and accused three former senior Army officials and others, including ex-Army chief J J Singh, presently the governor of Arunachal Pradesh , of masterminding the operation to clear the way for Lt Gen Bikram Singh to succeed Gen V K Singh.The petitioners said they were concerned by the \"brazen way Lt Gen Bikram Singh has been patronized and promoted to become the next COAS by superseding/side-lining several senior Army officials, who were perhaps more capable and eligible to become the COAS\".They alleged that present Army chief Gen V K Singh's date of birth was crudely tampered with and manipulated to cut short his tenure as COAS, that was a mere issue of correction of date of birth but blown out of proportion during Gen J J Singh's tenure as the Army chief.The \"premature\" superannuation of Gen V K Singh and announcement of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as next COAS has \"happened in connivance with former COAS Gen J J Singh and the people in high offices in political and bureaucratic establishments,\" the petitioners alleged.Lt Gen Bikram Singh, who is the Army chief-designate, would not have taken the top post if the incumbent's plea for revision of his age had been accepted: something that would have extended Gen V K Singh's tenure to March 31, 2013.The PIL challenging Lt Gen Bikram Singh's appointment has said the Arunachal governor enjoyed blessings from the highest level, and that was why the conspiracy against Gen V K Singh succeeded even when he enjoyed the sympathies of defence minister A K Antony.The PIL does not take names, but insinuates that Gen J J Singh could not have succeeded without support from the highest echelons, considering that he being Arunachal governor was in no position to influence the line of succession after he retired.The damning charges in the PIL, including the alleged communal dimension of the \"plot\" to deny Gen V K Singh an extended tenure, were confirmed by petitioner's counsel, senior lawyer Kamini Jaiswal. \"It is unfortunate yet true that present day politicians have succeeded in dividing all institutions on communal lines. The PIL has placed facts before the court and it is for the court to arrive at a conclusion and save the country,\" Jaiswal had told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12818071", "title": "Water issue dominates Karnataka Development Programme meet", "text": "BELGAUM: A heated debate took place during the Karnataka Development Programme (KDP) meeting of Belgaum zilla panchayat here on Friday, on various issues including drinking water and electricity problems and demand for separate funds for ZP members.The issue of drinking water supply consumed almost half the time of the meeting. Members Basaligappa Khokale, Baburao Patil, Mahesh Bhate, Ganesh Hukkeri, Ramappa Hutagi and Parameshwar Hosamani elaborately presented the drinking water problems across the district. They said people were grilling the members over water.Members said they have no separate funds from the government and no powers to grant permission for new borewells.There is a taskforce headed by MLAs in each assembly constituency, but there are no enough ZP members in the taskforce, they said. \"How can we answer the people who elected us,\" they rued.Action plan 2012-13At one point of time, members decided not to approve the action plan for 2012-13 and boycott the meeting. However, ZP president Iranna Kadadi convinced them not to do the same.Kadadi said they will take a delegation to Bangalore to meet CM D V Sadananda Gowda and apprise him of the situation.He also said in some of the schemes, government distributes equal funds to each district, which means injustice to Belgaum, which is one of the largest districts of the state with 10 taluks. Zilla Panchayat vice-president Sunita Shirgaon and CEO Ajay Nagabhushan were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816574", "title": "Tricksters' bid to rob cash from bank foiled", "text": "NAGPUR: An alert employee of a private company foiled tricksters' bid to decamp with Rs1 lakh from a nationalized bank on Saturday evening.The tricksters, posing as well-dressed customers, had laid a trap to rob cash from the Dharampeth branch of a nationalized bank. The entire drama was captured by the bank's CCTV cameras.Harsh Lokhande, an accountant with a private firm, went to the bank with his colleague to deposit their employer's value-added tax (VAT). It was learnt that Lokhande had Rs 2.2 lakh in cash. The incident occurred when Lokhande was tallying the amount by keeping the cash on a table inside the bank.\"A stranger drew my attention towards some currency notes which were strewn on the floor near my chair. The notes of smaller denominations looked similar to the ones I possessed. Suddenly, I realized that someone from the other side had picked up a bundle of our cash from the table and was fleeing,\" said Lokhande.\"Immediately, I put the cash in the bag, gave it to my colleague and raised an alarm. With the help of a few people, we managed to pin him down,\" said Lokhande.On hearing the alarm, the miscreant dropped the cash on the floor and attempted to flee. \"I found the stolen cash in my bag when we returned to the bank,' he said.Sources said that a gang of three was on the bank premises dressed like sophisticated customers. The armed security guard was taken aside by one of the tricksters over a trivial issue while another bank employee, who was close by, was kept engaged before the miscreants zeroed in on the cash with Lokhande. \"The entire episode was recorded by CCTV cameras which would be handed over to the police,\" said a senior bank official.Sources from Sitabuldi police said that the nabbed miscreant identified himself as Rajkamal Sau from Hooghly in Kolkata. He claimed that he came to the city on Saturday morning.Police quizzed Sau at length but could not get enough information. A section of the Sadar police too reached the Sitabuldi police station to quiz Sau due to a series of bag-lifting cases in areas like Sadar, Ambazari and Rana Pratap Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821694", "title": "Did not enjoy my stint in Bollywood: Anoop Soni", "text": "Actor Anoop Soni, who has been part of films like \"Gangaajal\", \"Dus Kahaniyaan\" and \"Apaharan\", is concentrating more on television these days saying he did not enjoy his stint in Bollywood.The actor began his career with roles in television shows such as 'Sea Hawks' and 'Saaya'. He then took a break from the small screen to work in films but was not happy with the kind of roles being offered to him.\"I did a lot of shows for the small screen and then I realised that I was devoting too much time to TV. I thought I should also try my luck in films because I didn't want to regret it later. I started doing films and was part of quite a few good ones but didn't quite enjoy doing them. I decided to return to TV,\" Soni said.The actor is currently starring in popular TV shows like 'Balika Vadhu' and 'Comedy Circus'.Soni also hosts 'Crime Patrol- Dastak', based on real life incidents but he says that it is more than just a crime show.\"It is a show to make people aware of what is happening around them. Had it just been a crime show it would not have been so popular.\"Ninety-nine per cent of the show is fact and rest five per cent is fiction as it is important for the story. We deal with only human interest stories and I get personally attached to all the cases that we show on screen,\" said Soni, who was recently in the capital to celebrate the completion of 100 episodes of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12818055", "title": "Belgaum widow denied pension over affair", "text": "BELGAUM: Officials of revenue department here 'allegedly' rejected a widow's pension in Belgaum, as she was having an affair.Deepa Chougule, 47, resident of Waddarwadi, lost her husband last year. Deepa works asa housemaid and lives with her daughter and mother. Recently she applied for widow pension with the local village accountant. However, he rejected her application citing that she was involved with a man. Interestingly, the circle officer, too, rejected the pension citing the village accountant's reason, without holding inquiry.On Friday, youth BJP activists staged a protest at the tahsildar's office here over the issue. In-charge tahsildar B N Patil assured them that the pension would be sanctioned within two days. The district administration has cancelled around 1.29 lakh pensions of widows, physically challenged and old people after scrutiny in the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817765", "title": "IIT-Delhi students display innovative concepts", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your mobile phone runs out of battery and there is no electric point around, IIT-Delhi's green-ion charger can prove to be a life-saver. A student at IIT-D is working on an eco-friendly charger that runs on kinetic energy.Simply put, it can produce an electric current when moved. So wearing it on the knee and walking ahead will be enough to charge your phone.\"The internal mechanism of the device is ready and it can produce a current of up to 5 volts, which is enough to charge a mobile phone. I am planning to design this device in the form of a pen. It will generate a current whenever the user moves forward, Also, one can just move it in a particular way with hands to charge a phone while travelling\" said Gulmohar Khan, a first-year student pursuing master of design.Khan's project was one among several innovative ideas and research works put forth by IIT-Delhi on Saturday in its eighth edition of 'Open House'. Nearly 400 projects were on display at the event, which had about 2,000 visitors.\"The response to the projects has been good this time considering the rush of visitors, \" said IIT-D director R Shevgaonkar. The responsive camouflage textiles developed by Muksit Ahamed Chowdhury from the department of textile technology attracted many visitors. The fabric made by Chaudhury changes colours and produces heat.He said the fabric was ideal for defence operations and can be used for making garments, tents or safety spots. The ceiling fan developed by Naveen Kumar and his team from the mechanical engineering department was a huge draw.\"This fan can be used even in winters as it will keep the room warm. We have attached heating coils to the blades of the fan, which are connected to power supply through separate connections. The fan will make the air warm when its blades rotate,\" said Kumar. The coils can be detached to use the fan in summer. \"It will cost only around Rs 500 more than a normal fan,\" he added.A team of five from civil engineering department is attempting to use wastepaper to build bridges. The students insist that waste paper and an adhesive mix can be joined in a unique way to form a light-weight bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824211", "title": "USA calling for Kailasa", "text": "Kailasa is all set to travel to the US for a set of gigs. Frontman of the band , Kailash Kher, tweeted on Sunday, \"\"Now Kailasa preparing for Another Chunk of shows in USA n Canada, for a month.See you all there America.\"\" Meanwhile, the singer has returned having performed in Karachi, where the cops had a tough time stopping the sale of tickets in black at the concert venue. \"\"Few people were selling tickets of the show in black since no more tickets were available at gates as advertised.We identified the people and peacefully resolved the issue. These men got opportunity since the equal amount of crowd was outside the venue,\"\" Asif Usman, Superintendent of Police, Crime Branch, was quoted as saying. Kailash Kher &amp; his band performed all their chartbusters one by one, including \"\"Teri deewani\"\", \"\"Tauba tauba\"\", \"\"Saiyan\"\", \"\"Dhol vajda\"\", \"\"Mumma\"\", \"\"Bam bam bam\"\", \"\"Teri bin nahin lagda\"\". Says Kher, \"\"Everyone advised me not to go to Karachi but a deluge of fanmail and messages acted as a trigger. I overlooked the fear and explored the love and was amazed to see the overwhelming response towards me and Kailasa's music. Karachi was a never-forgettable experience for us.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12818268", "title": "NRI Christian helps to renovate Hindu temple", "text": "MANGALORE: His philanthropy transcends all manmade boundaries - religious, social and even official. While personnel of Frazer Town police station were the first to benefit from his involvement in a scheme mooted by then Bangalore City police chief S Mariswamy seeking public participation in putting up new buildings and/or renovating existing police stations in November 2004, people of Chikkajala of Bangalore North taluk are experiencing his generosity now.Thanks to Mangalorean NRI Ronald Colaco, 56, who worked for a long time in the Middle East and is now a consultant, the ancient dilapidated Hindu temple of the Hoysala era of Goddess Sri Chennarayaswamy with consorts Sridevi and Bhoodevi has been completely rebuilt. Ronald's contribution spurred former MLA Muni Narasimhaiah and the locals to take up and complete the task of renovation of the temple, which was built during 1018-1038 AD by rulers of the Vishnuvardhan dynasty.Ronald, who on an invitation from the former MLA and locals after listening to their plan of rebuilding the temple, visited Chikkajala. Realizing its importance, Ronald gave the temple committee Rs 10 lakh, which set in motion the process of renovating the temple with locals too chipping in with funds. \"It was Ronald's open-mindedness to fund renovation of the temple, which enthused the locals,\" Narasimhaiah said. Ronald believes in coexistence of people of all faiths and that's why he has contributed to rebuild places of religious worships of all faiths since 1990s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817457", "title": "HC acquits 12 in 2002 Ghodasar massacre case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday acquitted all 12 people who had been convicted in the 2002 massacre of Muslims at Ghodasar village in Kheda district. This was among the first post-Godhra riots cases where the accused had been sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, rioting and unlawful assembly.The 12 had been convicted by a trial court in Nadiad in December 2003, for killing 14 Muslims in five separate incidents. The victims had been killed on March 3, 2002, in fields surrounding Ghodasar, Jinjir, Jalanpur and Nana Sindhoda villages in Kheda while they were trying to escape angry mobs.The statements of five eye-witnesses had led to the convictions, while 51 others had been acquitted. Thirty-one of the accused were nabbed from a vehicle with arms, hours after the massacre, but witnesses did not testify against them during the trial. Police officers were able to recover bodies of 13 victims. They also found the burnt remains of one body, believed to be that of Madinabibi. Forensic experts, however, were not able to confirm the identity.Hearing the appeal, a division bench of justice A L Dave and justice N V Anjaria acquitted the men after their counsel questioned the evidence. The defence lawyer said the witnesses were present in a relief camp after the massacre, but turned up to testify before the police only four days later, on March 7, 2002. The accused contended that the eyewitnesses' statements, which were key to the case, were not consistent.The two main accused Bhima Lakha and Mera Rama were absconding for almost eight years. They were tried for murder and rioting after their arrests, but all witnesses turned hostile and the court acquitted them. Advocate Sameer Khan, who represented a witness in the high court, alleged that a compromise had been struck between the witnesses and the accused and requested the judges to look into the issue.Khan said this was a case of evidence being tampered with to influence witnesses. The judges, however, said they could not deal with the issue as it was not part of the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817183", "title": "4 Kashmiri students fear for their life", "text": "BHOPAL: A Kashmiri student of Barkatullah University has claimed that he and his three colleagues face a threat to their life after filing of a police complaint against a head of the department and some students of the university.Mohd Yousuf Parra, a post-graduate commerce student, alleged that the chief warden of Jawahar Lal boys' hostel in BU has threatened to kill me if I don't withdraw my complaints against the HoD and some students.\"According to Yousuf, Dr SK Khateek, who is head of the commerce department of the University Teaching Department, is unhappy with him over his filing of two complaints.\"I lodged a complaint with the VC about my and three other Kashmiri students' ragging. There was another complaint against the HoD about his poor semester marks without any proper reason,\" Yousuf said.\"I am scared. I came here with some aspirations and now people here are calling me 'terrorist'. I don't know what will happen next day,\" Yousuf said in somewhat an anxious manner.He added the situation became serious when he made a complaint against Dr Khateek to the university authorities on March 29, earlier this year.Yousuf said after the complaint, the vice-chancellor's office gave a letter to the chief warden seeking explanation.Yousuf then lodged a complaint with the Bagh Sewania police station on April 20 wherein he had stated that Dr Khateek has been threatening him.\"He has threatened me with dire consequences if I keep pursuing the complaint. I am also being threatened by unknown persons,\" Yousuf stated in the complaint.The chief warden, Dr Khateek, denied allegations. \"I do not have any idea about it. There is no problem in my hostel,\" Khateek claimed.On complaints by Yousuf, chief warden said, \"He was not happy after his poor result in third semester. We have topper students from Kashmir. There has been no issue,\" Khateek said.In three hostels of Barkatullah University --Jawahar Lal, Munshi Premchand and Sanjay Gandhi-there are 200 students in each hostel. In all, 30 Kashmiri students live in these hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817641", "title": "Chief minister discusses CAG, Adarsh &amp; Congress-NCP ties with Sonia", "text": "MUMBAI: State CM Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday called on Congress president Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi to discuss the report submitted by the CAG, recommendations of the judicial commission which probed into the multi-crore Adarsh Cooperative Housing scam, cabinet expansion and also the growing tension between the Congress and NCP over the outcome of the civic and zilla parishad polls. Chavan briefly met with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to discuss the drought situation in nine districts across the state, the demand for cotton and the export of onions.The CAG, in its report, passed stringent strictures over the manner in which the state had allotted land to trusts and institutions controlled by leading Congress politicians.A senior Congress minister said Chavan also briefed Sonia on the cracks in the Congress-NCP alliance. \"We feel that the NCP ditched the Congress in several corporations and zilla parishads and joined hands with communal forces,\" he said, adding that Sonia and Chavan discussed the issue of appointing a successor to former Mumbai Congress president Kripa Shankar Singh. \"Several leaders are in the race for the post. Sonia Gandhi will take the final decision,\" he said.Three posts are lying vacant in the cabinet and no appointments have been made in state-run enterprises. Chavan urged Sonia to grant him permission to make the appointments.\"Chavan expects that the matters that he has discussed with Sonia and the PM will be resolved soon,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817484", "title": "Vijay Sai knocks high court door", "text": "HYDERABAD: V Vijay Sai Reddy, the financial auditor for Y S Jaganmohan Reddy group of companies, filed a petition in the AP high court and urged it to declare CBI's plan to file multiple chargesheets in Jagan's assets case as illegal. Vijay Sai is accused No. 2 in the case and was earlier arrested by CBI.\"Under section 173 of the CrPC, filing of staggered and series of chargesheets before the CBI special court is contrary to the Constitution and the criminal procedure code,\" Vijay Sai Reddy said. \"By using these series of reports, the probe agency is trying to deny me my legitimate right to get a bail in the case. Hence, I urge the court to declare my continuous detention as illegal and release me from jail,\" he said in his petition.The auditor also sought a direction from the court to CBI to file its complete chargesheet only upon completion of the investigation into the contents of FIR registered in the case. The probe agency cannot delve into the same aspects of the FIR once it files the chargesheet, he said.\"It (CBI) can look into fresh material that it comes across during the investigation. Instead, the CBI is planning to file multiple chargesheets on the same set of allegations that were shown in the FIR and this is contrary to the criminal procedure code,\" the auditor said. The case will come up for hearing on Monday before a bench headed by Chief Justice Madan B Lokur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12818171", "title": "Bharathidasan's family takes part in his death anniversary", "text": "TRICHY: Radical Tamil poet Bharathidasan was remembered on his death anniversary on Saturday at the university that bears his name in the city. What made the occasion poignant was the presence of his descendants, a first since the university came into existence in 1982, at the annual ceremony held in the campus.Among those at the ceremony were eight-year-old Arun Mozhi, the great -great grandson of Bharathidasan, besides vice-chancellor K Meena and registrar T Ramasamy.Though the university regularly observes the death anniversary of Bharathidasan, who passed away on this day at Chennai in 1964, it was only this year that the family members of the poet attended the event. That family members of the poet were living in Trichy came to the knowledge of university authorities only when P Subburathina Bharathy, son of A K Pugazhendi, the first grandson of Bharathidasan's eldest daughter Saraswathy Kannappan, received his PhD in management studies during the convocation ceremony in November last year. Saraswathy Kannappan died on January 30, 2012 at Karur at the ripe age of 93. Arun Mozhi is the son of Subburathina Bharathy.Pugazhendi himself could not attend the function as he was held up in Karur. Though the family members had been invited for the 2010 convocation, Pugazhendi said they felt neglected by the university that perpetuates the memory of my grandfather.This newspaper had highlighted that family members of the late poet were rarely invited to functions hosted by the university in his memory when Subburathina Bharathy received his doctoral degree.University VC Meena said the birth anniversary celebrations of the poet, which falls on April 29 (Sunday), would be held two days earlier on April 27 this year. Tamil Research Centre will host the event, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822154", "title": "I've gone crazy with joy: Rajasmita", "text": "Rourkela's 21-year-old Rajasmita Kar, who won Dance India Dance, says she wants to buy a house for her parents now and learn Odissi tooYou must be over the moon now after winning the third season of Zee TV's \" Dance India Dance\" ...Yes , I am. I've crazy with joy. I come from such a humble background and this is a huge achievement for me. My father owns a small shop of electrical goods in Basanti colony of Roukela. I couldn't complete my graduation but took up dancing instead. I have been waiting for this day for so long and I'm happy to have made my state proud.You've also participate in \"Jhum Odisha Jhum\" and \"Dhum Machela Dhum\" but never went on to win the competitions in Odisha...Yes. I was popular and people loved my dance when I participated in those shows. But it's true that I never won those shows back home. I got the opportunity to dance with Bishu bhai. That was a big thing for me too. When I didn't win the shows in Odisha, I decided to try even harder. I knew that I must have lagged somewhere behind. My efforts paid off and today, I am thrilled. My parents have literally gone mad after the news.Mithun Chakraborty had great expectations from you. Happy to have proved him right?Of course, I am happy. Someone as great as Mithun Chakraborty had said that I am the dark horse and would win. I am so glad that I lived up to his expectations. Akshay Kumar had also praised my ability to change expressions while dancing. I cherish his compliments.How did you change?I used to wake up at 4 in the morning and do my jogging and other exercises. That increased by flexibility. The \"\"DID\"\" training experience has been enriching for me. I've learnt Hip Hop from Aman Sir but never got the chance to learn Odissi. If I get an opportunity, I'd love to learn Odissi.What will you do with the prize money?I wanted to buy a house for my parents in Rourkela. Now I can fulfill that. I wish my win inspires talents in Odisha to come forward and participate in national reality shows. As of now, I am waiting to go to Rourkela to celebrate.What are your aspirations now?It seems just the other day that I had come to Mumbai to participate in the show. Everything got over so quickly. I want to be a good dancer. I have no inhibitions about doing item numbers. Work is worship for me. If possible, I want to train promising youngsters.Who is your favourite dancer?Sridevi is my all-time favourite. Even when I watch her old movies, I am overwhelmed by her grace. Among contemporary heroines, I like Priyanka Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816750", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation applies for reclaimed Bhagwagar Layout land", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has submitted an application with the district administration, seeking permission for maintenance of the Bhagwagar Layout land that was encroached by an influential NMC contractor. Meanwhile, the contractor RM Goplani has filed a petition with the High Court, challenging the removal of the encroachment on his land.Sources told TOI that the application was submitted to the district administration a week ago. \"It is a nazul land and reserved for zudpi jungle. Besides, the land touches NMC's Children's Traffic Park. Therefore, NMC wanted to maintain the land to ensure no more encroachments and disturbance to the park,\" said sources.Meanwhile, the High Court has directed the NMC to submit its reply. As per official sources, Goplani has approached the High Court citing the reason of not given any notice before removal of the encroachment and his application for regularization of the land. The district administration and NMC will file replies following the notice.According to visits to the spot and details obtained from the citizens residing nearby, the contractor had constructed a compound wall made of tins and comprised a garage, store room and also parking of heavy vehicles. Besides, daily wage labourers working with the contractor were also residing in the land by constructing huts. The citizens had complained about various problems arising due to running of heavy vehicles in the residential area. Besides, there were also complaints about problems created by the labourers. The citizens had complained to mayor Anil Sole during the municipal election and also former corporator from the ward Baba Maind and demanded removal of the encroachment.TOI had run a series of reports about the contractor's encroachment. Officials from the district administration and NMC conducted an inspection of the encroachment following orders of district collector Saurabh Rao. After going through the reports, the district administration requested the NMC to help in razing the encroachment. On April 7, the team of NMC in association with the district administration had removed the encroachment made by the contractor for last eight years. Jaiswal, Kumbhare, assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone Mahesh Moroney and other officials were present in the drive.After removal of the encroachment, the citizens have expressed gratitude towards the NMC and district administration and also demanded expansion of Children Traffic Park as located adjacent to the park. A local resident said, \"NMC should maintain the land so as to ensure no more encroachment takes place. The park has become congested and requires expansion. There is no land available for the expansion. The vacated land is the right choice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822236", "title": "Each time I make a song, it's like a prayer to me: Neeraj Shridhar", "text": "I don't believe that I have to say religious prayers in order to connect with God. In the mornings, I always thank God, say hello to him and ask him to guide me.Even if the day has not been good, I still thank him because I know it could have been worse, if he wasn't there. God is not somebody who I have to pray to get something.I am spiritual in my own way. Each time I make a song it's like a prayer to me. You may be singing Hare Rama Hare Krishna which may be playing at a night club, but whichever way you take his name, you show your love and devotion. I don't believe that God will bless me only if I go to a temple. God will give me more, only if I deserve it. Do good deeds and be honest and you will get all that you deserve.As for visiting religious shrines, I have been to Vaishno Devi with friends. I do not chant Jai Mata Di aloud as I believe in praying silently. However, there was something about that place that made me chant aloud. Once, I had taken my daughter to Mata Chintpurni Devi temple in Himachal Pradesh to show her, her roots and we are planning to visit the place again.I believe in all Gods and when I am in any religious ceremony I too take part and enjoy them. My father kept the Bhagvad Gita, Bible and Qu'ran in our home and book on Gautam Buddha as well, which he would read to us. I know the Hanuman Chalisa by heart , because I have heard my mother sing it since childhood.I don't believe in superstitions but I don't disrespect others who do. Music is my meditation. I do it all the time. Sleeping is another form of meditation. When I'm feeling low, I play my guitar and sing my worries away. That is why most of the musicians are happy people.Today the kind of fast life you go through, there is very little time to connect with yourself. You connect through others. When I see my child playing, running around, laughing I connect with myself. I remember my own childhood. Only when I go to bed I close my eyes and evaluate my day and my actions. And try to correct what wrong I have done, look at my mistakes. That is the reason why even today I can go and apologise to people if I make a mistake.Lisa Antao--Regards,Lisa Antao9819030796Bombay Times", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12827564", "title": "Declared dead, woman returns after seven years", "text": "GARHWA: Mehrun Nisa, who was declared dead, returned home alive after seven years.Nisa was married to Ejajat Ali, son of Sadiq Ansari, resident of Bahiyar Khurd on May 28, 2003. Soon after the marriage, her in-laws began torturing her for dowry. Nisa's father Jamruddin Ansari had lodged an FIR with the Nagar Untari police station on October 13, 2003, against her in-laws, including her husband.However, the matter was settled after the villagers intervened. Suddenly on June 14, 2005, Nisa went missing. Finding no clue of her whereabouts, her father again lodged a case with the police station against her husband and three others, accusing them of murdering Nisa. Following which all the four accused were sent to jail for three months.Nisa reached her native village Bahiyar Khurd on Friday along with her second husband and two children. Not only her family but also the villagers were surprised to see her alive. However, she was brought to Ramuna police station where she narrated her hardship.Nisa said her husband Ejajat Ali had taken her to Nagar Untari for treatment from where he forced her to board a train by putting a handkerchief on her face following which she became unconscious. When she regained her sense, to her surprise, she found herself at Satna station of Madhya Pradesh. \"Instead of catching a train for her village, I boarded another train and reached Mumbai,\" said Nisa.Shabbir Khan, who had come to the station to see off his family members, saw Nisa loitering alone on the platform. He took her to his house and admitted her to a hospital for treatment. When she was cured, Shabbir solemnized Nikah with her. After four years of her second marriage with Shabbir, Nisa gave birth to two sons - Amjad (4) and Golu (2). At present, she is staying with her second husband in Katihar district of Bihar.Ramuna police station OC Anand Singh said the police have confirmed Nisa's survival, who had been declared dead in police chargesheet seven years ago. \"Nisa will be produced before the Garhwa civil court on Monday for recording of her statement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816893", "title": "BJP to back BSY in hour of crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: Friday' bombshell from the CEC, recommending CBI probe into former CM B S Yeddyurappa's alleged role in illegal mining, has brought bonhomie in BJP.The party has decided to extend support to Yeddyurappa, who is expected to come under the CBI scanner in case Supreme Court accepts the CEC recommendations. Forgetting the bitter past, the BJP troika -- CM D V Sadananda Gowda, state party chief K S Eshwarappa and Yeddyurappa -- came together on Saturday. At the meeting convened in the party office, they were joined by senior minister Jagadish Shettar to discuss CEC-related developments and supporting Yeddyurappa.Both Gowda and Eshwarappa maintained that it is only the recommendations and CEC was not final authority on this. Sources in the party said that it was their duty to stand by Yeddyurappa in the hour of crisis. \"He (Yeddyurappa) may have embarrassed the party in the past. But at this moment, the party has to back him,\" the source added.Early in the day, Yeddyurappa loyalists Basavaraj Bommai, C M Udasi and Shettar met Eshwarappa and urged him to bury the hatchet. The team also communicated the same to the former CM. By evening, a meeting was arranged between the leaders.Meanwhile, legislators have started putting pressure on the CM to expand cabinet. Some of them have decided to meet on April 26 to press for expansion. \"I have brought this matter before party central leaders. The party has not given me the green signal,\" the CM said. Eshwarappa said the cabinet would be expanded or the additional portfolios with chief minister would be distributed among the existing ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818595", "title": "Patna University to hold admission test for under graduate, post graduate courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has decided to introduce entrance test for admission to all its undergraduate and postgraduate courses from the next academic session.A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the PU academic council held here on Saturday under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh.. Details of entrance test and admission schedule for different courses would be announced shortly.PU has already decided to introduce semester system from the next academic session for all its postgraduate courses. Draft admission ordinance and regulations of the revised courses of studies, after being approved by various statutory bodies like academic council, syndicate and senate of the university, have been sent to the governor for his final assent.The academic council also constituted a two-member committee to bring about uniformity in the regulations of courses of humanities, social science and science faculties. The issue of allowing a scholar of NIT Patna to submit his PhD thesis in PU was referred to the university's legal cell.Meanwhile, noted litterateur Ram Bachan Rai gave a talk on \"Literature, society and media\" as a part of 150th anniversary celebrations of Patna College on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817000", "title": "Stop burning waste at Goa medical college: Goa civic and consumer action network", "text": "A concern has been raised about the disposal and burning of medical and plastic waste in an abandoned quarry at the Goa medical college and hospital premises, as it may affect the health of patients and others in the complex. An NGO, Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN), has written a letter to the North Goa collector (chairman of north Goa district consumer protection council), urging him to acquaint himself with the problem by holding an inspection at the GMC premises. \"It is most likely that the GMC will adopt steps to find an immediate or temporary solution to the problem,\" GOACAN's Roland Martins stated. But the NGO called for a permanent solution to the waste management issues.Bicholim MLA promises to develop Mencurem: Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal has promised to provide all help for the all round development of Mencurem village panchayat area by undertaking novel schemes. He made the statement while addressing the villagers during his recent visit to Mencurem. He was accompanied by Mencurem sarpanch Nakul Naik, deputy sarpanch Pooja Gaad, Sneha Parab and others. Issues like the Mencurem crematorium, full-fledged sports complex, panchayat ghar, etc, were discussed during this visit.ECS implemented for freedom fighters: The directorate of accounts has implemented the ECS system to clear all type of bills. All the freedom fighters are therefore informed to fill the check list issued by the directorate of accounts and submit the same to the home department (general) without which the director of accounts will not accept any type of bills. The said check list is available in the home department (general), secretariat and at the Freedom Fighters Association at Panaji and Ponda.60 students attend Sethu programme: Over 60 teachers in Goa worked, discussed, learned and practiced their skills during a four-day rigorous training program at 'Class Act', a workshop organized by the Sethu Centre for Child Development and Family Guidance, Panaji, at the GIM campus in Ribandar.The training was conducted from April 17-20 and was inaugurated by Anil Powar, director of education. Powar highlighted the sincerity of teachers in Goa in wanting to do a better job and informed participants that the department of education was keen to support their professional advancement.During the four days, over 60 teachers attended intensive sessions on learning difficulties, methods to promote learning of reading, mathematics and English and discipline in the classroom.The program was an interactive process, including group discussions, lectures and practical exercises.POWER SHUTDOWNTaleigao (Apr 23): Between 9.30am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Posrem Bhat, Bank of India, Borbhat, Afonso, Amaral Vaddo and vicinity.Batim/Goa Velha (Apr 24): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Batim, Goa Velha, Curca, Talaulim, Moula, parts of Pilar and vicinity.Margao/Fatorda (Apr 28): Between 7am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - J J Costa Hospital, PJN stadium, Ambaji, Davondem, SGPDA, Madel, Borda, St Joaquim Chapel, Multipurpose school, Holy Spirit Church, Chowgule College, Housing Board area, Fatorda, old market, KTC bus stand, Madel, Mungul, civil court, parts of Comba, Pedda and Seraulim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12818526", "title": "Ask India to abolish death penalty, UK Sikh body tells British PM", "text": "AMRITSAR: UK-based Sikh NGO, United Sikhs, has asked UK Prime Minister David Cameroon to call on India to abolish death penalty and free Balwant Singh Rajoana, who was sentenced to death for assassinating former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh.Legal director, United Sikhs, Mejindarpal Kaur told TOI on Saturday that the Sikh body had sent a letter to this effect to Cameroon on Baisakhi reception held at his official residence at No. 10 Downing Street.\"Rajona has already served 17 years behind bars for his role in the assassination of former chief minister of Punjab\" said she. She said the Sikh NGO has also brought to the PM's attention the report by Amnesty International on human rights violations in Punjab.\"The PM was informed that Sikhs in UK have signed petitions addressed to their MPs and MEPs asking them to intervene, to stop the execution of Rajoana\" said she. She said they had also highlighted the issues concerning wearing of Kakkars in their letter to PM. Sikh students continue to be denied their right to wear Kirpan in many schools even though there was a specific defense in the Offensive Weapons Act for wearing of the Kirpan in schools. Sikh prison officers and Sikh lawyers or legal officers on legal visits were not allowed to wear their Kirpan. Sikhs traveling through European airports continue to be humiliated and harassed by the indiscriminate removal of their turbans.The volunteers of the organization presented an oil painting made by an artist trained at the Slade School of Art ( London ) of a Sikh doing prayers during Ishnaan (holy dip) in the Sarovar at Darbar Sahib. The Prime Minister was also presented a book titled \"The Golden Temple of Amritsar,\" she informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12824062", "title": "Man crushed to death by wild elephants in East Singhbhum", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 42-year-old tribal man was on Sunday trampled to death by wild elephants near Kumari Jungle in Dalam Wildlife Sanctuary of East Singhbhum district, while two others managed to escape.The incident took place when the victim, Balram Besra, a resident of Barubeda village, along with two others were returning home when they came across two wild elephants and their calves.\"All the three were in drunken state but two of the villagers managed to flee on seeing the elephants while Besra tumbled down on the ground,\" Divisional Forest Officer (DFO-Wildlife), Kamlesh Pandey said.The elephants trampled Besra to death on the spot, he said.The villagers put up a road blockade on Patamda for sometime demanding compensation from the district administration as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817091", "title": "Fraud in Calangute village panchayat electoral rolls, says Lobo", "text": "PANAJI: Just 25 days ahead of the village panchayat elections in Goa, Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo has alleged a \"massive fraud\" and \"wholesale manipulations\" in the electoral roll of the Calangute village panchayat comprising 9,445 voters.Lobo has demanded the withdrawal of the corrigendum issued by the director of panchayats on April 14, through which hundreds of voters have allegedly been moved to other wards without any reason. The MLA said that the original notification issued on March 31 is correct and should be retained for the purpose of the May 16 elections.Lobo has also demanded that the process of delimitation and reservation for the panchayat elections be started a year in advance to prevent such gross irregularities from happening.Camping in the office of the director of panchayat since early Saturday morning, Lobo said he would not budge until the \"wholesale fraud\" was corrected at the earliest.Lobo told mediapersons that hundreds of voters in all 11 wards of Calangute have been fraudulently moved from one ward to the other by people with \"vested interests\", but he expressed ignorance at who was behind the fraud. Lobo also blamed the village panchayat secretary for blindly signing the messed-up electoral roll.The MLA cited a letter written by Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira to the director of panchayats complaining about the wholesale shifting of voters from one ward to the other.\"Almost 160 voters from Gauravaddo East have been shown as living in Gauravaddo West and vice versa. Voters from Sauntavaddo will have to go to vote in Khobravaddo and so on. All 11 wards have been manipulated. This is not an error. This is a deliberate effort to create confusion among people and then blame it on the BJP government,\" Lobo said.Meanwhile, the directorate of panchayats passed an order withdrawing the corrigendum. \"The earlier one will stand,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817105", "title": "Delimitation woes haunt Pomburpa, Socorro VPs", "text": "PANAJI: Controversies over the delimitation of wards for the panchayat polls on May 16 continued to raise heat and dust, as some complained of the redrawing of new entities without proper contiguity and carving out reservations for OBCs without enough justification.In Socorro panchayat, several units of housing societies in a compact locality have been split into three wards. \"The locality has been carved separately into three wards-Nos. 6, 8 and 9,\" a resident said. The residents of apartments within metres from each other find themselves pulled into separate wards.In one case, two wards are intersecting one apartment block to establish geographical contiguity through it with another ward. \"This is done to pull a few votes from beyond,\" a resident said.In another case, the residents of a colony from houses built under 20-point have been merged with residents of dwellings from higher income groups. \"The weaker sections will not find their voice during gram sabhas in the presence of members from the elite society,\" a source said.Though the wards reserved for women were to be changed, the delimitation has been carried out in such a manner that the same ward has been retained with only the number being changed.In Pomburpa, allegations are rife that the reservation for women has not been carved out properly while the reservation of OBCs is also not above board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817273", "title": "Corruption of spirit far more serious: Jaswant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Corruption in India today isn't just about money; far more serious is the corruption of spirit. \"We have been robbed of our sense of spiritual belonging to India,\" said senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh , speaking on the topic, 'Building Trust in the State', in a panel discussion on Friday.Singh said the state today has become synonymous with governance. \"State is no longer the saviour...today the state is the great stinger. That is the reality,\" he said. He said at the village level, the lowly government officials - the tehsildars and others - were the face of the state. He narrated a couple of anecdotes to make his point.He spoke of Malik Khizar Hayat of Unionist Party, who was undivided Punjab's premier ( chief minister) in the 1940s. It is said that Hayat would go back to his village and greet the tehsildar every time. When anybody would ask why, he would respond, \"when I am not in power tomorrow, the tehsildar can trouble me the most.\" This only underlined the importance of the village and block level officials.Singh spoke about the \"tyranny\" villagers suffer at the hands of the small bureaucrat in rural India. He related another story about a gentleman who worked for Jawaharlal Nehru. One day he came to former diplomat and governor B K Nehru, asking him if he could help get him some land in UP. When B K Nehru said, \"Why don't you ask Panditji, he replied \"but Panditji is the prime minister, he is not the sarkar. Sarkar to tehsildar hai.\"Other speakers in the panel discussion, organised by Mayo College Alumni Association on Friday, were two MPs - Ijyaraj Singh and V P Singh. Ijyraraj spoke about inclusive growth and job creation. He underlined the need for more effective poverty alleviation schemes and pointed out how issues like climate change affect farmers adversely. V P Singh spoke on environmental balance and assessed how it has been tackled by the state.\"Our entire life support system is dependent on the well-being of all species living on earth commonly referred to as the biosphere,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816663", "title": "Mominpura cleared of encroachments", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists travelling on the otherwise congested roads in Mominpura heaved a sigh of relief on Saturday. The anti-encroachment squad of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) reached this part of the city and seized 10 trucks material by taking action against 240 encroachers.The squad with 100 police personnel from headquarters, Kotwali, Ganeshpeth and Tehsil police stations helped NMC carry out the drive peacefully. The area was neglected since over a decade when the then municipal commissioner T Chandrashekhar had taken action against encroachers.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay were present to ensure no law and order problem. Besides, all the roads heading towards Mominpura were cordoned off.The shopkeepers and residents of Mominpura too extended cooperation to the drive.Illegal extensions made by almost all the shop owners on Mohammed Ali Road were removed and the stretch from Dosar Bhavan Chowk to Timki Road T-point was decongested.The squad also cleared Qidwai Road pavements. Here, the entire footpath from Golibar Chowk to Masjid Garib Nawaz behind Mayo Hospital had disappeared due to encroachments. The squad cleared the footpaths. Interestingly, many encroachers removed illegal constructions on their own and shifted them inside the premises of Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12816973", "title": "Rajya Sabha polls: CBI raids Jharkhand MLAs' houses", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Saturday searched 10 places in Jharkhand in connection with the alleged horse trading during the recent Rajya Sabha elections that led to its countermanding. The raids were conducted at the homes of three MLAs - K N Tripathi (Congress), Suresh Paswan (RJD) and Vishnu Bhaiyya (JMM).Also raided were homes of industrialist and independent candidate R K Agarwal and his son-in-law Soumitra Saha in Jamshedpur.The CBI said the raids were to examine the ballot papers used in the poll to know the voters' choice of candidates and were expected to continue late into the night. \"We will be in a position to comment on the matter only after the search is over,\" CBI joint director A K Singh said.The Rajya Sabha election was cancelled by the EC after Rs 2.15 crore in cash was seized from the car of an associate of Agarwal on polling day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817785", "title": "Debolina sent to jail custody", "text": "KOLKATA: After keeping her in custody for 12 days, the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) could produce little evidence against Debolina Chakraborty - the member of Matangini Mohila Samity - who was picked up for keeping links with the Maoists. The court on Saturday sent her to 14-day judicial custody after the CID counsel did not seek custody for interrogation.Debolina, a Jadavpur University alumnus and known as a rights activist, was rounded up from a mass gathering of Nonadanga evictees on April 8. Initially, she was charged for assaulting cops in connection with a Tiljala case but after production at court on April 9, the CID tagged her in three other cases, including a two-year-old UAPA case.After taking Debolina in custody, CID officers claimed that she was active in Nandigram with arrested Maoist leader Narayan. They even claimed that Debolina was an important member of Nandigram zonal committee of the Maoist outfit. In favour of their claim, CID officers mentioned about a letter which was signed by one Debu. Police claimed that the letter was seized from Narayan and was written by Debolina.On Saturday, Debolina was produced before the court and the CID counsel submitted petition to acting ACJM SN Shanawaj to collect the sample of Debolina's handwriting. While magistrate Sushmita Chowdhury collected Debolina's handwriting, police alleged that Debolina's counsel Subhasis Roy has clicked picture inside the court room. On the basis of the complaint, the magistrate detained Ray but he was finally released when no substantiate evidence of photography was found against him. Meanwhile, the CID counsel said they don't want custody any more as the interrogation was already over.The magistrate then sent Debolina to judicial custody for 14 days. Meanwhile, a group of rights activists staged a demonstration outside the courtroom. The activists claimed that a section of cops is trying to resist legal help for Debolina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12816493", "title": "National Rural Employment Scheme default: 605 gram panchayats face action", "text": "AMRAVATI: Divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur on Saturday said that over 605 gram panchayats (GPs) in Amravati division will face the music for apathy in implementation of the National Rural Employment Scheme (NREGS). Buldhana district 'topped' in the division with 285 gram panchayats dodging NREGS work.Thakur said that the administration had spent around Rs 39 crore on NREGS in five districts of the division in 2010-2011 while Rs 185 crore in 2011-2012. The administration has been implementing NREGS in around 3,252 gram panchayats. However, seeing the apathy, the administration has decided to crack down on the sarpanch and gram sevaks of 605 gram panchayats which did not carry out any work under NREGS, Thakur said.96 of 843 gram panchayats in Amravati district are liable for action for ignoring NREGS work, Thakur said. In Akola, 39 of 542 gram panchayats face action while 75 in Yavatmal and 110 in Washim, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12818435", "title": "6 killed in collision at Mahgama in Godda district", "text": "RANCHI: Six persons were killed and seven critically injured when the vehicle they were travelling in collided with a bus at Mahgama in Godda district on Saturday, police said.Four persons died on the spot, two succumbed to injuries on their way to hospital.All the victims were returning to Mankachak when the Godda-bound bus collided with their vehicle.The deceased were identified as Nazi Khatoon (19), Reshma Khatoon (18), Madina (45), Sheikh Jamil (60) and driver of the vehicle Sharavan Yadav (35). The bodies were sent to the civil hospital for postmortem.All of them belonged to Mankachak village in Mehrma police station area of the district. The three seriously injured have been referred to Ranchi while others are undergoing treatment at the Mahgama health centre.The district authorities have provided Rs 10,000 each to the families of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818333", "title": "'Help ailing hosiery industry'", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's hosiery industry is happy over reappointment of Kamal Oswal, vice-chairman Nahar Group of Industries, as the industrial adviser to the government. A group of industrialists from the city have requested him to take up problems being faced by ailing hosiery and textile industry in the city.\"We are happy that Kamal Oswal has been reappointed and hope that he would act like a bridge between the government and industry as despite being one of the leaders in hosiery industry in the country little has been done by the state to help us,'' said Vinod Thapar, president, Ludhiana knitwear club.He said he met Kamal with a delegation of industrialists and requested him to apprise the government of a strong need of a Knitwear Park in the city.Thapar said they have also raised the issue of the need of a common exhibition hall for hosiery units in the city which can be used as a common facility by the industry for organising international exhibitions. Kamal has promised that he will definitely take up these matters with the chief minister and the deputy chief minister, he added.Harish Kairpal, owner of VH Hosiery mills also said the reappointment of Kamal Oswal as industrial adviser was a good decision and that the industry was pinning in a lot of hopes from his reappointment thinking that the same would help in improving the condition of the hosiery and the textile industry.Dinesh Bajaj, managing director of the Bajaj Knits said that the hosiery industry was facing a lot of problems and that the Industry requires certain steps to be taken by the state government to improve the situation.Rajinder Bhushan Maini, owner of the Maini Hosiery mils also said there was a lot of Panchayati land available with the government that could be granted for the setting up of a Knitwear park or an exhibition hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818568", "title": "'Outsiders' stand in for public information officers before State Information Commission", "text": "PATNA: Call it bureaucratic skulduggery or simply an act of ignorance but it certainly anguished the State Information Commission (SIC) when a PDS dealer was caught illegally representing the public information officer (PIO) of a government concern in Nalanda district in an RTI case.The PDS dealer submitted the replies to the queries made by an information seeker before the SIC but failed to answer some questions asked in the court. Information commissioner Farzand Ahmed grew suspicious and asked him who he was. \"I am a PDS dealer,\" he said on repeated queries. He was representing the block supply officer-cum PIO. In another instance, a person who runs an NGO in Nalanda appeared before the SIC representing a block programme officer-cum PIO in a different case. \"I was coming to Patna and the PIO handed me over the papers to be submitted before the SIC,\" he said.Incidentally, both the incidents were related to Nalanda district, which has a DM known for his sincerity and no-nonsense attitude. Nalanda DM Sanjay Agrawal, who came to know about this gross misconduct on the part of some junior officials, ordered an inquiry into outsiders being deputed to represent the government. Agrawal had himself participated in an international conference on RTI hosted by SIC last month and made a power-point presentation on the best practices in the RTI. Following the reprimand from the SIC and pulled up by the DM, the two designated PIOs appeared before the SIC and apologized for their mistake. \"A section of government servants are still not taking the RTI seriously and in a bid to deny information, they indulge in wrong practices,\" said an SIC official. However, all officials are not indifferent to the commission. Darbhanga DM R Laxmanan personally appeared before the SIC in connection with a case onWednesday last. DMs are generally represented by their PIOs.Information commissioner Ahmed had last month ordered the principal secretary, revenue and land reforms, and PIO of Darbhanga to provide information to petitioner Umadhar Singh, a former MLA. Incidentally, the Darbhanga DM also functions as PIO. This was the second occasion in the history of Bihar SIC that a DM appeared in connection with a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817261", "title": "Woman fights for custody of kids put in government home", "text": "CHENNAI: It may have started as a petty quarrel between neighbours, but now it threatens to destroy the lives of six children.Based on an anonymous complaint from a citizen, the Tamil Nadu child welfare wing has taken a group of children being raised by a Chennai-based woman lawyer and packed them off to an institution amidst an ongoing probe into the circumstances of their adoption.Mehrunnisa Kasim (known as Nisha) has been consulting lawyers to prepare for what may well be a long, legal battle to regain the custody of the kids. The fact that she does not possess documents to explain how she came to be the guardian of some of the children for over a decade worsens her case. The child welfare committee (CWC) has chosen to house the children, who are students of two reputed schools in the city, in a government home outside her care for the last three days and nights. The guardianship papers of at least two of the kids are in order, but they remain in the custody of the CWC, said Nisha.Nearly every resident in Mehrunnisa's apartment complex in Kilpauk is of the view that the welfare wing's eagerness to enforce rules to protect the children may end up depriving them of responsible foster care and leave them institutionalized. Residents of Kamalesh Enclave are still in shock after the raids on Wednesday and the removal of the children. \"It is hard to believe that anyone would have a problem with the children. They were very cute, friendly and polite,\" said Prithvi, a neighbour. Nisha and the children have lived in the building since 2005.Nisha suspects it is one of her neighbours in the apartment who sent an anonymous complaint to a social welfare officer, sparking of the raid that resulted in the children being separated from her.Times ViewThe best interest of the child/minor is the only principle which should guide the state's Child Welfare Committee and the Juvenile Justice Board or courts handling adoption and custody issues involving children. Going by this dictum, what CWC has done in the Kilpauk case is insensitive. Instead of allowing the foster mother to be with the children till the tangle is sorted out, it chose to separate the family. Nisha, being a lawyer herself, cannot feign ignorance of legal complications in keeping so many children in her custody without valid papers. But now, the six children have ended up in a battle between their guardian, who appears to be a good Samaritan, and rigid law enforcers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817020", "title": "Six artistes felicitated for yeoman contribution to Goan tiatr", "text": "On April 17, 1892, the first Goan tiatr was born and it was late Lucasinho Ribeiro, the creator of tiatr, who staged 'Italian Bhurgo' at the new Alfred Theatre at Mumbai. From 1996 Kala Academy has been celebrating April 17 as the Tiatr Day. Since last year, this day is being celebrated jointly by Kala Academy and Tiatr Academy, Goa.This year the Tiatr Day was not only celebrated in Goa but also at Mumbai. The initiative for this was taken by Maharashtra Konkani Kala Sanstha, Mumbai, and was supported by Tiatr Academy, Goa. Eminent tiatr artistes felicitated in Mumbai included Ophelia Cabral D'Souza, Titta Pretto and Isidore Dantes. Late C Alvares, Romeo Mendes and Prem Kumar, who were honoured posthumously.The tiatr artistes who were felicitated this year included John Claro Fernandes, Antonette de Calangute, Milagres de Chandor, Filipe de Sanvordem, Manohar Bhonsle and Roseferns. STOI profiles the achievers.John Claro Fernandes: Born on December 5, 1930, for the past 60 years, John Claro has been working tirelessly for the upliftment of Goan tiatr. When research was carried out to trace the roots of tiatr, John Claro discovered that 'Italian Bhurgo' was staged on April 17, 1892, at New Alfred Theatre in Mumbai, which is presently the police commissioner headquarters.On December 25, 1953, John Claro acted for the first time in the tiatr 'Camil Bottler'. Till date he has penned 15 tiatrs, among which 'Purtugez Kolvont' gained much popularity and completed a successful 100 shows in the history of tiatr. Besides penning and staging tiatrs, John Claro has also been a prolific writer with contributions made towards various publications and dailies. His writings have mostly revolved around tiatr, its history and upliftment. He has also penned and presented plays on radio, especially on All India Radio, Mumbai, before Goa's liberation and All India Radio, Goa, after liberation.Antonette Pereira: Antonette Pereira, popularly known as Antonette de Calangute, was born in 1963 and made her first appearance on Konkani stage at the age of 12 in Lazarus and Constancio's village drama. Thereafter she participated in Kala Academy's tiatr festivals with noted directors. She took up to professional acting in Vitorino Pereira's khell tiatr 'Sangat' where she was the lead actor and thereafter there was no turning back. Besides acting with practically all the noted directors of Konkani stage, she has also participated in over 25 audio and video albums. In Kala Academy's tiatr festivals, she has won the 'Best Actress' award on six occasions.Antonio Rosario Fernandes: Antonio Rosario Fernandes, popularly known as Roseferns, was born on September 21, 1954, in Benaulim. As a writer, director, singer and actor, Roseferns has penned and staged 72 tiatrs till date. In 1980, he formed his own troupe under the banner 'Roseferns Dramatic Troupe'. For having staged his drama 'Arso' through 100 shows in 1983, 'Innovations', a cultural organization, bestowed upon him the title 'King of Centuries'. In 'Maim Tuzo Put Hanv', Roseferns introduced the revolving stage while in 'Goenkar' it was the sliding stage that appealed to the audience.Besides staging dramas, Roseferns has five audio albums to his credit and he has released two of his dramas 'Goenkar' and 'Amchim Bhurgim Amcho Fuddar?' in VCD format. He has also directed two films, namely 'Don Rupam' and Ek Vat Mennacho'.For his immense contribution towards tiatr, Roseferns has been nominated in several organizations. He was the president of Konknni Tiatristanchi Sonvstha in 1995-1997, first vice-president of Tiatr Academy (2009-2012) and member of the Kala Academy's advisory committee (1995-1997).Milagres Gonsalves: Popularly known as Milagres de Chandor, Milagres Gonsalves was born on August 29, 1961, in Guirdolim-Chandor. He developed interest in tiatr when he decided to pen his own Konkani plays. He was introduced on Konkani stage at the age of 18 when Roseferns introduced him in his drama 'Mui ani Sakor'. Thereafter he accepted offers from other directors in tiatrs and khell-tiatrs. At the age of 20, he penned and staged his first tiatr 'Jessica'. Besides his involvement on stage, he has actively served as a panch member in village panchayat of Guirdolim for 10 years.Filipe Mascarenhas: Filipe Mascarenhas alias Filipe de Sanvordem was born on August 6, 1942, at Oddra, Sanvordem. At the age of 16, he started to read and pen music. He is comfortable on saxophone and clarinet. He also plays the violin.In 1960, Maestro Fidelis de Chandor introduced him to the Konkani stage for the first time. He has rendered music to noted directors like C Alvares, J P Souzalin, M Boyer, Jacinto Vaz, John Claro, Alfred Rose, Kamat de Assolna, Prem Kumar, Robin Vaz, Remmie Colaco and others. He has not only rendered music to tiatrs, but also khell tiatrs. He has also provided music to various audio albums.Manohar Pundalik Bhonsle: Participating as a character artiste in the annual Kala Academy's tiatr festival, Bhonsle has carved a niche for himself on the Konkani stage. Besides being a 'mature' artiste of the Marathi stage, Bhonsle has also promoted Goan folk dances.On Marathi and Konkani stage, he has won several awards for his unique character roles. He got the opportunity of enacting a special role in M C Pinto's film 'Nagpanchami'. Based on folk dances, he has released several video cassettes. He has also organized several 'tiatr orientation courses', 'ghumat training camps' and 'bhajan programmes'. For his immense contribution towards culture, he has been appointed as a member of Kala Academy's 'executive board' and 'folk advisory board'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819223", "title": "Put a price tag on nature, it might help", "text": "Debates on the economics of development and GDP growth rates often ignore the fact that conserving forests avoids greenhouse emissions worth $3.7 trillion. Or that over-fishing has reduced incomes in global marine fisheries by $50 billion a year. The economic benefits of environment have, for long, been treated like the elephant in the bedroom, the one we don't see.But in March 2008, a meeting of environment ministers of G8 countries as well as five newly industrializing nations decided it was time to study the economic benefits of biodiversity, and the cost of its loss. The result ? A worldwide study called the The Economics of Ecosystems and Biodiversity (Teeb), a project hosted by the UN Environment Programme , with funding from European Commission and several countries.The same year, the world found itself reeling from a global financial crisis. The International Monetary Fund estimated the loss of financial capital to Wall Street and City of London firms at $2.4 trillion. \"Around the same time, Teeb.... estimated the annual economic loss of the earth's natural capital to be between $2 trillion and $4.5 trillion. In other words, the losses to ecosystem services are greater than the losses suffered through the financial crisis,\" says an article by Teeb's study leader Pavan Sukhdev.Five years after Teeb began, Sunday Times asked Sukhdev why he believed in the need to connect economics with ecology and put a price tag on the services of nature. Sukhdev cites India, where deforestation has had a huge impact on the poor.\"India's development policies need to focus on true development, which means increasing health, education, and income opportunity for poor households. When we finally measure the GDP of the rural poor, we will find that an estimated 350 million people - subsistence farmers, tribals and their families - get half their household income in the form of free goods and services from forests, wetlands,coasts. These benefit flows are economically invisible. They are not measured, so they are not managed . And so they are at risk. There is no hope for real 'development' if we keep destroying our forests, wetlands and coastlines in the name of development. Where will you employ several hundred million poor people if half their basic livelihood is destroyed?\" Sukhdev told this paper in an email from the US.A year ago, India's environment ministry began its own project to 'valuate India's natural capital' in collaboration with Teeb, a sign that the germ of an idea planted at a conference half a decade ago is fast catching on across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12818109", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation employees to go on strike from April 27", "text": "BELGAUM: Employees of the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation will go on an indefinite strike from April 27, pressing for their long pending demands. As a result buses may not ply as employees will stay away from duty.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday, N R Kanago, director of the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporations' Employment Associations' joint fighting committee said there are around 1.10 lakh employees in the four road transport corporations in the state.These employees are deprived of their constitutional facilities and rights and constantly undergoing torture by the managements, he alleged.Kanago flayed the registering of criminal cases against more than 100 employees and transferring them to long distances, for participating in the convention organized by the joint fighting committee in Bagalkot, Hubli, Chikmagalur, Mysore, Gulbarga and Bangalore from March 27 to April 14. He said an agitation is now the only option before the employees. \"We are asking for the fulfillment of various demands including salary revision for the past few years, but the government did not even come forward to discuss on the issues so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12816804", "title": "BSF's firing range inaugurated in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Union minister of state for home Bhanwar Jitendra Singh inaugurated the firing range of Border Security Force at Kishangarh area near Indo-Pak border here. On this occasion BSF special DG Arvind Ranjan, Rajasthan frontier IG KL Meena, Jaisalmer sector (north) DIG BR Meghwal, sector (south) Balwinder Singh Bhajwa, Rajasthan Frontier DIG Pushpendra Singh Rathore, MP Harish Choudhary, MLA Sale Mohammad, including other eminent people were present.Singh reached Jaisalmer at noon by a special plane. He was received by other dignitaries.Rajasthan frontier IG KL Meena, DIG ushpendra singh rathore, ex-MLA Govardhan Kalla, muncipality chairmen Ashok Tanwar , MP Harish Chaudhary including other BSF officers received him.Later he reached Kishangarh range near Indo-Pak border by BSF helicopter, where he inaugurated the firing range in a grand function. BSF artillery soldiers demonstrated various arms 7.6 medium machine gun, 31 automatic grinade launcher, 81 MM mortar firing and hit the targets. This firing range is the biggest firing range of paramilitary force. Jawans and officers of BSF situated in various parts of the country can do the test practice here.It is to be mentioned that world's largest para military force BSF deployed at the international borders of Pakistan and Bangladesh , to meet the new challenges across the borders, to bring sharpness it their hitting capacity and to improve their skills, now have their own field firing range at Kishangarh area in Jaisalmer district. The country's first field firing range has now become operational.He paid his obeisance at Tanot Mateshwari Temple and motivated jawans in the Sainik Samelan here. After Tanot, he went to border outpost (BOP) Moomal and checked the security arrangements.BSF DIG Meghwal said that in the process of modernization,earlier BSF had to be dependent on other field firing ranges to check and test their weapons and other resources. and looking to the new challenges across the borders, the BSF has to attend training programmes of using weapons and other ammunitions.It was felt that BSF needed its own field firing range. \"At present, we have a small level range in Hazari Bagh ( Bihar ) and Dharanga ( Sikkim ), where BSF practises,\" he said.Meghwal added that this is the first modern firing range at Kishangarh area in Jaisalmer. The 7 km long and 5 km wide range covers an area of 9,500 acres. BSF jawans and officers deployed in Jammu, Srinagar, Punjab, Gujarat and Rajasthan can come here for firing practice. In this range, 81mm mortar, 51mm mortar, rocket launcher and other ammunitions will be fired.Meghwal said that modern facilities including electricity, water, visitors' gallery and target for firing etc. have been provided in this range.EomJaisalmer: Union minister of state for home Bhanwar Jitendra Singh inaugurated the country's first firing range of Border Security Force at Kishangarh area near Indo-Pak border. On this occasion BSF special DG Arvind Ranjan, Rajasthan frontier IG KL Meena, Jaisalmer sector (north) DIG BR Meghwal, sector (south) balwinder singh bhajwa, Rajasthan Frontier DIG Pushpendra Singh Rathore, MP Harish Choudhary, MLA sale mohammad, including other eminent people were present.Singh reached Jaisalmer at 12 noon by special plane. Rajasthan Frontier IG KL Meena, DIG pushpendra singh rathore, ex-MLA Govardhan Kalla, muncipality chairmen Ashok Tanwar, MP Harish Chaudhary including other BSF officers received him. Later he reached Kishangarh range near Indo Pak border by BSF helicopter, where he inaugurated the firing range in a grand function. BSF artillery soldiers demonstration 7.6 medium machine gun, 31 automatic grinade launcher, 81 MM mortar firing and hit the targets. This firing range is the biggest firing range of para military force. Jawans and officers of BSF situated in various parts of the country can do the test practice here.It is to be mentioned that world's largest para military force BSF deployed at the international borders of Pakistan and Bangladesh, to meet the new challenges across the borders, to bring sharpness it their hitting capacity and to improve their skills, now have their own field firing range at Kishangarh area in Jaisalmer district. The country's first field firing range has now become operational.He payed his obeisance at Tanot Mateshwari Mandir and motivated jawans in Sainik Samelan at Tanot. After Tanot, he went to BOP Moomal and checked various security arrangements. He thereafter inaugrated barrack's &amp; building's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817389", "title": "We have weaker hearts than Americans: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: There is now statistical proof to say that urban Indian lifestyles are queering the pitch for the Indian heart. Born with thinner arteries and at genetic risk for cardiac diseases, Indians are worsening their risk for heart diseases with poor physical activity, a high-fat diet and by steadily shunning fruits and vegetables.A study released at the World Congress of Cardiology in Dubai on Thursday said four of five Indians led an inactive life and about half were on a high-fat diet. Called the Indian Heart Watch (IHW) study, spanning 11 cities and covering 6,000 men and women, it was offered as the first-ever study on risk factors for heart diseases in India. \"The study showed risk factors are now at higher levels in India than in developed countries and regions such as the US and western Europe,'' said the study's researchers.Indian Heart Watch looked at three lifestyle factors - physical activity, diet and smoking - as well as biological factors like obesity, diabetes, high BP and cholesterol. \"The study showed that risk factors are now at higher levels in India than in developed countries and regions such as the US and western Europe,'' said the study's researchers.Cities, with their urban transport networks and fast-food joints, registered widespread physical inactivity. Even smaller towns had a higher incidence of smoking and low intake of fruits and vegetables. In sum, the research team comprising Jaipur-based cardiologist Rajeev Gupta, said improper urban social development was worsening cardiac risk factors among Indians. The Indian Heart Watch covered major cities such as Delhi, Mumbai as well as mid-sized towns such as Agra, Rohtak, etc.Around 79% of men and 83% of women (who participated in the study) were found to be physically inactive, while 51% men and 48% women had high-fat diets. \"About 60% men and 57% women were found to have a low intake of fruit and vegetables, while 12% men and 0.5% women smoke,'' the study said. Around 41% of men and 45% of women were overweight or obese. High blood pressure was reported in 33% men and 30% women, while high cholesterol was found in one-quarter of all men and women. Diabetes was also reported in 34% men and 37% women.One of the authors, Prakash Deedwania from the University of California, told the Dubai gathering that India had the dubious distinction of being known as the coronary and diabetes capital of the world. His co-author, Dr Gupta said, \"These results show that improving urban planning and overall living conditions are critical to the curb the cardio-vascular disease epidemic in India.\"Mumbai's JJ Hospital's head of cardiology, Dr N O Bansal, said that while urban Indians were guilty of low physical activity levels, the Indian diet is far from high on fat content. \"Indians largely have a mixed diet of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food that is freshly cooked. We don't eat straight from the cold storage or microwave like Americans,'' he said, adding that the fat content in desi food is not high in comparison to the West.\"Indians have to remember that French fries are useless. Having a 200ml of packaged orange juice is equal to having six teaspoons of sugar and is useless,'' said Dr Bansal. \"We should take up yoga and regular exercises-almost 20 minutes per day, five times a week. We should also ensure that our diet contains colourful fruits and vegetables that have bio-flavonoids,'' he said, adding that one should have 300ml of skimmed milk for calcium every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824083", "title": "'The evil queen is crazy'", "text": "... says Julia Roberts about her role in the comedy, Mirror MirrorShe's best known for her roles in Pretty Woman and Erin Brokovich, among others. Jule Roberts, the woman with the million-dollar smile was most recently seen in the comedic adaptation of the classic fairy tale Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Mirror Mirror, as the evil queen. \"The evil queen is such a great character and so crazy too. Director Tarsem Singh really gave us a playground to let us do what we wanted. It was fun to play this villain, because there aren't real rules of syntax or reality that apply to her. I could do anything, and just go off the rails in any direction at any time, and it would make sense to me. It was fun to say whatever awful thing popped into my head. Those bits where I improvised lines from real life were my favorite from the film. It was like my little dream come true,\" says the actor about her role.In the film, the evil queen goes to great lengths to remain youthful. Naturally, the question that comes is if Julia herself needs a lot of care to stay the way she is. \"My family keeps me looking young and good. You've got to keep up with your maintenance, right? It's just happiness and the love of a good man. I think that keeps you. I've got my Prince Charming, I'm good,\" she signs off", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817573", "title": "Teen accused\u2019s dad held for promising to bail him out", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police on Friday night arrested 46-year-old country bar owner Shivkumar Gosalkar for allegedly promising his 17-year-old son that he would get him and his friends out of the case after they planned to assault college student Ansh Agarwal (16).The police said the accused and his 11 arrested friends on Tuesday night assaulted Agarwal with iron rods, bamboo sticks and paver blocks near Kohinoor Hotel in MIDC-Andheri, killing him on the spot.Based on Agarwal's brother Akash's complaint, the police nabbed 12 accused, including three minors. Akash claimed the entire incident was a result of an objectionable SMS that the accused sent to his brother's friend and abusive calls made to their mother few days earlier.\"While searching for Agarwal, the main accused called his father and checked whether he could help him and his friends avoid police hurdles if they assault Agarwal. Shivkumar assured his son that he and his friends could go ahead with their plan and that he would bail them out with his contacts,\" said MIDC police inspector Mohan Waghmare.Waghmare said this gave the accused and his friends the confidence to commit the crime. \"Shivkumar is booked under IPC Section 120 (B) ( criminal conspiracy). He is in custody till April 25. The nine youths arrested are in custody till April 25 and three juveniles have been sent to the Dongri home,\" he said.The accused's friends were willing to accompany him but were worried about the police. \"The accused called his father in front of them. Shivkumar asked them not to worry about the police as he would take care of that,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816273", "title": "On Nagpur University exam eve, paper leaked on SMS &amp; for Rs 1K", "text": "NAGPUR: Many students of Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) Computer Application (new course) final year got hold of the question paper, which was scheduled for Saturday at 9.30am, on Friday itself. Varsity sources added that this might be biggest leak after the Kohchade scam which rocked the Nagpur University in 1999.TOI had received the question paper of 'Business Law' on Friday via e-mail at about 10.29pm. On tallying it on Saturday, it matched the original with all the questions in the same order with just a few words changed. About 2,965 students appeared for the paper, which was their last examination, from 54 centres (28 from the city).Even an SMS of leaked questions were received by many students. NU controller of examinations Siddharth Kane denied the leak after initially confirming it. He put the blame on TOI saying we should have informed them in advance.Incidentally, management council member Mahendra Nimbarte and commerce dean Bharat Meghe too got copies of the leaked paper on Friday night at about 10.28pm. However, both had not checked their mails.Nimbarte stated that the questions in the leaked paper and also the original one were the same and \"it would set a wrong trend among the students if NU failed to act\".\"We will demand a departmental enquiry into the leak and strict punishment to the guilty officials. In fact, the NU bosses should immediately lodge a police complaint with Sitabuldi police station if they are unable to trace the culprits. It is in fact a serious lapse on the part of NU administration,\" he said.\"When I checked my mail, I immediately contacted Kane,\" said Meghe. \"But I can't comment whether the questions are same or not as I have not seen the original paper yet.\"The commerce dean surprisingly ruled out a re-examination stating that since the paper was already conducted there was no point in talking about such things. He said since there was no complaint from any student regarding the leak, NU will not take any action.TOI handed over the copies of leaked and original question papers to Kane at his office at NU exam section on the LIT premises for verification at 4.30pm. He even acknowledged that the questions were the same and it might be the handiwork of someone from one of the 54 centres or from the lecturers who worked in the moderation committee of NU.Kane added that he would take a decision only after consulting vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal. However, after an emergent meeting with Sapkal, he did a u-turn and blamed the media for sensationalizing the issue. The varsity also failed to issue any statement, either through its PRO Prashant Mohite or Sapkal.Chancellor's PRO Umesh Kashikar said that he would be able to comment only after the news is published and on receipt of proofs.Earlier, when Mumbai University's paper was leaked, chancellor K Sankaranarayanan summoned its VC Rajan Welukar and directed him to fill up all important posts including that of registrar, CoE and pro-VC lying vacant for more than one and half years. In NU too the same posts are lying vacant since 2010 but no steps have been taken to fill them up. The Bombay High Court has asked the Mumbai University to conduct re-exam for all 88,000 students for the leak (Masters of Human Resource Management).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12818658", "title": "\u2018Jail ke roti\u2019 to purge them of sin, beat trouble", "text": "PANCHKULA: Who wants to be behind bars? Well there are some Panchkula residents who want this and are going round police stations requesting cops to allow them spend a few hours in jail and have \" jail ki roti\" with inmates in order to purge themselves of their sins. Around five such cases in last week have emerged where people are pleading to go in jail following the predictions of their astrologers indicating that they would land behind bars for some reason.\"On Wednesday an 18-year-old boy and his mother, who seemed to be from a well-off family, came to us as an astrologer had predicted that her son will be imprisoned. She said if he spends a quantum of time behind bars and eats \"jail ki roti\", all his sins will be washed away. She asked us to put him behind bars for two hours,\" said in charge of police post in Sector-15, Ishwar Lal. He added, \"Every few days at least one person comes and requests this and there is no provision for this under the rules.\" \"Sometimes we do give them a chappati made in jail and they get satisfied thinking that all their sins are washed away,\" said Rishi Pal, in charge of the police post in Sector 2, Panchkula.\"Three days back a man in his 40s came with the request to spend a day behind bars and requested us to hit him once on his hand. He said going to jail was in his kundali. We did not allow,\" said SHO of Sector-5 police station, Ajay Singh.\"A year back I was told by an astrologer that there was possibility of me being put behind bars in future and if I eat food with jail inmates there is a possibility that it would be neutralized. I requested the cops at all police station in Panchkula, but they did not allow me,\" said Yogesh, a resident of Sector 11.\"An astrologer asked me to eat a chappati made in the jail. I asked for it but the cops did not allow but somehow I managed to get the dough mixed in jail and made chappatis out of it to purge myself of sins,\" said Raju Awasthi, a resident of sector-9,Panchkula.\"Actually some people have \"dosh\" in their kundalis and have the possibility of going to jail. Only then they are suggested this and if they do this the quantum of punishment is reduced or totally finished,\" said a astrologer Balwan Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12823813", "title": "Husband flings acid on wife after refusal to go back to him", "text": "BANGALORE: A woman had to pay a heavy price for her refusal to go back and live with her husband as the infuriated man threw acid on her, inflicting burn injuries on her face and back at nearby Kengeri on Sunday, police said.They said the couple had been married for 17 years and had four sons.The woman had been living separately for the past five years. Today, her husband, a painter by profession, asked her to come back and live with him, but she refused, leading to a heated argument.Irked, the man flung acid on her, scarring her face and back, police said.The woman has been admitted to a private hosptial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12818493", "title": "Work on Operation Bluestar memorial to begin soon", "text": "AMRITSAR: Work on the memorial to Operation Bluestar could start before what Sikhs call the \"Genocide Day\", observed every year on June 6 to mark the Army operation at Golden Temple.Sources said the five-member committee constituted by the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee to prepare a draft proposal for the memorial is ready with its report, which would be submitted to the executive committee in its next meeting on May 2.Rajinder Singh Mehta, a committee member, said the memorial would be constructed within the Golden Temple complex.On June 8 last year, the SGPC had constituted the committee to draw up the draft proposal, which includes deciding on the venue for erecting the memorial and its design. The committee, under the presidentship of chief of Damdami Taksal Harnam Singh Khalsa, was supposed to table the report in two months.However, irked over the committee's delay in submitting the report, Sikh radical organizations, including Dal Khalsa, Shiromani Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani), Khalsa Action Committee and Panthic Sewa Lehar had constituted a shadow committee -- Saka Darbar Sahib Memorial Committee - to prepare its own report on the memorial. Dal Khalsa spokesperson Kanwarpal Singh said, their report too was ready and they would submit it to SGPC before May 2.The SGPC is also contemplating display of rare and precious articles in specially constructed display windows in the parikarma of Golden Temple for devotees. At present, the Jalau (show of splendor) of these articles is arranged during Gurpurabs and on Diwali. The report on display of rare articles has been submitted to the executive committee for its approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818602", "title": "25 new boats to glide on Sukhna", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Boating is set to get easier and better at Sukhna lake in the coming days, with CITCO (Chandigarh Industrial Tourism and Corporation) planning to purchase 25 boats for visitors to the lake front.These paddle boats, shaped like swans and ducks, will be of two, four and six-seater types. This will add to the CITCO's kitty of 80 pedal boats and half-a-dozen shikaras.Confirming this, CITCO's general manger (tourism) A K Malhotra said, ''In summer, the number of people coming to the lake shoots up, specially those looking for for boat rides. Therefore, we have decided to increase the number of boats to ensure easy availability.''An official, however, ruled out providing motor boats due to environmental issues. As per CITCO reCords, an average of 2,500-3,000 tourists visit the Lake on weekends for boating and 1,000-1,500 come on the week days, but the total number goes up in the summer. There are separate counters for male and female customers to book a ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824186", "title": "Song for Calcutta High Court", "text": "Debajyoti Mishra has composed a song for the 150th year celebrations of the Calcutta High Court.The song weaves in important historical events like the Battle of Plassey and the Freedom Movement. \"\"From the establishment of the Calcutta High Court to how the Freedom Movement gathered momentum in India, all has been dealt with in the song, a part of which is the rearranged \"\"Vande mataram\"\".A melancholic strain runs through this version of the song, which instead of being based on Desh Raag, has been composed in Sri Raag,\"\" says the composer. Apart from Shubha Mudgal, Debajyoti has used 46 more voices in the song. \"\"In order to convey the establishment of the Calcutta High Court, I have incorporated a sawal-jawab session in the song,\"\" adds Debajyoti. A source close to the composer adds that the song has beautifully touched upon the genesis of the judiciary system in the state. \"\"When the High Court was first established in Calcutta, the law would be in favour of the British administration. How it evolved over the years to turn itself into the People's Court is what the song is all about,\"\" says the source. Tanushree Shankar has done a choreography to the song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816715", "title": "Fed up of ailment, man ends life in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Unable to bear a chronic headache problem, a 29-year-old married man jumped from the balcony of his fifth floor residence at Clarke Town at Kadbi Square on Friday midnight.Varun Bagde was suffering from the ailment since three years and could not sleep at night. Police said that in December 2008, Bagde, who owned a small grocery shop at Kadbi Square, had suffered a major head injury in an accident. Since then, he was suffering headache and mental imbalance.On Friday night, Bagde locked his bedroom where his wife Poonam and daughter were asleep and also his brother's room. He then called up Poonam and told her that he is going to end his life by jumping off from the balcony. Before Poonam could alert her neighbours, Bagde pushed the cooler from the balcony and then jumped. He was declared brought dead at a private hospital. Jaripatka police registered a case of an accidental death.In another incident, a 40-year-old Aariq Francis hanged himself to the ceiling hook at his Parvati Nagar residence under the jurisdiction of Ajni police station on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12826298", "title": "Sukma collector's abduction: Maoists set demands, deadline", "text": "RAIPUR: Maoists today demanded release of eight of their jailed leaders in Chhattisgarh and a halt to \"Operation Green Hunt\" in exchange for freedom of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, who was safe, a day afer he was abducted and they also set an April 25 deadline.The demands were made even as spiritual leader Swami Agnivesh expressed willingness to mediate between the Naxals and the government to secure the release of the 32-year-old 2006-batch IAS officer, who was abducted yesterday at Majhipara village in Raipur district where he was meeting villagers for a government outreach programme.Additional Director General of Police Ram Nivas (anti- Naxal operations) told reporters that the demands were made by an unidentified Naxal leader in an audio message to media organisations. The authenticity of the audio tape was being verified, he said, adding no Maoist group has got in touch yet with the state government.According to Nivas, the demands made were an immediate halt to \"Operation Green Hunt\"(anti-Maoist offensive), sending security forces in Bastar region back to the barracks and release of eight jailed Maoist leaders including two women. In the message, the Maoist leader has alleged that false cases have been foisted against the eight jailed ultras.Nivas said police have received some vital clues and added that Menon was safe.Swami Agnivesh told PTI he was ready to mediate and was waiting for the government or the Naxals to approach him.Menon's wife Asha in a fresh appeal said the Naxals should release her husband saying they were married only a few months ago and he had always worked for the people. She said that Menon had some health problems and was not carrying adequate medicines when he was abducted.\"He is an asthmatic patient and I request the government and the Naxals to understand that he is just left with two doses of medication,\" she said, adding that he would not be able to cope up with in case of an emergency.The Association of IAS Officers in Chattisgarh held a meeting here today and appealed to the ultras to release the Collector unharmed.Locals in the area where Menon was kidnapped took out a peace march to demand his release. A large number of people, including school children, participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12816534", "title": "Bollywood struggler\u2019s script: Sleaze, sex and compromise", "text": "MUMBAI: When Rima walked into Mumbai's bright lights - Bollywood and its colourful fringes - she was clueless. \"She was a typical small-town girl with no idea about how to dress for maximum effect,\" says a former roommate of the aspiring actress. Rima couldn't name-drop, she couldn't tell one brand from another, and she certainly had no money to acquire even a pair of designer shoes. \"She would simply simper and not talk much.\"But a couple of years is a long time in the Bollywood-inspired kitschy subculture that permeates a part of Mumbai's western suburbs. The 22-year-old struggling actress has transformed, almost swan-like, into her new role as a 'hostess' for a leading film distributor.All she needed for the transformation was 'an introduction', says the former roomie. \"Rima managed to get introduced to the distributor at the music launch of one of his films. And she hasn't looked back at us even once.\" Rima now wears, along with brands and diamonds, a coat of supreme confidence.This parallel tinsel town begins at Andheri's Lokhandwala and Oshiwara and winds its way up to Malad's Evershine Nagar and a little beyond. Young boys and girls with starry dreams arrive by the dozens every day. Only 3% of these strugglers ever make it to the glitzy side of the real Bollywood, but this depressing statistic never affects the surge of hopefuls who finally don't even care if they make it in film as long as they find some way of earning.In the struggle for perceived stardom and the mirage of megabucks, ethics and so-called societal values have no place. Rima shed her small-town mores to get a jumpstart in her career path and many like her roommate are clearly jealous. They call themselves aspiring models or aspiring actors as soon as they disembark in Mumbai. It is this world that Simran Sood - one of the accused in the Andheri-Malad murders with gangster Vijay Palande - hails from.Bollywood's seamy underside is not news. It has been around since the industry began, but what is new is the attitude: do and don't die. In the words of a producer, \"There are two types of girls who walk into my office every day. Those who genuinely want a career in film and those who want to use their looks to make money.\" His coordinator briefs him about the girls who come to his office before bringing them to him. \"Simran, to me, looked like the second kind of girl - who was not interested in making a career, yet wanted to make money.\"The struggle for the 'strugglers' begins right at the beginning - finding a roof in Mumbai. Model Rozyln Khan, who was questioned by Mumbai police in the Simran-Palande case, says, \"There are some who have parental support, but many girls take the easy way out to fulfil their day-to-day needs.\"Given Mumbai's prohibitive real estate market, renting a house is no child's play. Says a broker who operates in the Bandra-Goregaon belt, \"I get at least 25 girls coming to rent a house in Lokhandwala. They claim they are looking for work in the film or television industry but are willing to pay between Rs 35,000 and 50,000 a month.\" How? He suggests that they willingly double up as escorts to rich old men enroute to stardom. \"These girls will need a lakh a month to keep up their lifestyle,\" adds the broker.Given this parallel industry, for the genuine ones, it is often a struggle to ensure that one is not taken for a ride. Khan talks about the routine fake auditions. \"There are coordinators who come to offer help but with ulterior motives.\" She herself went through one of these fake auditions. \"I landed up at the audition and found three dirty men sitting there watching me. When I asked why there was no camera, they asked me to perform and even hinted at a 'compromise offer'. I sensed it and walked out,\" she says.Another actor, Ankit, almost fell prey to a fake audition. \"I got a call one evening for an audition for 'Shootout at Wadala'. But my friend who was with me called up director Sanjay Gupta, who told him that the film's shooting had already started.\"An old-timer in the industry reveals that auditions are sometimes euphemism for 'pleasure sessions'. He talks about moneyed people checking out young, good-looking men and women. \"An Arab has a flat in Lokhandwala where strugglers are called often for parties and pleasure,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817582", "title": "Kadapa an acid test for Kiran", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kadapa, which will see by-elections in three constituencies, is going to be a testing ground for chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's leadership. The three constituencies, Railway Kodur (SC), Rajampet and Rayachoti fall in the Lok Sabha constituencies represented by A Sai Pratap, a Congressman and a protege of late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.Kadapa is such an important place in the CM's scheme of things that the district has three ministers, DL Ravindra Reddy, Md Ahmadullah and C Ramachandraiah.However, the party is so faction-ridden in the district that health minister D L Ravindra Reddy is keeping away from the election campaign. MP Saipratap said he would not join the campaign if the Congress criticizes Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and his son Jaganmohan Reddy. On the other hand, C Ramachandraiah is for outright rejection of YSR legacy in the Congress.Apart from this, there is a deep division between the erstwhile PRP leaders and chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy apparently on caste lines. This is because a section of the Congress leaders, including C Ramachandraiah, an influential Balija leader, and MLC Chengalraydu, want a Balija candidate to be fielded from Rajampet and a Muslim minority candidate from Rayachoti constituencies.But Kiran Kumar Reddy vetoed the proposal and reportedly selected two Reddys for the two consituencies. The chief minister is said to have recommended the name of Meda Mallikarjun Reddy for Rajampet and M Ramprasad Reddy for Rayachoti. This has the local leaders up in arms.But the rival Telugu Desam Party has successfully won over a strong Balija leader Pasupuleti Brahmaiah, a former MLA from Rajampet and named him its candidate for the constituency.Similarly, the Congress disappointed the minorities in Rayachoti constituency by denying their member a ticket. Taking umbrage at this cold attitude, both Balijas and Muslims do not seem to be inclined to support the Congress candidates in the bypolls. Incidentally, the MIM is using the situation to set foot in Rayalaseema by fielding its own candidate. MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi toured the area and announced the party's intention to minorities.In this background, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy began his three-day tour in the district by participating in the Prajapatham programme in Kodur town and announced sops to the local people. Interestingly, even Saipratap was seen on the dais.On Monday, the CM is expected to visit Rayachoti constituency to enthuse the Congress workers who are disillusioned by the factions in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817607", "title": "Technology has opened up world of possibilities", "text": "HYDERABAD: Have a gripping script? Call your friends , carry the camera, shoot, edit at home... and that's it? You have a feature film!A revolution is brewing in the Telugu film industry. Technology is bringing about a change that looks irreversible. One film has made all the difference for the eight-decade-old industry. A film made with a budget of Rs 77 lakh is on its way to collecting 10 times its investment.With the tremendous success of `Ee Rojullo' directed by Maruthi and shot on Canon 5D digital camera, with practically everyone involved in it, both actors and crew, newcomers, there is now a mad rush in Tollywood to make low-budget films and reap rich dividends.Ram Gopal Varma made `Dongala Muta' with a digital camera but the film sank without a trace. \"We owe our success to Ram Gopal Varma's failure,\" says G Srinivas Rao, producer of `Ee Rojullo', a youthful film that has caught the fascination of the youth.According to film industry sources, more than 50 films are said to be in the pipeline, all being shot on a digital camera. The camera, which looks like a still camera, is said to cost around Rs 1.5 lakh only. A movie can be shot on it digitally and the film can also be edited on a user-friendly software on the computer. It will not be necessary to even come out with prints for the film as they can be digitally projected in theatres. A large number of theatres have already got the digital projection facilities.The cost of production will therefore be very low, which only means that any creative person can embark on making a film. \"A meaningful story which can connect to film-goers and a good script is what is needed most, even if we now have the technology to reduce the cost of production,\" Srinivas Rao says.Some established cameramen have been resisting the idea of using digital cameras, though producers have been keen on adopting the idea. Their contention is that digital cameras will mar the clarity of a film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817078", "title": "Fake I-T officials raid doctor's residence in Saharanpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Swindlers posing as IAS and IPS officers and duping people has been happening since long. But, if police officials are to be believed, a gang impersonating as income tax officials conducted a 'fake' raid at a doctor's residence in Saharanpur. The cheats not only took away cash recovered in the house, but also demanded money as 'bribe' from the doctor to 'hush up' the case. However, one of the racketeers, who apparently had broken away from the group, spilled the beans later by informing the doctor that the raid conducted was not fair and that the doctor was cheated.On the doctor's complaint, the police busted the gang, nabbed three members and recovered some amount of cash. The police suspect that the gang had performed similar fake raids earlier also, but victims, mainly professionals and businessmen, are not coming forward to complain fearing that it may boomerang, as they would have to explain the 'unaccounted money' which they used to bribe the impersonators.The house of Dr Mohan Pandey, resident of South City Extension in Saharanpur was raided by a group of six men posing as income tax officers on April 18. According to the police, six men, one of them posing as income tax commissioner, landed at doctor's residence in a luxury vehicle. The group also had two men dressed as police personnel. The fake income tax team searched the house of the doctor and 'seized' Rs 11.10 lakh. The gang took away the money saying it was unaccounted for. Later, one of them called and identified himself as VD Goyal. He then threatened the doctor of implicating him in tax evasion case and demanded more money as 'bribe'.The doctor was told to send the money through his driver Brijendar and compounder Amresh. The doctor obliged. However, on April 19, the doctor received an anonymous call. The caller informed the doctor that those who raided his house were actually swindlers. The caller named two persons Akal Chandra and Ram Kumar, residents of Jharauli village, following which the doctor lodged a complaint with the local police.On Friday, the police nabbed Akal Chandra and recovered Rs 1.50 lakh from his possession. During interrogation, the accused disclosed that there are seven members in the gang including a sacked police constable of Delhi. On his tip off, Brijendar, the driver of the doctor was also arrested and Rs 1.15 lakh was recovered from him. Police said that the driver informed the gang about doctor's income and played an important role in planning the raid. The other members of the gang are still absconding.Confirming the case, Saharanpur senior superintendent of police Durgesh Charan Mishra said, \"The same gang has robbed many people, which includes another doctor. Busting of this gang will create awareness among the people who will then have courage to raise their voice. Meanwhile, we will also ensure that strict action is taken against impersonators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817191", "title": "Ear, Nose and Throat specialist who removed bullet from MGR's neck dead", "text": "CHENNAI: ENT specialist Dr C Sathyanarayana, who removed the bullet from former chief minister M G Ramachandran's neck after he was shot by his actor colleague M R Radha, died at his residence in Anna Nagar on Wednesday. He was 99. Dr Sathyanarayana is survived by his wife, two sons and five grandchildren.Dr Sathyanarayana was born on October 6, 1913 in East Godavari district of the then Madras presidency. He studied at Madras Medical College (MMC) and joined Stanley Medical College Hospital in Chennai as a lecturer. In 1957, he was transferred to the MMC, where he later became the founder director of Institute of Otorhinolaryngology.His colleagues remember him as one of the finest surgeons. He was a personal physician to many VVIPs, including former chief minister of Madras presidency C Rajagopalachari. Dr Sathyanarayana was invited as a guest at the White House when John F Kennedy was the American president.His former colleague and ENT surgeon Dr S Kameshwaran remembers him as a beautiful sculptor. \"He sculpted in his free time. During surgery, we still saw his artistic skills. His surgeries were very neat and clean,\" said Dr Kameshwaran.But his most unforgettable surgery was the one done of MGR. On Jan 12, 1967, when MGR was wheeled into the Government General Hospital with bullet injuries in his neck, many distinguished doctors did not want to operate on him. Dr Satyanarayana pulled out the bullet that was stuck in his collar bone. \"If the surgery had failed, it could have proved fatal for MGR. It must have been a challenge to operate when there was so much public attention,\" Dr Kameshwaran said.He was also known for his research and was the first honorary editor of the Indian Journal of Otolaryngology. \"He stopped practicing medicine six years ago but he continued to give advice his students till a few days ago,\" said his grandson and theatre actor Ajit Chitturi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817698", "title": "Gujarat University to launch marksheet that stands the test of time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) officials have undertaken the process to make qualitative changes in the marksheet for the fifth consecutive time. Their aim is to issue a marksheet that students can keep for years.The university officials said that this time the efforts are on to ensure that the marksheet does not wrinkle or yellow with time. The material to be used is strong enough to resist wear and tear. Neither does the paper tear off with force nor does it get damaged on getting wet. It can also withstand chemical solvents.Also, the new marksheet will not require lamination. \"We want to give the perfect marksheet to the students and have been making consistent efforts to issue it on such paper that is of not only the best quality but which can be preserved for years,\" said a GU official.GU also wants a better marksheet as it is routinely bogged down with applications to issue duplicate ones after the original gets damaged and becomes unusable. The varsity had undertaken the mission to better the marksheet a few years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12816871", "title": "Now, fly to Amarnath for just Rs 1,445", "text": "JAMMU: With registration for helicopter flights to the cave shrine of Lord Shiva at Amarnath in South Kashmir beginning from May 7 next, a pilgrim can now fly there in Rs 1,445 and Rs 2,355 through two routes.Shri Amarnath Shrine Board CEO Naveen Choudhary on Saturday said, \"From May 7 onwards, yatris can reserve their heli-seats for Amarnath yatra through the web-based online reservation system by logging on to the shrine board's website.\"To reduce inconvenience and delays, Choudhary said, yatris travelling by helicopter would not be required to obtain a yatra permit but shall need to furnish a compulsory health certificate. The board also said that the helicopter services would be available on each of the two routes - Baltal-Panjtarni-Baltal and Pahalgam-Panjtarni-Pahalgam - one-way fare for which has been fixed at Rs 1,445 andRs 2,355, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12820594", "title": "Magic of Marley", "text": "Legends are easy to worship, tough to recreate. Which is why over 30 years since Bob Marley died of cancer, there is still no landmark film or docu on the Rastafarian.No, make that was. For Oscar-winning director Kevin MacDonald has just released \"Marley\", his two-and-a-halfhour labour of love that premiered on Thursday in Kingston, Jamaica - Marley's hometown - and drew tumultuous crowds. It helped that the documentary has the blessings of the extended Marley family.\"Marley\" opened in theatres elsewhere over the weekend, and from the first reports coming in, it seems to have broken the glass ceiling in the way the musician's life has been portrayed so far. Not an easy task, that, since the reggae guru left behind 11 children from seven women. As they say, each one has his own Marley.So what works for his film and how? Kevin, who wore the director's mantle after Martin Scorsese and Johnathan Demme were signed on and dropped, said in an interview, \"The film doesn't commodify Marley. It does the reverse. It strips away the poster image, the T-shirt image and says, 'who was Bob Marley?'\"His docu-feature set out with the agenda of interviewing \"everyone who's alive and was intimate with Bob\". For example, Kevin even met and spoke to the janitor at Marley's recording studio. As it turned out, this man had spent 18 months with Marley and gave fascinating insights into his life.Websites are buzzing with appreciation for the docu and now it's time for Marley fans to wait for the film's release in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12818605", "title": "Multiplex gives city folks another spot to unwind", "text": "KOZHIKODE: This summer city folks will have plenty of options to decide on places to unwind. A stroll through the renovated Mananchira Ground and Sarovaram Bio Park, boating at Kalippoyka, camel ride on Kozhikode beach, or an occasional visit to the newly-opened multiplex...options galore.While a stroll at Sarovaram and Mananchira will be a perfect spot to escape from the heat, the recently opened Film City will entertain the movie buffs with latest flicks.The Film City has five cinema halls, of which two can accommodate 141 viewers and the other three can accommodate 87 viewers. Recliner seats, with a ticket charge of Rs 275 are also arranged at the multiplex. Charges vary from Rs 130 to Rs 200 for double rocker seats.Foodies can enjoy the restaurant facilities attached to it. Plans are afoot to start a game zone for children.The multiplex comes to city at a time when many theatres in the district have closed down. Though the ticket rates at a bit on the higher side, family audience especially from upper middle-class have already making a beeline to the multiplex.Officials of Film City say that as there won't be any booing and smoking inside the theatre.A spa theatre which could accommodate 12 persons will also be opened shortly. \"Recliners and massaging seats are giving live experience to the viewers,\" said Sona Jackson, an IT professional who came to his hometown for vacation.\"We are told that we could soon enjoy snacks, juice and even dinner inside the movie hall just by giving orders from their seats,\" Sona said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821077", "title": "Rajasmita wins 'Dance India Dance 3'", "text": "The search for India's best dancer finally came to an end when 21-year-old Rajasmita Kar was declared the winner at the grand finale of third season of Zee TV's dance reality show \"Dance India Dance\" here Saturday night.The Odisha girl beat Pradeep Gurung, 24, from Assam , Raghav Juyal, 20, from Dehradun , Sanam Johar, 20, of Delhi and Mohena Singh, 23, from Madhya Pradesh's Rewa to walk away with the winner's trophy and Maruti Ertiga car. The show had started off with 18 contestants.However, Mohena got a cash prize of Rs.3 lakh for the best desired performance of the season.The finale was hosted by Saumya Tandon and Jay Bhanushali, who opened the show with their dance performances. Judges and mentors Geeta Kapoor, Remo D'Souza and Terence Lewis also created magic with their spectacular acts, while grand master Mithun Chakraborty was seen applauding the performances.Actor Anil Kapoor came to promote his forthcoming release \"Tezz\" and support the finalists.The winners of first two seasons of the show were Salman Khan , from Bangalore and Shakti Mohan , from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819164", "title": "Love thy neighbour. It\u2019s time", "text": "Suspicion makes people see things. Last December, when a monkey from India strayed into Pakistan, the visa-less simian was arrested and charged with espionage ! A year earlier, police in our own Punjab had held a pigeon and placed it under armed guards for \"spying for Pakistan\" . Since everything is viewed with distrust at the Indo-Pakistan border, strange looks normal there. Just look at what happens at the Attari-Wagah post every day. As soldiers of the two countries waggle at each other like peacocks and bang their boots on the ground, spectators on both sides of the border scream with joy. To an outsider , it's a tragic-comic show of hopelessness.But, of late, hope has replaced doubt. A new Integrated Check Post has been opened at the border to boost trade between the two countries; the two governments have decided to set up the India-Pakistan Business Council, and have agreed in principle to ease visa rules. More importantly , Pakistan has moved closer to granting most-favoured nation status to India.In a globalised world, where market is more crucial than political polemics, a boost in business between neighbours comes as no surprise. What's really startling, however, is peaceful gestures being made by the Pakistani army, an arm many see as the biggest obstacle in warmer relations between New Delhi and Islamabad. On Wednesday, during a visit to Siachen, Pakistani army chief Gen Ashfaq Kayani shocked the media by talking of \"demilitarization\" of the glacial region and \"peaceful co-existence\" with India. New Delhi was quick to welcome Kayani's statement as it was hard to miss the import of what he had said. \"Gen Kayani's overtures mean much more than if the statement had been made by President Zardari or Prime Minister Gilani because it is the Pakistani army that dictates the country's India and Kashmir policies, and it is the army that decides whether the rapprochement is to be allowed to go forward,\" says Brig (retd) Gurmeet Kanwal, adjunct fellow with the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, Washington.India and Pakistan fought their first war within months of independence from colonial rule. The second one happened in 1965. The third - in 1971 - changed the map of the subcontinent. It was followed by a battle in the frozen heights of Kargil in 1999 just as the ties were thawing. Since then the cold has largely persisted, with even cricket between the two arch-rivals being called \"war minus shooting\" .Until now, that is. Suddenly, a lot of things seem to be moving in the right direction with an overall and insistent scale-down of animosity by leaders both here and across. Recently when Asif Ali Zardari came to India on a \"private\" visit, there was hardly any murmur of protest in his country. There were no black flags in India either.No doubt, Hafiz Saeed is a big irritant, but that hasn't stopped the two countries from trying. This week, India cleared a proposal to open all domestic sectors except a few like defence to foreign direct investment from Pakistan. It was a clear sign that the two countries are willing to take their relationship to the next level. \"We should realise that there is no use fighting. Why should we not engage in a dialogue and move ahead? Trade is a binding force. We will move ahead in a lot of areas through trade. The remaining issues can also then get sorted out,\" Pakistani commerce minister Makhdoom Amin Fahim said this week during an official visit to India.It may just be a coincidence that Zardari and his main rival, Nawaz Sharif of PML (N), are both businessmen who understand the role trade can play in normalizing soured relations. Of late, Pakistani leaders have been talking of the way India and China are doing business with each other despite a bitter border dispute. \"Pakistan's decision to accord MFN status to India apparently flows from the realization that without reaching out to India, fixing and turning around the economy would be difficult,\" says Pakistani columnist and writer Imtiaz Gul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12816864", "title": "Divisional forest officer caught red-handed taking bribe", "text": "AJMER: The anti-corruption bureau on Saturday arrested divisional forest officer Sudhir Jain for accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from a contractor at his official residence. The bureau caught him red-handed and recovered the money from under his sofa.According to the police, Govardhan Singh, a contractor of forest department, approached ACB and made a complaint that the DFO was asking a bribe of Rs 50,000 to clear his pending bills of more than 5 lakh for the past 6 months.After receiving a complaint from Govardhan Singh that the DFO is harassing him for clearing his bills, the ACB laid a trap. \"We asked Govardhan to negotiate with DFO about the conditions to get his bills cleared,\" said an official. The DFO agreed for Rs 40,000 the and contractor agreed to pay it two installments. Today he went to the residence of Jain with the first installment and was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12818481", "title": "Cabinet approves 7% hike in dearness allowance", "text": "RANCHI: The state cabinet on Saturday approved the proposal for 7% hike in dearness allowance (DA) for its employees which will be effective from January 1.State cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop said the cabinet had also approved the draft agreement for the Jharkhand State Statistical Plan that will be signed between the state and the Centre. The project will continue for the next five years with a total cost of around Rs 60.29 crore.\"The cabinet also scrutinized the projects to be undertaken by four departments for 2012-13. The departments are that of water resources, rural development, tourism and human resource development,\" said Swaroop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819187", "title": "In the air, a hope song", "text": "Trade for peace\" is the new catchphrase defining the emerging relationship between India and Pakistan - a relationship historically so troubled that, when not actually at war, they have been engaged in a virtual cold war. But the winds of change are now blowing in a more positive phase in bilateral relations, heralded by recent breakthroughs on the trade front.This process was catalysed in May 2010 by the ground-breaking Indo-Pak Business Meet, co-sponsored by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and the Pakistan-India CEOs Business Forum in New Delhi, organised by Aman ki Asha, the peace campaign launched by the Jang Group of Pakistan and The Times of India on January 1, 2010.The campaign itself was an icebreaker in the midst of tensions following the terrorist attacks of November 2008 in Mumbai. According to polls, conducted before the launch and a year later, Aman ki Asha has improved Indians' and Pakistanis' perceptions about each other. The campaign strengthens, and is strengthened by, the non-government organisations that have been laying the groundwork for years. It also energises people on both sides of the border to work for the peace agenda. Other media does cover these efforts, but the Aman ki Asha campaign caught the public imagination as never before, giving both governments the confidence to move towards improving relations. And it has provided the business community with a much-needed platform.The landmark May 2010 Business Meet brought together some 250 Indian and 60 Pakistani businessmen and women in an unprecedentedly large and high-powered gathering, addressed by Indian finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . The delegates' joint statement highlighted achievable objectives, including six sectors with the highest potential for mutual cooperation: textiles , information technology, agriculture , healthcare, energy and education.The statement urged both governments to ease visa restrictions, especially for the business community and simply let people meet, as \"the single greatest step the governments can take, that will have the greatest impact in all areas of concern\".It urged lifting the ban on cellphone roaming between India and Pakistan, probably the only neighbouring countries in the world that disallow this facility, and on video uplinking from India to Pakistan.With Indian and Pakistani IT companies keen to work together, the IT Committee has convened several times. The Health and Education Committees have met; Pakistani and Indian Rotarians have joined hands with Aman ki Asha to provide free surgeries for children with heart diseases. At closed-door conferences and strategic seminars organised by Aman ki Asha, thoughtleaders and opinion-makers have discussed sensitive issues including water, media, security, Kashmir, and terrorism (former heads of RAW and ISI attended the last one). Their joint statements reflect consensus on key issues.Aman ki Asha's concerts and readings involving music and literary giants, and sustained campaigns for easing visa restrictions (' Milne Do' ) and releasing cross-border prisoners (' In Humanity's Name' ), have blared \"peace\" and crossborder collaboration in the public domain as never before.All this contributes to laying the ground for better political and diplomatic relations . President Asif Ali Zardari was warmly received in India, even by the traditionally hard-line BJP. His invitation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to visit Pakistan appears likely to be taken up this year.The enormity of suffering caused by the military standoff between Pakistan and India came to the fore with the Siachen avalanche that killed 135 Pakistani soldiers. Pakistan's opposition leader Nawaz Sharif , and even chief of army staff Gen Kayani have joined the growing chorus of voices on both sides of the border calling to de-militarise the world's highest battleground, where extreme weather conditions have claimed more lives than 'enemy' fire.Meanwhile, the trade route to peace is moving along. Last week, the CII and the Pakistan Business Council (PBC) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Aman ki Asha agreeing to host annual conferences alternately in India and Pakistan. The second Aman ki Asha Indo-Pak Economic Conference, and the first under this partnership, is scheduled to take place on May 7-8 , 2012, in Lahore .There is a growing realisation that war between the two nuclear-armed neighbours is not an option. Countries that engage in mutual trade and investment don't go to war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817017", "title": "'Manpower crunch behind accidents'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decadal growth rate of vehicles in Lucknow has touched 250%, while the growth rate of roads is only 10%. This mismatch along with grave concerns like heavy traffic, mixture of fast and slow moving vehicles, less number of bypasses, flyovers and foot-over bridges, insufficient road capacities and public transport system has added to the prevailing traffic woes.\"Besides many messy roads in the city and limited options for road widening, almost 25-30% of road space is occupied by informal sector, which includes street vendors. Lack of traffic management facilities like parking, pedestrian facilities, encroachments, traffic signals, one-ways and insufficient road network are also responsible for the increasing traffic menace,\" said S S Dalal, a town planner, during a workshop on future 'Traffic Solutions for Lucknow' organised in Lucknow University. He added that there is a shortage of funds and coordination between various development agencies.\"The main reason behind traffic hazards is the lack of manpower. According to 2010 estimates, the population of Delhi is 1.53 crore and the deployment of police force is approximately 7,000 in comparison to Uttar Pradesh where the population is 21 crore and the deployment is only 4,056,\" said Arthar Husain, Secretary, Lucknow First.Suggesting solutions for traffic, Dalal said, \"The road network of inner ring road including Shaheed Path and outer ring road should be constructed. Other than the co-ordination between various agencies, there should be widening of master plan roads like Lucknow-Barabanki, Lucknow-Sitapur, Lucknow-Hardoi, etc. New links should be built on Kukrail Bandha roads and G H canal elevated road.\"Manoj Dixit, head, department of Public Administration, Lucknow University said, \"People do not mind paying meagre amount of Rs 50-100 as penalty, which should be increased. Bearing such low costs is easy for them, instead they should realise that it is a punishment and should try to learn a lesson from it.\"(Asmita Pandey and Priyangi Agarwal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12818387", "title": "Koraput court denies bail to 3 Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh activists", "text": "KORAPUT: A court in Koraput on Saturday rejected the bail application of three Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) activists, including a woman, accused in a murder case in Narayanpatna police station area in 2009.Defence lawyer Khaleed Khan said additional district judge (fast track) Prabhakar Rao of Koraput rejected the bail petition of Rupani Sirika, Santosh Nachika and Ramesh Nachika, arrested for their reported involvement in the murder of Jagabandhu Tadangi of Dumusil village in Narayanpatna. Among them, Rupani and Santosh's name featured in the list of Red cadres sought to be released by the Maoists in exchange of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka.\"It is unlikely that the trio will appeal for bail in higher court, due to their poor economic condition,\" the lawyer added. Fifty-year-old Rupani being a cancer patient, the jail authorities have sent her to Berhampur for treatment.The defence lawyer said, \"On the one hand, the government is saying that it will facilitate the release of the CMAS activists if they appeal for bail, on the other hand, their bail applications are being rejected at court. My clients don't have the financial strength to file bail application in higher courts.\"Earlier, a Jeypore court had granted bail to at least five CMAS activists arrested on various charges. Presently, at least 23 CMAS activists are lodged in Koraput jail for their involvement in offensives in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon police station areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817066", "title": "'BSP finding it tough to digest CM's initiatives'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party on Thursday hit back at senior Bahujan Samaj Party leader Swami Prasad Maurya, a day after he termed CM Akhilesh Yadav's meeting with people as nothing but a drama. The party in a statement said that BSP leaders are finding it difficult to digest the initiatives taken by Akhilesh Yadav.Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the BSP leaders should remember their days when no one was even allowed to move around Kalidas Marg because of the fear of Mayawati. \"Leave alone public, the BSP chief not even met her own party leaders. Not even dalits were spared,\" Chaudhary said.A day before, the SP had slammed senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharti for her comments asking SP leaders to keep its cadre under control. Chaudhary, said that it was totally undemocratic and unparliamentary on the part of BJP leader to comment in such a way. \"She has been a chief minister herself. Every state government should be given some time to settle down,\" he said.The party had also reacted sharply to the BJP state president Laxmikant Bajpai's comments that UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav 'is relying on America to develop the state'. Bajpai on Thursday had expressed surprise and anguish on the reports that said that the UP chief minister had entrusted the responsibility of development of the state to the America-India Business Council.\"How can outsiders decide the needs and challenges the state is facing?\" he had questioned at a press conference. He argued for an all party meeting to discuss the issue and prepare the roadmap for developing the state. \"It is surprising that the socialist ideology of the Samajwadi Party has accepted the American thought and policy,\" he quipped.Chaudhary, added that the BJP leadership is scared of the success of UP chief minister. \"Barely a month has passed and the BJP leadership has started showing signs of anguish,\" the party spokesperson said.Meanwhile, Samajwadi Party revoked its decision to cancel the party membership of its two workers -- Jagannath of Fathepur and Kali Shankar Yadav of Gorakhpur. At the same time, the membership of Ajay Sharma from Hathras was terminated following allegations of he being involved in the anti-party activities.The party also changed the district presidents in four cities. While Akhilesh Mishra replaced Rajnath Yadav in Varansai, Jitendra Yadav was given the charge in Shravasti in place of Mohammad Alam Naimi. Likewise, Manmohan Saini was named the district president of Moradabad in place of Gopal Yadav. In Gorakhpur, Shakeel Ansari was replaced by Shahab Ansari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817239", "title": "Panel to help implement food safety Act", "text": "PUNE: An expert advisory committee will soon be formed and it will assist the local food and drug administration officials in implementation of Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, and Regulations, Rules, 2011, said Mahesh Zagade, commissioner, Food and Drug Administration, Maharashtra, on Tuesday.Zagade was speaking at an interactive session organised jointly by National Agriculture and Food Analysis and Research Institute (NAFARI) and Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA).Representatives from food processing industries, traders and entrepreneurs attended the session, which was aimed at addressing questions and problems regarding the implementation of the new act and its rules.The Agri-food Directory, a compilation of addresses of various manufacturers, businesses and industrial production units in the supply chain of food processing, was formally released by NAFARI on the occasion.Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director general, MCCIA, said such deliberations and interactions in the preliminary stages of the Act were important for its effective implementation.M A Tejani, member, executive committee, MCCIA, and president of All India Food Processors' Association, said the new act was a long-term vision and aimed at unifying separate legislations. \"However, there are some teething problems when the implementation begins. Thus, stake-holders from industry and trade, along with the government, can together find solutions,\" said Tejani. Tejani suggested the formation of expert advisory committee which will address stakeholders' problems concerning the act and thus facilitate its effective implementation.Tejani also sought clarity on the roles of the municipal corporation, Weight and Measure Department, and the state excise authority in the implementation of the Act to avoid duplication and dual enforcement. He added that the definition of \"proprietary food\" needed to be made clear. \"According to present understanding, each proprietary food requires separate approval and licensing, which is highly impractical. Industry associations have already taken up the matter with food safety standard authority in Delhi,\" added Tejani.Zagade, in response, said confusion about the provisions of the new act may have been the result of fewer interactions between the state authorities and stakeholders from the industry. \"This act is more of a developmental act rather than a regulatory act. Also, the act is not an imposition on business, but seeks expansion of the food industry, enabling it to compete internationally. Complying with the standards of this act will enable the food industry in India reach the international market,\" he said.\"I have taken up the issue of forming a techno-scientific committee with the centre. Such a committee will come up on the local level throughout the country. The committee will promote more interaction between the implementing agencies of the act and stakeholders in the industry,\" said Zagade, adding that the lacunae in the provisions of the act will also be taken up with the central authority separately.Vinay Oswal, director, NAFARI, suggested that nominations for the techno-scientific committee should come from the industry. \"Also, the process of forming this body will be based on a selection criterion, while its operation will have a specific protocol. The body will undertake a multi-faceted role, making sure that the new act is implemented effectively. One of its roles will be scientific evaluation of issues related to food safety, and food products, eliminating food hazards and the like. The ultimate goal is that consumers should get good, healthy, hazard-free and nutritious food,\" Oswal said adding that the body will consist scientists and technologists from the food processing industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12818092", "title": "Rajkot scion buys Palitana's Hawa Mahal for 18 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The palace of Palitana, the Jain pilgrimage town, will make way for a heritage hotel. Hawa Mahal, built over 10 years starting 1931, has been bought by the royal family of erstwhile Rajkot state for Rs 18 crore.Mandhatasinh Jadeja, whose firm Trident Developers purchased the property from the royal family of Palitana, plans to have his new acquisition, built with a mix of limestone and green-stone, included in the state's heritage tourism circuit. The mahal overlooks Shetrunjay Hills, considered auspicious for Jains.\"My mission is to promote tourism, where we conserve property that can be converted into a hotel for adaptive use. This new acquisition will add to our heritage properties,\" said Jadeja, an honorary director on the board of Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited.Hawa Mahal has two palaces in the same compound - the new one, a three-storey structure was built by Mistri Purshottamdas Gilabhai in an Edwardian style during the reign of Bahadursinh Mansinh of Palitana. The old palace - designed and built by engineer HS Davies Esq during 1907-09 - is in a dilapidated condition and needs extensive repairs.\"It is believed that every Jain visits Palitana at least once in his or her lifetime. The place records a footprint of more than 10 lakh people annually. The heritage places will offer an interesting experience and will also provide the young with a glimpse of Palitana's history,\" said Jadeja, who believes with vegetarianism on the rise worldwide the town will attract foreigners as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817946", "title": "Postmortem of family backs murder report", "text": "GURGAON: The postmortem of the bodies of four members of a family discovered in Surat Nagar on Friday has confirmed that the wife and two daughters were murdered before the husband committed suicide.Anand Prakash had stabbed his wife Laxmi and daughters Bulbul and Priya and then hanged to death from the ceiling fan. His wife's body had nine stab wounds while his daughters' throats were slit. The police recovered the weapon at the crime scene but are yet to ascertain the trigger of the tragic murders and suicide.On Saturday morning, a postmortem, conducted by two doctors Dr Deepak Mathur and Dr Hazari Lal, has corroborated the result of the initial investigation. According to Dr Mathur, forensic medicine specialist at the Civil Hospital Gurgaon, \"the woman has nine to 10 stab wounds that appear to have been caused by multiple weapons like sharp weapon/ knife and all the wounds were on her back, front of her neck and the face. The throats of the two minor girls were slit and they have one injury each on their throats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "contai", "code": "12818061", "title": "Former Hidco official held for faking identity", "text": "CONTAI: Anjan Bhattacharya, former public relations officer of the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco), was arrested at Contai on Saturday for identifying himself as chief minister Mamata Banerjee's brother Kartick Banerjee. Bhattacharya was produced before the Contai subdivisional court and remanded in five-day police custody. Cops will interrogate him to know why he faked his identity and came to Contai.On Friday evening, Contai SDO Sumit Gupta received a phone call from Bhattacharya who identified himself as the CM's brother, Kartick. The caller told Gupta that all necessary arrangements should be made for his visit to Contai as he was coming for a personal work.\"The caller said he was the chief minister's brother and needed accommodation for two to three days. He also said that the matter had to be kept under wraps and nobody should come to know about his visit,\" Gupta said.At 9pm on Friday, Bhattacharya reached Contai SDO office in a hooter car, identified himself as Kartick Banerjee and asked for immediate accommodation. The SDO questioned him as to why he was pleading for such secrecy, but Bhattacharya insisted that nobody should know about his arrival. None, however, suspected anything and he was provided with an accommodation by the SDO office.However, it was Bhattacharya's driver who spilled the bean through his inconsistent accounts. Drivers in the SDO office spotted the contradictory versions and the matter was brought to the SDO's notice.Gupta then requested Contai IC Subrata Bakshi to start a probe to get the details of the \"CM's brother\". The police started its investigation and cross-checked if Kartick Banerjee had at all left Kolkata on Friday. It was learnt that Banerjee was in the city throughout Friday and did not leave for Contai or anywhere else.The cops then searched the car that carried Bhattacharya to Contai. A press card found inside the car revealed the real identity of the person. Bhattacharya was immediately picked up. Police are interrogating him but is yet to ascertain Bhattacharya's motive behind faking his identity. Locals said that Bhattacharya may have a relative's house in the area as he had been seen at the place on few occasions earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817724", "title": "He single-handedly proves adversity is no handicap", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He does not have a hand but his confidence compensates for his any shortcomings. Harish Kumar, 41, a city-based telecom industry professional, is all set for national record of the fastest all-India driving expedition by a differently-abled person. Kumar will start off from Gandhinagar on Sunday morning and will cover capitals of all the states and union territories in his Tata Safari in 15,000+ kilometer journey.\"I belong to Dehra Dun in Uttaranchal and my profession brought me to Ahmedabad in 2002. Since my birth, I had an unformed right hand. I earlier felt bad about it but then I started exploiting the possibilities and also later took on to activities such as driving,\" said the IIT-Delhi and IIT-Roorkee graduate.What prompted him to take the arduous journey across length and breadth of the country? \"Ever since I laid my hands on my father's car in 1999 for the first time, I fell in love with cars and even participated in Himalayan rally and other national competitions. When I came across national records, I decided to challenge myself and went through the categories. One can take north-south or east-west 'border to border' journey or entire coastal highway and complete it in record time. However, one category attracted me and that was all-India driving expedition,\" said Kumar.Talking about the requirements, he said that the record aspirant has to start from a state capital and taking a pre-decided route by Limca Book of Records, come back to the starting point to be eligible for the record. \"I will be accompanied by an assistant in the journey. As a requirement for the record, I will have to get signatures of gazetted officer at every capital and collect receipts at toll booths as evidence along with my logbook and photographs,\" said Kumar. He is hopeful that he will be able to finish the journey in a matter of 22 days.He will also spread the message of safe driving and national harmony through his journey. \"I am excited at the prospect of meeting so many different people from all walks of life. I believe it to be one in a lifetime adventure and am looking forward to it. What better than carrying a social message along? I will be talking about road safety and national integration to people whom I meet on the road,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12818590", "title": "Grand plan to modernize Kozhikode railway station", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The railways seems to have at last looked up to problems faced by passengers of railway station here. In a move to add more amenities to the station, the authorities will set up platform shelters in the first and fourth platforms.According to the Piyush Aggarwal, divisional railway manager (DRM), Palakkad division, tenders will be invited to set up foot overbridges in the southern end of the state, for which Rs 1 crore has been set aside.M K Raghavan, MP, after holding a meeting with the DRM here, said Memu service will be started in Kannur-Shornur route after the electrification work in the route is completed by December 2013.Railway officials said multi-functional complex, with facilities such as medical shops and internet cafes, will be commissioned at the earliest. Battery-run vehicles for senior citizens will be put into service with public sponsorship. The meeting decided to open e-ticketing shops. To start with it will be opened in Koduvally block panchayat office. A proposal has been made to set up an automatic ticket-vending machine for platform tickets.To address water shortage in the station, one more bore well will be dug. The railways will also seek the help of Kerala Water Authority to provide water. The railways will also appoint a consultant for upgrading the Kozhikode railway station. In the meeting, Agarwal promised take steps to open one more reservation counter in the fourth platform to reduce the rush for ticket booking. Steps will be taken to retender the plan to set up escalator in the Kozhikode station, according to the divisional manager.Aggarwal said he will take up the issue of Kozhikode Corporation rejecting its request to handle waste from railway station with the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817895", "title": "Centre moves SC in ship sinking case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Saturday sought the Supreme Court's urgent intervention to stay a Bombay High Court order that permitted a Cyprus merchant vessel MV Nordlake, which allegedly rammed into and sank a Rs 1,058-crore Indian Navy ship, to leave Indian shores after furnishing a bank guarantee of Rs 46.87 crore.A special bench of Justices H L Dattu and B S Chauhan sat in open court on a non-working day and pulled up the naval authorities for not taking enough steps to file appeal against the HC's March 17 order and then moving the apex court registry with an urgent plea \"as if heavens are going to fall\".Asking additional solicitor general Indira Jaising to reserve her arguments on merits of the petition to Monday, the bench said the valuation report of the merchant ship was yet to be prepared and there could be no apprehension that the Cypriote ship would be permitted to leave the shores.\"Only after the valuation report is accepted by the single Judge bench of the HC that the division bench's order will come into effect. We will hear the matter on Monday. But, we do not want to set a precedent that the Supreme Court would sit on a non-working day to hear a recovery suit,\" the bench said.Surprising it may sound, but on a sunny afternoon of January 30, 2011, navigators of MV Nordlake as well as the naval warship did not see each other. The Nilgiri class frigate, INS Vindhyagiri, was hit by a container-laden Cyprus flag flying merchant vessel MV Nordlake near Sunk Rock Lighthouse off Mumbai causing severe damage to the warship's structural integrity leading to its total loss.Commissioned on July 8, 1981, into the Navy, INS Vindhyagiri was primarily used for anti-submarine operations, ocean patrol and naval gunfire support. The Union government accused MV Nordlake of \"recklessly altering its course\" to collide with the warship.The government had filed an Admiralty Suit against the ship MV Nordlake and its owner MS Nordlake, a company incorporated in Germany, in the Bombay HC and raised a claim for Rs 1058.54 crore.The respondents filed a Notice of Motion seeking release of the merchant vessel promising to furnish a security of Rs 46.87 crore, which was equivalent to the ship's total value.In her brief arguments before the apex court bench, Jaising said that the continuance of India's jurisdiction over the foreign ship was crucial to the final adjudication of the Admiralty Suit. \"Once the ship sails out of Indian territorial waters, it will be difficult to establish jurisdictional control over the merchant vessel,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12817972", "title": "Work on Tulu Bhavan gets underway", "text": "MANGALORE: If everything goes as planned, the district will have its first Tulu Bhavan, a cultural centre for various activities of Tuluva culture, in a year or two.Deputy speaker in Assembly N Yogish Bhat on Saturday inaugurated the construction work at Urwa Stores here.The 52,000-square feet building will have an auditorium, exhibition hall, heritage centre and other infrastructure in three floors. Sufficient space will be provided for parking in the basement. Bhat said the government has already released Rs 3 crore for Tulu Bhavan which is to be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 4.9 crore.\"The district administration has already deposited Rs 1 crore with the public works department. Work should commence soon and the officials must ensure that it completes in a year. We are planning to open the bhavan on the auspicious day of Akshaya Thadige in 2013,\" he said.The foundation stone for the building was laid here on October 1, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "12818199", "title": "Couple hacked to death over land dispute", "text": "TUTICORIN: An aged couple was hacked to death by a gang in a land dispute in Tuticorin district on Friday night. Police have launched a hunt for the couple's neighbours, who are on the run. Police said Murugayya (52), a native of Alanda village had recently obtained deeds for a nine cent land near his house. His neighbour Sankaran also claimed ownership of the land. and quarrelled with Murugayya.Ten days back, Murugayya had the police summon Sankaran to the station, and the two were told to settle their dispute with a revenue official.On Friday night, Sankaran along with relative Muniyan quarrelled with Murugayya, abusing and allegedly assaulted him and his wife Sornam in a drunken state. The couple was returning after lodging a fresh complaint when a gang hacked them indiscriminately at the outskirts of the village. tnnThe public rushed the couple to a hospital, where they were declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818855", "title": "Floor Space Index boost to redevelopment of koliwadas", "text": "Redevelopment may finally have reached the original inhabitants of Mumbai. The existing old fishermen's colonies could give way to high-rises as the state government increased the Floor Space Index (FSI) up to 2 for the re-development of koliwadas in Mumbai, on the lines of gaothans.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday cleared the proposal to double the existing FSI for koliwadas, from the current FSI of 1.A senior Mantralaya official handling the issue said, \"An FSI of two means that the total constructed area of the structure would be twice of the area of plot on which the construction is done. The move will pave the way for development activities around the coastal areas of the city, especially in prime locations such as Colaba, Worli, Juhu, Verosva and Sion-Koliwada .\"Rajesh Mangela, member of the Maharashtra Machimaar Kruti Samiti, welcomed the government decision, but expressed fears about the 'builder lobby' taking advantage of the new rules to give a new look to the old villages of the city.Even a senior official attached to chief minister's office , admitted that the developer lobby will try to make the most from the amendments to the development control (DC) rules.\"The FSI has been raised with the intention to help the fishermen's community. But the government will have to work out some rules that will give protection to the original inhabitants and ensure that the developers do not throw the old inhabitants out of the city, ,\" the official added.In August 2011, the BMC had forwarded a proposal to the state government asking the latter to amend the DC rules to increase the FSI for koliwadas.T C Benjamin, additional chief secretary, urban development department said, \"Gaothans are demarcated on the village maps available with the administration. However there is no such demarcation of koliwadas. Next week a meeting of land record officials from the island city and the suburbs will be held. The land record officials will be asked to conduct a survey of the koliwadas and prepare boundaries of these areas. The entire process would take two to three months.\"Benjamin further stated, \"The BMC had forwarded a proposal to increase the FSI, hence this amendment will be applicable to koliwadas within Mumbai city limits. If any other municipal corporation submits a similar proposal , the urban development department will consider it positively.\"Ram Patil, general secretary , National Fish Workers Forum, said, \"The community members can make use of the FSI for creating space that is required for running their fishing businesses.\"However some leaders of the fishermen community are of the opinion that the increases in FSI would not make much difference.\"With the space crunch in the city and growing families , most community members have already illegally extended the original structures . An increase in the FSI to 2 would merely help them regularize unauthorized constructions ,\" said a fishing community leader from south Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12818502", "title": "CPM making inroads in Naxal-hit areas", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Following the decision taken at the 20th party congress which concluded here recently, the CPM has intensified its activities in the tribal hamlet in Dakshina Kannada in Karnataka where there is a strong presence of the Maoists.M B Rajesh, Palakkad MP, and former state president of the DYFI, visited Belthangady taluk in Dakshina Kannada district where two encounters took place between the anti-Naxal force and the Maoists in a gap of two months.The immediate provocation for the CPM to intervene was the arrest of a journalism student of Mangalore University on charges of aiding the Maoists. Vittala and his father were picked up by the police on March 9, 2012. \"Vittala is active worker of the DYFI and the member of CPM's sub-committee on tribals. He has nothing to do with the Maoists,\" said Rajesh.According to him, the anti-Naxal force is trying to evict the members of the Malekudiya tribe forcibly from their land. Kuthlur village in Dakshina Kannada comes under the Kudremukh National Park, which is a notified area under the Project Tiger. \"The government has asked the tribals to vacate the area after taking Rs 10 lakh as compensation. An NGO, which has been entrusted with the implementation of compensation package, took Rs 2 lakh as commission,\" he alleged.The CPM has asked the tribals not to vacate their land. \"We have asked them to refuse the package and say no to displacement,\" Rajesh said adding that he will raise the issue of Vittal's arrest in Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ballia", "code": "12825242", "title": "Army chief hints at one rank one pension scheme", "text": "BALLIA: Chief of Army Staff General V K Singh today hinted at implementation of one rank one pension and said all information regarding ex-army men would be collected and their problems would be sorted out.Addressing a conference of ex-army men Gen Singh said that all efforts were being made to implement one rank one pension from the last two years.Stating efforts were also being made to remove disparity in the family pension scheme, the COAS said it may take time, but there would certainly be one or the other good outcome.Implementation of one rank one pension scheme would involve an expenditure of Rs 3,000 crore, but it was less from the point of the welfare of the soldiers, Singh said.He was here to unveil the statue of former Prime Minister Chadrashekhar at Devsthali.Assuring soldiers after becoming pensioners they would not be forgotten, Gen Singh said both unit and headquarters have been directed to speedily redress pension related and other complaints of ex-army men.He said that all details of ex-army men, including that of their families, were being gathered and they would include whether any family member of an ex-army man was aggrieved and what his problem was.Though the media was kept away from his programme some reporters managed to enter the venue and enquired Gen Singh whether he would hand over documents related to the bribery case to the CBI.Gen Singh refused to comment and said that media should gather information from the CBI in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12816790", "title": "Non-local has no right to build in CRZ: Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority", "text": "PANAJI: A non-local person who purchases land within 200-500m of the high tide line but is not a traditional inhabitant or plying a traditional occupation cannot construct a dwelling unit or a farmhouse in CRZ area.The new CRZ 2011 regime laid this down in law, but the Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority has made it watertight in a landmark order recently after a Delhi-based resident applied to it for construction of a farmhouse within the CRZ of Mandrem village.\"Merely purchasing land within 200-500m in CRZ areas for purpose of putting up a construction, cannot confer traditional rights on the purchaser as equivalent to a person belonging to local community/traditional inhabitant of that area, nor can such rights be claimed for the purpose of putting up a dwelling unit/farmhouse in terms of CRZ Notification 2011,\" GCZMA member secretary, Michael D'Souza has stated in his order.As per the CRZ Notification 2011, the construction of dwelling unit/farmhouse, etc in CRZ areas shall be only for local community/traditional inhabitants of the coastal areas, the order notes.Rakesh Sahani, a Delhi-based resident, had filed a writ petition in the high court seeking directions to be allowed to construct a farmhouse in Mandrem. After NGO Goa Foundation opposed the petition, the court disposed of the matter, referring it to GCZMA to decide.GCZMA while rejecting the application, in an order dated March 28, 2012, ruled that CRZ 2011 permits only traditional inhabitants along the coastline to construct or reconstruct their dwelling units.\"The traditional rights and customary uses while regulating construction activities of dwelling units in the coastal areas evidently discloses the law-framers intention that construction of dwelling units have to be within the ambit of traditional rights and customary uses prevalent and practiced in the concerned locality, i.e. the coastal area,\" the order states.Pointing out that it cannot be expansively used to refer to non-traditional individuals, the order further states, \"Obviously it will relate to the persons engaged in traditional occupations in such locality which would include fishing, toddy tapping, plantation, etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12824891", "title": "Rare Shiva Lingam found near Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: They were just laying a trench to earn the Rs 120 a day promised by a landlord. But when the villagers from Madurantagam, 77 km south west of Chennai, dug up a green granite Shiva Lingam on Sunday afternoon, little did they know that they had unearthed a 600-year-old treasure.Sunday discovery is second in a decade on the same place. As part of construction of a Shiva temple, a group of workers were deepening a portion of the open land on the Surrakuttai sub-station Main Road in Madurantagam to lay concrete foundation when one of them struck a stone idol at seven feet depth. I found it difficult to remove sand and felt some stone got struck when the earth mover machine found it tough to remove sand, said S Kandan, a worker.Immediately, workers informed the landlord, A Udayakumar, who makes stone sculptures for temples known as Sabathi. After pain-staking efforts by removing sand on all four sides of the treasure for nearly an hour, workers lifted the stone idol with a mechanised crane. The Shiva Lingam, which is six-feet tall and 1.5 feet wide, is complete, with no damage to its structure. It's around 11.30 am, we found the idol. We also found a old structure made of limestone some seven feet deep. Experts can only throw light on the discovery, said Udayakumar.The open plot, which cover 18 cents of land, was brought by Udayakumar early this year for Rs 22 lakh to construct a Shiva temple after many failed attempts by him to rope residents to chip in for the temple construction. After a visit to several Shiva temples in Karnataka, Udayakumar started the temple work early this month. Interestingly, more than a decade ago, residents shifted a seven-feet-tall granite Shiva Lingam along with a six-feet- tall Nandhi from the same spot where Sunday's discovery was made to the famous Murugan temple in Madurantagam. Because, the Shiva Lingam and Nandhi remain abandoned for many decades and the owner of the plot sold the land. \u0153It's a privilege for us. We would take necessary steps to preserve the idol and also request archaeologists to study the structure and publish a booklet about the findings, said Madurantagam municipality's chairman, K Malarvizhi.The Shiva Lingam, archaeologists said, would be around 600 years-old and belong to Later Chola period. The structure is neat without any damage. Like Sriperumbudur (the birth place of saint Ramanuja), Madurantagam is also a great centre for both Vaishnaviites and Shaivaiites. Besides, Madurantagam is one of the holy places visited by saint Ramanuja. To highlight his visit, temples in Madurantagam has Ramanuja's idol dressed in white on all days while in other temples outside the town, the saint is dressed in ochre.Based on architecture features, the granite Lingam was made during Later Chola period because it was during their era, idols especially Lingams are made in a single stone and non-detachable. Prior to that, all three portions of the Lingam are detachable. Besides, the name of the place (SurraKuttai) where the Lingam was discovered also indicate the place might had been a pond where villagers would have worshipped with a Shiva Lingam. Excavation of entire area might yield more rare objects, said former deputy superintending archaeologist of the state archaeological department, K Sridharan, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817937", "title": "Panda-monium at Kalighat", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court order banning devotees and pandas from the sanctum sanctorum triggered chaos and confusion at Kalighat temple on Saturday with a child getting injured in the melee.In the order passed on Friday, the court directed that only two priests and two cleaners would be allowed in this innermost and holiest chamber and their names would have to be given to police. Hoping to touch the feet of the goddess for the 'last time', hundreds of devotees jostled in front of the temple the whole of Saturday. As the crowd got bigger after the temple re-opened at 4pm, the chaos worsened.\"I had come to the temple hoping that everything would be in order after the court directive. But it was total madness. If you can cough up a handsome amount, you will be entertained at the shrine. If you refuse to pay, you are thrown out,\" complained Rajib Singh, a resident of Siliguri, who had come to the temple with his 5-year-old son and 80-year-old father.Singh could not even get anywhere close to the inner chamber as pandas were making a beeline to help their clients enter. Singh had to retreat after his son got badly injured in the jostle near the sanctum sanctorum. Singh eventually lodged a complaint at Kalighat police station.Surprisingly, though the high court has passed an order banning the entry of VIPs into the sanctum sanctorum, Trinamool Congress MLA Paresh Pal was seen coming out of it without a hassle. \"I had come to offer my prayers. I come here frequently, ban or not,\" Pal said.Everybody was obviously not as fortunate as Pal. Marco, a tourist from Italy, wanted to take a look at the deity closely. But in the mad jostle, he could not venture anywhere close to the sanctum sanctorum. It was only after he paid some money to a panda that he was allowed inside. \"It was too crowded. I could not even see the deity properly,\" rued Marco who had come to the temple along with four other foreign tourists.Sushila Gupta, a resident of Ballygunge, and Nandita Dey of Jadavpur had come to touch the feet of the deity for what they feared would be the last time. Though they managed to reach the sanctum sanctorum, both of them felt insulted as a section of pandas allegedly misbehaved with them. \"After reading about the high court ruling in the newspapers, I came to touch Ma's feet which I'll probably never again be able to do. But I could not even go close to the deity because of the massive crowd and the huge number of pandas,\" Dey complained.When asked about the utter chaos inside the temple, Gopal Mukherjee, secretary of the Kalighat Mandir Committee, said they were yet to receive the copy of the high court judgment, due to which the ban on entering the sanctum sanctorum could not be enforced. \"We don't know whether we can implement the ban even on Monday. Let's receive the copy of the judgment. Action can be taken only after that,\" Mukherjee said.The order has, however, alarmed the pandas. \"They keep on passing so many orders, but they have never done something so strong. This will affect us badly,\" said 35-year-old Manoj Jha, who has been working as a panda at the temple since he was a child. If the order is implemented, pandas will obviously not be able to extort devotees by promising them smooth darshan inside the inner chamber.The court has also directed that security officers be appointed in the temple. They were, however, nowhere to be seen on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12820510", "title": "Inspect industries around Kaziranga: Green Tribunal to MoEF", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Green Tribunal has sought a report from the Ministry of Environment and Forest on industrial units functioning in the vicinity of the Kaziranga National Park in Assam.Asking the ministry to conduct a survey in the park's vicinity, the Tribunal also expressed its displeasure on the ministry's failure to a respond to the plea which alleged unregulated quarrying and mining activities in the 'No Development Zone' around the park and Tiger Reserve and Karbi-Anglong Elephant Reserve in Assam.\"We express our displeasure as the MoEF has not filed its reply despite several opportunities given to it,\" the Tribunal said, adding if no reply is filed till May 23, the next date of hearing, it will go ahead and decide the case on its merits.\"The MoEF, meanwhile, shall conduct an inspection of the site through responsible officers of the MoEF and submit a report on the total area of 'No Development Zone' and number of industrial units functioning in side zone of its vicinity, and demarcate the same in the map,\" said the Tribunals' bench of its Acting Chairman Justice A Suryanarayan Naidu and Member G K Pandey.The order came on a petition by Assam-based transparency activist Rohit Chaudhary through advocate Rahul Chaudhary, seeking directions to the government to stop quarrying and stone crushing units around Kaziranga National Park, which is home to the largest population of one-horned rhinoceros.During the hearing, advocate Ritwick Dutta, appearing for the petitioner, submitted a list of brick kilns, stone crushers, stone quarries and tea factories operating within the 'No Development Zone' of the Numaligarh Refinery. (more)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12816692", "title": "Chandapur Municipal Corporation plans solid waste management project", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Chandapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) has proposed a solid waste management project for disposal of its 100 ton garbage daily. Chandrapur being second most polluted place in country, CMC has been shouldered with the task disposal of its solid waste in eco-friendly manner under action plan meant for curbing of pollution.Evaluation of the project is in final stages. CMC is dealing with a German-based company to rope in its services to construct garbage disposal plant on bypass road. \"It will be a solid waste based power project. The plant will utilize refuse derived fuel (RDF) through waste gasification technology to generate power. CMC will ensure supply of 100 ton of garbage per day to the waste management project,\" said chief officer Ravindra Deotale.CMC has well-equipped garbage collection mechanism. While door-to-door garbage collection system is in place in town, it has recently added number of garbage collection vehicles to its fleet. At present over 80 tons of garbage are collected from the town every day. Once solid waste management project is in place, CMC will ensure 100 tons of garbage supply to the plant.\"The project will come up at garbage dumping site on bypass road. It will facilitate the treatment of solid waste in eco-friendly way. The existing garbage on the site will also be disposed off in the same project,\" he said. He held that it would be first of its kind project in Vidarbha where solid waste will be utilized for power generation.Implementation of solid waste management project is part of pollution control action plan in Chandrapur. While MPCB is looking over the overall execution of the plan, CMC has been shouldered with the responsibility of the project. With Rs 250 crore approved for CMC development under Chandrapur penta-centenary celebrations, the project may not face much hurdle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817100", "title": "More trains to get 'green toilet' cover", "text": "LUCKNOW: After providing bio-toilets in five pair of trains last year, Railways is planning to bring more trains under the green toilet cover this year. It was in 2010-11, that Railways had started providing the rakes with bio-toilets. Lucknow-Mumbai Pushpak Express was given the new toilet technology last month. Varanasi-Mumbai Mahanagari Express is another train, which has also been identified.The effort is a part of Railway's effort to upgrade cleanliness and hygiene in and around tracks and station area. Bio-toilets are already running in trains like New Delhi-Rewa Express and Gwalior-Barauni Express.Railway officials say that green toilets aim at zero-defecation on the ground. Thus not only making it a likable sight at stations, but also preventing damage to tracks by way of corrosion. The new toilet-technology also promises to separate the non-degradable waste that passengers mostly flush in toilets, before eventually disposing them. After this, the wastes are disposed at the terminal stations in an environment-friendly manner.The bio-toilets have been jointly developed by Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and Railways.Till March 2012, Railways had set a target to turn out five rakes with 300 bio-toilets by Rail Coach Factory.The toilets have been designed keeping in mind Indian requirements like long distance travel and toilet habits. The retention tanks will store the waste empty the same at terminal stations into sewage lines thus not dropping the waste all along the track. The solid and liquid waste will be separated in the tank, while liquid will be re-cycled and used, a bacteria will disintegrate the solid waste thus making it non-polluting to the environment.Currently, train toilets are of direct discharge type. As the Railway network grows and number of passengers increase, open discharge of waste will be a bigger problem. This is one major reason why green toilets are required, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818308", "title": "Student's 'stolen' phone stirs war among profs", "text": "LUDHIANA: There was much frustration and confusion at Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Ghumar Mandi, when a BA first-year student complained to the principal that his cellphone was stolen and found in the possession of a teacher's son.It occured in an examination hall where Sahil Gupta was present for an exam on April 7. According to reports, the student disclosed the happening in his letter to principal R P Singh on April 20.Sahil said professor Gurpreet told students to place their cellphones on lecture stand before exam commenced, which he did so. After taking the exam, Sahil said he was unable to locate his cellphone. On asking Gurpreet, the professor denied having any clue.Sahil, in his letter, said his friend is known to him and Gurpreet's son.He said that after some days, he came to know from this friend that the stolen cellphone was with Gurpreet's son. Sahil said he met Gurpreet's son on the issue but did not get a satisfactory response.\"Then, I questioned professor Gurpreet and he told me that the cellphone was bought from a dealer but he could not tell me the name of the shop,'' Sahil mentioned. Sahil said he told the professor that the matter was with the police. On this, professor Gurpreet asked Sahil not to elevate the matter and told him to collect the phone from his residence. Sahil said he got the cellphone back on April 10, but wrote to the principal as he feared that the professor might implicate him falsely. \"Please protect me,'' he wrote. A twist was added to the story when the principal received yet another from Sahil on April 21 where he said that he wrote the previous letter on being instigated by three teachers of the same college - Hargunjot Kaur, Manjeet Singh Komal and Varinder Singh Birdi.The three teachers said, \"We have been falsely blamed for unknown reasons.'' Also, Gurpreet said he too was innocent. Sahil Gupta remarked: \"I want an impartial inquiry in the matter.'' Efforts to contact principal went in vain. College vice-president S P Singh and general secretary Gursharan Singh said they were not aware of such a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818077", "title": "Woman held for throwing baby from balcony", "text": "Pooja Sharma, the Ghaziabad resident who allegedly threw her 11-month-old baby from her second-floor residence, was arrested on Saturday morning. Pooja will now be produced before a magistrate.After a tiff with her mother-in-law on Friday evening, Pooja allegedly threw her baby from the balcony of her house in the Sahibabad area. The baby died on the spot. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817913", "title": "Sanitation inspector accused of corruption", "text": "GURGAON: While Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) officials blame 'incompetent' sanitation contractors for filth on roads, a contractor has claimed that senior sanitation inspector blocked his payment of Rs 15 lakh for not paying bribe.\"We got MCG contract for sanitation work in Sikanderpur and Gadoli in February 2011. Sanitation inspector Bijender Singh said that until I gave him 50% of the money, he would not release my payment,\" said Shailender, director of Neelkanth Delhi Education Welfare Society. \"Not just this, Bijender Singh terminated my Sikanderpur contract in August 2011. I went to MCG commissioner for help. But only partial payment for the work in Gadoli has been released. All the payment for this year is yet to come. I have no money to pay salaries to my employees and they have stopped working,\" he added.The contractor has now written to the financial commissioner of the urban local bodies department in Chandigarh. But when contacted, financial commissioner Ram Niwas said he is yet to receive the letter.The sanitation inspector, however, said, \"These allegations are baseless. I haven't released his payment because the MCG audit department had raised objections about the bills that were submitted. I have sent the file for the approval to the commissioner. Once that's done, the payment will be released.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12817931", "title": "Riders show how to burn rubber, not soul", "text": "MYSORE: Motorcyclists from Bangalore Pandhis (BP), a Harley Davidson riders' club, on Saturday rode on their mean machines in the city for a cause -- they were here to create awareness on road safety.Around day-break, over two dozen HD owners vroomed past the city's thoroughfares, stealing attention of thousands of road users and public.As part of Ride for Safety Rally organized to create awareness about traffic rules and road safety, they passed through Albert Victor Road, Devaraja Urs Road, Mysore-Hunsur Road before culminating at SJCE campus, the venue for Jayaciana-2012 fest organized by the students of Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering.The rally started from Windflower Spa and Resorts and concluded at SJCE campus, where youths from different parts of the city converged to catch a glimpse of HDs.Speaking to STOI, an HD buff and II year BBM student Sujan Gowda said watching so many HD bikes, including HD variants like Iron 883, Roadking, Street Glide and Super Glide, is an unforgettable experience. \"I'm excited as I got to a chance to interact with HD riders,\" he added.The members of BP club, who have travelled over 5,00,000 km across the nation, have not restricted themselves to cruise around in a particular geographical area. This Bangalore-based club was founded in October 2010 with just eight members. Now, the club boasts of over 150 HD bikers. Badri Narayan, founder member of the club, said that 15 HD bikers are going to take part for the first time in the annual bike rally which will be held in Sturgis city of USA in August. \"In the mega motorcycle rally, around eight lakh bikers from across of the world would take part,\" Narayan added.Their passion to burn the tyres of heavy metal HDs is never ending. They are planning to ride all the way to London. Another member of the club, Gopi Krishnaswamy, said the London trip has been scheduled for 2014. \"Any HD rider can join our club, and we are ready to ride for any social cause. Travelling long distances is our passion,\" he said, adding: \"Our motto is to enjoy bike riding safely as we believe in burning the rubber, not the soul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12818427", "title": "Water crisis: Next meet on Pazhoor project on Friday", "text": "KOCHI: Dramatic events unfurled at the high-level meeting convened on Saturday to discuss the implementation of the much-delayed Pazhoor water supply project for Ernakulam district.The meeting convened by the Kochi Corporation and attended by water resources minister P J Joseph, excise minister K Babu and food and supplies minister Anoop Jacob, in the end decided to hold another meeting on Friday to take further action.Panchayat presidents of villages on the 9.5 km stretch between Piravom and Mulanthuruthy, where the road has to be cut for laying the supply lines, boycotted the meeting protesting the difficulties it would create for residents in the area.According to them, their plea to divert the line through an alternative route was denied based on a study report. More than 250 buses ply on this particular stretch every day connecting eastern parts of Kottayam and Idukki districts with Kochi. Cutting the road would disrupt the traffic, they said. They however attended the meeting after the district collector convinced them to join it. This project has also been facing hurdles on the land acquisition front. Piravom, Maradu, Mulanthuruthy, Kanayannur, Manakkunnu and Nadama are the areas through which the project has been planned.The excise minister told TOI that the Pazhoor project had been facing hurdles ever since it was envisaged in 2006. \"The project will improve water supply to the city with an additional 100 million litres per day. It will bring respite to areas like Cheranalloor, Poonthuruthy and Vennalla. The water from Muvattupuzha River can take care of the city's requirements till 2014. But we cannot implement the project without the consent of all involved,\" the minister said.The Friday meeting will be held at the collectorate. A team that includes panchayat presidents, taluk officials and other peoples' representatives will visit the location through which the pipeline is to pass. \"The collector will inspect the originally-planned as well as the alternative stretch to evaluate which one is feasible. The government is serious about the future of the project andwill take necessary steps to implement it without causing hardships to residents. We hope people realize its potential,\" he said.Mayor Tony Chammany, district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth, MLAs Hibi Eden, Dominic Presentation, Ludy Louis, Benny Behnan, and representatives of various departments attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817168", "title": "Teens call the shots over travel plans", "text": "BHOPAL: Scorching heat seems to have kindled the spirit of vacation among the Deb family's senior members who plan to visit the hills of Shimla by the fag end of this month. The mercury level is likely to be nearing its apex in the city then. But whether the family will carry its backpacks in groups or alone will depend on the say of the junior most member of the family Sayan, their teenaged son studying in class IX at Delhi Public School.With summer holidays commencing this week, families are busy gearing up for a getaway. But gone are the days when parents would consult travel guides or depend on word-of-mouth reviews from friends and relatives who had treaded the similar route last year. Of late, the teenagers in the family have been in the driver's seat.Rajan Deb, a Bhopal-based businessman and father of Sayan says, \"Next year, we're planning to go to Europe as my son is crazy about football and that's where all the clubs are. Even though South Africa was on my wife's wish list, that has been put on hold for a while.\"Teenaged sons of SK Sonpure, a BHEL employee, would also decide where the family heads next after Kanya Kumari and Himachal Pradesh just like the previous years.\"My two sons have been taking a call for the past couple of years about the holiday decisions. They surf the net for probable travel destinations, hotels, bookings etc. They have better idea about the various locations across the globe and are also good at planning itinerary,\" he said.Agrees Varun Chadha, COO JourneyMart.com who says children are more tech savvy and familiar with travel destinations these days as they spend maximum amount of leisure time surfing the internet.\"Social media is a highly dynamic medium. Teenagers in the age bracket of 14-15 start becoming very active in the virtual world. I witness so many kids mailing queries and booking tickets online on behalf of their families for both domestic and international travel.\"In the state capital, there has been an upsurge not only in the numbers of domestic travelers, but also in the number of those flying abroad.\"We have registered a 45% growth in the international traffic alone since last year,\" said an official from an international tours and travel agency.The statistics speak for themselves. While there were 180 tourists for Europe last year, there are as many as 310 tourists this year mostly families, as of April this year, according to the agency.\"Previously, trend towards South East Asia (Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore) was prominent. These days, Europe scores high as the package rates differ only by around Rs 10, 000,\" said another international travel and tour operator.In the domestic sector, Achyut Singh, IRCTC regional manager informs that hill stations, top the chart during summers.Turbulence in Kashmir also deters a very few who like to praise glorious sceneries.\"Tourists travelling to Kashmir have increased as compared to last season as conditions are better in the valley now. Our Kashmir Paradise package already has 70% occupancy. Each package consists of 60 people. Similar is the case with Himachal, Sikkim and Darjeeling which are parts of the Himalayan Glory and the North East Wonder respectively.\"\"Going by the current craze, the package may be repeated again in the coming months,' he adds.\"It is also a misconception that the Indian travellers include less adrenaline junkies. While the 'family holiday' category is dominant in the domestic sector, popularity of adventure tourism is catching up quickly among the young ones in the age group of 25-35,\" adds Chadha.Chadha says that both in domestic and international travel, adventure trends were prominent, which featured in the top five reasons for holiday search on his website.\"People who are tired of visiting the mundane places like Europe, USA and South East Asia opt for the adventure category, mostly in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. But these packages are usually customised,\" says another international operator in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818022", "title": "Salman Khurshid seeks state support for changes in judicial system", "text": "KOLKATA: There may be differences in opinion when the government plans something new, but the reactions should be skeptical rather than cynical, Union minister of law and justice, Salman Khurshid , said during the inaugural ceremony of the sesquicentennial celebrations of Calcutta high court on Saturday. His ministry is taking steps to provide an affordable and transparent system of justice to citizens, Khurshid said.\"'Justice for all' has been the greatest challenge for the country since Independence. We want to reduce the pendency period and ensure that citizens get quality justice in comfort. We also want to make justice affordable. We have planned the establishment of an All India Judicial Service and to increase the service age of higher court judges to 65 years. However, before bringing about any changes we will seek full support of the state administrations,\" Khurshid said, turning back from the podium to look at chief minister Mamata Banerejee while making the last remark.He said the Centre has allocated over Rs 5,500 crore for reforms in the judicial system. A portion of this will be utilized for the e-court system. According to Khurshid, there have been demands that Calcutta high court be the first in the country to introduce the e-court system through which lower courts would get connected online to the high court.\"I would urge Justice Altamas Kabir to consider the possibility of getting graduates from top law schools and allowing them a three-year retainership to provide legal aid. This will go a long way in helping us achieve the Right to Justice,\" Khurshid said.Justice Kabir, who according to Mamata (though 'unofficially') is slated to become the next Chief Justice of India, said there is need to provide justice to the marginalized sections, including children and transgenders. \"The National Legal Services Authority (NALSA) wants grant access to justice to all. Look at the condition of street children or transgenders. I met transgenders who are doctors or very good in performing arts, but are still marginalized. In Chennai, the government has set up a board for the marginalized. This is a commendable step. Ethics and morals are the highest in Calcutta high court. I know this as I have worked here for nearly 30 years. I would just urge the Bar to go beyond party lines and work as one,\" the Supreme Court judge said.The Chief Justice of Calcutta high court, J N Patel, said the court needs to perform with a greater degree of responsibility. \"In 1911, there were 14,000 cases pending in the court. Today, there are 3.5 lakh cases pending. The profiles of petitioners have changed. Every year, over 80,000 cases are filed while 60,000 are disposed of. If we operate in full strength, we shall be able to bring down the number. We have plans to link 67 court premises in the state by computer,\" the chief justice said.Mamata, in her speech, indicated that the system needs to be changed for better dispensation of justice. \"Lawyers have to scream in court to be heard. The court rooms need to be modernized. In the last 11 months, we have done our best to fill up the vacancies of district judges. There are many lawyers who are not prosperous. We have announced several schemes for them,\" she said.While Mamata would have been happy with Khurshid's promise to consult the state governments on any new schemes, the speech by Vice-President Hamid Ansari could have got her wondering about the events of the last few days. In his speech, Ansari spoke at length on the need to uphold civil rights and human dignity. He cited several court rulings that have highlighted the need to uphold these rights. In the last few days, professors and scientists have been arrested in Kolkata for making their views public or participating in civil rights rallies.Among the others present at the programme were Governor M K Narayanan, Justice S S Nijjar of the Supreme Court, Justice P C Ghosh and Justice K J Sengupta of Calcutta high court, state advocate general Anindya Kumar Mitra and state law minister Moloy Ghatak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827321", "title": "Amala Paul bags Ravi Teja\u2019s next flick", "text": "Actress Amala Paul has become one of the most sought after actors in both Tamil and Telugu after the success of Love Falure. The actress has a Ram Charan film in her kitty and buzz is that the dusky actress has been signed up to play the lead opposite Ravi Teja in his next flick. Parasuram is directing this movie tentatively titled Sir Osthara. Nithya Menen was initially approached for the role but she turned it down. Looks like Nithya's loss turned out to be Amala Paul's gain. Apparently the actress is going to be playing a very glamorous role in this movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817905", "title": "In memory of Vivekananda", "text": "The place where Swami Vivekananda stayed during his stay in Mysore is now a memorial. What belied that this could be a monument has emerged from the ruins, speaking volumes about the focused approach for conservation. What passed off as a structure of yore with some architectural designs is now a monument that will map the Hindu monk's Mysore stay in 1892. Vivekananda came from Bangalore to Mysore in November 1892, and was here for over two weeks. He gave public discourse in Sanskrit at Sadvidya School.Of the 16 disciples of Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, six, including Vivekananda, had come to Mysore. Vivekananda was here in 1892, followed by Swami Ramakrishnanda in 1903 and 1906, Swami Abhedananda in 1906, Swami Brahmananda in 1916, Swami Shivananda in 1921 and Swami Vijnanananda in 1931.Vivekananda's Mysore visit followed an invitation from dewan K Seshadri Iyer. The dewan, while on a tour of Bangalore, met the young monk, only to be struck by the scholarship and deep knowledge of Vedanta the latter, after which he was invited to Mysore. When Vivekananda came down to the city, he preferred to stay put at Niranjana Mutt, the low-roofed structure abutting the dewan's mansion. Later, he shifted to the neighbouring dewan's bungalow located next to the mutt and stayed there.The dewan, who initiated many public works, including Asia's first hydro-electric power station at Shivanasamundra, was impressed by Vivekananda. According to 'Vedanta Kesari', the dewan wondered: \"Many of us have studied much about religion, and yet what has it availed us? Here is this young man whose insight exceeds that of anyone I have ever known. It is simply wonderful.\" It is Iyer who introduced Vivekananda to maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar.'Vedanta Kesari' notes that \"the young monk's brilliancy of thought, charming personality, wide learning and penetrating insight\" struck the maharaja, and he was made a state guest and was requested to stay at the palace. It is said that the monk advised the maharaja on many important issues and discussed with him for long everyday. When the maharaja died in December 1894, Vivekananda was at the US. He wrote from there: \"The maharaja of Mysore is dead-one of our greatest hopes.\"Located on Seethavilas Road, the place was in a shambles before the authorities woke up and rejuvenated it. The CM will dedicate it to the public on Sunday. This came after the MCC allocated Rs 25 lakh for its rejuvenation in 2007, but went nowhere since it was not clearly known as to who is the custodian of the property. Later, it was established that it is the department of public instruction that has the authority of the property when plans for its revival was initiated.During his stay at the palace, Vivekananda was introduced to a noted musician from the west when he spoke about European music for long. One day, an assembly of scholars was on at the palace to discuss Vedanta, and the monk was invited to attend it. It is said that the pandits were startled when Vivekananda spoke about the subject, given his originality of thinking and perception of the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817788", "title": "Road rage: Businessman thrashed", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another incident of road rage in the capital, two unidentified persons allegedly thrashed a 45-year-old businessman after their cars collided on Friday evening. The incident occurred in Dabri near Dwarka in southwest Delhi.The businessman, identified as Nand Lal, is a resident of Mongolpuri. He was on his way home when his Wagon R was hit by a Honda City from behind. There were two men in that car.An argument ensued, which soon turned nasty and both parties came to blows. Lal was badly thrashed and the duo fled the spot after that. In the melee, however, Lal lost his chain.He went to the nearest police station and lodged an FIR. He told cops that the accused took away his chain after it fell on the road.No one was arrested till Saturday evening even though cops said they were looking for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816848", "title": "CBI says Indra tried to get a statement issued against CM", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Saturday filed a supplementary chargesheet against four more accused -- Indra Bishnoi, government teacher Reshmaram Bishnoi, one Pukhraj Bishnoi and Dinesh Bishnoi - accusing them of conspiracy in the Bhanwari Devi murder case.In its 17-page chargesheet, the CBI has claimed that Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi's sister Indra Bishnoi provoked one small-time politician Kanaram Devera to make a public statement against chief minister Ashok Gehlot. Indra allegedly asked Devera to say that he and Bhanwari Devi had met the chief minister at his Civil Lines residence in Jaipur and showed him the CD which had the nurse in a compromising position with sacked minister Mahipal Maderna. However, Devera refused to oblige.However, the chargesheet does not mention the claims made by Indra Bishnoi later in front of media persons about Bhanwari meeting the chief minister. Before disappearing, Indra had created ripples by claiming that chief minister was aware of the sex CD.So far, 16 persons including Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh have been arrested in the case. Indra Bishnoi remains the only identified accused who is absconding. The chargesheet against 13 accused was filed on February 29.As per Saturday's chargesheet, Indra was close to Reshmaram Bishnoi. Pukhraj is the son of PHED contractor Sohan Lal Bishnoi who has already been chargesheeted in the case. Dinesh is Pukhraj's cousin. All the four have been booked under Section 120B of IPC (criminal conspiracy) to be read with Section 364 (kidnap for murder), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence) and 302 (murder) of IPC.The chargesheet says that Reshmaram Bishnoi and Indra Bishnoi had watched the CD showing legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Bhanwari in a compromising position. The chargesheet says that Indra's maid had seen Reshmaram while he was destroying this CD stolen from Bhanwari's house. Reshmaram threatened the maid not to disclose this to anyone. Indra and Reshmaram even approached two video parlour owners -- Rajesh Parihar and Vijay Laxmi Joshi -- to find out whether had the copy of the CD showing Malkhan with Bhanwari.The supplementary chargesheet claims that Pukhraj Bishnoi had been given Rs 10 lakh in two installments by small time politician Sahiram Bishnoi on behalf of Mahipal Maderna for kidnapping and killing Bhanwari. Pukhraj was to give this money to his father Sohan Lal Bishnoi. Dinesh was also present with Pukhraj in one of the two meetings with Sahiram for taking the amount.Dinesh Bishnoi also gave Bhanwari's husband Amarchand Rs 50,000 on behalf of Sohan Lal Bishnoi for implicating Malkhan Singh in the case and misleading the police.Pukhraj had helped his father Sohan Lal Bishnoi to prepare the papers of the swift car which was being sold to Bhanwari Devi on an unrealistic price. Dinesh Bishnoi signed the affidavit for the car deal as witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12823675", "title": "Newly married groom elopes with mother of three in UP", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Leaving his newly wedded bride in the lurch, a man eloped with a mother of three children one day after his marriage, police said here today.Sanjay got married at Parikshhat Garh in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh on April 19 but the next day, he eloped with another woman in his neighbourhood who is a mother of three children, SP (Rural) Jagdish Sharma said.The woman's husband then filed a police complaint against the groom, the SP said, adding, the newly wedded girl's family, too, filed a complaint.Missing persons report for the man and the woman have also been lodged and investigation is on, Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818587", "title": "3 hurt as truck falls from bridge", "text": "PATNA: Three persons were injured as the truck they were travelling in fell down from the Mahatma Gandhi Setu near Gaighat early Saturday morning.Police said the accident took place as a truck coming from Sitamarhi to Patna hit another truck on way to Hajipur from Patna. As collision took place, the driver of the truck on way to Hajipur lost control and fell down from the bridge after breaking its railing. Traffic was disrupted on the bridge for some time.Fire in bank: A fire broke out at the Rajivnagar branch of the State Bank of India (SBI) here in the wee hours of Saturday. Locals said the fire broke out at around 3.30am, after which fire tenders were called in. Two fire tenders took around an hour to douse the flames. Police said the fire was caused due to short-circuit. Around half-a-dozen computers and air-conditioners were destroyed in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817952", "title": "'Intelligent' streetlights on New Railway Road", "text": "GURGAON: A so-called Intelligent System has been installed in the streetlights on New Railway Road which will help conserve electricity. The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has launched phase 1 of the Intelligent System to supply the conserved electricity for residential use. Under this system, sensors will be installed in the 10,000 streetlights under the purview of the MCG to control them automatically.MCG chief engineer B S Singh Roha, said: \"This is a sensor-based system which has already been placed on New Railway Road. If successful, it will be installed on all the main roads in old Gurgaon. This automated system will be monitored from the MCG office.\"Around 20,000 units will be saved through this project which will be used to light up 2,000 households in the city. This system will have sensors to detect light or darkness and the streetlights will be switched on and off accordingly. A 24-hour record system will also be installed which will be operated via smart chip in the main MCG office.To install the intelligent system, the MCG has taken quotations from four companies and may take some from some other companies as well in the future, as and when required. Y K Garg, superintendent engineer, said, \"The Intelligent System is the result of a a year of planning. The entire process will take six to eight months.\" He also estimated the installation process on each road will take two months.The major roads which will soon have this system are Old Railway Road, Pataudi Road, Masai Road, old MG Road, Old Delhi Road and the stretch between Rajiv Chowk and Sohna Road. Experts say that this system will benefit a city like Gurgaon, which is facing severe power shortage as it will eventually save enough electricity to light up at least a single bulb in each of 2,000 households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12817894", "title": "Disability rehab centres planned", "text": "MYSORE: The government has sanctioned Rs 30 lakh for each of the 30 districts to set up disability rehabilitation centres (DRCs).Announcing this before reporters here on Saturday, K V Rajanna, state commissioner for disabilities, said the DRCs will provide social, educational, and medical rehabilitation for the disabled. \"With the help of departments of horticulture, animal husbandry, and agriculture, prominence will be given for skill development of disabled persons. DRCs will also be given funds to hire at least 20 persons as staff,\" Rajanna added.He said there are plans of including village-rehabilitation workers (VRWs) to collect details of specially-abled pesons in villages and taluks. VRWs will be paid an honorarium of Rs 700. A meeting will be convened with joint directors of all departments in May to discuss vacancies of jobs for specially-abled persons, he added. The officer pointed that various departments are yet to decide on the posts for the specially-abled.\"But Bangalore, which has to provide 5% jobs for specially-abled, has neglected the issue and problems related to specially-abled and issues related to disabilities couldn't be solved unless a separate secretary is handpicked,\" he said, and charged \"inefficient\" Red Cross with failing to reach remote areas of the state.Rajanna criticized the officials of women and child welfare department for allegedly not implementing projects and schemes properly related to specially-abled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12818184", "title": "China 'guru' promoting group sex faces arrest", "text": "BEIJING: Police are looking for China's leading Tantra guru, Qin Mingyuan, after they closed down three of his meditation centers for allegedly encouraging group sex and wife swapping. A woman, who organized classes at one of the centers, was detained in Guangdong, southern China.Qin's resume says that he learnt teaching about \"warm, free love\" at Pune's Osho training center. His Chinese mentor, Li Yi, was accused of raping and having affairs with female disciples.An official said Tantra classes promote values that \"go against public morals''. \"If they continue to develop, they will eventually become cults,\" Global Times said.Chinese government has been wary of cult movement since it crushed the Falun Gong cult violently in 2009.Gurus like Qin have emerged amid rising demand for spiritual solace among well-off Chinese. The Global Times described the trend as \"homegrown version of New Age mysticism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817519", "title": "Protest against police \u2018atrocities\u2019 peacefully, say Muslim activists", "text": "HYDERABAD: Khudai Khidmatgars (KK), a team of seven activists from different states, on a multi-city tour called Safar-e-Insaaf-o-Bhaichara (Quest for Justice and Universal Brotherhood) reached the city on Saturday with the message of fighting against illegal arrests of youth across the country and for closer relations between different communities. They noted that a majority of these illegal arrests were those of Muslims but added that youth from other communities too were picked up by the police.Covering 4000 kilometres and 16 cities and towns en route to Hyderabad from Batla House in New Delhi on April 12, the group addressed a large number of listeners at Mecca Masjid and said that the unconstitutional detaining of Muslim youth by the police is a threat to the secular and democratic nature of the country and brings about the death of Gandhian values. Faisal Khan, a member of KK and National Alliance of People's Movement (NAPM) said, \"Mass mobilisation and non-violence are more important than political affiliations. The victims and families of the illegally detained youth must raise their voices against the injustice meted out to them by the cops. They must take to the streets.\"After speaking at Mecca Masjid the group interacted with Shaik Abdul Kaleem who was accused in the Mecca Masjid blasts case but was later given a clean chit. The Khudai Khidmatgar was a Pashtun movement first established in India to fight against the British by means of non-violence. Faisal Khan noted that it was fitting to bring about its revival for peacefully protesting police atrocities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12818477", "title": "Cuttack cops pad up for IPL clashes", "text": "CUTTACK: Over 1,000 policemen will keep vigil on the Barabati Stadium on Sunday when team Hyderabad will take on Team Kolkata in the first IPL 5 match in the state.Sources said 45 platoons of police force have been deployed in and around the stadium to ensure the security of the players and spectators. Adding to it, platoons of anti-terrorist squad, bomb disposal squad, rapid action force (RAF) and quick reaction team have also been pressed into action. Police personnel in plain clothes will be deployed in the various stands in the stadium to keep an eye on the crowd.\"Adequate security arrangements have been made for the IPL matches,\" said Ritu Arora, additional commissioner of police. Police have requested spectators not to bring water bottles and food packets inside the stadium.The commissionerate police has chalked out fool-proof security arrangements for the matches, but the Odisha Cricket Association (OCA) has left no stone unturned to ensure the matches are conducted properly.The state cricket body has put the 45,000-capacity stadium under CCTV surveillance. Around 60 CCTV cameras have been installed in the stadium and a central control room has been set up to monitor the cameras.OCA has also hired over 250 private security guards to keep vigil on the entry and exit points. \"Police have made elaborate security arrangements for the match, but we do not want to take chances. The entire stadium has been equipped with CCTV cameras and private security personnel have been deployed to check any untoward incident,\" said Asirbad Behera, the secretary of OCA.The Hyderabad team will play two matches at Cuttack. They will play the Kolkata team on April 22 and the Sourav Ganguly-led Pune team on May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12818269", "title": "Motorists who park on highway to be penalized", "text": "NASHIK: With the increase in traffic snarls on the Nashik-Aurangabad state highway between Aurangabad Naka and Nanduri Naka, the police have decided to take action against motorists who park their vehicles right on the highway.Over the past few week, the city police have held several meetings with the directors of wedding halls and lawns on the highway, taking into account the increase in traffic, vehicle thefts, chain-snatching in the area.On auspicious days, almost all the wedding halls in the city are booked for marriage ceremonies. There are over 40 wedding halls and lawns in a three-km stretch of the Aurangabad highway. Owning to the high density of wedding halls in the area, huge crowds block the road. The situation is worsened by the fact that most guests come to the wedding in their personal two-wheelers or cars, which adds to vehicular traffic on the highway.The baraats, parked vehicles and women wearing heavy jewellery for the weddings has caused a spike in traffic, vehicle thefts and chain-snatching incidents on the state highway. Taking all this into account, the police alerted the hall owners, asking them to hire security personnel to ensure that arrangements are made by the halls for parking, installing close circuit cameras and not allowing guests to park their vehicles on the road.However, the situation has remained unchanged, and on some occasions, there are traffic jams for up to two hours near Nanduri Naka, said senior PI of Adgaon police station, S S Daule.The situation is further aggravated by the road widening work that is underway on the Aurangabad highway. While citizens had earlier demanded that 'no stopping' and 'no parking' boards be put up, DCP Sunil Phulari of the city police commissionerate said that motorists can face action if their vehicles are found parked on the state highway.He said the city police commissionerate has also communicated with the Nashik Municipal Corporation to check if the wedding lawns on the stretch are legal. The illegal wedding halls and lawns should be immediately pulled down, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817305", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t give excuse of Naxalism\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: The enthusiastic young IAS officer Alex Paul Menon-who was abducted by the Maoists in tribal Bastar-would often tell government officers and staff in tribal district of Sukma they should not try to shirk work taking an excuse of Naxalite threat in their respective areas.\"Don't give the excuse of Naxalism for not doing work,\" the 2006 batch IAS officer would tell lower rung of government staff during his visits to the remote locations of Sukma district considered a Maoist hotbed in tribal Bastar region.Chhattisgarh government's top government sources told TOI over telephone that the district collector occasionally used to travel alone to villages in the interiors, including on motorcycles. Subsequently, senior officials had cautioned him against \"heroism\", pointing to the last year abduction of R Vineel Krishna, the then district collector of Orissa's Malkangiri district, bordering Sukma.\"This time, Menon went up to Kerlapal in his car and later moved to the interior village on a motorcycle with his bodyguards to attend the kisan sabha at Manjipara,\" government sources said.Sources in Sukma town a local BJP leader Budra Sodi was brutally killed by the Naxalites more than a year ago at Manjipara from where the district collector was picked up by the rebels, who normally move in and out through the dense forests of Orissa and Andhra Pradesh. The 'tri junction' of Chhattisgarh-Orissa and Andhra Pradesh border is considered as a safe rebel hideout in the region. During the last one-and-a-half years, there have been a number of incidents of Naxal attacks and encounters between the rebels and the security forces around Bade Satti village, just about two km from the place of abduction.In April 2010, 76 security personnel, including 75 from the CRPF, were massacred by the Naxalites at Tadmetla now in Sukma district.Sukma district was carved out of the trouble-torn Dantewada, also known as South Bastar in January this year as part of the state government exercise to speed up development process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817674", "title": "Youth held for faking own abduction", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old youth allegedly went missing on Tuesday and a ransom call was made to his father demanding Rs 2 lakh. Using technical surveillance, Delhi police recovered the youth, Ramesh, from Ambala Railway station on Wednesday, police said.On investigation it was revealed that Ramesh had staged his own kidnapping in order to extort money from his father, said police. Ramesh's father, an auto rickshaw driver by profession, thought that his son was a student at Delhi University and an IAS aspirant. However, it was found out that Ramesh never went to school after failing in class XI and had gained confidence of his parents by producing 'fake' marksheets. He would extort money from his father and splurge it on expensive restaurants, movies and outing with his girlfriend, a police officer said.\"On April 17, Ramesh's father, Parmanand, came to Rohini Police Station and complained that his son had gone to deposit money in a bank and had not returned since then. Parmanand also said that he received a call from his son who said that he has been kidnapped and abductors are demanding Rs 2 lakh. His friends , colleagues and relatives were subsequently questioned, and Ramesh's daily routine was also analysed,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP outer.On February 18, we spotted Ramesh at a platform of Ambala Railway Station. Ramesh first said that he was abducted by some people in a car but his changing statements got police suspicious. He soon broke down and confessed his crime, a cop said.\"Ramesh has been apprehended and we are exploring the legal possibilities to arrest him,\" Jaiswal added.Ramesh accepted he had staged his own kidnapping to extort money from his father. He also accepted that he would take money from his father in the name of higher education , IAS and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816376", "title": "In Kamptee, Asia's biggest hospital ward", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur often boasts, rightly or wrongly, of places largest in Asia- the industrial estate at Butibori, Government Medical College (GMC), and agriculture produce market yard of Kalamna. There is claimant to that list. Not many know about it but the military hospital in Kamptee is believed to have Asia's largest general ward. Built in 1937, it is now a major part of this hospital set up by the British in 1828.This single ward has 110 beds. Over 100 metres in length, it is difficult to even identify the person at the other end. Unlike a typical government hospital where patients are even lying on the floor, this ward appears spacious and tidy. The colonial architecture lends it grandeur and the ventilation keeps the room cool even in Nagpur summer. Patients suffering from fever to mental depression recuperate here. Another portion under the same roof is used as an isolation ward for treating patients with communicable diseases.A stone believed to be laid sometime in 1947 by Lt Col A V Green, the last British officer to head the hospital, has an inscription reading 'biggest ward of Asia'. The personnel searched the internet but could not find mention of a bigger general ward. Those commanding the unit currently say they have strong reasons to believe this could still be the biggest on the continent. \"Normally, wards in government hospitals are 28 to 40 beds. There are other hospitals with total capacity of many more. However, no other single ward with so many beds could be found,\" said Col V N Dhanorkar, the commanding officer here. Dhanorkar, himself a student of GMC Nagpur, claims not having seen such a big ward in any other military hospital during his career.Those days big wards had relevance owing to frequent epidemics and also wars. The ward is laid out in Nightangle pattern, named after Florence Nightingale. It ensures optimum use of manpower. It could be monitored with just a couple of nurses , added another officer. These days there are smaller wards with more manpower and call bells to alert a nurse, he added.The army has plans to modernize its hospitals and a multi-storeyed one is to come up at Kamptee too. However, this ward would not be demolished. It will be preserved because of its heritage value and may be put to some other use, he added. Dhanorkar said running it was not much of an issue as it is normally used to keep stable patients. The number of occupants is also kept within 60 to 70. The hospital in Nagpur caters to all defence establishments in the city including the IAF maintenance command, he added. There are separate wards for officers and an ICU too, he added.Former dean of GMC Dr Vibhawari Dani said even she had not heard of a single ward with so many beds. She added, however, that effective management could be an issue at such large wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12803886", "title": "Yahoo, Google: The proud product killers", "text": "When killing technology, sometimes a bat is required. For top internet executives, a failed project is apparently something to brag out.In earnings calls during the past few days, chief executives for Google and Yahoo boasted about how many products they had shuttered.Last week, Google CEO Larry Page said that during his first year since returning to the top spot, he had killed more than 30 products, combining some of them with ones that are still around. Yesterday, Yahoo Chief Executive Scott Thompson said he plans to shut down or \"transition\" about 50 products.\"One of the most important pieces of our strategy, and that of any business in a fast-growing market, is in regularly defining what we won't do,\" Thompson said on the earnings call.That sounds a lot like something Apple co-founder Steve Jobs used to say, and that's probably not by accident. (What executive wouldn't want to be compared to Jobs, who's considered one of the greatest CEOs?)\"I'm as proud of what we don't do as I am of what we do,\" Jobs often said.According to Walter Isaacson's Steve Jobs biography, Jobs actually was the one who influenced Page's killing spree. The book said that in a meeting between the two, before Page was to take over as CEO again, Jobs told him to focus on a few key products to prevent Google from becoming bloated like Microsoft. When Jobs returned to Apple in 1997, he shut down many projects, including the Newton personal-digital assistant, and set out to focus the business around only four types of computers.Page acknowledged the meeting with Jobs in an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek. \"He had a lot of interesting insights about how to run a company, and that was pretty much what we discussed,\" Page said.Since Page's return, Google's graveyard has become crowded. Among the dead, Google Code Search was shuttered in January; Picnik, the Web-based graphics editor, will close on Thursday; and Google Wave , the ill-fated productivity software, will go offline at the end of this month. Many of the programmers who have stuck around were reassigned to projects that incorporate Google+, the company's social network.It's a similar story at Yahoo. A year ago, Yahoo sold Delicious, the online bookmarking service, to the pair that founded YouTube , and last month, Yahoo said it would close Yahoo Widgets. The company will pay about $135 million in severance to employees who are being cut, said Tim Morse, Yahoo's chief financial officer.That's part of the price of embracing their inner Grim Reaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817083", "title": "'Money-sucking' racket busted in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Loans and debts make one worry and fret, but things went a little far for Deepak Sharma, a city-based trader, who had to cough up Rs 11 lakh and Rs 8 lakh against borrowings of Rs 2 lakh and Rs 70,000 respectively. Not only this, he was even threatened by two money-lenders for not repaying the principal amount till one of them was nabbed by the Hazratganj police on Saturday.Son of late Omprakash Sharma, a resident of Sharma Tea Corner in Lalbagh, Deepak also lost his parents as they started keeping unwell owing to the trauma of not being able to repay the never-ending loan amount. This fact has been highlighted by Deepak in his complaint.The arrested money-lender, whose brother has a historysheet at the Alambagh police station for involvement in various heinous crimes such as attempt to murder, was identified as Raghuveer Singh Waalia alias Sonu Walia, a resident of Chandernagar in Alambagh. His brother Harvinder Singh Waalia alias Jugnu Waalia, who is absconding, is also a resident of same area, DIG Ashutosh Pandey said. Four years back, Deepak borrowed Rs 2 lakh from Jugnu Waalia and Rs 70,000 from Sonu Waalia on interest for expanding his business. Till now, Deepak claimed to have paid back Rs 11 lakh and Rs 8 lakh respectively.However, much to the shock of Deepak, Waalia brothers insisted that the amount paid by him was only the interest while he still has to pay the principal amount. After he refused to pay anymore, Deepak started receiving life threats from Waalia brothers. This resulted in has parents suffering shock and dying after illness. Traumatized Deepak also started complaining of high blood pressure and other ailments.Fed up with the regular pestering by Waalia brothers, Deepak approached the DIG who got his FIR registered at the Hazratganj police station. Swinging into action, Hazratganj police late on Friday night nabbed Sonu. Efforts are on to nab Jugnu, the DIG said.Sonu told the police that his family had been into money-lending business for a long time. According to the modus-operandi, they lend money to the needy at the rate of 10% interest.After this, monthly installments were deducted. If the installment was not given, it was added in the principal amount and the interest was charged on the added amount also. To recover the amount, all means were adopted, Sonu told the police. Jugnu, according to the DIG, has been booked in 13 cases at Alambagh police station and has his history-sheet 199 A opened at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817533", "title": "Mamata govt to get own channel, daily", "text": "KOLKATA: There are several instances of political parties owning TV channels and running their newspapers. On Saturday, however, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee went a step further: she announced the launch of her government's own TV channel and a newspaper.Mamata, who in recent days has thrown hissy fits on the way mainstream media have played up \"non-issues\" without projecting the government's good work, announced that her government's TV channel will be called 'Paschimbanga', and the newspaper 'Dainik Paschimbanga'.Speaking to bureaucrats at Town Hall here, Mamata said, \"There is a saying: raja jaaye bazar, kutta bhaunke hazaar (dogs bark when the king goes to shop). A section of the media won't highlight our good work. I will ask Subrata-da (panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee) to use TV channels and the government newspaper to project our good work. .\" She also said civil servants need not get upset with the canard spread against the government.But how exactly will a debt-stressed government, which has repeatedly sought Central financial help, pump up the money? Mamata said the government will use existing infrastructure at the state-run Roop Kala Kendra in Salt Lake. About 'Dainik Paschimbanga', she said her government has revived the ailing printing press, Basumati Corporation, that used to publish 'Dainik Basumati' newspaper. Her government's newspaper will focus on rural news and prioritise development news, she said.Basumati Corporation had turned sick towards the fag end of the CPM-led government's rule.Mamata emphatically said the media launch is likely this winter. That would be with an eye on panchayat elections.She also said the morale Bengal civil servants needed boosting and announced a BDO Ratna award to reward block development officers on their performance. She promised to increase their special pay from Rs 250 to Rs 1,000 a month and also assured scope of promotion to the level of special secretary in charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819268", "title": "The real fight in India is for those who bleed", "text": "Not all extremists take up arms. Sometimes they take up green activism. Till a few years ago, extreme environmentalism only found its way into debates about saving the tiger. The tiger has to be saved at any cost. Get guns and guards, chuck tribals out of the forest and fence the patches off, some avid wildlife experts demanded - and very often got delivered - through their contacts in the power corridors through the 1980s and 90s.Then, climate change hit Indian shores with its easy-to-sell , easy-to-bite doomsday aura. Tigers were passe . The world as we know it could drown under water or burn in extreme temperatures. Environmental extremism spread wider. Shut down all coal-powered plants and big hydel projects, and shift to renewable energy by tomorrow morning. Save every plant and animal and the forest patch they are found in. Protect them at any cost.Extreme environmentalism provides an escape hatch for some to sidestep democracy and the noisy, chaotic nature of managing diverse views and needs of an economically stratified society.The individual seeking solace in extreme green asceticism is a different breed, though. India has always provided the social space for asceticism and renunciation. Even celebrated it. But to force the personal into a policy for all is a different ballgame altogether and its acceptance fraught with risk.The risk arises as much from the fact that extreme environmentalism is mostly an upper and middle class fad - simple to slip into if you are in the right class compartment and easy to get out of when you are bored with it.I sit on my laptop and log into my super-wired or wireless world to connect and seek solidarities for my imported brand of environmentalism , yet demand that the world now change around and seek to live with less or little - to save the planet in decades to come.The green extremist is often blind to the tyranny of extremism. Take the case of climate change. The deep-green brigade demands that regardless of India's responsibilities, it undertake massive economic commitments to overhaul the sources of energy. No more coal, some claim. The costs of changing over to solar energy don't count; the fact that millions live without power and would be lost in the dark for longer is something to think about later.Something similar afflicts the extreme conservationists who seek to protect the tiger (let's use it more as a metaphor here) at any cost. Dispossess the tribals who owned the lands at the altar of the scientific rationale that the tiger needs 'inviolate spaces'. The rationale may be right, but then extremism has no space for democratic arguments : that it is only the poor who suffer the cost of setting up the living cages where the middle class can go enjoy their animal sightings.Environmentalism has another shade - one that fits our economic and social conditions better but is yet to find acceptance amongst the chatterati. The environmentalism of the poor. It seeks redistribution of the value generated from natural resources. It demands an equal say for the poorest over resources. No super profits for mining the ore under the tribal's land where he is turned into labour and sent to dig the coal out. It questions the distribution of coal power, not the need for it. It also demands renewable energy but requires the burden of that extra subsidy to be borne by the privileged, not the poorest. This environmentalism is tough to fight for because it upsets the apple cart. But in that change, it does not demand asceticism and aloofness that privilege brings. Rather, it demands a greater engagement with the forces of democracy and all the chaos and dirt it is bound to throw up. It does not require celebrities. It requires leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827672", "title": "Rajya Sabha election controversy: CBI grills Congress MLA, raids on for second day", "text": "RANCHI: A team of CBI officials grilled Congress legislator KN Tripathy at his official residence as the investigating agency continued with its search operations for the second day on Sunday in connection with the alleged horse trading in the countermanded biennial Rajya Sabha election.The election was countermanded after the income tax department seized Rs 2.15 crore from an associate of independent candidate R K Agarwal on March 30.The search continued at the legislator's residence in Jaggannathpur area of the city for over three hours during which Tripathy was asked a number of questions based on the information collected by the CBI from documents found in his house.Sources in the CBI said the legislator was cooperative during the search and tried to answer every question. \"The team has collected some documents related to bank transactions and will screen them in the coming days,\" said a source.Tripathy, who travelled from Daltonganj to be present at the time of search in Ranchi on the request of CBI, said he had nothing to conceal to the investigating agency. On Saturday, a team of officials had searched the ancestral house of Tripathy at Daltonganj and had asked him to be present in Ranchi on Sunday.\"I will support the investigating agency in the case and pass on any information that I get to know,\" Tripathy said after the CBI team left his house.The CBI officials continued with the scrutiny of documents seized from the office and the residence of Agarwal and his relative R K Sah at Jamshedpur and Chiabasa. The CBI had seized documents related to financial transactions and computer hard disk which had details to dealing.\"We have also seized some papers which hint at the source from where Agarwal had collected the money for horse trading in the run-up to Rajya Sabha election,\" said a CBI source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817285", "title": "HC rejects National Council for Teacher Education order on norms for BEd colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major decision, Madhya Pradesh high court has quashed the orders issued by the Western Regional Committee of National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), withdrawing recognition of various B Ed colleges in the state, observing that colleges cannot be asked to change land, building and teaching staff every time.A division bench, comprising acting chief justice Sushil Harkuli and justice Alok Aradhe on Friday interpreted various provisions of the NCTE Act 1993 and the NCTE regulations framed from time to time and observed that frequent changes in the norms and standards, prescribed by the NCTE, would not apply to colleges established in keeping with previous norms and standard regulations.The high court decision came on the petitions filed by some private B Ed colleges, which were granted recognition/approval by the NCTE as per their 2002 norms in July 2005.Subsequently, these norms and standards underwent substantial changes in December 2005 by which the NCTE revised upward the norms regarding minimum availability of land, built-up area of the college building and even the qualification of the teaching staff required for establishing new National Council for Teacher Education approved B Ed institutions. Later, the NCTE issued withdrawal notices to B Ed colleges and also withdrew recognition on the ground that they failed to meet the norms and standards introduced by the NCTE subsequently in 2005 &amp; 2007. Against these withdrawal orders, the colleges approached the high court.Petitioners' counsel Siddharth Radhelal Gupta argued that the newly-introduced norms in 2005 &amp; 2007 cannot be applied retrospectively to previously established colleges under 2002 norms as it could have a catastrophic effect over the entire education system because colleges established validly would be subjected to withdrawal orders every time new norms are introduced. High court held that norms and standards, revised from time to time with regard to \"non alterable characteristics\" like physical infrastructure, land building, size of classrooms, and qualification of teaching and non-teaching staff cannot be applied to previously recognized colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12818265", "title": "Matharoos share love for music", "text": "DUGRI: Manjit Singh and his wife Kamaljit Kaur Matharoo end up being the most popular couple in all the parties they attend. Well, besides their pleasing personality, their golden voice is what attracts everybody to them, insisting that they sing and entertain everybody at the party. Sharing the passion for music, the couple also share the love for their favourite artists - both love to sing golden era songs by Mohammed Rafi, Kishore Kumar and Manna Dey .Businessman Manjit Singh Matharoo said, \"I am very fond of listening to music and singing songs. I used to sing songs during my college days also, but at that time I took it as a hobby.''He adds, \"When I got married with Kamaljit, it was sheer coincidence and my good luck that I found a partner who not only sings but also shares the same interests.''And the love for music now has taken over the entire Matharoo family. 'My children also love singing. I believe music has the power to bring people together,'' he said.Manjit said, \"Though my singing is not very great, but whenever I move out of city even on some business trip, I find music lovers who love to sing along with me.''Regarding his favourite songs, he said, \"My favourite songs are \"Ye Mausam Ye Rahein Nadi Ka Kianara'' and \"Chalti Ka Naam Gadi''. Apart from these I love songs sung by versatile singer Manna Dey.''Talking about today's music, he adds, \"I do not like new songs because I find no connect or meaning in these. They also lack melody and simplicity.''Meanwhile, Kamaljit Kaur, a homemaker, shared, \"I love singing and during my school days I have also won several prizes in singing competitions. Even now when I sing songs in kitty parties or other parties I get a lot of appreciation.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12816950", "title": "CBI raids 12 places in UP food scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday raided 12 places in Lucknow in connection with the Rs 35,000 multi-crore rupee foodgrain scam, which took place under the Mulayam Singh Yadav regime in 2004.Most of these locations were warehouses and rural offices of the department of food and civil supplies. CBI sleuths searched for documentations and entries of stocks during the scam period, from 2004 to 2006.UP's jail minister for jail Raghuraj Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiyya was food and civil supplies minister for a brief period then. The CBI is slated to file a status report regarding the investigations into the foodgrain case before the Allahabad high court this week. The raids are being seen as a result of the agency deciding to submit a status report, apprehending court censure for delay in investigations.The offices raided included those at Gosainganj, Mohanlalganj, Malihabad, Jiamau, Gomtinagar and Bakshi Ka Talaab, Sarojni Nagar and Sutlanpur road in the state capital. The searches, beginning at around 8am on Saturday, continued till late in the evening.Investigations have revealed that until 2010, foodgrain worth Rs 35,000 crore, meant for the poor, was sold in open market with the connivance of government officials, politicians and middlemen.The foodgrain was meant to be given to the poor through welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday Meal Scheme. Some of the smuggled food grain was even traced to the Nepal and Bangladesh border areas.The special investigation team set up by the Mulayam Singh government in 2006 lodged over 5,000 FIRs and his successor Mayawati, soon after assuming office, ordered a CBI probe into the scam on December 1, 2007. Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari, who was in Lucknow on Saturday, said the investigations appear to be moving fast and he was hopeful that the guilty will be brought to book and soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817988", "title": "7 policemen suspended for shirking", "text": "GURGAON: Cracking the whip on errant officers, Gurgaon Police have suspended seven policemen on the charge of dereliction of duty. The commissioner of police has acted against three assistant sub-inspectors (ASI), two head constables and two constables.Confirming the suspensions, Abhey Singh Rao, DCP (Headquarters), said a departmental inquiry was also being conducted against these cops.Following a complaint of not acting in a theft case, ASI Babulal, who was deployed in a PCR van under Sector 14 police checkpost, he was suspended with immediate effect. On the directives of the police commissioner, senior police officers are making surprise visits to various checkposts and are taking action against the policemen if they are not performing their duties well.During the checks, ASI Rattan Pal, in charge of Sikanderpur-DLF II naka, and his colleague, head constable Rangrao, were not present during duty hours. The ASI and the head constable were suspended and an inquiry was initiated against them.On Thursday night, a senior police officer visiting the Bajghera (outer) checkpost found the cop in charge, ASI Dharmbeer, and his associates, head constable Rajendra and constables Kuldeep and Rakesh absent. The four negligent policemen were suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12818358", "title": "State okays funds for phone jammers in jails", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has sanctioned funds for upgrading mobile phone jammers installed in jails or if required install new ones so that VIP inmates and high-profile criminals are not able to communicate with people outside the prison.The funds were sanctioned by the state government after the matter of use of cellphones by VIPs and high-profile criminals was raised by legislators during the just concluded budget session of the assembly. Not only the MLAs but even the speaker said in the house that despite all security arrangements, inmates of the the Birsa Munda Central Jail used cellphones. Some of the VIPs in that jail are former chief minister Madhu Koda and his cabinet colleagues - Enos Ekka, Bhanu Pratap Sahi, Hari Narayan Singh and former chairman of Jharkhand Public Service Commission Dilip Prasad.At present, jammers installed in the state jails can only block 2G cellphones. In case someone uses a 3G cellphone or a set that works at a frequency of more than 2500 MHz, the jammer becomes ineffective. Inspector general of prison Satendra Singh said the state government had sanctioned around Rs 2.25 crore for modernization of jails.\"The funds will be used in upgrading the jammer installed in the central jail in Ranchi to prevent the inmates from using cellphones,\" said Singh. adding at the same time that the department would also install jammers in subdivisional jails. The IG said the department would also try to install jammers which would be effective not only in 3G but even 4G. \"We know that very soon people will start using 4G handsets and if we install a jammer of lesser frequency, it will become useless soon,\" the IG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12826359", "title": "Sharad Pawar for non-political person as President; says UPA, NDA lack numbers", "text": "MUMBAI: Agriculture minister and key UPA leader Sharad Pawar on Sunday favoured a non-political candidate as the next President in view of the fact that UPA and NDA did not have the strength to elect their own nominee.Becoming the first UPA leader to express in public his preference for the presidential candidate, Pawar denied that his NCP had endorsed P A Sangma as a possible contender.\"Both UPA and NDA don't have the required numbers to ensure that the candidate of their choice gets elected as the next President. Hence, I feel that a non-political person can be an ideal choice,\" Pawar told reporters here. He was responding to a question whether NCP had suggested the name of the former Lok Sabha Speaker as a candidate.\"We have a total of 16 MPs and know our limitations. All political parties should initiate a dialogue to find out a consensus candidate on merit, who does not have political background,\" Pawar said, denying that NCP had put forward Sangma's name.His remarks came close on the heels of Congress saying that it has not so far started any discussion on the issue and would work for a consensus in the matter.The names of Vice President Hamid Ansari and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee are doing the rounds as nominees for the top post which falls vacant on July 24 when Pratibha Patil's term ends.A new Vice-President has to be elected by August and a section of the opposition is favouring a 'give and take' approach between the UPA and NDA.The Congress has 31 per cent of the total votes against 24 per cent of the BJP in an electoral college that is expected to be of the size of 10,98,882. The UPA has a little over 40 per cent of the total votes against 57 per cent it had in the last elections. The NDA has less than 30 per cent.Hence, the role of parties like TMC, SP, AIADMK, BSP and BJD assumes significance. Two key UPA allies Trinamool Congress and DMK have not yet disclosed their stand on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818390", "title": "Haryana's whistle-blower IFS officer faces fresh police probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's whistleblower IFS officer, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, is facing a fresh police probe in a two-and-a-half-year-old abetment to suicide case when a forest range officer, Sanjeev Tomar, died on December 14, 2009.The investigation officer of the case on November 8, 2010 had concluded that Tomar, 35, had committed suicide and police had lodged an FIR against Chaturvedi and a woman, Promila.Police had prepared a closure report but had not submitted it to the court. Now, Haryana police have ordered an investigation into the case after Sanjeev Tomar's father Ram Pal Tomar sent representations to various police officials, including Haryana DGP, demanding arrest of Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi had come to limelight after he exposed various scams in the Haryana forest department between 2007 and 2012 following which he was transferred 12 times in five years. When he was suspended and chargesheeted, he had complained to the President of India. With the President's intervention, the Haryana government was forced to revoke the suspension order.DGP R S Dalal declined comment on the matter saying that he was busy at a function.In his complaint, Rampal Tomar said, \"Chaturvedi compelled my son to die or he got him killed and what ways, means and methods Chaturvedi used in causing death of my son can only be ascertained after his arrest and interrogation... Police are in possession of a letter in the handwriting my son, termed by them as \"suicide note.'\"On the other hand, Chaturvedi's lawyer Kuldeep Tiwari said that Sanjeev Tomar had committed suicide after four months of his transfer from Jhajjar. \"During his tenure at Jhajjar, Chaturvedi had exposed a multi-crore plantation scam in which 40 field officials were suspended. Sanjeev Tomar was one of the forest range officers, who was accused in the case and was suspended and chargesheeted,\" he claimed.Tiwari said that in his previous complaint to IG, Rohtak, on December 24, 2009, Ram Pal Tomar had not even mentioned the name of Chaturvedi and sought CBI probe demanding action against Promila and a police officer. However, Tomar said he has not withdrawn that complaint and police can probe the matter from various angles. \"I was in a state of depression after the death of my son for long. But now, I will pursue the case to get justice,\" said Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816608", "title": "United States of India doesn't need an Imperial Centre", "text": "The conference of chief ministers last Monday to discuss internal security was marked by a spectacular degree of discord between the Centre and the states. An explanation for this trust deficit may indeed lie in partisan politics.However, when formidable state leaders charge New Delhi of viewing the provinces as mere municipalities and question the rationale of the Centre's intrusiveness in subjects ranging from internal security to environment and anti-poverty schemes, there are grounds to probe the likelihood of an emerging Constitutional breakdown. Has the \"cooperative federalism\" the founding fathers crafted in 1950 passed its sell-by date?The question is neither heretical nor insolent. Political documents-and the Indian Constitution is a political document-are rooted in a context. In 1947, the members of the Constituent Assembly addressed their mission with multiple dreams but with total clarity on two counts.First, they were deeply suspicious of any federal scheme that advocated a minimal Centre and strong states. This wariness stemmed almost entirely from the Congress experience with the Pakistan movement and the stand taken by the Chamber of Pr inces in the debates on the federation that was supposed to take the 1935 Constitution to its logical conclusion. With Mohammed Ali Jinnah and the Princes out of the way, Jawaharlal Nehru's government imagined that state's rights were no longer a paramount issue. A strong, paramount Centre was the consensus of the political class in 1947.Secondly, flowing from its earnest commitment to the unity and integrity of the new India, the Constituent Assembly was equally in love with centralised planning. This wasn't exclusively an infatuation with the Soviet Union. Many Congress leaders were sold on President Roosevelt's New Deal in the US and the welfarist impulses of the Labour Party in Britain. They sought to replicate some of the achievements on both sides of the Atlantic in India.In his seminal work on the making of the Indian Constitution, Granville Austin has documented the remarkable extent to which members of Nehru's Cabinet were anxious to place allcru cial subjects on the Central list. Jagjivan Ram wanted labour legislation to be dictated from Delhi; Rajkumari Amrit Kaur imagined that public health was too important a subject to be left to provincial politicians; and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad was of the view that education should be a Central subject so that the \"intelligentsia of the country will be thinking on similar lines.\"The centralising impulses of the Nehruvian Congress finally coalesced in the establishment of the Planning Commission in March 1950. Although this body wasn't mentioned in the Constitution, it soon evolved into what Sardar Patel feared would be a\"superbody\", dictating the terms of national development to the states. Apart from viewing states as subordinate bodies to the Centre, the Planning Commission was premised on the belief that a few well-meaning and politically driven experts could draw a blueprint for the whole nation.Austin described Indian planning as 'intellectual centralisation\". In hindsight he was guilty of understatement. Over the years, the Planning Commission has overshadowed the constitutionally-approved Finance Commission and the National Development Council. It has repudiated diversity, marginalised entrepreneurship and become an instrument of political control. The sight of popularly elected chief ministers lining up before the deputy chairman of the commission to get their state plans approved is profoundly humiliating and calculated to make states appear like beggars. The we-give-the-money syndrome has, indeed, become a hallmark of the Gandhi family's speeches.There was a time when the same political party ran the governments at the Centre and the states. The Constitution-makers and the Nehruvian consensus never imagined a situation when this would not be so. Nor could they envisage a future when the intellectual fashions of the 1950s and 1960s would be junked and even placed among history's bad ideas. The over-centralised features of the Constitution reflected their belief in their own infallibility.It is time these fundamentals were questioned by a new breed of Indians who combine Indianness with an equally fierce pride in the vernaculars. A Constitution is not a holy book. As India becomes more self-confident and federal at the same time, it may be time to review the sanctity it has accorded to an Imperial Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816402", "title": "Nagpur University members, principals call for immediate inquiry and re-exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The academicians and principals related to Nagpur University's colleges have called for immediate lodging of police complaint into the paper leak of final year BCom Computer Application (new course) on Saturday, exposed by TOI. They termed it as major blunder on part of the university officials and called for departmental inquiry and stringent punishment to the guilty.Management council member Dinesh Agrawal said that if the paper leak news is true, NU must make arrangements to conduct re-examination. \"First, such things should not be allowed to happen as it may affect scores of students. And if confirmed, immediate departmental inquiry should be launched into it,\" he said.He termed the NU controller of examinations Siddharth Kane's statement that no inquiry could be set up, as 'absurd'. \"Even if it is a rumour, an inquiry must be initiated. At least they should constitute a panel under commerce dean Bharat Meghe to verify the facts. If anything is found, NU should go ahead with filing an FIR. If all the questions are matching, then NU should take the issue very seriously,\" he said.Senate member Mohan Bajpayee said that NU bosses should find out who was behind the leak. \"I think filing an FIR would be the best alternative to be on a safer side. It must be the handiwork of some NU official or lecturer attached with the university,\" he said. He added that students would be depressed but they have no other alternative than appear for re-examination as in the case of Mumbai University where the high court ordered a re-examination after a leak. \"This would be the biggest controversy in NU after Kohchade scam, if the leak is confirmed,\" he said.Endorsing him, Dr Ambedkar College principal KM Reddy said in such cases lodging of FIR was the only alternative. \"If questions are being sent through SMS on mobiles, many students would have received it. In such a case, the paper should be cancelled and a re-examination should be immediately announced,\" she said.However, Dhanwate National College principal Baban Taywade, also a management council member, said that even if the news of paper leak is true, there was no point on raising the issue since the exam is already conducted. \"Somebody from various centres may have done a mischief. NU officials cannot monitor all the centres personally,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821013", "title": "I shivered after reading the script: Niharika Singh", "text": "Miss India Earth 2005 Niharika Singh says grooming for the pageant gave her confidence to choose a powerful film like 'Miss Lovely', India's official entry to Cannes this yearVery few Indian model-turned-actors have made it Cannes. A lesser number has been there only because their movies have been an official entry at the Cannes. Niharika Singh, Femina Miss India Earth 2005, has reasons to be proud. Excited with the news that her film, \"Miss Lovely\", is the official Indian entry at the prestigious Un Certain Regard section, the model-turned-actor is now deciding on what she wants to wear for her red carpet walk.Says Niharika, \"After I first read the script of Ashim Ahluwalia's \"ML\", I was literally left shivering because it was that powerful. Of course, there were people who had apprehensions about me doing a movie that dealt with C-grade film industry but I had a gut feeling that the director is a genius and I ought to do this movie. My year-long Miss India training has made me confident person and I feel that's why I had the guts to risk choosing to do such a movie. I was a small town girl and my Miss India grooming helped me to become the person that I am today.\"Despite its name, the film doesn't have a Miss Lovely as a character. \"I am the closest to what Miss Lovely could have been if there was one such character in the movie. My character's name is Pinky. The film is the story of two brothers who produce sleazy horror films in the mid-1980s,\" she explains.Wasn't it difficult to shoot a film that deals with such a subject? \"There is not much nudity in the movie. Ashim and the DOP KU Mohanan (who had shot \"Don\") have a different sense of aesthetics. Even the difficult scenes were shot so beautifully that they don't seem vulgar. It's like when you watch a Prabuddha Dasgupta photograph. He photographs nude women so well that you can't look the other way.\"Ask her how she feels to have made it to Cannes for her acting skill and not her photogenic looks and she says, \"I too have my struggle story as an actor. In 2005, I had a 10-film contract with Raj Kanwar but never shot with him till he passed away this year. I shot with Himesh Reshammiya for John Matthew Matthan's \"A New Love Issshtory\" because I believed in the vision of my director. But that film hasn't released yet. Even the Kannada film that I did hasn't yet seen the light of day. I have waited long enough. So has Nawazuddin. He has struggled for 18 years when no one would cast him in the lead despite all his talent. We always knew that \"ML\" was a different film and we are glad the world is noticing it too.\"The rush to decide on what to wear on the red carpet has also begun. \"I like saris as well as gowns. Perhaps, I'll go for Indianwear at the red carpet and gowns elsewhere,\" she says. Meanwhile, she has also started to pen a book. \"It will be a memoir,\" is all that she offers to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819078", "title": "We need to be patient: SM Krishna", "text": "Foreign minister SM Krishna will be in Islamabad this June for a meeting with his Pakistani counterpart. He tells Sunday Times that fixing timelines to solve pending issues is best avoidedDo you believe the atmosphere is ripe for the PM's visit to Pakistan?Our Prime Minister has accepted with pleasure President Zardari's invitation to visit Pakistan. The diplomatic channels would be used to work out mutually convenient and acceptable dates. Such a visit would also require substantive preparations.Do you think the time has come to look for a resolution to outstanding issues?We are committed to resolving all outstanding issues through dialogue in an atmosphere free from terror and violence. Given the complex nature of the issues in our bilateral relations, we have to be patient and not fix timelines for resolution of such complicated issues . Nonetheless, we are engaging with Pakistan with an open mind, a constructive spirit and forward-looking approach.What is our approach on Siachen?Our proposal for resolution of the Siachen issue is with Pakistan. As the negotiations on the issue are ongoing, it would not be proper for me to discuss it in public.What about Sir Creek?During the PM's meeting with President Zardari on April 8, both leaders felt that we need to move forward step by step and find pragmatic and mutually acceptable solutions to all issues, including Sir Creek.On Kashmir, is the Indian position the same today as it was in 2007, or has there been a change since 26/11?During my meeting with the Pakistani foreign minister last year, we held discussions on J&amp; K and agreed to the need for continued discussions, with a view to finding a peaceful solution by narrowing divergences and building convergences. Our position remains the same today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12818299", "title": "From Monday, autos to charge by meter", "text": "NASHIK: From Monday, autorickshaws in the city will ply by meter. This was decided on Saturday at a meeting of the regional transport authority held by collector P Velrasu. The meeting also decided to hike the fares by Rs 2 per km to Rs 15 from Rs 13 currently.But more than the fare hike, it was the decision to run autorickshaws by meter that is significant in a city that has seen drivers charging exorbitant rates, with commuters having to bargain and fix the rates before hiring a three-wheeler.The meeting also decided to introduce 27 share-an-autoricshaw routes in the city.The regional transport authority's move was welcomed by the auto unions. Bhagwan Pathak of the Shramik Rickshaw Taxi Tempo Chalak Malak Sena said drivers were happy with the new tariff and assured that they would ply only by meter.For long, there has been demand for autorickshaws to ply by meter. Though the rule was in place, rickshaw drivers never adhered to it, while passengers too were reluctant to pay fare as per meter.On April 16, autorickshaw drivers had gone on a day-long strike in the city demanding revision in the tariff card and also for rickshaw stands in different parts of the city. The new tariff rates have been fixed as per the government norms.The formula derived by regional transport office is meter reading x 9.50 minus Rs 4-which means if the meter flap starts at Rs 15 for two kms, it will be 4 X 9.50 - Rs 4 or Rs 34 for four kms. The amount is to be rounded off above and below 50 paise.Auto drivers would be given the new tariff card on Monday, while stickers are also expected to be distributed among them to be pasted on rickshaws for the convenience of passengers. Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal said that his office will paint on the hood of every rickshaw coming for fitness certificate that it plies by meter. Further, the helpline number of the RTO will also be painted on the hood of the rickshaw for passengers to lodge any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12816617", "title": "Mamata sets UPA 15-day deadline to announce debt relief for Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has put the Centre on notice again, this time on fiscal sops for her debt-burdened state. The CM on Saturday gave the UPA government 15 days to announce a moratorium on repayment of loans her government has inherited from the Left regime.Though the CM didn't specify what the consequences would be if her \"genuine demand\" went unheeded, she said her patience had been worn thin by repeated assurances that haven't translated into action. \"I want a three-year moratorium on repayment of loans and the Centre has to grant it. I have waited for one year. I know I have to wait, but we have a genuine reason,\" she said while addressing a meeting of state civil servants at Town Hall here on Saturday.\"I have been making representations to the Centre for long. I have waited because we are responsible. Otherwise, we are happy with coarse rice and coarse cloth. But we won't tolerate if someone wants to starve this government of funds. This will become a big issue,\" warned a combative CM.Her fresh salvo comes days after she had thanked the Planning Commission for hiking Bengal's Plan size by 16%. Besides, the Trinamool chief is eyeing to leverage her numbers in Lok Sabha ahead of the voting on the Finance Bill on May 7 as well as in the presidential polls.Banerjee has consistently raised the state's poor fiscal health since coming to power, citing that she had inherited an empty coffer from the Left Front. However, the Centre has been lukewarm to her rants so far. Other states, particularly Punjab and Kerala, are also facing similar financial stress and any relief to Bengal may spark similar demands from elsewhere. With the Centre's own fiscal position hardly comfortable, it would have liked to avoid take fresh burden.However, the strong-willed CM seems pretty focused on her agenda. Banerjee will fly here on May 4 to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a day ahead of the crucial CMs' meeting on the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).The meeting of CMs itself has been organized at her insistence after she opposed the NCTC's powers, arguing that it infringed on India's federal structure. Now, with the Trinamool boss setting a deadline on debt restructuring, the May 5 meeting assumes greater importance and may see the CM wielding her numbers to extract concessions for her home state.Addressing civil servants, Banerjee emphasized that she had met the PM and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee several times to seek a moratorium on loan repayment. Explaining the financial constraints of Bengal, which has been declared a debt-stressed state by the finance commission along with Kerala and Punjab, she said, \"A large chunk of state resources is going toward debt-servicing. Besides, I have increased dearness allowance and arrears. How will I give salaries? I thus appeal to the Centre to grant us the moratorium on interest repayment for three years.\"Bengal's annual interest liability is Rs 22,000 crore, but its revenue generation is Rs 21,000 crore. Trinamool Congress MPs had staged a dharna in front of Parliament on the issue a few days before Mukherjee placed the Union Budget on March 16. She also reminded the Centre it had deducted Rs 1,500 crore from the state on account of compensatory service tax. Later, state finance Amit Mitra put the amount at Rs 1,800 crore.But there is a pattern in the blow-hot-blow-cold ties between Banerjee and the Congress. With the presidential elections scheduled in July - she is well aware that the Congress does not have more than 30% votes in Parliament and state legislatures - the UPA has to keep the Trinamool Congress happy if it wants to see its candidate through. This explains why the Trinamool chief, who is the UPA's first ally, has chosen this hour to extract her pound of flesh. Her fresh assertiveness comes amid buzz that Samajwadi party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav may be parleying with her to support a non-Congress nominee for the Presidential polls.What she wants is cash liquidity that can only come through restructuring of loans. The Banerjee administration hasn't received anything extra from the UPA government save increased Backward Regions Grant Fund allocations for 11 backward districts. But this money won't help the state fund its non-Plan expenditure. That will only be possible if the state gets some \"untied funds\" from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12823838", "title": "Kannadiga judge holds fort in Odisha", "text": "MANGALORE: It is a good two-year since Justice Gopal Gowda was elevated as Chief Justice of Odisha High Court. Serving as a judge of Karnataka High Court prior to his current posting, Justice Gopal, a Kannadiga has taken to his new role like a fish to water. Lack of knowledge of Oriya, official language of Odisha has not come in the way of him dispensing justice. Instead, Justice Gowda has overcome this by seeking help from his brother judges.Observing that Odisha with its mix of literate, tribal and backward people provides perfect setting for judiciary to work, Justice Gopal told TOI on the sidelines of a regional advocates conference that he inaugurated here on Sunday that while he is 'old' to learn Oriya, he has been able to express his feelings which the people there have understood. \"I write key words and sentences in Oriya and use English as well to communicate to people,\" he noted.When documents are presented in Oriya language, rather that get involved into technicalities of getting it translated, which takes time, Justice Gopal Gowda refers it to his brother judges, who help him out. \"They tell me what it is. This is the very message that I give to my fellow judges and judicial officers in my capacity as patron of the Odisha State Legal Services Authority,\" Justice Gopal says adding that there is acceptance to his line of thinking.Problems in Karnataka and Odisha are by and large same, he opines. \"There are issues of child welfare, girl child's rights, Juvenile Justice Act and short stay homes for children,\" he points. These are the similar issues that came before the Karnataka High Court when I was a judge there, he said. It is application of mind and borrowing on past experiences that helps in discharging the duties and the state legal services authority plays its part in this, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816755", "title": "Gond bonding", "text": "For the Gonds in Central India, or for that matter many other tribal communities and even Hindus, all roads in the second half of the Chaitra month lead to the Kunwara Bhivsen temple in Parseoni tehsil in Nagpur district. Thousands of them converge from all directions every day for almost a month and quarter to celebrate the birth date of their deity Bhivsen who is supposed to be the fourth dharma guru of the Gond tribe.The celebrations have different forms. For those who have got what they wished from the deity, the celebrations include dancing with beating of drums, animal sacrifice and cooking the meat and eating it as prasad. Those who come seeking something, look forward to talking to the contented worshippers.For thousands of years during the Bhivsen Jatra, tribals from various parts of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh throng this temple which lies on the banks of Pench reservoir. Devotees queue up and move in an extremely disciplined manner to perform goat and chicken sacrifice. Even while returning after the prayers they disperse in a proper manner.Though Gond society has been largely influenced by the Hindu Gods and customs, the Bhivsen temple has a shapeless stone idol as a symbol of the deity. Bhivsen, the Gonds believe, is a reincarnation of Mahadev or Shiva. This probably is the reason why many Hindu pilgrims flock to the place.Shankarrao Mavaskule regulates the proceedings in the temple and makes it a point to announce the names of persons donating even a single rupee to instill a sense of pride in them. \"The jatra goes on for about 30-35 days. People come from all corners come here as Bhivsen is supposed to fulfil everyone's wish. Most come here wishing for a child and then come again when it is born. In ten days at least 300-400 goats are sacrificed,\" said Mavaskule.Kautika Sansankar and her son Dilip are regular visitors to the place. \"God has given us everything we asked for. So, now we come just to thank him,\" said Kautika. Kaushalya Shhaya, a Gond from Kahpa village in Balaghat tehsil in MP, said that she had been coming for the jatra for the past 20 years. \"The Pench river used to flow from here. Now it is a reservoir. But people continue to bathe in the water before the puja,\" she said.A large section of the worshippers on panchami were from Nagpur too. Sonu Uikey's family from Gondpura in Mahal area had 50 persons, small, young and old. They were busy cooking as a family get-together. Sonu wished for a ghar (house) and a gharwali (wife). Others like Vinod Jangale, a BSF employee, had no agenda. \"I am here to enjoy with my friends. We will sacrifice and cook the meat and have fun. God will take care of us,\" he said.Families came from nearby places like Saoner and Khapa and from Pipariya in Chhindwara too. Not all were Gonds. Yet, all of them performed the traditional customs being followed from centuries. The most noteworthy thing about the place continues to be the traditional silent prayers. But this is preceded by a beating of drums and devotees moving down in the lanes of the fair towards the temple. But after reaching the temple everything is quiet. After the worship of the deity people carry their animal to the sacrifice venue which unexpectedly is very clean.Ganesh Halkare, an anthropologist from Amravati, tells that the Gonds have revived their religion in the last 10-20 years. They realized the influence of Hindu traditions and thus began emphasizing on the 'nature' gods that they worshipped all these years. The educated produced new literature. They are strengthening their traditions back in areas like Korba district in Chhattisgrah and Mandla district in Madhya Pradesh. \"However, the Gonds of Utnoor and Belamandal tehsils in Adilabad district in Andhra Pradesh and Korpana tehsil in Chandrapur district remain uninfluenced,\" he said.Halkare clarified that the Gonds mainly believed in three forms of devotion, serving the parents, serving the relatives or 'saga' and serving their Gods. During the jatra they greet each other with the slogan 'Jai Seva', symbolizing service to everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12827577", "title": "Maoists set 10 vehicles on fire", "text": "DHANBAD: An armed group of Maoists set ablaze 10 vehicles belonging to a private construction company and held 14 of its employees hostage for sometime in Bandguda late on Saturday.According to Muffasil police station officer-in-charge Ravindra Prasad Singh, about 15 armed Maoists entered the makeshift office of the construction company late at night and held hostage 14 members of the staff, including guards, drivers and cooks, for a few hours.The rebels also poured cans of petrol on two dumpers, two earthmover machines, a pick-up van and five other vehicles engaged in the construction of the 27-km Dumir-Giridih road and set them on fire.Senior police officers from Giridih, who reached the site of the incident, admitted to the involvement of Maoists in the attack. The construction company had earlier been asked by the rebels to pay levy in order to continue with their work in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817327", "title": "Former director general of police\u2019s son files plaint against employee", "text": "BHOPAL: Son of a former director general of police (DGP) has lodged a complaint of breach of trust against his employee with the TT Nagar police station in the city on Saturday.The police said complainant, Alok Nath Pathak, son of former DGP Ayodhya Nath Pathak, runs a hostel- Unique Girls Hostel in New MLA Quarters area in TT Nagar.The complainant had employed Santosh Dubey, a resident of Mumbai, as the supervisor of the hostel in November last year. Dubey allegedly collected around Rs 29,000 as rent of the hostel from girls on April 14 and went on leave without informing the employer about it.The incident came to light when Pathak asked the girls to pay the rent. Pathak reportedly told the police that Dubey had taken some money from him, besides, borrowing money from a few other people. His mobile is also switched off, the police added. The TT Nagar police have registered a case under sections of breach of trust in the incident. A police team will be sent to Mumbai to search for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12818896", "title": "Mumbai woman ends life after killing daughters", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 38-yearold woman strangled her daughters, aged eight and one-and-a-half years, before killing herself, sending shockwaves among residents of the posh Adhiraj Gardens Complex in Kharghar, Sector 5. Marital disputes apparently drove the woman to take the step.Samidha Vahal was found hanging from the ceiling fan inside her fourth-floor flat, while the bodies of the two girls, Tanvi and Geet, were discovered in the bedroom late on Friday. According to the police, the bodies had been locked inside the flat for nearly two days.After residents of Magnolia building, where the Vahals stayed, complained of foul smell emanating from the flat, the Kharghar police arrived on the spot and forced open the main entrance to discover the bodies . Inside the apartment, the police found a four-page suicide note, written in Hindi, in which Samidha stated that she was having problems with her husband, Prashant Vahal, a deputy general manager in a tyremanufacturing company.The police told reporters that a few days ago, Prashant had gone to Chennai on work and Samidha was alone at home with the two children; it was during that time, that she decided to take the drastic step. So far, the Kharghar police have registered a case of accidental death, but subinspector Ashok Satpute told TOI that they were questioning the victim's close family members to know more about the reason behind Samidha's action.\"Originally from Delhi, the suicide victim, (Samidha ), had recently started staying in Kharghar with her husband and two daughters in the rented flat. We are all shocked,\" said a housing society member of Adhiraj Gardens complex.Following post-mortems on the three, the family conducted their last rites at a crematorium in Turbhe on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817050", "title": "Industries panel cries foul over Goa Industrial Development Corporation plots' illegal allotment", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa State Industries' Association (GSIA) has once again submitted a complaint to the Panaji police regarding the illegal allotment of Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) plots and requested that an FIR be registered. The Panaji police inspector has forwarded the same to SP (North) for his opinion.In a letter submitted by GSIA last month, GSIA's president Shekhar Sardessai stated that on October 9, 2011, the Panaji police had returned their complaint stating that no cognizable case was made. He said, \"You returned our complaint submitted to you on October 8 on the very next day. In fact, from the perusal of your letter it is apparent that your letter was typed on October 8 itself. It means that you have opined that no cognizable case was made without conducting any investigation in the matter.\"The GSIA lodged its criminal complaint against the GIDC chairman and its past and present managing directors for illegalities in the allotment of plots in industrial estates. However, the Panaji police returned the complaint saying the charges in it were 'non-cognizable'.On November 11, at a meeting of the presidents of all the industrial estate associations along with GSIA's executive and advisory committee members, it was unanimously resolved that the association should go ahead and pursue the matter and achieve its objectives.According to the GSIA, during the October 9 meeting, then CM Digambar Kamat had agreed to the dropping of the managing director, notifying a screening committee for plot allotments, transfers, revocation in industrial estates, ordering work stoppage at unauthorized plots and stopping tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817004", "title": "Earth Week from today", "text": "With a view to creating awareness amongst consumers on their responsibility towards sustainable consumption, Goacan will observe an Earth Week awareness campaign from Earth Day , on April 22. Goacan also seeks to promote environmental literacy and highlight the importance of taking proactive steps to protect Goa's environment in their neighbourhood, village and town. During the week, Goacan will reach out to consumers with messages on waste management, judicious use of water, energy conservation , reducing usage of plastic packaging, segregation at source of toxic and medical waste and the dangers of killing frogs. The Earth week will conclude on April 28, which is 'Save the frog day'.CME on Posology: The Homoeopathic Medical Association of India (Goa Branch) will organize a one-day continuing medical education (CME) on Posology on April 22 at Hotel Sapphire, opposite KTC, Margao, from 9am to 4pm. Dr Ashok Borkar will be the speaker. The CME is open to all practitioners and students. For details and registration call on 9822179980.Filmmaking workshop for children: Bal Bhavan will organize a filmmaking workshop for children in the age group of 9-16 years from April 23 to 27, from 10am to 5pm, at Bal Bhavan, Campal-Panaji. This workshop will be conducted under the guidance of film director Mahesh Rane. For details and registration contact Anant Sutar, senior instructor (performing art) on or before April 23.Exhibition of Bengal art:An exhibition titled 'Art of Bengal' will be held at Kala Academy from April 23 to 26, in which three contemporary artists from West Bengal - Diapali Sha, Ranjan Mukherjee and Sulochana Saraswat - will showcase their works.Open house on industry, labour: To spur growth of the manufacturing sector in Goa which, the economic survey has pointed out, has been slipping, the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Gwill hold an open house on issues pertaining to Labour and Industry Relations, PF, ESI, etc for industry stakeholders on April 24. This was disclosed by Binayak Datta, chairman of GCCI's industrial relations and human resource development committee at a press briefing recently. The Open House will discuss all matters connected with employee relations and will be held at the GCCI conference hall on April 24 at 10am. GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said, \"We (industries) need to put our house in order. We need to find the lacunas and plug the holes.\"State labour Minister Avertano Furtado, labour secretary, labour commissioner, chief inspector of factories and boilers, chief commissioner of income tax, regional provident fund commissioner-Goa, the regional director ESIC Goa, director of craftsmanship training and many other representatives from various institutions will be present for the interaction.Rhythmic breathing sessions: The newly formed Goa Rhythmic Breathing Association will organize rhythmic breathing sessions throughout the state for the benefit of Goan public in general and student community in particular, states a press note.The practice of rhythmic breathing improves physical and mental health of a person. It also reduces stress to a great extent, ensures perfect circulation of blood with minimum load on the heart and also the vital organs work smoothly with minimal ageing.For details contact Venkatesh Betigiri (Ph: 9422443421) or Navnath Khandeparkar (Ph: 9823030900).Goa DJ Championship: The Goa DJ Championship will be held on May 12 in North Goa. DJs interested in participating are requested to email their profiles and bio data at frankfranklyn@gmail.com or crimson.gems@gmail.com.Tarang - children's theatre festival: 'Abhivyaktee', a cultural organization from Panaji , will organize 'Tarang' - a two-day state level multilingual children's theatre festival under the 'Tagore Commemoration Grant Scheme' of the Sahitya Academy, New Delhi.The festival will feature four plays based on four stories of Rabindranath Tagore presented by four groups from Goa. It will be held on April 30 and May 1, from 3pm to 7pm, at Dinanath Mangueshkar Kala Mandir, Kala Academy, Panaji. All the four shows are open to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817834", "title": "Lashkar 'operative' acquitted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Jammu &amp; Kashmir resident accused by police of being a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist has been acquitted by a Tis Hazari court for lack of evidence.Additional sessions judge S S Rathi on Saturday acquitted Mukhtar after the special cell of Delhi Police failed to prove the case against him of setting up a base for LeT in the capital on the command of its leader Abu Alqama.According to police, in 2007 it received intelligence alerts that on Alqama's orders, a man was being sent from Jammu and Kashmir to the capital to expand operations, set up sleeper cells and a major base for terrorist operations. In the first week of June, police claimed in the chargesheet, sources tipped them off that the name of the militant was Mukhtar and he was staying in the Jama Masjid area.However, before cops could pick him up, the trail went cold. A few days later, police claimed, it received another tip-off that Mukhtar was once again on his way to Delhi with arms and explosives meant to be handed over to one Shabbir.Police claimed that on June 12, 2007, they nabbed Mukhtar from Old Delhi and found he was carrying more than one kg of explosives with detonators. Mukhtar allegedly admitted being a LeT operative and spilled the beans on future attacks planned in the capital.His lawyer, M S Khan, accused cops of framing an innocent man. He said his client had come to the capital to take the Delhi-Lahore bus to go to Pakistan to meet his relatives.A court acquitted Mukhtar after cops failed to prove that the accused had come to Delhi to set up a Lashkar base", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12818095", "title": "Uttara Kannada fishermen allege harassment", "text": "KARWAR: The members of Karwar - Ankola Trawler Boat Association on Saturday submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner of Uttara Kannada alleging harassment by the Coastal Security Police of Goa in Talpana area.In its memorandum, the association said that the fishermen in Karwar and Goa have been sharing a cordial relation for the past several decades and the fishermen of both the states enter each other's state for fishing activities.The fishermen in their memorandum alleged that the Coastal Security Police of Goa state have been behaving high-handedly towards the fishermen of Karwar when the latter enter Goa. The fishermen were beaten up in some cases and their catch taken away by the Coastal Security Police of Goa.The association urged the deputy commissioner to hold talks with the government of Goa to stop atrocities on fishermen of Karwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12818562", "title": "Parents feel jealousy led to murder of Odia boy in US", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of murdered Boston University student K Seshadri Rao suspect men jealous of his son's achievement may have eliminated him.\"He had no addictive habits, no enemies. Because of his selection for an internship in a good company and excellent performance in the varsity, some may have got envious,\" his father K Sudhakar Rao, a banker in Jeypore town, said. Seshadri's mother Bijaylaxmi also harboured similar suspicion. \"He may have annoyed some people because of his high performance,\" she said.Seshadri was found shot dead outside the 100 block of Allston Street at about 2:40 am (American time) near Boston University. He last spoke to his family two hours before he was killed. \"We spoke to each other for around half an hour on Thursday night. He was in a jubilant mood because of his selection in a company for internship. He mentioned the money he needed for the internship. When we signed off it was around 9 am here (midnight in Boston),\" said Sudhakar.Seshadri stayed in an apartment at Allston along with three other Indian students - Sameer Mittal, Sudhansu Goil and Sandeep Singh. None of them could shed any light on the murder. \"We got to know about it when police came at 6 am in the morning,\" Sudhakar quoted them as saying.Much before that, Seshadri's friend Aditya, a Mumbaikar who studies in North Eastern University , had called up the Rao family around 12 am on Thursday. \"He was the first one to call,\" the bereaved father said. Aditya and Seshadri studied together in National Institute of Technology (NIT) Karnataka and were in touch since.Sudhakar said the top priority for the family now is to bring the body here to perform the last rites. \"I would like the body to be flown to Bhubaneswar for the cremation at Swargdwar in Puri,\" he said, adding \"we want to do other rituals in our Cuttack residence, not in Jeypore\".The murder has sparked a sharp reaction in the state. Describing the incident as \"barbaric\", chief minister Naveen Patnaik said on Saturday the state government will facilitate the body to be brought from Mumbai to Odisha.Kenneth Elmore, dean of students at Boston University, condoled the family. \"I am sad about what has happened to your son. With all the resources and support around him, it is unfortunate that it has happened,\" the dean wrote.\"Unfortunately, we do not have a great deal of information to share with you since the police are still actively investigating this matter. The Boston police department (BPD) is leading the investigation (not the Boston University police) since this incident occurred near your son's off campus apartment in Allston and not on the Boston University campus,\" Elmore wrote.The 24-year-old deceased, a brilliant student throughout his career, was pursuing MBA in mathematical finance at Boston University School of Management. He studied Class IX and Class IX in an English medium school in Jeypore town, Plus II in Stewart Science College, Cuttack, and BTech from NIT, Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "one of the most outspoken voices of moderation in pakistan, ayaz amir, a pml (n) parliamentarian and ardent supporter of friendlier indo-pak ties, tells sameer arshad that anti-new delhi rhetoric is yesterday's news in his country. excerpts", "code": "12819114", "title": "India is no longer seen as enemy: Ayaz Amir", "text": "One of the most outspoken voices of moderation in Pakistan, Ayaz Amir, a PML (N) parliamentarian and ardent supporter of friendlier Indo-Pak ties, tells Sameer Arshad that anti-New Delhi rhetoric is yesterday's news in his country. Excerpts:Has trade triumphed over hostilities after the Mumbai attacks?Trade is one of the factors. There is a growing feeling in Pakistan that the era of animosity is over and we should move to a new phase of relationship. The hotbed of hostility against India used to be Punjab. Anti-India sentiments also stemmed from Partition. That has changed. Now, there is greater maturity . Mumbai was a tragedy. We are finally out of it. We may have many like Hafiz Saeed but the real guys behind (Mumbai attacks) were splinter groups not controlled by him. We have militant offshoots. But overall the anti-India feeling is rather old. We have public meetings here and India is never mentioned . I come from the army belt of Chakwal and Rawalpindi , and there is hardly any village which does not have a recent tomb of a soldier who has died fighting the Taliban. We no longer have soldiers dying in fight against India.So that's the main factor...The situation on our western borders is also driving the feeling . But in order to sustain this mood (favouring peace with India) and push it forward, there is a feeling in Pakistan that there should be some sort of a breakthrough on problems such as Sir Creek and Siachen, especially after the recent tragedy. There has been an outpouring of comments in Pakistan that this standoff in Siachen is completely senseless.There are many in India who would argue that bonhomie from civilians is fine, but what matters is what the army has to say about this. Is the army on board?The old situation has changed in the army as well. The obsession with India as an enemy is no longer the dominant sentiment . It will be more pragmatic if we solve our problems through diplomacy. The feeling that India poses an existential threat is no longer there. The threat of Taliban is not going to go away with the US withdrawal (from Afghanistan). It may get even worse. We have many problems other than India.Did Zardari's visit to Delhi break the ice?Yes. Very few people opposed the visit but the government remains very unpopular. He was criticized for taking such a large delegation to India. Questions were raised about the trip but not the spirit of friend- with IndiaThere appears to be a change in the stance on Kashmir as well. How widespread is the feeling?After the two countries signed the Simla Agreement, Pakistan stopped talking about Kashmir for the next 17 years. But India mismanaged Kashmir and Pakistan got into the act. Kashmir is a missed opportunity as far as India is concerned. Supporting militancy was a flawed policy and we did no service to the Kashmiris with it. We, in fact, damaged the Kashmir cause, and that is a growing feeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821755", "title": "Small talk with Nelofar Currimbhoy", "text": "Nelofar's biography of mother Shahnaz Husain reveals the private life of a public figure.Nelofar Currimbhoy has leonine hair and wears baroque jewellery. Her name does not immediately spark recognition but the minute you realise she is Shahnaz Husain's daughter, the memory finds its mark.She recently unveiled a biography Flame: The story of my mother Shahnaz Husain. It seems fitting she should document her mother's life and work given how much her life overlaps with her famous mother's. She has been involved in the beauty business for as long as she can remember. She's now the president of the Shahnaz Husain group of companies.\"I remember having to move my things out of my room in Tehran at 11 so that my mother could run a parlour out of it with her creams and lotions. After my father passed away, I just sat at the table and started working,\" she says.Though they look similar, their personalities are not. Shahnaz is a public figure, Nelofar a very private person. Shahnaz is fiery and Nelofar, calm and systematic. \"But what many people don't realise is that my mother has had to be a public figure because of her business,\" she says. \"She has never spoken about her personal life.\"\"I realised my mother wanted so desperately to find self-expression that she did everything she could by way of her business. But she also retained her resolve to keep her marriage and child together.\" In giving her mother's story expression, Nelofar has also found self-expression. She has always been a quiet, behind-the-scenes presence.But writing this book also meant reliving the tragedies of their lives. There are chapters on loss, especially those of her father and brother. \"It took me two to three months to get down to writing them,\" she says of the chapters that come towards the end. \"My mother has not been able to read the book cover to cover. Our roles sometimes reverse. There have been times where I have mothered her, especially when I lost my father.\"Nelofar is the one who brought her mother and her second husband and entrepreneur R K Puri together. \"Nobody should be home alone. Mr Puri had come to advise us professionally and had lost his wife to cancer. Here were two people in very similar positions. He was brought up in England, elegant and well-suited to my mother. I encouraged my mother as much as I could.\"Shahnaz, in turn, has always encouraged her to write. \"I have always written poetry. My mother planned to get my letters to her published because she said I wrote them so well,\" she says. \"One day in a coffee shop, my mother saw a book on Gulzar written by his daughter and she said, 'Promise me you will write a book on me someday'. I thought about it for six months and knew there was no better person than me to do it. Finally, when I went to Bhutan , the queen told me I must. And so I did,\" she says.Nelofar wanted Shahnaz's story to inspire women. \"Self-help books tell you what to do in a very dry way. Here is a woman who has kept at her dream with determination. She broke through the glass ceiling and pioneered the herbal industry. She has so much courage and is able to do what she wants with so much elan,\" she says.The defining memory she has of her mother is one from an aunt's wedding. \"This was in Lucknow where half the women were in burkhas. My mother was, meanwhile, wearing a figure-hugging fishtail gown. She had pinned on a gold dupatta so that when anyone asked how she could wear an outrageous outfit at a family function, she said, 'It's a one-piece gharara'.Her hair was all swept up. Everybody was just staring. Even I couldn't stop looking at her.\"An excerptAs they talked about the structure of the company and discussed the best way to consolidate it, my mother spoke to Mr Puri about my father and how much he had supported her in her work. Touched by her circumstances, Mr Puri revealed that he as well had experienced a similar loss recently; his wife of many years had succumbed to cancer after a four-year-long struggle, around the same time that my father had passed away. He offered to lend my mother the book he was reading, Life after Death, which had helped him cope with his bereavement. Destiny was gently steering them towards each other; the stars propelling them on their preordained path. Over the next few months, Mr Puri and my mother met often and as they talked about their shared sense of loss, they found that they understood each other's grief as no one else could. Their professional relationship slowly transformed into a friendship based on mutual admiration and respect. My mother would often confide her feelings in me through those days and I became her best friend and her confidante more than ever. One day she walked into my office looking preoccupied. While we sat sipping warm tea from oversized mugs she lowered her voice and told me that Mr Puri had proposed to her.Excerpted from: Flame: The story of my mother Shahnaz HusainAuthor: Nelofar CurrimbhoyPublisher: Hachette Book Publishing India Pvt LtdMitali Parekh @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817463", "title": "After Agni V test, director Tessy on to next challenge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tessy Thomas, project director for Agni IV and a senior scientist behind the launch of Agni V, is already back at work preparing for the Multiple Independent Re-entry Vehicles ( MIRV) of Agni V that will make a second strike possible.\"We have certain technologies to work on,\" Tessy Thomas, top scientist at the Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL) told the Times of India here on Saturday. R K Gupta was the project director for the Agni V just like Tessy was for Agni IV. Tessy also played a crucial role as project director (mission) for Agni V.When Agni V was test fired on April 19 at the wheeler island, Odisha, excited scientists lifted the top brass on their shoulders to celebrate the big event though Tessy was left out. \"Our joy was controllable. I may not have been lifted up but I was literally dancing on my feet,\" Tessy said.She may not have got that special treatment for Agni V, but when Agni IV was test fired successfully last year Tessy got her due. \"My husband (Saroj Kumar Patel) was around then, so even I got lifted in the celebrations that broke out,\" Tessy said.For Agni V, Tessy had to look after the mission design, guidance, control, navigation and hardware. \"It is a large mission, everyone had different responsibilities,\" Tessy said.While missiles are what Tessy always has in mind, strange as it may sound, her parents had named her after Mother Teresa. Interestingly, Tessy hardly finds any difference in what Mother Teresa , whom she adores, did and her own work. \"She did something for the society and my job also relates to doing something for the benefit of society,\" she said.Tessy joined the Defence Institute of Advanced Technology (DIAT) of the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO) as a faculty member in guided missiles in 1987 with an ME degree in guided missiles. She became a part of the %inertial navigation group %as a scientist in 1988 in %Hyderabad.The missile woman, who is now referred to as 'Agni putri', has been a part of every Agni programme from the time developmental flights were being carried out 25 years ago. She designed the guidance schemes for long range missile system meant for Agni missiles.A lot of personal recognition has come Tessy Thomas' way but the missile woman prefers to describe herself as an ordinary citizen. \"The country as a whole is excited about Agni V and as an Indian citizen, even I am happy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816600", "title": "Cooking gas for all tribals around Tadoba", "text": "In a move to end the man-animal conflict in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, the forest department has decided to provide cooking gas to all the 13,000 tribals staying in and around its buffer zone. In addition, it will also provide fodder for the cattle so that they don't enter the forest areas.With this, the forest department hopes that the tribals would desist from their traditional practice of entering the dense forest areas for fuel wood and fodder for cattle. Tadoba, with nearly 100 tigers and known as the jewel of Vidarbha, is spread over an area of 600 sq kms.Following a preliminary survey conducted by the wildlife wing and forest department, it was found that there was no end to the man-animal conflict since the tribals were frequently entering the forest areas for fuel wood and were grazing their animals. \"We found that on several occasions, both the tribals and their cattle fall prey to tigers and wild animals in and around the park. We have drafted a new strategy to ensure that tribals don't enter the jungle,'' Praveen Pardesi, principal secretary of forests, told TOI on Saturday.Elaborating on the strategy, Pardesi said, \"We have already provided cooking gas to well over 1200 families and we are sure we will complete our target in a time-bound period. Once the target is completed, we are optimistic that tribals will not venture into the forest areas for fuel wood,'' said Pardesi.On the economic aspect of the new plan, Pardesi said it has been proposed to provide 75% subsidy for cooking gas while the remaining amount will be paid by the beneficiary. It has been proposed to generate funds for the project from the ecological development plan and funds reserved for compensatory afforestation programme. \"Our ultimate aim is to ensure that tribals are less dependent on forest produce,'' said Pardesi.Secondly, Pardesi said the state government has drafted a comprehensive plan for the rehabilitation of tribals. \"We have reserved two routes for the tribal youths. They have been empowered to charge entry of Rs 100 on these routes, the youths will also work as guides for the tourist and charge the prescribe fee,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816642", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation opens illegally locked Mahavir Nagar skating rink", "text": "NAGPUR: The illegally locked skating rink in Mahavir Nagar was thrown open to people by the garden department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Friday. After The Times of India highlighted the issue, NMC officials and ward corporator Suresh Jagyasi took initiative and opened the lock of the park in which the rink is situated, by holding a meeting with the residents.The area which used to wear a desolate look till recently is now abuzz with activity as children would now be able to spend their summer vacations playing in the park. The park has become a hub of fun and games and brought smiles on the faces of youngsters and their parents.A senior resident of the locality said, \"Till yesterday, children had no option but to play in the limited area inside their homes or roads. Now they can play in the park and skate,\" the resident said. Another resident said she could not allow her children, aged two and four, to go out of her sight on the road fearing speeding motorists.Although the civic body is yet to install play equipment, children were a happy lot with the skating rink. NMC garden superintendent NB Shrikhande said that \"Now that the garden was opened, we would start development work which would include planting of saplings and installing play equipment.\"Jagyasi said he had convened a meeting with the residents on Friday evening who assured to extend cooperation to restart the skating rink. \"A private trainer will be entrusted with training children for two months. The trainer will charge fee and it would be his responsibility to maintain the garden,\" said the corporator.Meanwhile, Mahavir Nagar residents and Dayalu Housing Society have organized a function to reopen the garden on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817614", "title": "Rising stars, sinking producers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Here's some stark reality. Well-established film producers are shying away from making films or thinking several times before embarking on a new project in the Telugu film industry now. If there was a cause for celebration when the industry shifted to Hyderabad from Chennai during 1980s, a shift in the thinking of producers, directors and actors has made film production unviable. Blame stars, who are refusing to be only actors, for the pathetic state of affairs in the film industry.After the ANR, NTR, Krishna, Sobhan Babu era, actors slowly metamorphosed into 'stars'. Akkineni Nagarjuna, Venkatesh, Balakrishna, Chiranjeevi with a huge fan following became much sought-after for producers. They had their own fan following and producers wanted to cash in on the craze for them. And so, the trend of big payments to stars began. Though of late, these heroes have been essaying different kinds of roles, more meaningful for their age, their 'star value' is what got producers to compete with each other to book them for whatever they felt the worth of these stars.And now, you have Mahesh Babu, Ram Charan Tej, Jr NTR and a host of others who extract their pound of flesh in so far as their remuneration is concerned from the producers. Film director N Gopalakrishna said even during the peak of their career both ANR and NTR would be unwilling to take a remuneration that would jeopardise the interests of the producer and make film production uneconomical. Even Krishna would forego a pending installment of remuneration if the film did not do well at the box office.Big heroes of today not only take their remuneration in crores but also take territory rights of distribution from the producer. Another huge burden on the producers these days is the demand for organising audio release functions for these stars' forthcoming films. According to an estimate, at least Rs 12 lakh to Rs 15 lakh is being spent on such functions that are being organised on a grand scale at Shilpa Kala Vedika, which is a popular venue or other places. Recently, the audio release functions of Pawan Kalyan's 'Gabbar Singh', Jr NTR's 'Dammu', Ram Charan Tej's 'Racha', director S S Rajamouli's 'Eega', Mahesh Babu's 'Businessman' were all organised on a grand scale.The idea is to create hype about the film and heap praises on the stars. It is another matter that the film may not do well at the box-office. But then it hardly matters for the stars. \"We see a lot of new producers coming forward to make films though the established ones seem to be keeping away,\" an office-bearer of the Telugu Film Producers Council said.In terms of the sheer numbers, the Telugu film industry may be doing good, but it is said the success rate has dipped to just five to 10 per cent. That puts a question mark on the future of the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12826927", "title": "2G case: ED summons Kanimozhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate has summoned DMK MP Kanimozhi later this week in connection with its probe into alleged financial irregularities in the 2G spectrum allocation case.The 43-year-old daughter of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi has been asked by the agency to either come herself or send an authorised representative for submission of financial documents and recording of statement on April 26, ED sources said.Kanimozhi was last year released on bail in the 2G case and the agency is set to begin prosecution action.Kanimozhi and others have been charged by the CBI in connection with the channelling of Rs 200 crore to DMK family- run Kalaignar TV through a circuitous route.The ED had summoned her for questioning about the transfer of the Rs 200 crore to the TV channel, in which she and Kalaignar TV MD Sharad Kumar hold 20 per cent stake each.Some other transactions are also under the scanner of the ED in the 2G scam. The ED, according to the sources, had earlier scrutinised documents related to the DMK MP's income, properties and personal investments and plans to take the probe forward, they said.The ED had earlier initiated attachment proceedings under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against other individuals and certain telecom firms involved in the case.Besides the cases of Kanimozhi and Kumar, similar probe is underway under the provisions of the anti-money laundering Act against Swan Telecom promoter Shahid Usman Balwa's cousin Asif Balwa, Director of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt Ltd Rajeev Agarwal and Karim Murani of Cineyug Films (Pvt) Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817203", "title": "Police do a U-turn, give clean chit to murdered girl\u2019s dad", "text": "MUMBAI: In a complete turnaround, the police on Saturday said a three-year-old girl's father was no longer a suspect in her rape and murder case. The girl's body was floating in the sea near Maker Towers in Cuffe Parade early on Thursday. This is the third case of a girl child being found murdered in the area.Initially, the police claimed the girl's father, Rajeev Sharma, was the prime suspect as he had allegedly threatened the victim's mother two days before the murder and was absconding. Investigators had rebuffed the theory that the child's murder was the handiwork of a serial killer. On Saturday, the police changed their tone and said it might have been too premature to rule out the serial killing angle.Sharma, who was in his native village in Uttar Pradesh since Tuesday, returned to the city on Friday night and proceeded to turn himself in to the Cuffe Parade police. The police questioned him all night and released him on Saturday morning after verifying his alibi and ruling out his involvement in the crime.Sharma, the victim's maternal grandfather and her uncles buried her at the Worli cemetery on Saturday afternoon.\"We have questioned Sharma and are convinced he is innocent. We won't be pressing any charges against him and are seeking his cooperation in the investigation. We have also not ruled out the possibility that this case may be linked to the two previous cases where the victims were murdered in a similar manner,\" said inspector R Pawar of the Cuffe Parade police.The police had taken samples from several suspects, including the victim's grandfather and stepfather, and are awaiting the DNA test results. \"The grandfather has a criminal background and was involved in a murder case before. We are not ruling him out as a possible suspect and will take further action when the results come on Monday,\" said an officer.The girl's mother Suzzane and her family blame the police for trying to mislead them about the investigations. Suzzane claims the police are not sharing information about the probe and are threatening and intimidating them. Suzzane said some neighbours claim to have seen her daughter on Wednesday night a few lanes from her house at a party. The victim's great grandmother, who was sleeping with her that night, has no idea about the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818618", "title": "Sexcapade railway man booked for culpable homicide", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a court order, the Bhoiwada police on Saturday slapped the non-bailable charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder on Central Railway employee Surendra Chavan (54) following the death of a sex worker who had a fatal fall while trying to escape from his flat by climbing down a rope, fashioned out of sarees and bed sheets, early on Friday. Chavan has been remanded in police custody till April 24.Initially Chavan was booked on the charge of causing death due to negligence under section 304 (A) of the IPC but later, it was changed to a non-bailable offence. (. On Saturday the police charged it to 304 (II) (culpable homicides not amounting to murder). Chavan is in custody till April 24 for further interrogation. He had been employed as senior section engineer at the Parel Loco Shed.police are searching for the deceased's whereabouts.During the probe, the police learnt that Chavan, a senior section engineer at the Parel Loco Shed, brought the sex worker to his third-floor flat in the CR Staff Colony at Parel on Thursday evening, promising her Rs 500 and a beer bottle.In his FIR statement, Chavan said on Thursday, after returning from work, he picked up the woman, identified as Julie, from outside a theatre in Dadar. from work around 4pm, following which he took a bath and performed puja before leaving to bring the woman identified as Julie.\"Chavan said he brought the woman as his wife had left for her parent's house in Kurla and he thought she would return only the next day,\" said ACP (Bhoiwada) R B Poman.According to the Chavan's statement in the FIR, he returned from work around 4pm on Thursday. He took bath and performed puja before leaving to bring the CSW. \"Chavan said he brought the woman thinking that his wife, who left on Thursday morning to her parent's Kurla home, will return home the next day,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Bhoiwada division) R B Poman.Chavan, picked Julie up from outside a theatre in Dadar.\"After fixing the pay (Rs 500) and her demand (beer bottle), Chavan left Julie in a taxi and went to a wine shop. He deliberately returned home after sunset so that no one could spot him with the women,\" said Poman. But a neighbour did see him with her and reportedly tipped his wife off. Around 10.15pm, Chavan's wife returned. \"When Chavan did not respond, she tried to open the door with a key. But with Chavan bolting the door from inside, she failed to open it. She waited for an hour, then put a lock on the door from outside and returned to her parents' home,\" said the police.Fearing that his wife would confront him the next day, Chavan decided to climb down from his balcony. \"Both Chavan and Julie were drunk by then. They tied up sarees and bed sheets together, with the help of which, Chavan came down to the ground. On running up to his flat, he found that his wife had put a lock on the door and he did not have a key to it. Around 2.15am on Friday, he called on Julie's mobile, asking her to climb down like he had done earlier. As she climbed down, Julie lost her grip midway and fell to ground, suffering multiple fractures that led to her death,\" cops said.Chavan then ordered a guard, Jaywant Surve (65), to get the keys of the garden gate from another resident, Rajendra Godekar. \"Chavan and Surve carried Julie's body outside and left it by the road. But the police nabbed him with the help of his wallet found by the body,\" said the police. Godekar did not respond to TOI's calls on Saturday. \"We have to check if Godekar was involved before we take any action,\" said Bhoiwada senior inspector Vikram Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12817922", "title": "Caution: Your tap water may be impure", "text": "MYSORE: The outcome of water testing is shocking but true. More than 50% of the water samples tested for bacteriological analysis by health officials -- both in Mysore and Chamarajanagar districts -- are contaminated and susceptible to cholera. The revelation indicates the impurity of the water supplied.In January, 48 of the 91 water samples collected from different parts of Mysore district were found unfit for drinking because of the presence of bacteria. The situation in February turned worse with 70% of water samples being not potable. Of the 146 samples, 83 samples collected from different places were found contaminated in March.In Mysore city, seven of the eight samples collected in January were found infected. In February, 13 of the 15 samples were found polluted. In March, 61% of the samples was established unhygienic in March.Previous year, the city had recorded 40 cases of cholera. But in this season, about 45 cases were reported in the first three-and-half months alone. Even there is rise in H1N1 cases. As many as six positive cases have been reported as against the two previous year. All hospitals, including private ones, have been directed to inform District Task Force soon after communicable diseases are reported.DHO S M Malegowda told STOI that water was found infected in Ittigegud, Ashokapuram, Hebbal and Thilak Nagar. Moreover, many people fell ill after consuming panaka (juice) given during the recent jathra festival at Nanjangud Sri Kanteshwara Temple in Nanjangud.\"After test reports confirmed the presence of bacteria in the samples, we alert the authorities concerned -- both in urban and rural areas -- to rectify problems in water supply to prevent any outbreak of communicable diseases. Precautionary measures like banning the sale of food on streets, chlorinating water, plugging leakages of water pipes and educating residents in association with officials concerned both in city and taluks have been taken up,\" he said.Malegowda explained in rural places medical officers and health assistants collect water samples at three points - water tank, valve and at consumer point -- and subject them for testing. In urban places, they test the samples collected at consumer point.Health assistants have been armed with chloroscope to check chlorine content in the supplied water. The DHO said they have sufficient stock of IV fluids and necessary drugs to treat the infected-persons.The situation is no different in the neighbouring Chamarajanagar district, which has reported two suspected cholera deaths so far. Over 50 cholera cases have been reported from Bandalli, Hamsavadi, Kalanahundi in the first three-and-half months in the district. On Saturday, three fresh cases were reported from Kalanahundi where two deaths possibly due to cholera early this week.Chamarajanagar DHO N Ramesh Babu said in Chamarajanagar too, half of the water samples tested by them are not fit for drinking because of bacterial presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816887", "title": "No junkets for babus", "text": "BANGALORE: Additional chief secretary K Jairaj on Saturday issued an order, directing the officials to stay in the places they are posted, to effectively implement drought relief-works. This follows CM D V Sadananda Gowda's announcement that none of the public servants, including legislators, would go on foreign junkets.Citing prevailing drought conditions in the state, additional chief secretary K Jairaj in his order said the it was necessary for the all the officers to stay in the places posted and to effectively implement the government decisions in regard to drought relief works. \"Drought works is not restricted to single department, the relief works involves all the departments. So the officials should cancel their foreign tour programmes for next two months,\" Jairaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817086", "title": "Clicking answers make MBA, MCA aspirants smile", "text": "LUCKNOW: The effort of Gautam Buddh Technical University to introduce online state entrance examination 2012 for admissions to Master of Business Administration and Master of Computer Applications seems to have begun well. On Saturday, as many as 18,000 students (9,000 each in MBA, MCA) took the computer-based test at 35 centres in the state. In Lucknow, the exam was conducted at six centres. The change in pattern made the aspirants smiles.\"The online system of examination is better than the pen and paper method. A lot of time was consumed in encircling the right options in OMR sheet. The online is certainly better as one click can fulfil the purpose,\" said Mahendra Singh , a candidate.Another MBA aspirant Rekha Kushwaha said, \"In the online system, one can return back to any question any number of times. In the old method once the answer was marked, there was difficulty in changing the answer.''While the MCA exam was held from 9.30 am to 11.30 am, MBA was scheduled from 3.30 pm to 5.50 pm. Out of 9,000 students who registered themselves for MCA, 95% took the exam. However, the drop out rate in MBA was slightly higher. Out of 9,000 who were registered to take the exam on Saturday, 80% appeared. Another 9,000 MBA candidates will take the exam on April 28.As per SEE coordinator, Prof VK Singh, the online exam is an attempt to do away with the conventional pen and paper. \"The exam went smooth. There were no technical glitches that were reported,\" said Prof Singh. He added that there were a total of 100 questions of four marks each in both the paper.In MBA, the questions were divided into five sections - general aptitude, general knowledge, quantitative aptitude, reasoning and English grammar and essay writing. Candidates who took the exam found English and Quantitative section difficult, while the rest was comparatively easy. \"English section was difficult and lengthy too. A lot of time was taken while writing essay,\" said Sumit Pal, a candidate. In MCA, all 100 questions were from Mathematics, but from different topics. To note, as per the rules of GBTU, the qualifying marks for any candidate belonging to general or Other Backward Category (OBC) is 25%, while for the Scheduled Castes, it is kept at 20%. Moreover, a candidate seeking direct admission in MBA, MCA will be eligible, only if he/she has secured 45% marks in class XII.Another important change made this year by the university is the withdrawal of management quota from the colleges. This has been done to put a check on the malpractices carried out by the private colleges during the time of admission. \"Now, there will only be 5% NRI quota in both government and private colleges, be it engineering or management,\" said the officials.According to officials, after 5% NRI quota, 20% admissions to MBA will be done through CMAT, and remaining through SEE. For MCA, 95% admissions will be done through SEE while 5% will be filled by NRI quota. This year, there are nearly 30,000 seats in MBA and 15,000 in MCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12818097", "title": "Madurai teenager commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A 14-year-old boy committed suicide in Madurai after he was reprimanded for his habit of abusing toxic whiteners. Police said the boy had been in the habit of sniffing whiteners that were sold in shops for as low as Rs 5, for the past two years.The boy Chellapandi (14), son of Selvam, a lorry driver from Jaganathapuram near Chekkanurani was studying in the sixth standard in a government school.\"On Friday, his grandmother Karupayi spotted two whiteners in his shirt pocket and scolded him. She also threatened that she would inform his father. Fearing the consequences if his father discovered the habit, Chellapandi hanged himself with a sari when his grandmother went out,'' said a police officer.Police said that the alarming practice of sniffing whiteners, an insoluble liquid made of Toluene, was in vogue among a few school students across Madurai. In fact, a school near Nagamalai Pudukottai had even instructed shops in it's vicinity not to sell whiteners.\"Chellapandi had picked up the habit from his friends when he was barely 12-years-old. Due to whitener abuse, he skipped school for several days and fared very poorly in studies. He was warned several times by his teachers but continued with the habit,'' said the police officer.In an unrelated incident, another teenager - a 16 year old school girl - hanged herself to death after she was scolded for scoring low marks.The girl, Kowsalya (16), daughter of Selvam of Uthapatti near Thirumanagalam, was studying in the ninth standard in a government school. She was allegedly scolded by her parents for not attending an exam. The girl had reportedly skipped the exam as she did not prepare for it. A dejected Kowsalya hanged herself in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818226", "title": "Schools celebrate Earth Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: Schools in the city were abuzz with activities on Saturday and celebrated the World Earth Day.Cheerful students of Guru Nanak Public School, Model Town Extension, sand songs in the morning assembly. They were shown slides on nature conservation in a powerpoint presentation. Banners and colourful charts were put up, reading \"Go Green'' and \"Plant a tree today''. Children learnt the importance of preserving planet earth.A tree plantation drive was organized at Cherubs Preschool in Dugri. An interhouse poster-making competition was also held wherein students painted their thoughts on nature conservation. There was a speech on\" Importance of nature and its protection.Sat Paul Mittal School, Dugri, celebrated Earth Day with a myriad of educational and fun activities. A special assembly marked the event and a powerpoint presentation was shown to students. Pupils expressed their views in speeches in English and Hindi, and agreed to prioritize earth protection.At GMT Public School, Jalandhar Bypass, students were informed about the importance of Earth day. A fancy dress competition was organized for students of classes II-V.The morning at Leisure Valley, Sarabha Nagar, reverberated with the excited chatter of the students of Don Bosco Global School, Ferozepur Road, who were there to create awareness on environment. A Green Walk was organized and a street play marked the day. At Sacred Heart Senior Secondary School, the students were sensitized about the importance of saving environment. A play \"The Earth Story'' was orgainzed that motivated all to keep the planet beautiful as ever. Students took a pledge and planted saplings and donated used toys to poor children.Students of Apple Tree Preschool, BRS Nagar, planted saplings, donated used toys and made recycled paper bags. They were told about the importance of trees and recycling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817019", "title": "CBI raids 12 places in UP food scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday raided 12 places in Lucknow in connection with the Rs 35,000 multi-crore rupee foodgrain scam, which took place under the Mulayam Singh Yadav regime in 2004.Most of these locations were warehouses and rural offices of the department of food and civil supplies. CBI sleuths searched for documentations and entries of stocks during the scam period, from 2004 to 2006.UP's jail minister for jail Raghuraj Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiyya was food and civil supplies minister for a brief period then. The CBI is slated to file a status report regarding the investigations into the foodgrain case before the Allahabad high court this week. The raids are being seen as a result of the agency deciding to submit a status report, apprehending court censure for delay in investigations.The offices raided included those at Gosainganj, Mohanlalganj, Malihabad, Jiamau, Gomtinagar and Bakshi Ka Talaab, Sarojni Nagar and Sutlanpur road in the state capital. The searches, beginning at around 8am on Saturday, continued till late in the evening.Investigations have revealed that until 2010, foodgrain worth Rs 35,000 crore, meant for the poor, was sold in open market with the connivance of government officials, politicians and middlemen.The foodgrain was meant to be given to the poor through welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday Meal Scheme. Some of the smuggled food grain was even traced to the Nepal and Bangladesh border areas.The special investigation team set up by the Mulayam Singh government in 2006 lodged over 5,000 FIRs and his successor Mayawati , soon after assuming office, ordered a CBI probe into the scam on December 1, 2007. Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari, who was in Lucknow on Saturday, said the investigations appear to be moving fast and he was hopeful that the guilty will be brought to book and soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818593", "title": "Railways to launch fireproof coaches", "text": "PATNA: The Rail Coach Factory (RCF) at Kapurthala in Punjab has started manufacturing fireproof coaches. The railways intends to replace all outdated and general coaches with fireproof coaches.According to a Railway Board official, fireproof coaches made of stainless steel have been produced on trial basis. Their design and other safety measures have been approved by technical experts. Under the new design, approved by the board, the curtains and other fittings inside the AC coaches are fire resistant. These fireproof coaches are being made of superfine stainless steel, he said.The official said 40 such coaches have so far been rolled out from the RCF. These coaches are similar in look and design to the LHB German coaches being used in the Rajdhani and Shatabdi Express trains across the country, he said.According to sources, the stainless steel coaches would be used in mail and express trains. Railways has started using stainless steel coaches in Rajdhani and Shatabdi Express trains on trial basis, sources said, adding that decision has been taken to indigenously manufacture bogies to reduce the making cost of such coaches. The German LHB technology used in manufacturing air-conditioned coaches is quite expensive. The indigenous technology with slight modifications is likely to reduce the manufacturing cost by about 40%, compared to the cost of production of one LHB coach, sources said.At present, the east central railway (ECR) has more than 2,500 coaches, including AC and sleeper ones, which need immediate replacement to maintain foolproof safety, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12818598", "title": "Indian Union Muslim League slams Congress leaders", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Breaking a long silence, Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) leaders, on Wednesday, lashed out at Congress leaders who had criticized the party on the fifth minister issue.IUML state president Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal was the first to come out strongly against the Congress. He criticized that party during the inaugural function of IUML's Malappuram district conference.Clearly targeting Aryadan Muhammed and K Muraleedharan, he said that different kinds of waste were piling up in the state, and that IUML's fifth minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali had the responsibility to clean up the waste. Hyderali Thangal also said some leaders were jealous that IUML had got one more minister in the UDF cabinet. 'This disease is spreading day by day to more parts like an epidemic. The party has the power to heal the disease', he said. .Reiterating the Ali had got the portfolio of urban affairs in the recent exapansion of UDF cabinet.firm stand of the party on the issue, IUML state general secretary K P A Majeed said the party would not continue in any system that humiliates it. He said the party had compromised a lot during the initial days of the formation of the UDF cabinet.Majeed said IUML does not want to respond to leaders who had been speaking nonsense on the fifth minister issue. He He said, some leaders speaking nonsense, reegarding the fifth minister issue. They not deserving even a reply and the party is not going to respond them', he said.said Oommen Chandy was sworn in chief minister after IUML had compromised on its demands. The UDF had discussed IUML's demand in the initial stages of the cabinet formation itself. The Congress had then promised it the fifth ministerial berth. And the party had chosen to wait for it till the government had overcome the initial hiccups, he said.IUML state general secretary E T Muhammed Basheer MP who also spoke at the function said the party deserving more and the ongoing discusions of the community of the ministers will detiriorate the poltics.Breaking a long silence, the Indian Union Muslim Elague(IUML) leaders, on Wednesday lashed out against the congress leaders who criticised the party on the fifth minister issue.The state president of the party, Panakkad Hyderali Shihab Thangal was the first one came up strongly against the congress, at the venue of the inaugural function of Malppuram District conference of the Muslim League.In his equivocal speech clearly targeting the congress leaders Aryadan Muhammed and K Muraleedharan who severely criticized the Muslilm League in fifth minister issue, the state president said that different kind of wastes are suffocating in state and the fifth minister of the Muslim League Manhalam Kuzhi Ali has the responsibility to clean up the wastes accumulating. Ali had got the portfolio of urban affairs in the recent exapansion of UDF cabinet.Adding further to the firm stand of the party, the state general secretary KPA Majeed said, IUML would not continue in any such system, within which the party suffering hard criticisms and humiliations. Majeed said , the Muslilm League compromised a lot during the initiatl days of the formation of the UDF cabinet, after the assembly election.He said, some leaders speaking nonsense, reegarding the fifth minister issue. They not deserving even a reply and the party is not going to respond them', he said.Hyderali Thangal said, some leaders in the state, are got envy when the Muslim League managed to get the fifth minister in UDF cabinet. 'This disease is spreading day by day to more parts like an epidemic. The party has the power to heal the disease', he said. . He also said Party will not use the ministerial post just as a laurel.Majeed said, Oommen Chandy sworn in as chief mninster of state , after Muslim Eague compromised in their demands. The UDF had discussed the demand of Muslim League for a fifth birth in the cabinet, in the initial stage of the cabinet formation itself. The congress had gave a promise regarding this. But the party demanded the fifth birth only after the government overcame initial struggles, he said.Another state general secretary of the party, E T Muhammed Basheer MP who also spoke at the function said the party deserving more and the ongoing discusions of the community of the ministers will detiriorate the poltics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817458", "title": "Breach of security at Secretariat", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major breach of security, burglars reportedly removed principal secretary (Home) P Gautam Kumar's cabin door latch at the Secretariat on Saturday morning.The home department is located in the A-Block of the Secretariat and Gautam Kumar's cabin is in room number 502 on the fifth floor of the block. Besides 502, the door latch of room number 503, next to a room belonging to the staff of the home department, was also found removed.The Saifabad police said they were yet to ascertain whether someone entered Gautam Kumar's cabin or not. However, nothing went missing from the office.The lower-rung staff first noticed the missing latch and immediately alerted their higher-ups. Deputy commissioner of police (Central Zone) Tarun Joshi told STOI that they were yet to ascertain how someone could gain entry into the cabin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817093", "title": "Widening of left-turn roads begin in Ganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the work to widen left-turn road began in Hazratganj to ease out bottlenecks, the ramps existing on the extended footpaths will be shifted to the original corridor once the work is complete.The left-turn road widening work has been undertaken after a meeting of LDA, LMC and Lucknow police to chalk out strategy to improve traffic scenario in Hazratganj. To start with, DIG Ashutosh Pandey ordered bannnig right-turn on Alka tri-section by putting up barrier.However, knowing well that a permanent arrangement has to be made along with ensuring there was proper exit for those who have to turn left, it was decided that all the left-turns including the one from Hazratganj to Narhi, from Cathedral to Shahnajaf, from Mayfair tri-section to Basant Cinema Road and Basant Cinema Road to MG Marg be widened.Confirming this, an LDA official said all the ramps being uprooted will be restored. Later talking to TOI, DIG Ashutosh Pandey said that ramps would be shifted to the original corridor since they have come up on the extended footpath. He said for the widening of the left turn it was necessary to dismantle these foothpaths in arch shape to give more space for left turn. According to LDA officials, the widening work is expected to be complete in a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824123", "title": "Shruti is addicted to sitcoms!", "text": "Guess who's livin' it up in the Maximum city right now? It's Kamal Haasan's daughter Shruti Haasan who is spending some quality time with friends in the Mumbai.The actor who has been sharing her itinery with fans on her blog at the end of Saturday, \"Such a fun Saturday\" after spent a day pampering herself over retail and food therapy. Shruti posted on her blog, \"Mall shopping and giant sized food binge on my day off with my darling @pujj\". Well, no wonder she's having such a great time because rarely do celebs get time to chillax thanks to their busy schedules. The actor, too, admitted having a great time on the microblogging site, as she wrote, \"Having such a wonderful time in Mumbai :) bestest ever thanks to @pujj\".And what's a Saturday night without catching up on your favourite sitcoms? Haasan junior confessed to being addicted to popular TV show, \"Game of Thrones\". The actor wrote online, \"I detest myself when I get obsessively addicted to a tv show I could hear the theme from game of thrones in my dream lol very bad sign\". Well, as long as you enjoy the sitcoms while they last, who's complaining?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12816833", "title": "Teachers asked to report child marriages", "text": "AJMER: The education department has instructed primary and middle class teachers working in rural regions to take note if any of the girls miss school for more than two days. The officials have asked them to visit houses of girls who remain absent for more than a day. And if they suspect child marriage then they must inform administrative officials and police of their area.The district administration is all set to stop child marriages on the eve of Akha Teej which falls on April 23 and instructed police and patwaris to remain vigilant in their areas. For the first time district magistrate Manu Rajpal has ordered a control room for 48 hours where information on child marriage could be given.Pitching in to administration's help, the education department also instructed its teachers to remain active. \"We have asked all our employees and teachers to remain vigilant as they remain in touch with girls in rural regions,\" said Mahaveer Singh Rathore, assistant project officer, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.He added that district education officer has released an order for all principals of government primary and middle schools to inform incidents of child marriage. \"Since they know where a girl lives in village and can find out why she was not attending school,\" added Rathore.These days schools are having yearly examinations but many students are not appearing as they know they can not be failed till class VIII, \"It is our social responsibility and we want the education department to not only stop child marriages but also counsel parents,\" said Ram Chandra Samant, district education officer. He further said the block education officers, too, have been asked to remain in touch with the school heads to see if they have any problems after giving information on child marriage.But teachers in remote regions are in a dilemma since it is difficult to take action in villages. \"We have to live in the village and if they come to know that we have leaked the information then certainly we are in trouble,\" said a teacher of Pisanghan block. She last year when a teacher informed police about a child marriage, she was forced to leave the school. So the department asked teachers to counsel parents about early marriages and make them understand the consequences.Meanwhile, different communities have started mass marriages on Akha Teej. Villagers are visiting Ajmer to purchase clothing, utensils and ornaments for brides. \"Looking to the pressure of police and administration, villagers fix marriages of minor girls along with adult girls and perform the child marriage in a clandestine manner,\" said a member of Rawat community of Kanpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12818501", "title": "Pipili rape case: Probe panel seeks name of doctors", "text": "CUTTACK: The Justice P K Mohanty commission, which is probing into the alleged Pipili rape case, on Saturday directed the state government to submit the names of the doctors who had allegedly neglected the initial treatment of the victim at Pipili, at Capital Hospital in Bhubaneswar and at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack.The commission has also directed the state government to submit the medical records of the victim and other related documents before May 1. \"Several affidavits have been filed with the commission, demanding action against the doctors for negligence in treating the victim. Taking note of the allegations, the commission has directed the state government to submit the names of the doctors and documents related to the treatment of the victim,\" said secretary of the judicial commission.So far, the commission has received 22 affidavits in the matter. Among others, relatives of the victim, villagers of Pipili, former MLA of Pipili Yudhisthir Samantray and some lawyers have filed affidavits. The father and the uncle of the victim in their affidavits have alleged that the doctors and local police officers had grossly neglected the victim. The next hearing of the commission will be held on May 1.Notably, the 19-year-old girl was allegedly raped in November 2011 for being a court witness in a molestation case and the rapists had also tried to kill her by strangulation. Since then, the victim is in a semi-coma state and is at present undergoing treatment at the ICU of SCB Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816733", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to rehabilitate vendors in hawker zones", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to rehabilitate roadside vendors who are being removed from public places by notifying hawker zones. Also, the registration of hawkers will be starting again soon.Sources told TOI, the officials of all 10 zones have been directed to submit a list of open spaces to be notified as hawker zones. \"NMC is removing the encroachments and also vendors from roadsides and public places. But the vendors are returning to the same place as it is a matter of their bread and butter. Besides, the ultimate motive of anti-encroachment drive too will not be achieved if the vendors keep coming back. Therefore, the NMC has decided to notify hawker zones and permit the vendors to run their establishments which would solve all problems and make way for successful drive,\" said the sources.Confirming the development, a senior NMC official told TOI, few places have been already identified for hawker zones. \"Place on road from Sadar to Mangalwari Bazaar, near Gittikhadan police station, Mangalwari market, under Panchpaoli railway over bridge, near Jaripatka bus stop etc have been selected. The information from a few zones is awaited. After receiving the details, the process to notify hawker zones will be started. The registration of hawkers will be done and then they will be given place in the hawker zones. It would not only solve the problems of hawkers, but also prevent from traffic congestion on the roads and busy market areas,\" he said.NMC had come up with hawkers' policy in October 2009. A private agency - National Education - was roped in for the service. Around 8,500 hawkers were registered by collecting fees of Rs 1,000 per year. The then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta then notified 27 locations as no-hawking zones. But the remaining 8,000 hawkers denied to take registration bringing pressure from politicians and continued encroachments. The agency used to ensure no vendors in no-hawking zones. But the same could not continue due to lack of response from the remaining hawkers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818657", "title": "Engineers of Kingfisher Airlines stay off work, flights not affected", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 200 engineers of Kingfisher Airlines did not report to duty across the country on Saturday after the airline failed to pay them their salaries, despite reportedly assuring them to do so. This, however, did not impact flight operations.The engineers reportedly complained that the airline had not paid the salary despite assurances to the contrary.The airline, however, said most of the employees had been paid and a few, whose accounts were with a private bank, faced problems in receiving the money. \"There is a glitch in transferring salaries, either on the part of the airline or the bank,\" an airline official said.Following an agitation of its employees, Kingfisher on April 4 promised to clear all the pending dues. The first slot of salaries were disbursed on April 9, when most of the pilots and employees in other departments were reportedly paid. \"Even at that time, those having their accounts with the same private bank faced problems. The dues were later cleared,\" an official said. An airline spokesperson said the salary would be cleared by Monday as no transaction was possible over the weekend.Though a section of engineers was off duty, Kingfisher operated its flights on schedule. In Mumbai, no instance of passenger inconvenience was reported. A Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson said no flight was cancelled or delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818311", "title": "157 trees to be felled for Sector 17 project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the removal of around 60 green trees from the site of the overbridge project, the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has now prepared a list of 157 trees to be felled to construct an ambitious project - the multi-level parking in Sector 17.The authority plans to transplant around 50 to 60 small trees and the details regarding the trees will be sent to the advisor to the UT administrator for approval.According to information, when this particular site was planned for the project around two-three years ago there were around 80 to 100 trees, but employees of the taxi stand presently running their taxi business there have planted trees there, thereby increasing the numbers of trees at the site.MC chief engineer S S Bidda said \"Details regarding the trees have been compiled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12818041", "title": "Get ready to shell out more at petrol outlets", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of All India Petroleum Traders (FAIPT)'s move to withdraw their 'No purchase no sale agitation' call on April 23 and indefinite protest from April 30 will come at a cost for motorists in future.While initial good news is that motorists need not queue up before petrol retail outlets this and next Sunday, in the long run, they will have to shell out more for utilizing additional facilities at retail outlets.One among many recommendations contained in the Apoorva Chandra Committee formed by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas makes all free facilities at retail outlets such as air, toilet and filtered cold drinking water chargeable.\"This is not to make revenue, but to meet the cost of hiring manpower required to provide these facilities to motorists on a regular basis,\" says KV Shenoy, president of the Dakshina Kannada Udupi Petroleum Dealers Association.Opining that the meeting of FAIPT representatives convened by Union Minister Jaipal Reddy discussed various issues and demands concerning petrol pump dealers, Shenoy said, as per the communique received from FAIPT, the minister has promised to meet the demands.\"Charges for facilities provided at retail outlets are mentioned in the committee report and have been worked out rationally taking all aspects into consideration,\" he said.Dealers' commission may go upAccording to him, the other positive sign for dealers is if the ministry accepts the committee report, the dealers' commission per litre of petrol and diesel sold will go up to Rs 1.61 and Re 0.927 respectively against Rs 1.49 and Re 0.912 they are getting now. This rate was fixed when petrol was being sold at Rs 52 per litre and diesel at Rs 38. Oil companies will also have to follow guidelines, prescribed norm for setting up any new outlet, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817074", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji begins pruning tree cover", "text": "PANAJI: The Corporation of the City of Panaji's (CCP) drive to prune the tree cover within the corporation limits has been welcomed by citizens, but experts said the exercise should have been done a little earlier to allow the healing of wounds.Pruning of trees is not as simple as it appears and many aspects, including tree weight, aesthetics and healing period have to be considered, experts say.\"The exercise should have preferably been carried out in January as wounds would have a sufficient time to heal,\" a botanist said.Further, a fungicide is applied to the slashed branch, depending on its girth, to prevent any fungal infection. But Rozendo Mendonca, a horticulturist, said the damage may not be too much, but the shoots sprouting on the cut portions may be damaged by rain. \"The new shoots that develop during the rainy season may be affected by rain and wind,\" he said.CCP mayor Vaidehi Naik confirmed that trees are being trimmed before the monsoon season. \"We are doing it as they (top heavy trees) may pose danger to life and property, but we don't have enough manpower,\" she said.The pruning has to be done scientifically, ensuring that trimming of branches leaves the canopy equitably balanced. \"Uneven cutting of branches may tilt the balance in one direction and lead to imbalance and cause the toppling of the tree during the monsoon,\" a botanist said. The aesthetic view of the tree, through balanced pruning, should also be ensured.A member of the tree committee constituted during the tenure of former mayor Yatin Parekh said the panel has not been consulted for the pruning process. \"As the work is only partially done, may be the CCP will ensure work is done under supervision,\" the source stated.The CCP mayor agreed to look into the matter. \"We will surely consider it and take their help,\" she said.CCP is also pruning the trees to resolve complaints of tree branches obstructing electrical lines. \"We have taken the electricity department's permission to free the lines,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824226", "title": "Narrating the script to the Deols is a challenge", "text": "Before he made his first Bollywood film, Zor, it apparently took director Sangeeth Sivan 8 days to finish narrating the script to Sunny Deol .\"He wanted to listen to the script at his home, which is on a hill, in Kandala. But even there, everything happened in spurts. There was breakfast, then maybe a narration of a couple of scenes, then lunch and a nap followed by a trek and then maybe another scene or two. It took me a good eight days to finish narration and I had done everything from playing sport to mountain climbing in the process,\" says the director.Now that he is all set to direct not one but all three Deols in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2, Sangeeth says, \"My last outing with Sunny prepared me for the challenge. Though, to finalise on a story that was acceptable by all three was a huge task. Luckily, that was done within a month. I think that is good progress.\"The shoot for YMP2 will begin this August in London .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817921", "title": "ATM fraud: Man cheated of Rs 35,000", "text": "GURGAON: In a case of banking fraud, Rs 25,000 was fraudulently transferred and Rs 10,000 withdrawn from the account of a private firm employee to another account by two persons who tricked the former when he had gone to withdraw money at an ATM booth on Sohna Road,The incident was took place at the ATM booth of Punjab National Bank situated at Omex mall on Sohna road on Thursday. According to the %police, Ramashankar Diwedi, a native of Allahabad working with a private firm in Udyog Vihar had visited the ATM booth in Omex mall on %Thursday.However, there seemed to be glitches in the machine and it was not working properly. It was then that two persons, who had also come to the booth, offered to help him withdraw money. When the victim gave them his ATM card, they swiped it once but returned the card saying that the machine is not functioning and to try out in a different booth.But when Diwedi used his card in a second ATM booth, the machine rejected his pin code wherein he realized that his card has been swapped at the last booth. He rushed to the bank where he was informed that Rs 10,000 has been withdrawn from his account by his ATM card and another Rs 25, 000 was transferred to another account, via online banking. Diwedi blocked his card and lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station. \"We have lodged an FIR against one Ravindra and one other accused and are investigating the case. We will arrest the accused as soon as possible,\" said sub-inspector Ramphal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827307", "title": "Volunteers donate blood in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Blood donation is the best duty towards humanity, said principal, Motilal Nehru Medical College, Dr SP Singh while inaugurating a blood donation camp here on Sunday.Recalling the contribution of great Nirankari saint, Baba Hardev Singh, he said the followers should follow Baba's his footsteps. Dr Singh thanked the donors who turned up at the camp.In charge Allahabad unit of the Sant Nirankari Mandal, Ashok Kumar Sachdeva, said the matryrdom of Baba Gurbachan Singh who was shot dead by terrorists on April 24, 1980, is observed as 'Manav Ekta Diwas' by Nirankaris across the world.Since 1986, the Mandal has organised 2,300 blood donation camps and around 4,50,000 units of blood have been donated by volunteers. This time the Mandal has organised 70 blood donation camps across India out of which 10 have been organised in different cities of Uttar Pradesh.Another office bearer of Mandal, Rajeev Kharbanda said it is easy to find positive group blood donors but difficult to find donors from the negative blood groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817235", "title": "Airports Authority of India packs off city's oldest flying school from airport", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras Flying Club (MFC), one of the oldest in the country, is set to move out of the city. The 80-year-old institution, which took part in several wars before and after Independence, has been asked to vacate its office and aircraft hangar from the Anna International Airport, which itself emerged from the operations of the club.Recently, Airports Authority of India (AAI) chairman V P Agarwal said the decision to ask the club to vacate was because of the risks it posed at a busy airport. He said that they would consider giving it an alternative facility in some other location. The AAI's attempts to clip the club's wings actually started earlier. Last year, some AAI officials abused an MFC pilot trainee and refused to clear landing certificates of trainee pilots, asking the club to stop operations without any written orders.The MFC is one of the few places where one can get a commercial pilot licence for 17-18 lakh; most private institutes charge at least 30 lakh. A former MFC student, now with a leading airline, says the AAI move will help private aviation institutes mushroom in the state.Many say the club fulfilled the aspirations of scores of middle-class pilots. \"I would have never become a pilot but for the MFC,\" said a senior Air India pilot who completed his Commercial Pilot Licence course here in the late 1980s. MFC, which currently trains 80 pilots, provides a subsidized fee structure as the ministry of civil aviation charges only 10% of the commercial flying charge, or Rs 3.5 lakh annually.While AAI regional director D Devaraj says it is difficult to retain the club at a busy international airport like Chennai, aviation experts point out that this is a bid by air traffic controllers to avoid normal risks. \"Lots of international airports in the US, the UK and New Zealand accommodate flying clubs. Thiruvananthapuram international airport is an example here. The AAI didn't consider the MFC's contributions despite the state government's suggestion to retain the club here,\" said a senior pilot and trainee instructor.MFC secretary Captain K Sebastian Joseph said, \"We expect the state government to take steps to retain city's oldest flying school that facilitated opportunities to hundreds of pilots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12818307", "title": "Land acquisition for sewage plant begins", "text": "NASHIK: Complying with state orders, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has begun with the process of acquiring 3.97 hectares of land at Gangapur village for constructing the controversial sewage treatment plant (STP), which saw the exit of the previous municipal commissioner B D Sanap.In mid-December, this land came under the scanner with then municipal commissioner B D Sanap facing an inquiry for initiating the proess of transfer of development rights (TDR) for the 3.97 hectares of land. The principal secretary of the urban development department had directed the NMC in September 2011 to acquire the land for STP but overlooking directives, Sanap went ahead with the TDR process .At present the process for acquiring the land is being followed by the NMC. \"We are doing it under the urgency clause of Land Acquisition Act to get possession of the land quickly,\" said superintending engineer U B Pawar. The state had clearly mentioned that the 3.97 hectares of land at survey no 2 and 3 in Gangapur village be acquired for STP. The letter also said that there was no need to issue TDR because according to section 37 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act 1966, the plant could be built in a no-development zone.The issue came to the fore mid-December when the mantralaya issued an inquiry against Sanap. While Sanap still faces inquiry, the NMC has begun with the process of land acquisition .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12818340", "title": "Take waste management seriously, says State Human Rights Commission head", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Leaders of Lions Club International have the responsibility to create awareness among the public about the importance of waste disposal, said J B Koshy, chairman, Human Rights Commission , Kerala.He was delivering the keynote address at the eighth annual district convention of Lions Club International, Kottayam, at the Mammen Mappillai Hall on Saturday. It's time everyone took the issue of waste management seriously, he added. He also urged the club members to show greater concern for the environment, civic duties, culture, morality and discipline in public life.He lauded the club for undertaking humanitarian programmes like community marriages, and health care projects like medicard and eye screening camps for the poor. The club organized 60 weddings under the community marriage project.Koshy also presented the Lions Excellence award to Kochuouseph Chittilappilly, vice-chairman, V Guard Industries Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12818433", "title": "Unnithan case: CBI to probe role of two more senior cops", "text": "KOCHI: More of those in khaki are set to sweat in the coming days with the CBI deciding to probe the role of two senior police officials whose names were mentioned in DySP M Santhosh Nair's statement in connection with the attempted murder of Mathrubhumi reporter Unnithan.Top sources in the CBI have confirmed receiving permission to look into the role played by these two in manipulating the investigation.DySP Santhosh Nair, who was arrested by the crime branch earlier in the case, has, in his statement submitted before the CBI director, alleged that a section of senior crime branch officials had manipulated the case to suit their interests.The CBI which took over the probe from the state police had arrested another DySP, Abdul Rasheed, after conducting a probe based on Santhosh Nair's submissions.\"We have a detailed statement given by Santhosh Nair which points to the role of two senior police officials. We will definitely look into this and take necessary action,\" said top CBI sources.Santhosh Nair's statement has in fact stirred a hornets' nest as it throws light on the unholy nexus between senior police officials and goons as well as people having links with gold smuggling racket.Meanwhile, sources in the state police have said that there was a purported move by a few political leaders to put pressure on the CBI through the Central leadership to save police officials.However, CBI officials have denied this, and said they would go ahead with the probe as was required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817569", "title": "Old city traders irked by \u2018high-handedness\u2019 of police", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what may come as a relief to the traders in the Old City, the police are likely to lift the 9pm deadline for the traders shortly.Ever since the communal tension broke out in the Old City post Hanuman Jayanti, a 9 pm deadline was imposed on all the bazaars of the Old City. South Zone police said that they adopted a wait-and-watch policy for the time being. However, they would study the situation in the next two to three days and take a call. The newly-appointed DCP South Zone, Akun Sabharwal said that by taking such a measure, the police want to ensure that no such law and order issue recurs.Sabharwal further said that most likely, police would only revert to the 10pm deadline that was being enforced during the pre-curfew days.Meanwhile, the dejected traders who had to close business for nearly four days after the clashes recently gave a representation to the police commissioner. Mahfooz Ahmed, president, Old City Traders Association, said that besides the deadline, the high-handed behavior of the police is proving to be irksome the community.\"The police are using abusive language which is unwarranted and we cannot take that anymore,\" said Ahmed. In fact, few days ago, the traders at Chatta Bazaar gheroed a police van that had come to enforce the deadline, for using abusive language against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817107", "title": "Zoo may see another pair of leopard cats soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow zoo family might see new additions this year and a pair of leopard cats might be one of them. Authorities have written to Tripura zoo and Assam zoo seeking a pair. \"The two zoos have a good number of leopard cats,\" said Renu Singh, zoo director. Both, the Tripura and Assam zoo have more than 20 leopard cats each.The nine-year-old Bhairavi, along with her five-year-old partner, Bhaskar, who came to Lucknow zoo, last year, were a pair brought from Tripura zoo. \"We want to have more of them,\" said Singh. Bhairavi and Bhaskar were the first of the leopard cats to be added to Lucknow zoo.Leopard cat is a schedule (I) species. Leopard cats were brought to Lucknow zoo for breeding purpose, and Bhairavi and Bhaskar have already been described as 'prolific breeders' in their profile. The two were brought in exchange of hog deer, black buck and sambar.Leopard cats are about the size of a domestic cat, but more slender with longer legs and well-defined webs between the toes. They have two dark, prominent stripes on their head. \"We wish to have two females and a male together,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12818228", "title": "Congress must retaliate against NCP: Thakre", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming that the NCP has been the one not performing the coalition 'dharma' whenever it got the opportunity, the president of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC), Manikrao Thakre said, \"It is the need of the hour to retaliate to the NCP's move.\" Thakre said this would show that the Congress could not be taken for granted by the NCP at will.\"The statistics of the representatives elected to the local self-governing bodies speak for themselves as to the strength of the Congress party (vis-a-vis the NCP). The same statistics also show how the NCP has betrayed the Congress,\" Thakre said in Nashik on Saturday. He said that while the Congress supported the NCP in all nine zilla parishads (ZPs) where it was strong, the NCP favoured other parties in five ZPs where the Congress was strong.Thakre was speaking to mediapersons after he addressed a state-level convention organized by the scheduled caste cell of the Congress. He questioned NCP's attitude of taking the Congress for granted, and said, \"Every time it is the NCP that plays foul. But to cover up their acts, they attempt to draw the attention of the people towards what the Congress did.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818286", "title": "Scared of gastroenteritis, doctors get selective at PGI canteen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI doctors are relying on their medical knowledge while having food at their canteen. No they are not counting calories, but avoiding gravy and any uncooked food to keep gastroenteritis and other food-based diseases at bay. Almost 500 doctors in the PGI daily visit the canteen for meals and snacks. The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD) on Saturday protested against the unhygienic food being served in the doctors' canteen for the past few months.The canteen is allotted to a contractor only to serve doctors of the PGI. \"However, the contractor and his staff have been serving meals to outsiders too. We seldom get time to leave the hospital and have no choice but to eat food there. Preference is given to visitors, even though the canteen is meant only for doctors,\" said Dr Paramvir Mangat, member of the ARD.Aware about the ill-effects of unhygienic surroundings while cooking, the medicos order specific food only. \"To stay away from food-borne diseases, we do not order any gravy or uncooked food. That is why no one has caught any stomach infection till now,\" said a junior resident. There are 2,000 junior and senior residents in PGI and 500 have their meals in the doctors' canteen located at the Nehru hospital. This is the only eating facility open for 24 hours.Besides the unclean kitchen of the canteen, the rates displayed are double the amount which had been fixed. \"All of the items available are sold at double the cost agreed upon in the contract. For instance, a cup of tea which was to be sold at Rs 5 is being sold at Rs 10,\" rued Dr Ashutosh Sarwa, general secretary, ARD. Following the protest by the medicos, the canteen has been locked. \"We'll look into the complaint,\" said Manju Wadwalkwar, official spokesperson of PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827675", "title": "Thaman on a world tour", "text": "Music director Thaman is living it up on his world tour. The composer is on a break from his hectic schedule and is making sure he has a good time of it. \"The last year or so has been fantastic. From Mirapakayi to Businessman I had nine years and many of them went on to be super hits. I am taking a much needed break now exploring myself and meeting many fantastic musicians from around the world. Yes I will be coming back with a lot of gadgets to boot,\" says Thaman. The music director will be away from Tollywood for a good three to four months at least. \"My next audio release in Telugu will be Ram Charan's untitled flick directed by VV Vinayak. The audio will release in September,\" he added. For now though he's going to be globe trotting for a bit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817780", "title": "Casino busted in videogame parlour", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Are you an ardent fan and addict of gambling, but tired of traditional card games? Here are the options for you: You can try your luck at slot machine or can get a shot at the roulette wheel. You can also play virtual strip poker and other card games. These are different types of gambling on the screen of traditional arcade games console.The gambling in the garb of videogame parlour was busted in Odhav on Saturday when the city crime branch arrested a person for running a gambling racket operated on videogames and detained 14 people for gambling.The team of crime branch officials led by inspector D D Damor conducted the raid, following a tip-off about a gambling den in Soni ni Chali. \"What raised our suspicion was the fact that instead of children, adult in the age group of 25 to 35 were thronging the video game parlour. There were people placing bets ranging from Rs 700 to Rs 2,000. And the most convenient thing in this parlour is that it doesn't need actual slot machines or roulette wheel to derive the thrill. Everything runs on virtual money,\" said a crime branch official. There were a total of 25 gaming consoles seized from the spot.The cops arrested parlour owner Ashwin Gohil from the spot along with the staff members. Gohil was earlier apprehended by city police in 2005 for the same offence. However, he had managed to get a stay on police action from the court. \"The most difficult thing for us was to prove that the games were in fact tools for gambling. In traditional set-up, presence of plastic tokens or any type of coupons can qualify for gambling, but here we got to know that the players had to deposit money with the cash counter after which the operator used to credit the amount directly on the console. We seized Rs 1.5 lakh from the spot,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822185", "title": "With Poonam Pandey and Sunny Leone, December's hot this year!", "text": "Even though the Bhatt camp is going all overboard with porn star Sunny Leone in 'Jism 2', the director of the first 'Jism' - Amit Saxena - has roped in sexy siren Poonam Pandey for what appears as a brutal competition as far as skin show is concerned!Sunny Leone might be good at her job, but Poonam believes herself to be excellent. And given the fact that her maiden venture in Bollywood is to happen right during the time when Leone's is slated for, this strip queen is not even a teeny-weeny bit unsettled or nervous. Poonam was also heard saying that she is \"neither competing with her (Leone) nor sharing my audience.\"Pandey, who shot to fame with her numerous quasi-cloth-shedding endeavours post India's World Cup win last year, is now all set for her debut in the Hindi Film Industry. And her hard work doesn't come easily - it has a hefty sum of Rs. 1 crore attached to it! Yes , you read that right. The leggy Pandey is burning the pockets of Eagle Home Entertainment by a crore for her first film. And the producers are only too happy to oblige.According to Poonam, her first film in Bollywood is one that has come after a long time - 30-odd-rejected-films-later. And with Amit Saxena (of 'Jism' fame) donning the director's hat, there's hardly any speculation as to what the sensuality quotient of the film would be.Seems like December is where all eyes are staring at. Poonam or Sunny - who would rule the box office - is yet to be seen. But in the words of Poonam Pandey , they are good at their respective fields! We wish both of them a happy entry into Bollywood!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817813", "title": "Nature yields ground to city in Rajokri", "text": "NEW DELHI: It used to be a wildlife habitat and the city's heat sink, but Rajokri forest now seems like a casualty of urbanization. Vasant Kunj residents recall sighting nilgai, deer, and wild hare with ease in the 600-acre kikar forest only a few years ago. In their place, now one finds traffic, mounds of construction rubble and garbage.Even the houses along Church Road seem closer to nature than the barren sprawl the road terminates in. Where the houses have beautifully varied gardens, the forest itself resembles an abandoned quarry. Ashwani Khurana, president of the Church Road Resident Welfare Association, says he has seen the forest dwindle over 15 years. While the overall area has not changed, the woods have thinned from within. \"At first, there was a lot of greenery. Now the number of trees has reduced. There used to be small ponds and lakes; these too have shrunk in size.\"Khurana points out that what was once a dirt track through the forest is now an 8-foot short cut for vehicles between Delhi and Gurgaon. \"The few animals still there stand at immense risk of being run over, and trucks keep coming and dumping rubble and garbage into the forest.\"More than the piles of garbage what residents worry about is the illegal construction. \"The slums bordering the forest have spilled into it. Small temples have been built with bigger complexes inside the forest itself,\" says Neera Devi, a slum dweller.Demanding restoration of the forest, the residents and the Earth Saviours Foundation launched a campaign on Earth Day. As part of the campaign they plan to prepare a report and submit it to lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna and chief minister Sheila Dikshit . \"One of the key demands is to build a fence around the forest and stop the trespassing. We also want the government to maintain the forest and plant more trees to restore it,\" said president of the foundation, Ravi Kalra. Residents say that 4-5 lakh trees can be planted to restore the forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816954", "title": "Tuition teacher steals from students' home", "text": "BANGALORE: Sanjaynagar police arrested MD Devikumari and her husband Sukant Nayak on theft charges. Devikumari, who has a Master's degree in commerce, chose high school children from wealthy families for home tuition. Later, she stole valuables, cash and jewels from their homes and fled.Following a complaint, police arrested the con couple from a rented house in Ooty recently. Police recovered valuables worth around Rs 30 lakh, including a Tata Safari , three cellphones and two laptops from them. Police are checking whether Devikumari actually has Master's degree and if she has committed a similar offence earlier. Devikumari is a resident of Manjunathnagar and Sukant is from Hyderabad.Devikumari would befriend school kids and parents and claim she's a famous tuition teacher. \"She'd teach Maths, Science and Biology. But many parents asked her not to come as she didn't know anything,\" police said.Deputy commissioner of police- north division HS Revanna told STOI Agarwal, a businessman, filed a complaint in December, 2011 accusing Devikumari of stealing cash and gold worth over Rs 60 lakh from his house during a visit to teach his son.\"We traced her to Hyderabad but by the time our team reached there, Devikumari and Sukant Nayak had fled to South Africa ,\" Revanna said. He said alert had been issued at airports. \"From there, she came back to Hyderabad where she met Nayak and they reportedly got married. We're checking their passports and other travel documents,\" he added.\"We received a tip-off in January but the couple again gave us the slip. But we traced them to Ooty. A special team was dispatched there and they were arrested,\" he said.A police officer suspected Nayak may not be her husband. \"They have no documents, certificate or photos as proof of the marriage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816829", "title": "Another letter sent to curb child marriages", "text": "JAIPUR: After a letter was sent to the Bharatpur district collectors making it mandatory to mention the date of birth on the wedding invitations in order to curb child marriages, another letter followed close on its heels.The letter from G S Sandhu, principal secretary, home affairs, at the behest of Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority (RSLSA), giving detailed instructions to prevent child marriages has been sent to all the districts besides principal secretaries of various departments.The letter dated March 22, 2012, to principal secretaries of departments such as women &amp; child development, social justice and empowerment, medical and health, education, law and justice, home, local bodies, rural development and panchayati raj, clearly enumerates every detailed step to prevent child marriages.\"People and communities who facilitate marriages like the pandit, wedding orchestras and bands, 'halwais', tent houses, transporters should assure that they would not participate in any child marriage ceremony. A copy of the wedding invitation card should also remain with the printing press,\" reads the letter.Besides, message boxes for any information on a child marriage should be kept at public places. In case of any information on a possible child marriage, the family would be informed of its ill-effects and, if necessary, legal help should be sought to stop the wedding. Additionally, a 24 hrs control room should be set up during the Akshya Tritya. All schools should be instructed to hold awareness camps about the mal-practice and legal prohibition pertaining to the practice , reads the three-page letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12820882", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan for President", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan represents the aspirational individual that many should relate to in a changing IndiaI recently read that President Pratibha Patil's term is about to end. And many names are being suggested to replace Patil - her rather lackluster, uninspiring tenure marked only by criticism related to her frequent official trips to foreign countries.Among the list of politicians of all shades is the name of Sam Pitroda. That is an impressive name for his role in guiding India through the telecommunication revolution. But over the years the former NRI, now an advisor to the prime minister, has become a part of the inner political circle in Delhi. There is nothing wrong with that, but how many Indians know the name of Pitroda. In fact, I wonder how many Indians know that Patil is the country's current head of the state.I am thinking about a radical idea, that perhaps India needs a president whose name and work is familiar to practically every Indian, even those in Diaspora. Someone who has made a major contribution to the well being of the nation - having entertained generations since the late 1960s in many popular films. How about Amitabh Bachchan for the president of India? This October Bachchan will turn 70. He started his career 43 years ago - first as a voiceover artist in Bhuvan Shome and soon after in the role of an anti-Portuguese freedom fighter in Goa in K.A, Abbas's Saat Hindustani. He has been acting since then, reaching the peak of his career and then at times of set backs, reinventing himself - more than once. One list on the Internet says that Bachchan has acted nearly 190 films.Bachchan to me represents the kind of aspirational individual that many should relate to in the changing India. Although he came from an educated, established and a well recognised family his early years in the Hindi film industry were marked with struggle. But persistence coupled with his natural talent, and a few angels in the form of filmmakers and scriptwriters helped him overcome his dark days.Not many actors or other film personalities can have a decade defined by their work. There were a lot of different forms of Hindi cinema in the 1970s, but that decade along with at least a part of the 1980s is first and foremost remembered as the time of the angry young man. And Bachchan defined that era, using his voice, eyes, physical presence and speaking words written by a few gifted writers, to define the character There is no doubt that Bachchan is one of the most recognised names in India - still immensely popular and appealing to different generations. There is even a temple dedicated to him in Kolkata. I suppose something will have to be done about that if he does become the president.And something will also have to be done about the cold war that exists (or at least used to exist) between him and the Gandhi family. There have been controversies surrounding Bachchan, but that is a sign that he is a human being, at times flawed. These mistakes should only make him a better individual.Bachchan is articulate, bright, educated, all of the qualities that should be important for a person who heads the nation - even though the Indian president is more of a symbol. I can see him with foreign dignitaries, reviewing armed forces at airports abroad and during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi. It will be so much more impressive than watching yet another drab career politician pretending to speak on behalf of all Indians.In the lives of Indians, especially those who love Hindi language films, there are many images of Amitabh BachchanI will always remember the early Bachchan - the quiet, sensitive doctor in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Anand or the brooding, tragic loner in the same director's Mili.I also remember the cocky and angry Bachchan of Yash Chopra's Deewar, who is reduced to nothing, when he hears the classic dialogue - Mere Paas Maa Hai, spoken by the honest cop brother played by Shashi Kapoor .I would like to add to that the image of a president - a man who would do Indian proud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816949", "title": "Pamper your dogs with customized meals", "text": "BANGALORE: When the clock strikes 7 every morning, it's time for two-year-old Neo to slobber. The Golden Retriever waits religiously for the doorbell to ring there's a frenzied jumping, barking and tail-wagging until the food from Pets Dhaba that's just been delivered is served to Neo.Another Golden Retriever, one-year-old Elvis, wouln't eat his food perhaps because it didn't have enough flavour to meet his exacting his taste buds. A picky eater by birth, Elvis often refused to eat, making it difficult for his owner Joydip Ghosh. \"Elvis was finicky when it came to food. He refused to eat, no matter what was being served'' he said.This was until he discovered Pets Dhaba, probably the first of its kind in the city. It provides home-cooked food for dogs. The fresh meal is delivered at your doorstep every day and promises to be a healthy and nutritious treat.\"Neo enjoys his meals like never before. I have been buying meals for Neo for almost a year now from Pet Dhaba and he's not yet bored. The food is tasty and has variety as well,\" says Uma Vyas, Neo's owner.Being a vegetarian family, Uma would feel guilty when her pet went hungry. \"I always felt guilty about it. I tried serving premium dog food to Neo but he would sniff and walk away. My vet told me about this place,\" says Uma.The dhaba in ISRO Layout currently has around 65 customers and the number is going up every day. \"My dhaba is for those pet parents, who feel responsible for their pets. There are different meal plans which cater to the most fussy pets,\" says Shubha Menon, Pets Dhaba owner.Dog lover Shubha was an IT professional with a private firm. \"I own a Labrador (Princess), who is very choosy when it comes to food. In my quest to find a balanced diet for her, I did some research into canine food like vegetables, delicacies and salads that pet's relish and gain nutrition as well. Gradually, I began enjoying the idea of pampering pets by providing them the food they can gorge on and came up with the idea of Pets Dhaba,\" says Shubha.Customised mealsThe meals of Pets Dhaba are fortified as well. On the basis of feedback provided by parents and experts, each meal is customised and supplemented with calcium syrup for strong bones and extra sunflower oil or olive oil for healthy skin.\"The food is customised according to the owners' and dog's choice. The meal plan also depends on age, sex, weight, breed and health of your pet. We give an option of a 'trial menu' and only after using it once, parents say yes to us,\" says Shubha.Types of meals: The dhaba has three kinds of plans for your fur ball - economy meal, regular meal and premium meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12818070", "title": "1 killed in hit and run on e-way", "text": "NOIDA: A day after a speeding Alto travelling from Pari Chowk towards Noida hit the divider and overturned several times, two more accidents took place on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. While one person was seriously injured in the first accident, the second accident-a hit and run-claimed a life.Police said a Maruti 800 was going towards Greater Noida around 2pm on Saturday when the driver lost control and tore through the crash barrier along the e-way near Sector 105. The car fell almost 20 feet down. The 50-year-old driver was taken to Prayag Hospital. Cops said he was critical.In another accident, a person crossing the e-way near Surajpur was hit by a Bolero car and died on the spot. On Friday, an Alto coming from Pari Chowk hit the central verge before somersaulting several times and screeching to a halt on the other carriageway, where it hit a tree, police said. They added that the car occupants had fled.The 23.5km-long expressway has earned the tag of \"killer expressway\". According to data provided by cops, almost two lives are lost every month on the e-way in addition to a dozen injuries due to accidents.Though the authorities maintain that various safety measures are in place, the accident graph belies their claims. Commuters allege that at present there is no one to enforce traffic rules on the expressway. \"Speed monitors should be installed on the expressway. And what happened to the CCTVs that were to be installed?\" said Prashant Srivastava, a daily commuter.\"We conduct drives from time to time, but due to less vehicular volume, e-way users tend to speed,\" said a traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817160", "title": "Iqbal's Bhopal connect in a state of neglect", "text": "BHOPAL: The sub-continent on Saturday observed the 74th death anniversary of Allama Mohammed Iqbal, best known for Sare jahan se achchaa Hinduustan hamaraa. The famous Urdu poet visited the city at least on four occasions and stayed in three different in buildings. He had penned some 14 Nazms (poems) during his stay here--between 1934 to 1938. Sadly, the buildings, where he had spent four months, remain in a state of neglect.Most of Iqbal's poems in Zarb-i-Kalim were composed at the Riyaz Manzil (at Khanugaon) and the Sheesh Mahal (adjacent to Iqbal Maidan). The third was Rahat Manzil which was destroyed in a fire. This was once part of the Ahmadabad palace complex.Iqbal first came to Bhopal after his vocal organs were affected in 1934. Some physicians there were in favour of 'burqui-sho-ayeen' or electric treatment and Bhopal's Unani hospital was considered one of the best places in the country for the treatment.\"Though Iqbal wrote thousands of poems, the unique feature of his poetry on the city is the name of the place where it was penned finds mention with date. It is something not found in any other work of Iqbal. The poems written in Bhopal are recorded in his collection Zarb-i-Kalim,\" said Urdu poet Manzar Bhopali.Iqbal was a strong proponent of the political and spiritual revival of Islamic civilization across the world, but specifically in India. Much before he wrote 'Sare Jahan Se Achha' in 1904, the poet regarded Gayatri Mantra as a prayer in his poem Aaftaab in 1902. The hymn did not end there. Allama Iqbal's poem on Ram where he says: 'Hai Ram Ke Wajood Pe Hindustan Ko Naaz, Ahl-e-Nazar Samajhte Hain Unko Imam-e-Hind' (India is proud that Rama existed, thinkers and philosophers consider Rama the religious leader of entire India)Iqbal was supported by last ruler of Bhopal, Nawab Hamidullah Khan, who had bestowed a life pension of Rs 500 per month on him in recognition of his contribution to Persian and Urdu literature. Few would know that the great poet had stayed with Sir Syed Ahmed Khan's grandson Sir Ross Masood at Riyaz Manzil during one of his city sojourns.He wrote the famous lines of 'Momin' at the Sheesh Mahal:Ye Sehar Jo Kabhi Farda Hai Kabhi Hai AmrozNahin Maloom Ke Hoti Hai Kahan Se PaidaWoh Sehar Jis Se Larazta Hai Shabistan-e-WujoodHoti Hai Banda-e-Momin Ki Azan Se Paida(The morn (morning) that shifts so soon tomorrow new, Whence it comes is only known to few: The dark abode of being is shook by morn, Which by worshipers call to prayer is born.)Years later, the state government later renamed the Khirniwala Maidan as Iqbal Maidan, -- across the street from the Sheesh Mahal where Iqbal stayed twice during his visits to the city. Bhopal today boasts of an Iqbal Maidan. Here stands the 'Shaheen' (Eagle) monument by artists J Swaminatahan and Robin David.Incidentally, a large portion of the Sheesh Mahal was brought down during the road expansion in the 1970s and the remaining portion is an office of a co-operative bank. While Iqbal library has to rely on Rs 50 per month from its 350 members, after the Urdu academy stopped its funding some years ago.\"The poet loved the bird for its courage, great strength, self-reliance, exceptional aerial skills and singularity. We could use the same to preserve the places which he loved,\" said Fazal Bilgrami, member of the Iqbal library co-operative society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817924", "title": "Heritage Square development to begin by May", "text": "SURAT: Heritage preservation work in Surat city will begin with the redevelopment of Chowk Bazar Junction and Fort. The proposal to convert Chowk Bazaar, which has the highest traffic density in the city, into a Heritage Square at a cost of Rs 10 crore was approved by the standing committee on Saturday.Standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel told TOI, \"This is one of the top 10 dream projects of ruling BJP.\"The work is expected to start in the first week of May and will be completed within a year. Together, Rs 17.13 crore will be spent in the first and second phase of the project, which envisions redevelopment of as much as 11.5 hectares of land and heritage structures like Ghanta Ovara, Kasturba Garden, Raja Ovara, Andrews Library, JJ Training College, Old Museum Building, Fort , Anglican Church , Gandhi Baug etc.\"The main objective of the redevelopment proposal is to preserve the rich cultural heritage of Surat. People would be made aware about the city's heritage through laser shows, light and sound shows, exhibitions, etc.,\" said SCET principal Percy Engineer, under whose leadership this concept has been evolved.He said, \"We have conceptualized the redevelopment plan in a such a way that it will provide ample space for parking for types of vehicles and will also have huge space for pedestrians.\"The redevelopment plan aims to improve services and infrastructure, resolve traffic issues and provide ample amount of space for parking for visitors, enhance open spaces including parks and ovaras for public to enjoy recreational activities.However, activities in areas like Tibetan woollen market, Shaniwari bazaar will be allowed to continue, but in a different style.Heritage monuments which are part of Chowk Bazaar Circle1 Andrews Library: Was opened on July 1, 1850 by British. The building still exists, but there is no library now. It needs proper maintenance.2 J J Training College: Is located in front of castle. It was formerly an English School established in 1827 AD from donation by Seth Sorabji Jamshedji Jijibhai. This school was known as \"Sorabji Jamshedji Jijibhai High School.\" The high school was closed in 1939 by government to start a college for training primary school teachers.3 Fort: Is one of the ancient monuments of 16th century. It was built to provide protection to the people of Surat against the attacks of invaders. Ahmedabad king Sultan Mahmood-III (1538-1554), who was very annoyed by frequent acts of destruction in Surat, ordered building of a very strong castle. The work was entrusted to a Turkish soldier Safi Agha. The work to build the castle was completed in 1546. After the capture of Surat by emperor Akbar (1573), the fortress remained in the charge of commandants appointed from Delhi till it was seized by Siddhi admiral of Mughal fleet in 1751. However, Siddhis could not hold the castle for long as it was captured by the English in 1759 with rest of the city. Two flags waved from the castle walls, the English ensign on the south-west and the Moorish standard on the south-east bastion. This practice continued till 1842. On the death of the last nawab of Surat, the English fleet was removed from Tapi and the Moorish standard brought down from the castle walls. The castle buildings were under repair as until the year 1862 they were garrisoned by a small body of European and native troops. In that year, the force was withdrawn4 Anglican Church: Was set up in 1824. Even today people make it a point to pray there.5 Rani Baug (presently Gandhi Baug): Was inaugurated by the municipality in 1870. The place is still open for recreation.6 Shaniwari Bazaar: Commenced at Killa Maidan in 1883-84. Election was held for first time in the municipality and 12 members from 12 wards were elected.7 Winchester Museum was opened on February 1,1890 for general public. However, after Science Centre was set up in 2009-10, all preserved items were shifted from this museum to a new place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818138", "title": "Must take social media in our stride: Khurshid", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the CID has written to Facebook asking it to delete morphed images of Mamata Banerjee , the Centre has a piece of advice for the chief minister and her government on how to tackle the social media.Law minister Salman Khurshid told the state government on Saturday to take the social media in its stride and react keeping in mind the fact that social networking is now a part of life. \"The issue is not of embarrassment but the fact that social media has become a reality and there is very restricted opportunity to impose constraints on it,\" the minister said when his attention was drawn to the recent cartoon controversy that led to the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra.\"There is no conflict between us and the social media. I think the social media -which gives the opportunity to voice one's opinion to a larger audience - is doing good stuff as well. Many may agree with the content and many dren and vulnerable sections of the society. These can have implications which are far-reaching. But, as I said, we have to take it in our stride and evolve our reactions to it keeping in mind that social media is a reality and a part of life,\" Khurshid added while speaking at an interactive session organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce.Ever since the arrest of Mahapatra for forwarding a chain mail spoof on Mamata Banerjee, Mukul Roy and Dinesh Trivedi , the state government has been battling a public relations disaster with more cartoons taking a dig at the chief minister popping up on social networking sites everyday.While the chief minister has asked the Centre to deal firmly against cyber crimes, the Union law minister pointed out that laws were already in place which can be used in public interest.I don't think we should start thinking we are in a vulnerable or helpless situation. there is a law of the land, we have in the past come up with matters that we had to address. sometimes we met with success and sometimes we did not,\" the minister said.Insisting that too much of a restriction on social sites won't yield results, khurshid pointed out that even the \"americans couldn't impose restrictions on wikileaks\".when asked if the centre had plans to introduce stricter cyber laws, the minister said, \"cyber law comes under the hrd ministry. and they have certainly not asked us to do something more in this regard. there is already very effective legislation in place which gives us ample power to restrict social media where it violates the law of the land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816956", "title": "New-look train to Delhi rolls out", "text": "BANGALORE: The new-look Hazrat Nizamuddin Express left from Bangalore City station at 8am Friday. The train sported new coaches designed by the German company Linke Holfmann Bush (LHB).The coaches are painted red and and distinctive panoramic style windows.The 16-coach train includes two power cars which generate electricity. The first-class AC coach has 24 seats and five 2-tier AC coaches with 52 seats and seven 3-tier AC coaches with 72 berths.\"The pantry car is of superior quality and serve hot and fresh food,\" said S Mani, divisional railway manager, Bangalore division, South Western Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817717", "title": "Doctors call off strike after cops mediate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of six doctors was assaulted when they tried to save a teenager by providing her CPCR, which involves pressing down hard and rapidly on the chest and blowing air into the patient's mouth, police said.According to a source in LNJP Hospital,the doctors also removed the girl's clothes to administer an injection, but were unable to save the girl. At this, some of the people accompanying her began shouting that the doctors had misbehaved with the girl and killed her.\"The attendants - who were around 25 - attacked the resident doctors on duty and began to assault them. The group began to throw away medicines, broke trolleys, monitors and the telephone and vandalized the entire ward. The guards were not able to protect us. A decision to evacuate the emergency was taken as the accused had threatened to come back again in more numbers with firearms,\" the complainants said in the FIR. The doctors suffered minor injuries. They called for a strike on Saturday, but it was called off after police mediated between both sides.The police said they were informed through a PCR call and the CMO was subsequently informed too. A written complaint by the doctors was forwarded to the CMO who approached the cops. \"A case under Section 353 and 186 of IPC has been registered,\" said Devesh Chandra Srivastava, DCP, central district.\"The accused party was accompanied by the police and brought to us. We had a talk wherein they apologized for their misbehavior following which the doctors decided to call of the strike,\" said a senior administrative officer at LNJP Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819309", "title": "The eco extremist cometh", "text": "Amidst the rough and tumble of city life, a new religion is gradually taking shape across India's concrete jungles. For a growing tribe of urban dwellers, nature is the god they worship; a god at whose altar they're willing to sacrifice the perks and pleasures of a metropolitan lifestyle.Like Mumbai boy Chintan Siriya and his wife Monika, who will go thirsty all day but won't drink water packaged in plastic bottles. Conscious about not generating plastic waste, they even carry their own vessels to the kirana store while buying grain so that the shopkeeper does not have to use plastic packets. \"While this amuses shopkeepers, they are also grateful to us as they spend Rs 2,000 a month on plastic bags,\" says Chintan (27). And every time he sees people littering in local trains, he gently holds their hand, takes the litter from them and places it in his own bag. This usually elicits a profuse apology.Back home, the couple line their dustbins with brown paper bags, but plan to switch to washable 'umbrella-cloth' bags. Much of Chintan's dramatic lifestyle - from turning vegan overnight to refraining from using the geyser while bathing - was part of a birthday resolution in September 2010. Not only does he bathe in cold water all year round, the couple also makes it a point to skip their daily shower in a bid to conserve water. \"Neither wild animals nor pets need a bath every day,\" Monika explains . \"It's an unnecessary social ritual.\" When they do bathe, the couple does not use soap, opting instead for soap-nut (ritha).They're not the only ones to shun synthetic soap. Chennai couple Preethi Sukumaran and Srinivas Krishnaswamy makes their own organic soap, shampoo, detergent, floor-cleaner and dish-washing fluid. Both IIM graduates, they were pursuing successful careers in the FMCG sector when they realised that their jobs promoting consumer goods were not in sync with their personal beliefs about conserving the environment. \"In 2009, we quit our jobs and began working towards creating organic detergent ,\" says Srinivas. The couple spent a year studying the science behind using ritha as detergent . They zeroed in on an organic farm in Andhra Pradesh that grew ritha and worked hard to create the detergent powder.And, yes , Preethi and Srinivas only consume organic products, including fruits, vegetables, sugar and spices, all of which they buy from a cooperative store in Chennai. \"Each week, we take a train to the store, 8km from home, to shop for our supplies,\" Srinivas says. Like most ecoenthusiasts , they do not own a car and travel by public transport. The only other transport they use is a pair of bicycles.Sleepy Chennai isn't the only city where people are turning cyclists.Twenty-five years ago, environmentalist Girish Raut sold his father's car, much to the chagrin of his folks, and bought a bicycle, one he still uses to travel around Mumbai. And in Delhi, Amitabh Pande, a 53-year-old scientist with the government of India, cycles to work each day. Some, like environmentalist Bharat Mansata, who spends his time shuttling between Kolkata and his organic farm on the Pune-Mumbai route, avoid air travel within the country, opting for the more eco-friendly train.If there's one trend that seems to be catching on as fast as the use of public transport, it's turning vegan, a practice that's a step ahead of vegetarianism and excludes milk, dairy products and animal products such as honey from one's diet. Hyderabad couple Sejal and Pulkit Parikh turned vegan when they realised the cruelty inflicted on cows during the production of milk. India's diehard ecologists are equally conscious about how their food is packaged.While Preethi and Srinivas carry their own dabbas to eateries and takeaways - to avoid disposable boxes - Sejal and Pulkit refuse to buy anything in aluminium foil, including chewing gum, chips and biscuits. This couple is also extremely conscious of water conservation, reusing water used to wash clothes and floors to flush toilets. Not only do they turn off every leaky tap they see on the road and at railway stations, they ensure that the stationmasters fix the problem. Raut, too, extends his environmental activism to his neighbourhood.In addition to planting over 100 trees, he collects flowers offered at a nearby temple every day that he ploughs back into the soil to create compost. Environmental extremism? Not really, says Bittu Sahgal, editor of Sanctuary Magazine , calling these acts wonderful personal initiatives. \"Every one of us follows our own path, and we all have diverse passions. For one, it might be saving tigers, for someone else life might be a battle against plastic,\" says Sahgal, who believes in celebrating those who have made it their mission to save the environment as best they can.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12821534", "title": "Green tea with Gul", "text": "Actress Gul Panag will throw open the doors of her eco weekend home, one of the first two in India to await a TERI GRIHA certification, to anyone keen on building one of their own.Actress Gul Panag and pilot husband Rishi Attari have turned teachers, and they prefer tutoring by example; sometimes taking the help of 3D animation. The couple has built a weekend home in Mulshi, three and a half hours away from Mumbai. It's one of the first of two independent green homes in India to register with GRIHA, a scheme launched in collaboration with the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy under New Delhi-based TERI (The Energy and Resources Institute), to encourage, facilitate and evaluate the construction of ecofriendly homes across the country.By June, Panag plans to host guests virtually at her Green Home, through her website. \"Our home will be open to anyone curious to figure how a certified green home is designed, and what makes it environmentally conscious. If the virtual 3-D tour of our nest stokes your appetite to check out the real one, drive down for a cup of tea, and I'll be happy to offer you a guided tour,\" says Panag.Experts say it's a leg up for the green home movement that the efforts are gradually weaning away from the symbolic rain-water-harvesting-and-solar- panelinstallation design to a professionally laid out vision, capped by a system of evaluation, rating and certification. Panag's home is awaiting a rating from GRIHA. The first green home to register with GRIHA is New Delhi-based media professional Prasanto Roy's. The champa tree that stood outside his family home in CR Park had held special memories; his sister was named after it. When the sprawling mansion was being torn down last year to make way for the new building, Roy's Green One project ensured that not just the beloved champa, but every tree on the premises was saved, or professionally transplanted; a key pre-requisite of the TERI GRIHA programme.Another tenet is the use of material from the old construction. \"Since ours was an old house, all possible material had to be re-used and documented. Every single brick has been reclaimed, sorted and stacked for re-use, and is being used for non-critical, non-load bearing construction. Same for steel bars,\" says Roy. Mallika Desai Thakker, the LEED-certified architect of Panag's home, says the house will be off the grid, not dependent on sarkari energy, and will generate its own power through solar panels. Double glazed windows, and an allround ventilation mechanism will eliminate the need for airconditioners. Rainwater harvesting will provide it a supply of close to 1 lakh litres of water a year.Some benefits of going green are reduced energy consumption, better light and indoor air quality. Roy says, \"Construction costs are typically 5 to10 per cent higher than for a regular building, but in the long run it's more economical. Builders need to play up the certification of green buildings like they would Italian marble or jacuzzis.\"3 Simple ways to go greenUse Autoclaved Aerated Concrete instead of bricks. Its improved thermal efficiency reduces heating and cooling load in homes. It's light, reduces cost and energy in transportation.Use double wall glass in windows so as to reduce direct heat gain and glare while maximising the sunlight entering your rooms.Paint your exteriors and room walls with ecofriendly non-toxic paints that don't use petrochemicals involved in the creation of traditional paints that can pollute the atmosphere through toxic fumes when discarded irresponsibly.Fast factsA green building is environmentally responsible and resourceefficient through its lifecycle: from design, construction, operation to maintenance, renovation, and demolition.You can bring in 'green elements' into any building design, but the formal term 'green building' is used typically for one that has been certified through a rating system such as LEED or GRIHA. Ratings are based on points on a 1-100 scale across major categories such as energy, water efficiency, materials.US-based LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) is the dominant global rating system, also popular in India. TERI's GRIHA is the Indian equivalent of LEED. It uses a star rating (five stars equivalent to LEED's platinum rating).Rating cost is typically 5-6 lakh, but TERI introduced the SVAGRIHA system (under GRIHA) that reduces cost to 1 lakh approx.Rating agenciesIndia Green Building Council offers Platinum, Gold, Silver and Certified rating. www.igbc.in GRIHA offers rating from 1 to 5, with five being the highest. www.grihaindia.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817700", "title": "Race to head top BMC post gathers steam", "text": "MUMBAI: With less than a week left for the retirement of municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, high-ranking babus are knocking on the doors of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar to secure the plum assignment.Subodh Kumar, an IAS officer of the 1977 batch, was to retire on January 31, however, the Centre granted him a three-month extension on Chavan's recommendation.While Chavan is expected to take a decision on Kumar's successor on April 29 or 30, more than half-a-dozen senior bureaucrats, including additional chief secretary (urban development) T C Benjamin, housing secretary Gautam Chaterjee, CM's principal secretary A K Jain and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana are in the zone of consideration. Benjamin, an IAS officer of the 1979 batch, has been in the state urban development department for over five years, while Jain (1982 batch) has worked as additional municipal commissioner before he was shifted to Mantralaya.Chaterjee, from the 1982 batch, was vice-president and managing director of the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada). Asthana, from the 1978 batch, is said to have changed the MMRDA's work culture after he took over its reins.Before taking a final decision on the key civic post Chavan plans to consult elected representatives from the city, said a senior Congress minister. \"We feel that the city should have a commissioner, who can transform it into a world-class metropolis,\" he said.Besides the appointment of the BMC chief, the state will witness major changes in the bureaucracy in view of the large number of vacancies. The chief executive officer's position in MIDC has been lying vacant for the last six months, while Cidco managing director's post is yet to be filled. \"We expect that Maharashtra will witness a major overhaul in the bureaucracy,\" a high-ranking official told TOI.\"Ever since Chavan took over, he was unable to shift bureaucrats. Now, changes are on the cards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12818404", "title": "Boy killed in accident", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A tipper lorry rammed an eight-year-old boy, killing him on the spot, at Manvettom near Kaduthuruthy on Saturday. The deceased was identified as Febin of Thekkethil House, Manvettom. The incident occurred around 2.45 pm on Kuruppunthara-Kallara Road.Agitated local residents refused to remove the body from the spot for more than two hours. The boy was crossing the road after getting down from a jeep when the speeding lorry hit him. Caught under the lorry, he was dragged for more than 300m. The lorry did not stop and fled the scene.Kaduthuruthy MLA Mons Joseph and RDO E M Jacob pacified the agitated locals who agreed to take the body from the spot only after the RDO assured them that tipper lorries would be banned on Kaduthuruthy-Kallara and Kuruppanthara-Kallara routes for the time being. The body was taken to Medical College Hospital, Kottayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817968", "title": "Udyog Vihar case with Haryana State Industrial &amp; Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited put off till May 9", "text": "GURGAON: The year-old legal scuffle between Udyog Vihar's industrialists and the development corporation, HSIIDC, will take some more time to be resolved, as the case been deferred by another month.On Wednesday, a Punjab and Haryana high court bench, presiding over the case, announced that the next date of hearing will be May 9.Industrialists have challenged several clauses of the HSIIDC's new estate management policy, announced in January.\"Many of these norms fly in the face of basic ownership rights. According to the agreement, we have full ownership of our property. And still we need to take the HSIIDC's permission, and pay them money, before leasing out our plots. This is absurd,\" said an industrial in Udyog Vihar IV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816828", "title": "Villagers attack police and other officials", "text": "JAIPUR: A group of about 1000 villagers attacked a team of police and district administration officers and then a police outpost when they were asked to stop child marriages taking place in a social wedding ceremony on Friday night. At least five people including government employees and police officers were injured in the attack. The team of officers and policemen posted at the outpost had to run away to save their lives. The police have still not arrested the 11 villagers.According to the police, the incident took place in Prithviraj Pura village on Friday night. \"We got a tip-off that about 10 minor couples from Lodha community were being married. A team of officers from district administration, women and child welfare department and police was rushed to the village,\" said Rambharosi Meena, in-charge of Ghantoli police station.He added that the villagers were told to furnish the birth certificates. \"As the children were minors, the villagers did not provide us the certificates. Instead, they suddenly attacked the team officers. Tehsildar Ramnarayan, women and child welfare department's assistant deputy director Iqram Khan, his driver and three other policemen sustained injuries. We had to retreat from there as villagers were in large numbers,\" said the officer.He added the villagers then marched to the Surilya police outpost situated nearby and attacked it. They damaged its door. The two constables ran away to save their lives.\"We have arrested 11 villagers and two FIRs against about 40 identified and hundreds of other unidentified villagers have been registered,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12816977", "title": "CM to launch Diabetes Society Goa today", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , along with health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, will launch the Diabetes Society Goa on Sunday at Azad Maidan, Panaji. Thereafter, there will be a 'Walk for diabetes\" from Azad Maidan to Miramar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12818090", "title": "Two arrested for Kalapatti robbery", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police on Saturday arrested two of the eight member-gang that allegedly robbed a farm house at Ellen Nagar near Kalapatti here on last Sunday. The arrested have been identified as M Vamadevan, 30, and G Kanthan alias Kandeepan, 27. They belong to Sri Lankan Tamil refugee camp at Bhavani Sagar near Sathyamangalam.Police said it was Vamadevan who masterminded the robbery. The remaining six members of the gang are also from the refugee camp. Efforts are on to nab others who are now absconding.The farm house belonged to P Somasundaram, 52 and his wife S Sarojini, 40. Vamadevan came in regular contact with Somasundaram after he was entrusted with the painting works at a new house the family was constructing. He came to know that Somasundaram withdrew Rs 1.50 lakh from bank and it was kept at home to meet expenses for the construction. Vamadevan hatched a conspiracy with his friends to rob the money.On April 15, the eight member-gang entered the farm house and robbed the couple of 11 sovereigns of gold jewelleries and Rs 1.50 lakh. The couple was robbed at knife point and after being tied up hands and legs with saris. The gang decamped with the stolen cash and gold in a car. Somasundaram had informed the police that Vamadevan had knowledge about the cash kept at the house.The police had formed three special teams to nab the culprits. However, the painter Vamadevan continued his work at Somasundaram's new house at Kalapatti. The special team picked up Vamadevan on Friday for inquiry and he confessed to the crime.\"Vamadevan and Kanthan hatched the conspiracy with six others. Our special teams are on a hunt to nab the remaining suspects,\" said R Gunasekaran, assistant commissioner of police, (in charge- Coimbatore east division)The police have seized Rs 10,000 from the accused and they have been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817026", "title": "Soon, a book on Akhilesh's life", "text": "LUCKNOW: After setting up a call centre to make return calls to people whose calls he could not answer, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has now decided to start a website through which he could directly interact with the people.Apart from this, a 200-page multi-language pocketbook on the new 38-year-old chief minister entitled 'Akhilesh Yadav - The Lord of New Hopes' will hit the stands soon.Akhilesh, in fact, has already has started once a week 'Janta Darshan' programme in which he meets people coming from across the state with their problem.The website is extension of Janta Darshan to reach out to people from various walks of life. People will be able to put their grievances on the website. Officers have been directed to attend the problems.The site will also have information related to various government welfare schemes for the people.\"The website www.akhileshyadav.com is under construction.Besides direct public interaction, the website will ensure transparency in functioning and the chief minister will get a regular direct feed back whether problems of the people are being addressed or not,\" said Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary, The call centre has been instructed to call back people who leave their phone numbers at the chief minister office or any of his ministries.The book on Akhilesh Yadav will be in 10 languages including Hindi, English, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Bengali, Malayalam, Marathi, Odiya and Gujarati. Published by a private publisher, according to party sources, the book has more than 10 chapters on topics related to Akhilesh's childhood, college days, political grooming, his personal life and how he planned the 2012 assembly election campaign, which saw his party winning with absolute majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12816442", "title": "Average BP falls across world, rises in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blood pressure might be dipping across the world but in India, it has risen.The World Health Organisation says the average BP went down by 2.7mm mercury among women globally, while increasing by 2.4mm mercury in India. In men, it decreased by 2.3 mm mercury globally in the past three decades but in India it went up by 2.2 mm. mercury.Nearly 139 million Indians were suffering from high blood pressure at the end of 2008 - 14% of the global burden of uncontrolled hypertension.Researchers attending the World Congress on Cardiology said on Saturday that a 25% increase in high BP screening in 19 developing countries including India would reduce the number of cardiovascular disease events and deaths that occur each year by up to 3%.The study by the Harvard School of Medicine found that screening an additional 25% of the population would lead to an increase of more than 10% in the rate of appropriate treatment of hypertension in high-risk individuals.High BP is the leading risk factor for cardiovascular disease mortality, causing more than 7 million deaths every year worldwide. The Harvard study presented at the World Congress of Cardiology in Dubai says around 900 million people in developing countries have high blood pressure but only one-third are aware of their disease. Moreover, only 100 million of these people receive treatment, while only 5% of the total are controlled.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of Escorts Heart Institute said \"over 50% people in India don't know they have high BP till incidentally found on a routine health check. The danger is that in many, it presents in the form of severe high pressure called hypertensive crisis which leads to temporary stroke, bleeding in eyes and heart failure. Those with high risk like family history of high BP and heart disease and smokers should get their BP checked at regular intervals.\"Dr Deepak Natarajan, head of interventional cardiology at Moolchand hospital told TOI, \"Very young people are now coming to us with a full blown heart attack. And one of the reasons for this is uncontrolled high blood pressure. Youngsters today have very poor lifestyle triggered by their extremely busy work schedules. India is seeing a massive increase in BP levels which is a huge contributor to stroke and heart attacks. Youngsters must spend at least 30 minutes exercising every day, consume a good amount of fruit and vegetables and reduce their body weight.\"\"Strategies to increase the screening for hypertension could lead to significant reductions in CVD deaths, at costs that are considered to be acceptable according to WHO recommendations,\" said Dr Thomas Gaziano, assistant professor, Harvard School of Medicine.Hypertension (high blood pressure) is one of the major preventable risk factors for premature death from CVD worldwide. High blood ressure contributes to around half of all CVD and the risk of developing CVD doubles for every 10-point increase in diastolic blood pressure.From 1980-2008, the number of Indians suffering from high BP rose by 87 million, while the percentage of population suffering from the ailment rose from 21% to 26%.Treating raised blood pressure has been associated with a 35-40% reduction in the risk of stroke and at least a 16% reduction in the risk of myocardial infarction.WHO says that though prevalence of uncontrolled hypertension dipped from 33% in 1980 to 29% in 2008 in men and from 29% to 25% in women, the actual number of people with uncontrolled hypertension increased from 605 million in 1980 to 978 million in 2008.Prof Majid Ezzati from the School of Public Health at Imperial College ( London ) had told TOI, \"Any increase of BP is bad. In an average Indian woman, it went up from 120.9mm mercury to 123.1mm mercury in the past 28 years while in men, it went up from 122.1mm mercury to 123.9mm mercury. In women, BP levels increased by almost 0.8mm mercury per decade since 1980 while in men, it increased by 0.9mm mercury per decade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12823840", "title": "Collector\u2019s abduction: No word from Maoists, Chhattisgarh scales down security operations", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after Maoists abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, Chhattisgarh government is waiting for a word from the Maoist rebels even as it drastically scaled down all 'pro-active' security operations in entire tribal Bastar region and trying to establish contact with Naxalite sympathisers through various channels to secure the IAS officer's safe release.\"Security forces, including the Para-military, deployed in the region are not venturing into the deep forests for area domination exercise. We are waiting for a word from the Maoist rebels\", Chhattisgarh government spokesman N Baijendra Kumar told TOI over telephone from Raipur.\"Our assessment is that the rebels could come up with their demands in a day or two as their first priority could be to shift the officer to a safer place\", he said adding that the state government was making all efforts, including trying to establish a dialogue with the rebels through various channels.Alex Paul Menon, the first district collector of newly formed Sukma district, was abducted by the Maoists from village Manjipara, near Kerlapal, where he was attending a kisan Sabha as a part of the Raman Singh government's outreach programme. The rebels had also gunned down two of his body guards who tried to resist the abduction move.After abduction, mostly of policemen, in Bastar in the past, the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) cadres came up with their demands only almost after a week. In a last year's instance, the rebels left posters in the forests of Bijapur area after a week, announcing that seven policemen were in their custody and listing their demands for their release.\"The Maoists will set some demands in consultation with senior CPI (Maoist) leaders. Initially the list could be long so that they could negotiate. During every hostage crisis in the past, at least half of the demands were met\", a retired intelligence bureau official, who was closely associated with anti-Maoist operations said.Meanwhile, local people in Sukma town took out a 'peace march' in the tribal district to appeal to the Maoists to release the district collector on humanitarian grounds.Former MLA and Bastar Adivasi Mahasabha president Manish Kunjam, who hails from Sukma town, told TOI that the sabha had already issued an appeal to the rebels not to cause any bodily harm to the young IAS officer. \"The local tribals here are willing to go into the forests to meet the rebels. But, till now there is no word from the Naxalites\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818209", "title": "Skywalk to adorn Dakshineswar soon", "text": "KOLKATA: To ease traffic congestion in Dakshineswar, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has decided to build a skywalk in the area. The authorities will engage a consulting firm to conduct a feasibility study and prepare a detailed project report (DPR) on the proposed plan.The skywalk will be set up along the Rani Rashmoni Road from the existing Dakshineswar railway station to the temple complex.\"We will engage a consulting firm to prepare the DPR for the proposed skywalk which will help decongest traffic in the area,\" said KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.KMDA has already conducted a topographical survey of the area. A preliminary concept plan has also been prepared. The feasibility study will estimate the daily footfall on the proposed skywalk and outline the number of shops that will have to be relocated from the at-grade road to the proposed skywalk.The plan, along with the flyover project that PWD has started executing at the Dunlop traffic crossing, will help decongest the entire stretch from BT Road to Dakshineswar. The Dakshineswar Kali temple complex attracts a large number of visitors throughout the year because of which vehicular traffic in the area has increased tremendously over the years. Special occasions witness a further increase in the number of pedestrians as well as vehicles in and around the temple complex.The primary approach road to the temple complex is along Rani Rashmoni Road which starts from the Dakshineswar bus stand. Owing to the presence of a large number of shops, this important access road also witnesses traffic congestion. Besides, the existing Dakshineswar railway station acts as a bottleneck for traffic between the PWD Road on the one end and Vivekananda Setu, Rani Rashmoni Road and Ramkrishna Deb Road on the other, causing inconvenience to pedestrians, commuters and visitors alike.The proposed project, hence, aims to separate vehicles from pedestrians and non-motorized vehicles like cycles, vans and rickshaws, thereby reducing congestion at the primary approach road to the temple complex.Initially there were plans to construct an underpass for the PWD Road-bound traffic. Officials, however, felt that given the present condition of traffic, an underpass was not a viable option. A small underpass can be built below the existing eastern railway line. The consultant to be engaged in preparing the feasibility report of the project will look into all these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817926", "title": "Now, imported machines to clean city roads", "text": "GURGAON: There is more teeth to a new road-cleaning machine of HUDA. On Saturday, a private contractor engaged by HUDA started cleaning MG Road using a machine, which is reported to have more suction power that will make the cleaning work easier and more efficient.The HUDA administrator was at the site to review the performance of the new machine which has been imported from Germany. The private contractor has pledged to bring in three more road sweeping machines that will be used in Gurgaon.\"The machine has been selected because of its high suction power of 6 tonnes which will ensure better performance. The contractor has been asked to work throughout the day and night to expedite the road cleaning process,\" said HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar .The cleaning work started on Saturday from IFFCO Chowk and MG road. \"The full impact of the new machine will be understood only in a month's time. The contractor has been given the responsibility of cleaning the main roads and sector roads which will be done by the new machine,\" said Kumar.To operate the machine, the contractor has been instructed to employ drivers who will work in three shifts, each shift lasting six hours. \"The exercise of road sweeping and cleaning will go on during the night also because at that time, the traffic is sparse,\" said Kumar.Explaining the capacity of the machine, an executive of the contractor said, \"The machine can clean a three-kilometre stretch full of mud, dirt and stones in about two hours. To do the same work manually, the time taken would be much more.\"The HUDA is paying Rs 1,000 per hour for a single machine doing the sweeping work and on an average, it would shell out over Rs 5.50 lakh monthly on a single machine.A HUDA official added that the induction of machines for sweeping roads doesn't mean that HUDA will do away with the manual cleaning by sweepers. \"The machines will be used only to clean the main roads and master roads in the HUDA sectors. The sweepers will continue working on the smaller roads on day-to-day basis,\" said the HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12816998", "title": "'Tainted' IAS couple linked to Ravi Rishi in Tatra scam?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe into the Tatra scam is examining a connection between Madhya Pradesh IAS couple Arvind Joshi and Tinoo Joshi, who are facing graft charges, and London-based businessman Ravi Rishi.The CBI is looking at Rishi's Vectra Group acquiring maximum shares in Greater Noida's Indian Exposition Mart Limited (IEML) at the time when Tinoo Joshi was posted as Development Commissioner Handicrafts in the ministry of textiles.Sources said the agency is scrutinizing the bank accounts of the IAS couple, who were suspended by the MP government after the Income Tax department recovered more than Rs 3 crore cash during a raid at their house in February, 2010.CBI is examining transaction details of 70 bank accounts of the suspended IAS couple and an official said \"All entries in their accounts and related transaction details are being looked at. We may question the IAS couple in this regard\".\"Acquisition of majority shares in IEML by the Vectra Group is under the scanner. There are allegations that role of Joshi was crucial role in this acquisition,\" said the source. The agency recently conducted raids at IEML in Greater Noida and have recovered certain documents in this regard.The agency is investigating Rishi, a majority stakeholder in Tatra Sipox (UK), for alleged irregularities in the purchase of more than 6,000 Tatra trucks after Army chief Gen V K Singh claimed that he was offered a Rs 14 crore bribe on behalf of the businessman. The CBI is also taking assistance of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Income Tax department in this regard.The CBI may also soon question Rishi again after having already sought assistance of the Interpol to get details about certain companies - allegedly associated with the NRI businessman - that are based in Slovakia, Czech Republic, the UK and Liechtenstein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817741", "title": "Two rescued from stuck lift in govt hospital at Khokhra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two senior citizens got stuck in a lift at Rukminidevi Government Hospital near Physical Education Ground at Khokhra on Saturday morning. The duo was rescued by a team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) after 30 minutes operation.AFES officials said they got a call at 10 am about a stuck lift at Rukminidevi Hospital. \"Niranjana Christian, 62, and her husband Daniel, 65, residents of Ashadeep Complex in Khokhra, had come to see their son Donald, 30, admitted in the hospital for jaundice, at 8.30 am. As the ward is situated on the second floor, the couple took the lift. The lift got stuck between first and second floor at that time,\" said an AFES official.Initially the hospital authorities tried to open the lift by manual means, but to no avail. Some of the volunteers even tried to get the duo out after opening the door, but could not succeed as the aged couple was unable to ascend to the second floor. Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi, then called up AFES. tnn\"They came and loosened the rope from the top floor and also released the lift cabin from the jammed shaft. The operation lasted for 30 minutes. In the end, the couple got rescued after about two hours. Earlier, a woman had also got stuck for 30 minutes before the lift started functioning again in the hospital,\" said Patel.The hospital authorities started repairs of the lift after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818770", "title": "4-month-old tests positive for H1N1 in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-month-old boy from Malad, possibly one of the youngest to test positive for H1N1 in the city, pushed the number of positive cases to 19 since March. The child was admitted to Wadia Hospital in Parel.BMC's epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare said the baby had been suffering from persistent fever and a sore throat . \"He has been undergoing treatment for a few days now. The hospital started the anti-viral treatment before sending the samples to Haffkine Research Institute for examination,\" she said. Gomare said the child was stable . Last month, a six-year-old boy from Mulund had also tested positive for H1N1.The use of anti-viral drugs for children below one year is still debated as clinical trials to ensure their safety have only been carried out on children above one year.Dr Tanu Singhal, paediatrician from Kokilaben hospital , said, \"Doctors have used the anti-viral in appropriate doses on infants as young as six months and it has been found to be safe. As long as the child is monitored closely, there should be nothing to worry about.\" Civic officials will check the relatives of the child for symptoms of H1N1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12818518", "title": "Toll reaches 21, contractor arrested", "text": "JALANDHAR: As many as 21 bodies have been recovered from the debris of the factory that collapsed on Sunday night in the Industrial Focal Point here. Till Saturday evening, rescuers were trying to extricate yet another body even as people waited to see if it was of someone belonging to their family.Meanwhile, police have arrested contractor Sarwan Singh, who had built the factory in 2006, which collapsed on Saturday. ADCP Navjot Singh Mahal said that they would get more information from the contractor about the construction of the building, including the engineers involved in it. Police are also searching for the contractor, who was engaged in construction in the adjoining plot.Hira Chand, who is waiting for any news of his brother Radha Mohan, said, \"We are not hopeful that he would be alive. But, we have been telling people back home in Bihar that there is still a chance. A boy has been spotted and we are waiting for it to be brought out of the debris.\"While Paltu Ram is still waiting to hear about his grandson Mintu, Chadrawati, who has come from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, after borrowing from a money lender, is looking for her husband Bhagwan Dass. One Sunil said that he was yet to hear anything about his brother Ajit.According to rescuers, they were finding bodies in decomposed state and these were badly infested by insects, making them unrecognizable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12818142", "title": "Here, villagers live on rationed water", "text": "HUBLI: With ponds and lakes drying up and the mercury hitting new highs, people in Yaraguppi, Chiknarti, Hirenarti and surrounding villages of Kundagol taluk in Dharwad district are facing severe scarcity of water.Villagers have to make do with just two pots of water per head a day, which they get after showing the card issued to them by the authorities. Fights among people over water have become common in these villages.With water bodies going dry and no trace of water in borewells, the gram panchayat has taken up the responsibility of distributing water to villagers through tankers. The GP has issued cards -- one card per family -- and each family will get two pots of drinking water per head on producing the card. This is not sufficient for them and for their cattle. And worse, there are days when they will to do without it. And even this meager quantity of water does not come free. Villagers pay Rs 30 per card which has to be renewed every month.Speaking to STOI, Mallappa Katti, resident of Yaraguppi village said sometimes the tankers come once in two days. \"We are facing water problem for several months and now it has become severe. It has become very difficult to keep our cattle going with no water and fodder to feed them,\" he said.Irappa Tippannavar of Yaraguppi village has six members and four heads of cattle in his house. Hence he is getting 12 pots of water for his family, which he said is just not enough to meet their daily needs. Early mornings he goes to Chiknarti village and brings about four pots of water from his friend's house.Nearly 8,000 people live in Yaraguppi village. Hussensab Eligar said that sometimes villagers wait overnight to get water from tankers.The villagers are in despair and they want the government make arrangements to provide sufficient water and fodder during drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817701", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education to introduce vocational course on 'Fitness and Gym Operation'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is going to introduce a vocational course on 'Fitness and Gym Operation' from the 2012-13 session. The course is designed to develop and hone skills required for a career in the field of sports.A pilot run of the course will be carried out in 50 select schools from Class XI onwards this year. The course will have five units in theory carrying 60 marks, while the practical component will have three units carrying 40 marks.In the Class XI course, the students will get to learn about various aspects of health, fitness, wellness phenomenon, physiology of exercise and training, diet and nutrition, and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827231", "title": "Seers support sought for Heritage City campaign", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Prayagraj Sewa Samiti is seeking the support of seers in its campaign to get the status of Heritage City for Allahabad and make the Ganga pollution free.In this connection, a delegation of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti led by Teerthraj Pandey met the saints at the ongoing Akhil Bhartiya Teerth Purohit programme and urged them to take steps to procure the heritage city status.Teerthraj Pandey said, \"Prayag has been the centre of pilgrimage from ancient times and pilgrims from across the world have come here to take dip in the Sangam. Therefore, in accordance with the sanctity and holiness of this place, efforts should be made for giving the status of World heritage centre to Allahabad by UNESCO .\"Pandey urged the priests from across the country to start a public campaign for granting the status of world heritage centre to Allahabad so that a unified voice can emerge for this cause during the Mahakumbh next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12817123", "title": "Anjuna police arrest 19-year-old history-sheeter", "text": "MAPUSA: The Anjuna police arrested a 19-year-old, Surendra Sawant, a resident of Amey in Malpem-Pernem who was wanted in connection with theft cases in Anjuna, Mapusa and Pernem.On April 18, tattoo artist Rupesh Arora from Assagao complained to the Anjuna police that unknown culprits effected entry into his house between 4pm on April 17 and 6pm on April 18 and stole a cellphone and cash-all amounting to 1.95 lakh -which was kept in the locker of a cupboard. Accordingly, a team consisting of Amar Konadkar, Suhas Joshi and Nitesh Mulgaonkar led by PSI Diogo Gracias under the supervision of PI Rahul Parab nabbed Sawant on April 19 at Assagao.During the course of the investigation, the accused confessed his involvement in the crime and cash of 79,000 and the cellphone were recovered. The accused has used the remaining stolen cash as a down payment to purchase a new car and will be recovered after a proper procedure is followed, the police said.The police also recovered a motorcycle which was stolen by Sawant on April 9 from Anjuna. A laptop stolen from Pernem was also recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "12817941", "title": "Whistle-blower Indian Forest Service faces fresh probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Haryana's whistleblower, IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi, is facing a fresh police probe in a two-and-half-year-old abetment to suicide case when a forest range officer, Sanjeev Tomar, died on December 14, 2009.The investigation officer of the case on November 8, 2010 had concluded that Tomar, 35, had committed suicide police had lodged an FIR against Chaturvedi and a woman, Promila.The police had prepared a closure report but had not submitted it to the court. Now, the Haryana police have ordered an investigation into the case after Sanjeev Tomar's father Ram Pal Tomar sent representations to various police officials, including Haryana DGP, demanding arrest of Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi had come in the limelight after he exposed various scams in the Haryana forest department between 2007 and 2012 following which he was transferred 12 times in five years. When he was suspended and chargesheeted, he had complained to the President of India. With the President's intervention, the Haryana government was forced to revoke the suspension order. DGP RS Dalal denied to comment on the matter adding that he was busy in a function.In his complaint, Rampal Tomar said, \"Chaturvedi compelled my son to die or he got him killed and what ways, means, methods, Chaturvedi used in causing death of my son can only be ascertained after his arrest and then interrogation... The police are in a possession of one writing in the hand of my son termed by them as 'suicide note.\"On the other hand, Chaturvedi's lawyer Kuldeep Tiwari said that the Sanjeev Tomar had committed suicide after four months of his transfer from Jhajjar. \"During his tenure at Jhajjar, Chaturvedi had exposed a multi-crore plantation scam in which 40 field officials were suspended. Sanjeev Tomar was one of the forest range officers, who was accused in case and was got suspended and chargesheeted,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817179", "title": "5 kids among 12 rescued from bonded labour in Chengalpet", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kancheepuram district officials in association with International Justice Mission, an NGO, rescued five children and seven other people who were being held as bonded labourers at a sawing unit in Chengalpet taluk on Friday.Kancheepuram district collector Harish Chhabra told TOI on Saturday that district officials and staff of the NGO raided a sawing unit at Kayar village and rescued 12 people belonging to three families.The NGO had complained to the district officials about the labourers being held hostage. Officials said the labourers were paid 10 a day against the government's minimum wage of 136 per day. The labourers had been in bondage for nearly eight to ten years. They were also not allowed to mingle with other employees, said officials.Chhabra said the victims were issued release certificates, officially identifying them as victims of bonded labour. They would now be entitled to government rehabilitation funds.The revenue divisional official has also lodged a criminal complaint against the owner of the sawing unit under IPC Sections 9,16,17,18 and 20 of the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act 1976, Sections 370, 374 and 341 of the IPC, 1860 and Section 14 of the Child Labour(Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986.They were paid 10 a day as against the government's minimum wage of 136 per day. Officials said the labourers had been in bondage for nearly eight to ten years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817263", "title": "Pandals remain a major hindrance", "text": "PUNE: The story of footpaths on the Lal Bahadur Shastri road is no different from any other footpath in the city with temples, bus stops and garbage bins obstructing pedestrian movement.A gantry's girder stands in the middle of the pavement opposite Alka talkies, compelling people to walk on the road. Obstacles like bus stops and electric junction boxes do not help either. But the overall condition of footpaths on the Shastri Road is somewhat better than most footpaths in the city.At the end of the road on Dandekar bridge, skeletons of pandals put up for a religious function last week still stand tall. Wooden logs are kept atop, forcing people to get off the footpath. On the other side is a temple in the middle of the pavement. Another religious function is happening on April 27 for which a pandal has been put up on the other side of the road. Tulsidas Kamle, a local vendor, said, \"The pandal has been constructed to celebrate Urs. I don't think they are a hindrance to the pedestrians because they have been put up for a good purpose. The pandal will be removed after celebrations.\"Though most bus stops are built on the footpath, a couple of them had space behind for the people to walk. Trees are in the middle of the pavement. Pramod Nirbhavne, city engineer of the PMC said, \"Our main focus this month is to remove temporary obstructions like garbage and debris and renovate footpaths. Removing gantry poles, political hoardings etc takes time.\"Ranjit Gadgil, the programme director of NGO 'Parisar', said, \"It would be naive to expect the PMC to remove permanent structures from the footpaths. This process requires time and one needs to keep patience.\"Some roadside restaurants use the pavement to arrange seats for customers. Neelesh Patil, a local resident, said, \"The restaurants impede our movement. We risk our lives walking on the road.\"Deputy commissioner of the PMC Suresh Jagtap said, \"We will do a survey and on the basis of the results remove encroachments. We undertook a drive in Shivajinagar this week and will look to replicate the process on Shastri Road this week. We are confident it can be done in a a month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827277", "title": "Prakash Raj to produce Allu Sirish\u2019s debut", "text": "Prakash raj seems to be mixing things up these days between acting, directing and producing films. He's just completed shooting for director Puri Jagannath's upcoming movie Devudu Chesina Maanushulu. He is now all set to begin pre-production work on his next production. He is producing Gauravam being directed by Radha Mohan under the Duet movies banner. The actor has teamed up with the director for films like Aakasame Haddu, Mozhi and Gaganam etc. Allu Sirish, the younger brother of Allu Arjun is making his debut in this film set to release in Telugu as well. The filmmakers haven't yet finalized on the lead actress yet. Buzz has it that they are looking for popular face in Tamil cinema and are keen on having Tamannah on board. Now that the producer is back we might expect a few official announcements soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12816969", "title": "Now, teams to tackle illegal mining on weekends", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology has constituted two teams led by assistant geologists to attend to emergency calls on alternate weekends.Speaking to STOI, director of mines Prasanna Acharya said, \"The department has constituted two teams which will be led by assistant geologists. Each team will work on alternate Saturdays and Sundays to attend to emergency calls pertaining to illegal mining across the state\".The team can attend to any call pertaining to alleged illegal mining activities in the state and can take necessary action, Acharya said. Each team will comprise five members and will have to work on weekends. They can take weekly offs on any other day, said Acharya. Goa has around 90 working mining leases, and last year around 54 million tonnes of iron ore was exported from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818754", "title": "Building details to be put up on BMC website", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will soon be able to make informed decisions about the property they plan to buy in Mumbai.Municipal Commissioner Subodh Kumar said the BMC would soon put all permissions granted for building construction (IOD/CC) on its website. \"We were to start the system from April 1 but were unable to do so. We should do it soon,'' he said at the 13th anniversary of NGO Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI).Immediately after the civic elections, TOI in its agenda for the new civic body had demanded that all building approvals granted by the BMC must be displayed online to bring in transparency and help citizens know what they are purchasing.AGNI also felicitated eight ward officers for holding regular meetings with citizens in their wards to understand and resolve civic problems.The function was held at St Xavier's College. Besides the municipal commissioner, MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana and joint commissioner (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar were also present.AGNI had sent out questionnaires to 24 ward officers to ascertain if they held regular meetings with the Advanced Locality Management groups or the Local Area Citizens' Committee. Only eight of the 24 responded . These included F-North (Parel), H-West (Bandra), KEast (Andheri East), K-West (Andheri West), M-East (Chembur), M-West (Govandi , Trombay), R-North (Dahisar ) and R-Central (Borivli).Kumar, who retires at the end of the month, was invited by AGNI convener D M Sukhtankar to join the organization and work \"from the other side\" for the city's good.Kumar said he ensured that this year, at least 35% of the budget was spent on capital outlay. To bring in transparency , all details of tenders awarded to contractors for various works would be put up on the BMC website.He said a new policy would be announced for civic schools to ensure accountability and higher standards. \"We will try out public-private partnership in some schools . Pupils will be evaluated and those able to provide better than average education will get civic grants,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817764", "title": "7 break-ins yield thieves nothing in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When seven break-ins were reported to Gujarat University police officials on Saturday morning, senior cops went into a tizzy. However, they were relieved that thieves could not steal anything from any of the seven places. Police consider the chain of incidents strange and have started a search for gangs known for such break-ins.According to Gujarat University police officials, seven offices in Punyabhoomi Shopping Center near Darpan crossroads were targeted by a group of thieves in the wee hours of Saturday. Himmatsinh Rathod, an advocate whose office was broken into, filed a complaint of attempt to burgle. The spot is less than 200 meters from Hatkesh police chowky.\"We believe that the thieves used an instrument like ganeshiyo (crooked iron bar) to break open the locks,\" said a Gujarat University police official. \"They had broken into offices where they are no cashboxes or valuables to steal. However, the building has been targeted in the past by thieves. Thus, we believe that it might be the handiwork of the same gang. Investigation is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817920", "title": "Police reconstruct Dhruti's suicide", "text": "SURAT: Police on Friday staged reconstruction of suicide by Dhruti Patel at her house in Navsari as the probe into the case that created anger among local people began to pick up. Victim's husband Divyesh, who is prime accused in the case, and his elder brother Hiral have already been remanded in police custody for seven days by a court.The initial investigation in the case was done by investigative officer M R Chavda. However, to get more details, a reconstruction of the incident was carried by new investigative officer and deputy superintendent of police, headquarters, Navsari, M A Chauhan,.Police got a dummy of the same weight as that of the victim prepared and the suicide was staged in the bathroom of Dhruti's bedroom. The dummy was hanged to the partition pipe so as to check its durability.Police are trying to find out the sequence of the incident and verify the facts with the statements of the accused with this reconstruction. Dhruti had hanged herself on the evening of March 25. Her in-laws rushed her body to a nearby hospital, but they neither informed the police nor Dhruti's parents. They also removed all evidence from the spot.Police are also confused with regard to mobile call details of Divyesh and Hiral. They used their mobiles to talk to each other even when they were present in the house.Police are trying to match the call timings and with their movement. Police have collected the victim's nails and they have been sent for forensic test together with the blood samples of the accused. There were 14 injuries on the victim's body. The first post mortem said the injury marks were post murder. The accused had claimed that the injuries had occurred when they had lowered the body from the rod and were shifting it to hospital. However, the revised postmortem found that 12 of the 14 injuries had occurred before the victim had died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "fategarh sahib", "code": "12818473", "title": "HC quashes order for acquisition of fertile land in Jeunpura", "text": "FATEGARH SAHIB: In a relief for residents of Jeunpura village, the Punjab and Haryana high court has quashed the notification, issued by the Fatehgarh Sahib administration, for the acquisition of fertile land. The administration has been allegedly terrorizing villagers to surrender their land for a private company, which is constructing a thermal power plant near Nalas , at a low price.As per information, a special 25 km railway track will be laid to supply coal to thermal power plant of a private company in Nalas near Rajpura. The company needs at least around 55-60 acres and track would be laid at the height of around 25 feet from other fertile land. The villagers have been demanding commercial rate of their land as it is situated along the national highway, but the government has offered them very low price.The government rate of other villages, from where non-commercial land has been acquired, is Rs 12.18 lakh per acre and the government has given them Rs 52 lakh per acre. But the commercial government rate of this (jeunpura) village land is Rs 47.52 lakh and the government has been offering the residents Rs 52 lakh.\"We had challenged the forcible land acquisition in the Punjab and Haryana high court, as it's fertile and commercial land. First, we don't want to sell it, but if the government needs it at any cost, they must give us a proper price. The HC has quashed the notification,\" said Jit singh, retired employee, who along with other villagers had filed an appeal in the court.Though, the HC had quashed land acquisition notification, but the presence of cops in village has raised questions and villagers alleged the police have been deployed to pressurize them to surrender their land.\"We are not terrorists. Why the administration has deployed police in our village. We would not give our land at any cost,\" said another village Gurmeet singh.When contacted Fatehgarh Sahib deputy commissioner Yashvir Mahajan, he said he has not received the HC order. \"I could say anything only after reading the HC judgment, \" said the DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816895", "title": "IT hub sets the tone for internet freedom movement", "text": "BANGALORE: Gen Next is getting ready for a face off with the Centre. Agitated youngsters comprising techies and engineering students gathered at Town Hall on Saturday evening shouting slogans against anticipated curbs on internet freedom. They say the new regulation, Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011, will endanger internet in the country. Youngsters feel their ire will soon strike a chord with youngsters across all metros. Just before Parliament is set to discuss the regulations, the software hub has become the first city to kick off a movement for internet freedom.Members of the Software Freedom Movement Karnataka (SFMK) who were part of the protest and were supported by students from five engineering colleges, told TOI they don't want the newly-notified rule to be implemented. \"All content, even the deeply private ones, will be tracked in the name of monitoring offensive content. This will curb your most basic instincts and freedom,\" said Navin M, joint secretary of the movement.The new rules, Navin claimed, will make web companies, social networking sites, cyber cafes and any internet service provider liable for punishment for permitting offensive content or content the government deems offensive. \"The definition of offensive is deeply subjective and all content may come under its ambit which endangers our right to basic emotional expression. The companies and sites will have to follow government policy and will impose restrictions on web use by deploying filters. The government will ask the sites to ensure that certain kinds of content just don't show up. We're anxious this may include all forms of legitimate disagreements and protests.\"The members of the movement say there are already Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) regulations that could be deployed to eliminate offensive content. \"No new regulations are required.\" The new IT regulation notified in April 2011 will come up for discussion in Parliament in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817248", "title": "Times Auto Show on at Sakhar Sankul", "text": "PUNE: The city's favourite auto expo - Times Auto Show - opened on Saturday at the Sakhar Sankul campus in Shivajinagar.The two-day expo promises to be a one-stop destination for auto buyers to explore, compare and choose from a wide range of cars from major automobile brands.The show witnessed an overwhelming response on the first day, owing to the shopping furore this month with people wanting to take a new car home on Akshatritiya.Major auto brands, such as BMW , Honda , Volkswagen, Renault , Chevrolet , Maruti, Ford, Toyota, Skoda and Hyundaidisplayed their products. The show offers a wide range of small, mid-size, luxury sedan, SUVs and high-end car models. The Times Auto Show will be open between 10 am and 8 pm till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817892", "title": "Traders flex muscle to grab power at Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association", "text": "SURAT: Political infighting among leaders of textile traders community is set to jeopardize textile trading business in the country's biggest man-made fibre industry.While textile sector is passing through a recessionary phase, traders have locked their horns forming two separate groups to take over the reins of Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association (FOSTTA), an apex body of about 140 textile markets housing more than 55,000 textile shops in the city.In the past fortnight, the infighting has reached such a crescendo that the two groups have announced separate dates for the elections. Interestingly, the leaders of two groups are using the letterheads of FOSTTA mentioning the names of different in charge presidents and secretaries. Pamphlets have been pasted in each and every textile markets on Ring Road, Salabatpura, Sahara Darwaja by the two groups urging members to participate in the elections.The traders in the textile markets deal in textile fabrics including saris and dress material worth Rs 80 crore to Rs 90 crore per day. The traders deal with key markets such as Delhi, Chandigarh, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Punjab, West Bengal , Bengaluru, Chennai etc.\"Devkishan Manghani and Nirmal Jain are flexing their muscles to take over the reins of FOSTTA. Both the leaders have different political affiliations and are least bothered about textile trade and traders,\" a leader of traders' community said. Most of the textile traders have criticized the two leaders for their stand.A textile trader Ravee Singh said, \"Demand for polyester fabrics is weak from all the key consumer markets in the country. In such circumstances, the leaders need to ponder on the issue, but they are busy fighting to grab the reins of FOSTTA. Thus, all the traders in our market have decided to stay away from the elections announced by the two groups.\"Another textile trader, Ramavatar Pandey, said, \"Most of the market associations have decided to boycott the elections announced by the two groups. We are not going to participate in the elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816566", "title": "A day to acknowledge importance of Mother Earth", "text": "NAGPUR: There are many days which are celebrated throughout the year, but that one day, which celebrates what holds everything together on the earth is World Earth Day. Popularly known as Earth Day, it is celebrated in more than 190 countries and falls on April 22.Earth Day is observed mainly in appreciation of earth's environment and to spread the message of environmental conservation. Globally, earth day programmes are coordinated by Earth Day Network (EDN), a leading environmental NGO, but efforts are also taken independently by local NGOs to spread a word about environment.\"The Earth Day is the largest civic observance in the world with over one billion people being a part of it. This year the theme for Earth Day is mobilize the earth, recognizing the urgent need of awareness among people,\" said Kavita Rattan, co-founder, Green Vigil, which has partnered with EDN for Earth Day programmes.Over the course of two months, Green Vigil undertook a number of awareness campaigns in and around Nagpur. On Earth Day this year, it will be organizing an awareness and photo interpretation programme at Traffic Park in the evening. \"Recognizing the major role that India will play in the process of environmental conservation, EDN has now moulded their programmes focusing on India and the Middle East,\" Rattan said.As awareness is the main thrust of observing the day, Vijay Ghuge is focusing on bringing a change from the grass-roots level. His organization Nisarg Vignyan Mandal is going to conduct discussions in about 12 villages near Umred.\"These villages are near forests, and these are the people who need to be sensitized most about the importance of the forest. Conservation of forest means conservation of Vasundhara,\" he said.The discussions will be held between members of joint forest management committee, sarpanches of the village and self help groups and would cover topics like climate change, the lowering of water tables and environmental balance.\"It is a sad situation that we have to observe a day to acknowledge the importance of Mother Earth. But now it is a necessity if we want to save our planet. But only talking about it for one day is not enough and efforts have to be continuous,\" Ghuge said.Nature and Wildlife Conservation Society (NWCS) is also organizing a talk on Earth Day at Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce from 10am. \"We have invited advocate Sachin Tripathi, faculty PGTD, Law College who is well versed in environmental laws and has thorough knowledge about environmental issues and convention,\" said advocate Girish Khorgade, secretary of NWCS.He said that his appeal to the citizens was to take small efforts for the sake of environment. \"Even if citizens take note of the environmental problems in their areas and report it to their representatives in the government, it would be of great help,\" Khorgade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818635", "title": "Leopard goes to school in Mulund", "text": "MUMBAI: A housekeeping staff of NES International School in Mulund discovered a leopard in the basement of the building on Saturday morning. As the school was shut for an annual programme, no student or teacher was present on the premises, as a result of which nothing untoward occurred. Till going to press, the rescue operation was still on, with the forest team installing a cage in the school godown where the animal was hiding.Forest officials feel the leopard, aged around six years, must have strayed from Sanjay Gandhi National Park, which is 200 m from the school, separated by a road and a garden.Around 10.30am, the staff, Dev Das, spotted a cat-like animal slinking into the basement of the school, which is located in Swapna Nagari, a residential area . Suspecting that it might be a leopard, he called a colleague and the two locked the basement door before informing the school management about it. Jyoti Chatterji, head of administration, called the officials of Sanjay Gandhi National Park and the local police. Chatterji told TOI, \"Within 30 minutes, a forest team reached the school, where no one else but five housekeeping staff members and three other employees were present.\" Soon, other employees also gathered there.Initially, when the team, comprising nine forest staffers and four vets, arrived at the school, they did not have any trap or tranquillizer with them; the equipment was brought later and the rescue operation started around noon. On inspecting the pugmarks, the vets said the leopard would be around six years old. Initially, the officers readied tranquilizers but as the animal refused to barge out of its hideout in the godown, they could not spot it, and so decided to adopt another method. Mumbai range forest officer Sudhir Padvale, said, \"We blocked the godown door with a cage. We also put a hen inside it, hoping that the animal would walk into the cage, lured by the bird.\" Around 8.30pm, the officers started bursting crackers following which, the leopard did come out of its hideout but refused to \"walk into the cage\", an officer said.Umesh Trivedi, who stays in an adjacent building, said, \"Thankfully, the school was closed or it could have been really scary.\"Animal lover Bhai Tarkar, who also visited the school during the operation, claimed the reason behind repeated incidents of leopards straying into residential areas was that the national park was \"overcrowded with animals and there was not enough food for all of them. They go to residential areas, looking for food\". Padvale, however, refuted the claimm, saying the park had adequate food and water for all the animals.Time Line:10.30: Housekeeping staff Dev Das spotted leopard entering in basement ofthe school building after which he with help of another colleague lockedboth basement gate.10.35: Three staff members present in school informed to management who teninformed to SFNP officials.11 am: Rescue team of forest officer and animals doctors reached at spot12 am: Cage and other equipment were brought5.50 pm: Rescue team returned after fitting cage at godown door whereleopard hiding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12818888", "title": "Extra space to be of little use, say fishermen", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has meted out step-motherly treatment to Mumbai's original inhabitants, feel fishermen across the city.Reacting to the government's decision to increase the floor space index for koliwadas from one to two, fishermen said had builders evinced interest in developing the koliwadas, the FSI would have been increased to as much as 4.\"FSI for SRA projects and for old and dilapidated buildings , is 3. A large number of people already occupy much more than 2 FSI to accommodate their growing families. This will not be of much help to us. The government should grant us FSI at par with the others,'' said Digambar Waiti, a resident of Malwani koliwada . He said in Worli, where land prices were high, fishermen were already demanding an FSI of 4.Pandurang Mangela, a fisherman from Juhu koliwada said the benefit was that those who had not yet built new homes, would now be able to construct larger homes. But those who have consumed more than the sanctioned FSI will get into trouble with the law. \"The Development Control regulations require a developer to leave three metres as compulsory open space on all sides. But most plots in the koliwadas are small, so the size of the homes will be very narrow,'' he said.Damodar Tandel, president , Maharashtra Machchimar Kruti Samiti, said koliwadas were not just homes but also provided storage space for fishing nets and baskets. \"Homes are constructed keeping in mind our profession. The additional FSI is of no use to the koliwadas,'' he said.Tandel said koliwadas are very old clusters, developed when there were no Development Control rules. \"Even after the CRZ norms came into force in 1991, we are allowed to construct and repair existing homes. Over the years, people have expanded their homes to accommodate their growing families. The new FSI norms will require residents to give setback area for road widening. Most plots are tiny, residents will resist,'' he said. Instead, said Tandel, the government must allow residents to build to a height of 33 feet. \"We do not want FSI. It does not serve our purpose,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817661", "title": "Repair poles on entire network, Government Railway Police tells Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP) officials, investigating Thursday's mishap on Central Railway, have warned that such incidents may recur if signal poles on the entire route-between CST and Karjat-are not repaired. Three commuters were killed and several others were injured when they hit a jutting metal part of a signal between Nahur and Mulund stations.A panchnama report of the mishap has been forwarded to CR officials. \"When I visited the accident spot, I found that a clamp on the pole was sticking out after its screws came off due to vibrations caused by passing trains,\" said Kurla GRP senior inspector SS Dhumal. \"The same problem was noticed at several other places. Signal maintenance department officials have been booked under Section 304 (A) (causing death due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code,\" he added.Railway officials are examining the GRP report and will study the technical aspects to arrive at a solution.\"A signal pole's design, confirms to Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) specifications, is the same across India,\" said V A Malegaonkar, Central Railway's chief public relations officer.Dain Davis, whose brother was injured in Thursday's accident, said, \"Usually, a technician examines the signal but does not bother about the rusted ladder. Maintenance workers mostly apply a coat of paint over the ladder to conceal the corrosion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12818377", "title": "Committed to protect honest babus: Manmohan", "text": "New Delhi: With senior bureaucrats having a central role in ensuring policy imperatives roll out smoothly by ensuring that ministers process Cabinet papers and decisions are implemented, the PM pledged reforms that will encourage civil servants to be decisive.\"We stand committed to protecting honest and well meaning civil servants who might have made genuine errors in their work,\" the PM said, while gently pointing to the civil services' own weaknesses, saying there is a \"grain of truth\" in the perception that the bureaucracy's moral fibre has deteriorated.Unease in the bureaucracy has been evident since the arrest and prolonged denial of bail to former telecom secretary Sidharth Behura. The arrest of two Andhra Pradesh principal secretaries - B P Acharya and Sri Lakshmi - in the Emaar and Obulapuram mining cases led to civil service associations protesting \"selective\" action that spared political bosses.Looking to deliver the right message, the PM said, \"On their part, civil servants should fight the tendency of not taking decisions because of the fear that things might go wrong and they might be penalized. We cannot have a bureaucracy which is 100% risk averse.\"Singh said the government should \"encourage boldness in decision making, provided the decisions are well considered and as per the law of the land\", indicating the bureaucracy needed to be both facilitator and gate-keeper in governance process.The PM said the judgement and advice of officials should not be affected by the nature and colour of political leadership. He maintained there was a need to be honest in \"admitting our failures and our deficiencies\",saying decisions civil servants take must be fair and objective in nature, based on sound evidence and deep analysis and designed to serve the best interests of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817684", "title": "After polls, civic centre wears a deserted look", "text": "NEW DELHI: The MCD headquarters wears a deserted look. With little work to do now that the civic polls are over and the newly elected councillors yet to take oath, the civic centre is being given a miss by officials as designations and responsibilities have not been fixed yet.An official said work was yet to gather pace as the number of files piled up on their table had gone down. \"We are coming to office but there is nothing much to do as most files are being returned unsigned. Once things are clear after the split, work will gather momentum. At present, MCD is in a state of freeze,\" said an MCD official.The A-block building that mostly has cabins of former councillors was also empty. However, the cabins still have their belongings locked inside. \"Some of the councillors, who held important offices and couldn't make a comeback, are yet to take away their belongings. Their pictures and papers are still stacked in the cabin,\" said an MCD official.An official at the printing and stationery department said that since no meetings were taking place, days were passing by with no work. \"We come and sit idle most of the time. But after April 25, there will be work for us. But these days people are only concerned about the split,\" he said.Even the multi-level car parking beneath the building, which used to be jam-packed with cars of visitors and councillors, is almost deserted. Even visitors have stopped queuing outside the civic centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12816405", "title": "Doctors attacked for trying to resuscitate dying girl in Delhi hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A desperate, unsuccessful effort to save a 16-year-old girl's life led to a team of six doctors being assaulted early on Friday by a group of 25 persons accompanying the girl, who objected to their providing cardiopulmonary cerebral resuscitation. The procedure involves pressing down hard and rapidly on the chest and blowing into the patient's mouth.The accused, residents of Turkman Gate area, allegedly attacked the doctors and vandalized the emergency ward in Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital.According to the FIR registered by chief medical officer Arvind Mohan at the IP Estate police station (a copy of which is with TOI), the patient was brought to the emergency ward around 12.40am with fever, pain and a distended abdomen. \"Clinical diagnosis was preparedy and the treatment was begun with the patient being given IV fluids and antibiotics. The blood samples were sent and the procedure and diagnosis explained to the attendants,\" the complainant said suddenly, she suffered cardiac arrest.According to a source in LNJP Hospital, the doctors immediately began to provide CPCR, which involves pressing down hard and rapidly on the chest and blowing air into the patient's mouth. The doctors also removed the girl's clothes to administer an injection, but were unable to save the girl. At this, some of the people accompanying her began shouting that the doctors had misbehaved with the girl and killed her.\"The attendants - who were around 25 in number - attacked the resident doctors on duty and began to assault them. The group began to throw away medicines, broke trolleys, monitors and the telephone and vandalized the entire ward. The guards were not able to protect us. A decision to evacuate the emergency was taken as the accused had threatened to come back again in more numbers with firearms,\" the complainants said in the FIR. The doctors suffered minor injuries. They called for a strike on Saturday, but it was called off after the police mediated between both sides.The police said they were informed through a PCR call and the CMO was subsequently informed too. A written complaint by the doctors was forwarded to the CMO who approached the cops. \"A case under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty) and 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) of IPC has been registered and the police is investigating the matter,\" said Devesh Chandra Srivastava, DCP, central district.\"The accused party was accompanied by the police and brought to us. We had a talk wherein they profusely apologized for their misbehavior following which the doctors decided to call of the strike. The issue is being solved amicably,\" said a senior administrative officer at LNJP Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817144", "title": "Court to pronounce order on defamation plea against Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Saturday reserved for April 26 its order on summoning Army chief Gen V K Singh and four others named as accused in a criminal defamation case filed by Lt Gen (retd)Tejinder Singh who had denied having made Rs 14 crore bribe offer to him.Metropolitan Magistrate Jasjeet Kaur reserved the order on the criminal complaint after Tejinder Singh's counsel said his client had already recorded his statement and pre-summoning evidence in support of his complaint.Metropolitan Magistrate Sudesh Kumar, who had on April 10 reserved the order on Tejinder Singh's complaint, did not hold proceedings on Saturday as he was attending a training session and the matter was listed for hearing by Kaur.Tejinder Singh, a former director general of Defence Intelligence Agency, had filed defamation complaint against the Army chief and four other Army officiers trashing the allegations that he had offered the bribe for clearing a deal for 600 \"sub-standard\" vehicles. Besides the Army Chief, he has named Vice Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur, Maj Gen S L Narshiman and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12818116", "title": "Man with gold, silver held", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Local KTJ Nagar police in Davangaere city arrested a man on Saturday and recovered gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 23 lakh.The accused has been identified as Jayanaik of Nulenur in Holalkere taluk of Chitradurga district.\"He was convicted for 8 years and was housed in Bellary jail for committing 13 different thefts that came under Vidyanagar, KTJ Nagar and Extension police station limits of Davanagere, and he was released recently,\" said SP Labhu Ram.The accused was found wandering near Nisarga comforts in Davanagere city on Saturday. Police nabbed him and recovered 750 gram of gold and 4 kg of silver ornaments. He was remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12825267", "title": "20-year lasting LED light bulb introduced in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: An expensive but prize-winning LED light bulb that lasts for 20 years went on sale in the US today which is marked as Earth Day .The bulb swaps filaments for light-emitting diodes to provide a pleasing and natural-looking light.Using LEDs endows the light with a long life and a hefty price tag.The first versions are set to cost USD 60. However, media reports say Dutch electronics giant Philips , the maker of the bulb, has arranged discounts with shops that will sell it for only USD 20.The bulb triumphed in the Bright Tomorrow competition run by the US Department of Energy that aimed to find an energy efficient alternative to the 60-watt incandescent light bulb.The DoE challenged firms to develop a design that gave out a warm light similar to that from an incandescent bulbs but was much more energy efficient.LED bulbs face competition from compact fluorescent lights which are almost as energy efficient and cost a lot less.Production of 100 watt bulbs has ceased in the US and Europe.Production of 60 watt bulbs has been stopped in Europe and is being phased out in the US.From 2014, incandescent bulbs of 40 watts or above will be banned in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12818229", "title": "Missing coal trader's body found", "text": "BOKARO: After seven days of frantic search, police on Saturday recovered the body of missing coal trader Bharat Mishra from a pit in Baidhkaro jungle, about 30 km from his Railway Colony residence at Dugdha here.However, the main accused, BJP leader Jitender Mahto, has not been arrested as he is absconding.According to police, Mishra was allegedly killed by his business rival Jitender. Jitender, along with his brother Tulsi and three associates, killed Mishra as they wanted to maintain their monopoly in supplying coal to a private cement factory that has national presence. Earlier, they had threatened Mishra several times with serious consequences if he had gone ahead with the coal supply. Jitender is a BJP leader who had contested the last assembly election from Gomia.Police have picked up Tulsi and his brother-in-law Ishwar Mahto, who confessed to the crime and had taken police to the spot - near Jitender's house - in Baidkaro jungle where Mishra's body was dumped in a pit. The pit was dug by the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) for checking coal. Police found the body in a decomposed state at the forest under Gandhinagar police station.\"On April 14, Jitender had called Mishra near the Garga river in Chas for a meeting. When Mishra arrived there, he was asked to sit on an SUV (JH 09S 0105) for negotiations. It was not sure whether Jitender was present in the vehicle or not but Tulsi, Ishwar and others had taken Mishra near City Centre and strangulated him to death with a rope. Later, they dumped the body in Baidkaro jungle. The rope was also recovered from the pit where the body was recovered,\" said Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi. He added that Jitender and two others are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "tamluk (wb)", "code": "12822727", "title": "Man arrested for posing as Mamata's brother", "text": "TAMLUK (WB): A man was arrested at Contai in Purba Medinipur district for posing as the brother of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, police sources said today.The accused Anjan Bhattacharya had called up the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Contai, Sumit Gupta, on Friday and introduced himself as Kartik Banerjee, the brother of Mamata Banerjee, the sources said.Bhattacharya asked the SDO to arrange for a room for him in a guest house and also provide him a vehicle at Contai.He arrived at the Contai SDO's office in a car and the SDO's office provided him accommodation.After the driver of Bhattacharya gave inconsistent accounts the SDO office's became suspicious and the SDO informed the police about the matter.The police then checked and found out that Mamata Banerjee's brother Kartick Banerjee was in Kolkata.They arrested Anjan Bhattacharya and produced him before the Contai sub-divisional court which remanded Bhattacharya to five days police custody.Police said they are interrogating Bhattacharya to know why he posed as Kartick Banerjee, brother of Mamata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816728", "title": "3rd successive year of profit for Shikshak Bank", "text": "NAGPUR: In a turnaround from financial crisis, city-based Shikshak Sahakari Bank, a cooperative having close association with BJP, reported a profit of Rs 16 crore for the year 2011-12. This is the third successive year of profit for the bank after it had faced a bad spell, with losses amounting to Rs 65 crore.Set up in the 1970s for the teachers, the bank had fallen into bad times in mid-2000s due to bad lending and had to face RBI strictures. It had also faced a risk of a panic withdrawal by depositors.Mayor Anil Sole, who is the chairman of the bank, told the media that bank's net non-performing assets (NPAs) had nearly halved to 1.52% from 2.5% in 2010-11. Capital to Risk (weighted) Assets Ratio (CRAR) had risen to 12.45% as against 7.75% last year. Reserve Bank of India (RBI) specifies CRAR to be at 9% for cooperatives.Sole further said that the bank had achieved a positive networth, which meant its own funds were more than the accumulated losses in previous year, with the piled up losses now being reduced to Rs 25 crore. The bank had surplus of owned funds to the tune of Rs 25 crore too. The bank, which was also stressing on deposit mobilization, had increased its deposit based by Rs 90 crore to Rs 650 crore. The funds had been parked by those regularly associated with the bank. The advances stood at Rs 461 crore, the mayor said.Vice chairman Sanjay Narke says that the bank now hoped to entirely wipe out the losses in couple of years and an improvement in the grading according by Reserve Bank of India (RBI). \"With financial parameters improving Shiskshak Sahakari Bank qualifies for providing real time gross settlement services (RTGS), and there are also plans to implement core banking system which enables anywhere any time banking,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12818401", "title": "Benami land deals: No coordination between different govt departments, says probe report", "text": "SHIMLA: While the violation of section 118 of Himachal Pradesh Tenancy and Land Reforms Act and Himachal Pradesh Apartment and Property Regulation Act 2005 has created a political debate in the hill state, the one-man judicial commission looking into benami land transactions has concluded in its report that there is no coordination between different departments of the government through whom files are processed.Chairman of the commission Justice (retired) D P Sood made these remarks in the report on the basis of a case where thick forest was found standing on the land purchased by a builder in Solan district. The commission had inspected the site and come across startling facts which were not reported on the revenue file.\"Field revenue agency of Solan district reported on revenue file that there are 336 trees of different species standing on the land purchased by Amar Nath Aggarwal. During spot inspection, thousands of trees were noticed and the commission was shocked to see a thick forest on the purchased land,\" the commission said in its report.After the commission sought information from forest and state vigilance and anti-corruption bureau, it came to light that there were 2,527 trees on the land. The commission also observed that conservator of forests, Nahan circle, vide letter number CXII-145-Solan/10582 dated December 15, 2009 accorded permission for felling of green trees standing in land of builders Amar Nath Aggarwal whereas managing director of the company had given an affidavit to the effect that they will not cut the standing trees on the land and will plan, design and construct buildings in such a way that not a single tree will be cut. \"On March 7, 2012 conservator of forests, Nahan, was asked to explain his position for giving permission to fell 95 trees but till March 24, 2012 his reply was not received,\" it added.The commission also found that the builder had already purchased 160 bigha of land in 2005, but deliberately changed the words from builders to colonisers to circumvent the ceiling law. The commission pointed out that permission to buy the land was wrongly given. The commission has observed that all departments act independently, hardly exchanging notes with each other.\"Otherwise, the forest department could not have granted permission to fell trees when the builder had given affidavit not to cut a single tree. Similarly, revenue department should have gathered information from police and forest departments about standing trees on the land,\" the report added.Justice D P Sood has also recommended stern action against the revenue field agency for concealing the fact of a thick forest on the land and for showing only 336 trees standing on it. \"Another important fact emerged that revenue records do not reflect the true picture existing on the spot. In this case, jamabandi shows the land as 'ghasni' whereas, on spot, there is thick forest having trees 30-35 years of age. This proves allegations that revenue field agency do not do girdawri (crop inspection) by visiting the spot. Otherwise, such glaring mistakes cannot happen,\" added Justice Sood in his report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817990", "title": "Zoo animals put on liquid diet as humidity soars", "text": "KOLKATA: It is not just humans who are panting in the heat and resorting to ice-creams and cold drinks to cool off. Even animals at the Alipore zoo are struggling to come to terms with the oppressive weather. Few of them have been venturing out of their sheds, preferring instead to retreat deep into the relative cool of their enclosures. Many have been put on a special liquid diet that includes Electral and glucose. Water showers have been planned for mammals and birds, in case the mercury shoots up further.Birds and mammals at the zoo are being provided with Electral water and glucose at regular intervals since last week so that the heat does not take a toll on their health. \"Though the animals have been living in the zoo for many years now and they have adapted to the climate, we still need to take care of them and adopt proper precautions,\" said a senior official at the zoo. Chimpanzees are often given ice-creams and cold-drinks during summer. They are yet to be given ice-creams this year, though.While the hot and humid weather has kept people indoors, the animals at the zoo, too, prefer to remain in their night shelters during the hot afternoons. They have only been coming out during the evenings or when they are being fed. The visitor turnout at the zoo has also been thin over the last few weeks. Attendance drops during the summer since sighting turns difficult.\"My child loves animals and requested us to come to the zoo. So I had to come, but we have not been able to see most of the animals as they were indoors,\" said Dipti Parekh, a homemaker from Siliguri who had come to the zoo with her three-year-old daughter Manvi. Manvi and her mother, like many other visitors at the zoo, hopped from one enclosure to another, only to find most of the animals hiding in the water pools, making only a few surprise appearances for their visitors.The visitors, too, preferred to rest in the shelters or under tree shades rather than venturing out in the sun. \"Despite it being such a hot day, we have not been able to sell too many ice-creams or soft drinks as there are not many people coming in,\" rued Mohammed Salim , a soft drink shop-owner at the zoo.The soaring temperature has left the officials preparing for the coming days as they will be arranging water showers for the animals to keep them cool if the temperature rises further. \"We do it every summer to ensure that animals remain cool. It's done particularly for the mammals and birds that need to cool off more than the rest,\" said a zoo official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816631", "title": "Watch out for signs among jilted lovers: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: The budding young cricketer with much potential had only begun moving towards success. Having impressed several heavyweights, including Sachin Tendulkar and Gautam Gmbhir, Ishan Sathe had the potential to don national colours. Suddenly his form dropped and he started being depressed. A year later, he cut short the journey of his life abruptly. The reason: A bitter break up and a fight afterwards.The sad end to this youngster with a bright future is not an isolated one. Failure in love is something that many youngsters find difficult to deal with, often thinking of the end of a relationship as the end of the world. Psychologists believe that a more open family environment and help from friends can prevent many such young people from taking a wrong step.\"The incidents of jilted lovers taking 'revenge' from a girl for rejecting them and people killing themselves have seen a tremendous rise in the last few years. This is because unlike in the West, any relationship is like an open secret in our society,\" said psychiatrist Dr Praveer Waradkar. Parents and children do not share the kind of bond where talking about the kids' love life is alright, he said stressing the need for 'upgrading' the collective and individual parenting skills to keep in tune with the changing times.Counsellor Dr Shishir Palsapure agreed with the view saying that the incidences of depression among the young adults, specially teenagers, are also rising. \"90% of those who commit suicide and most who are about to commit a homicide have a diagnosable depression. If people near them were to watch for signs in behavioural changes like social withdrawal, being upset for longer than a fortnight, inability to enjoy their favourite activities, irritability, sleeplessness, loss of appetite and weight, most of these incidents can be prevented,\" he said.\"The frustration tolerance in the present generation is very low in general. This is because they have no difficulty in getting any of their material or non-material demands fulfilled by their parents. Naturally, then when they do not get something the level of frustration goes way too high sending them into a temporary state of deep depression,\" reasoned psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bhave.He believed that mass education in spotting depression and helping those affected by it can be very helpful in avoiding many unpleasant situations from arising. \"Feelings like hopelessness, worthlessness and helplessness are sure signs of feeling disturbed by some problem and should be given due attention,\" said Bhave.Rejection is not a desirable option for anybody but the impulsiveness that is a part of youth makes it worse for the adolescents, said psychiatrist Dr Kausar Abbasi. \"The same thing happening to an older person would not elicit the same reaction. It is the lack of experience that makes these young people unable to deal with the situation. They tend to take it too personally thinking they lack something,\" he explained.For people who have the tendency to harm others rather than themselves, Abbasi advises that people around them can help restrain their action until the anger subsides. \"If required, they should not hesitate from getting professional help,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12818225", "title": "Hazaribag to get its first upscale market complex", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The foundation stone for the first-ever multi-storied market complex in Hazaribag was laid here by BJP MP Yashwant Sinha on Tuesday. The land previously belonged to Chotonagpur Bank. The bank was set up in 1913 but was liquidated later (1957) due to heavy withdrawal of money by the depositors.The district administration recently managed to acquire the land and build a multi-storied market complex for providing employment to the youths.The MP also decided to meet the cost of construction through Local Area Development funds as a gift to the local people. The complex will be constructed by the district engineer of Hazaribag special division.tnnDeputy development commissioner Hazaribag Debar Joko who was also present at the time of the ceremony said, \"The construction work will start very soon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12818312", "title": "Delay causes most deaths: Neurosurgeons", "text": "BOKARO: Neurosurgeons have observed that most road-accident victims in India die due to delay in treatment of head injuries.\"In Western countries, the death of victims from road accidents is less than India as treatment of the victims there begins in 30 minutes, but here even six hours are normal for starting treatment. Delay in treatment diminishes chances of survival,\" said Navneet Singhla, a neurosurgeon from PGIMER, Chandigarh, who was here for ANEIMIDCON 2010, organized by the Bokaro Neuro Club at Bokaro Club, on Saturday.More than 140 neurosurgeons, neuropsychiatrists and neurophysicians from north and eastern India participated in the conference inaugurated by chief guest Trishit Roy, adviser of the Bangur Institute of Neurology, Kolkata. Apart from him, Dr S K Gupta from PGIMER, Dr Kameshwar Prasad, Dr M V Padma and Dr Manjiri Tripathi of AIIMS, Delhi, Mathew Alexander of the Vellore Institute of Medical Science, Rahul Gupta and Debashish Chatterjee of G B Pant Hospital, and other personalities attended the conference.The theme of the conference was 'Stroke and headache with recent advances in neurosurgery and neurology', but the surgeons have also come out with their experiences on other critical diseases like brain tumor and other problems related to brain and spine. The surgeons also threw light on newly introduced surgical techniques like fluorescent utilization, which brings perfection in surgeries and others, said Dr Anand Kumar, an organizer and neurosurgeon. He said that in almost all the hospitals, 30 per cent patients who get admitted with injuries in accidents were found in inebriated condition and are aged between 25 to 35 years.Dr Gupta said, \"Brain tumor is also a growing neuro problem these days. About two lakh patients every year in India suffer from the disease. Change in lifestyle and mobile radiation are causing brain tumors. The hospitals in India are no more deprived in terms of technology. The hospitals here have all the hi-tech medical instruments which have made diagnosing of the diseases easier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817209", "title": "Woman sub-inspector's transfer reverted", "text": "CHENNAI: A sub-inspector of the Thousand Lights police station, who was transferred to Chintadripet for doing her duty despite political pressure, has been posted back to Thousand Lights.East zone joint commissioner S N Seshasai summoned the sub-inspector, Meena Priya, and Thousand Lights inspector R Gunavarman for a formal inquiry and the order posting her to Chintadripet was cancelled and she was posted back to Thousand Lights police station. She has also got a place in the special squad of the Triplicane deputy commissioner.A TOI report on Saturday had said Meena Priya was transferred to Chintadripet on the intervention of a senior AIADMK MLA from the city.On Wednesday last, Priya was returning to the police station when she saw Reeta Miller, an AIADMK worker, and Selvarani quarrelling on Greames Road. When her attempts to stop the fight failed, the women were taken to the police station where they abused Priya. When they were booked for creating nuisance in public, Reeta called up a politician who apparently asked her to give the cellphone to the SI. When Priya refused to take the call, the politician called up senior police officers and demanded action against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819002", "title": "When the Beatles were turned away", "text": "Guitar groups are on their way out, Mr Epstein.\" With that airy dismissal of the Beatles, supposedly directed 50 years ago at the group's manager Brian Epstein, Dick Rowe of Decca made himself unwittingly but enduringly synonymous with catastrophic commercial misjudgements.He might be honorary president of an unenviable club that includes all the publishers who turned down a book about a boy wizard by a hopeful young writer called Joanne Rowling, and indeed William Orton, the president of the Western Union, who in 1876 decided not to pay $100,000 for Alexander Graham Bell's patent for the telephone, declaring the apparatus little more than a toy. Two years later an anguished Orton admitted that he would consider the patent a bargain at $25m.Rowe was Decca's talent-spotter , and whether he was actually responsible for those famously non-prescient words, we'll never know. They were certainly quoted by Epstein, in his 1964 autobiography A Cellarful of Noise. But Rowe went to his grave in 1986 denying it.The story will be clarified by Mark Lewisohn, the British author who probably knows more about the Beatles than anyone alive, including Sir Paul Mc-Cartney and Ringo Starr, in the forthcoming first volume of his long-awaited three-part history of the group. Lewisohn points out that in some respects it was the Beatles who turned down Decca. Rowe had offered to press their records, but at their expense, not Decca's .The Beatles had auditioned for Decca . They performed 15 songs but didn't give a particularly good account of themselves . George Martin, their producer at EMI, told Lewisohn that, on the basis of those demos, he would have turned them down, too. Despite that, and despite the fact that Rowe wasn't even present at the audition, his is the name generally besmirched in the story.Like the music industry, the publishing industry overflows with such tales. It was doubtless of little consolation at the time, but JK Rowling was in illustrious company when 15 publishers rejected Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. \"The girl doesn't , it seems to me, have a special perception or feeling which would lift that book above the 'curiosity' level,\" was one publisher's brusque assessment of The Diary of Anne Frank. More than a dozen others reached a similar conclusion about a book that has now been translated into more than 60 languages, with more than 30 million copies sold.And Stephen King's novels haven't done badly, either, after his first, Carrie, was pompously turned down with the words: \"We are not interested in science fiction which deals with negative utopias. They do not sell.\" It was old William Orton of Western Union, though, who surely dropped the biggest clanger of all. The Bell clanger, in fact. \"After careful consideration,\" he wrote to the inventor, \"while it is a very interesting novelty, we have come to the conclusion that it has no commercial possibilities.\"A century later, the San Francisco Chronicle took a similar view of articles about the Watergate break-in by Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein. The Washington Post was syndicating their investigations , but the Chronicle's owner, Charles Thieriot, ruled that \"there will be no West Coast interest in the story\" . Instead, Woodward and Bernstein's increasingly explosive reports were carried by the rival San Francisco Examiner.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816729", "title": "New CBSE school launched with new concepts", "text": "NAGPUR: Nair's Essence International School (NEIS) is the latest entry into the highly competitive arena of private CBSE schools in Nagpur. NEIS has been launched by Nairsons, which is a well-known name in academic circles in the city. The school is being positioned as an institute which will combine psychological, physical and academic development of the students.NEIS is part of the new KG to PG (post graduation) philosophy of Nairsons Group. Susheel Nair, the group's director, said, \"In the city there is not enough space to have institutes in the same campus for a KG to PG approach. In our 40 acre place we can provide students all the educational facilities that one can think of. The Knowledge Foundation that we have set up will work towards achieving that goal.\"The school has tied up with child counsellor Rakesh Kriplani for the laboratory. He believes that children's skills should be harnessed at the right time. \"A child has multiple intelligences and we have to find out what they are really good at through evaluation. Once that is ascertained we can guide the child to focus on the chosen field thus increasing the chances of a rewarding career in future,\" added Kriplani.NEIS' 40-acre campus will also have an adventure park where children will hone their life skills as part of the curriculum itself. The school has tied up with CAC-Allrounder, a private adventure camp company, for incorporating the experiential learning model that is based on exposing the child to controlled risk with adventure activities.Amol Khante, who heads CAC, said, \"This year the school will be taking in students in the primary section and they can be exposed to controlled risk taking. The adventure park for smaller kids is totally ready in the school campus and the tasks they perform there will test their mental and physical faculty.\"Mohan Nair, the NEIS manager, said, \"Admissions have already begun for the 2012-13 academic session and 50 students have enrolled. This school is the only one in India to have a special psychometric laboratory for practical exposure which will assess students in psychometric tests, to understand their mental make-up and develop them accordingly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12824742", "title": "Why time flies while on holidays?", "text": "LONDON: Ever wondered why holidays past so quickly than usual, but remain so memorable? It may be due to the different methods your brain uses to judge the passage of time, scientists say.The phenomenon, called the holiday paradox, is linked with our perception of time and how it is affected by the number of memories we form, the researchers said.Learning to manipulate our perception of time could make our lives feel fuller and reassure those who feel that the years slip by faster as they grow older, psychologist Claudia Hammond said at the British Psychological Society conference in London. London,According to Hammond, when we are doing something new and interesting -- such as when we are on holiday -- time appears to go more quickly than when we are bored or anxious.But when we look back retrospectively, our assessment of time is based on how many individual new memories we built up during that period, she explained.In a normal fortnight the average person only accumulates between six and nine new memories because so much of what we do is routine.But on a holiday we can build up that number of memories in a single day because everything we experience is new, meaning that when we look back it will seem to have lasted much longer than it really did, the Daily Telegraph reported.\"The same happens as we get older and time starts to speed up. There are fewer memories of new things, and we do the same things more and more often,\" Hammond said.People who complain that years seem to whizz past with increasing speed could slow things down by making the most of their weekends and breaking up their daily routine, she added.\"Taking a different route to work, getting off your bus a stop early or avoiding having the same sandwich for lunch every day could make life seem a little slower,\" she noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824094", "title": "Band Nile cancels India tour", "text": "Nile, the American technical death metal band that was scheduled to perform in India in the first week of May has abruptly called of their India tour stating visa issues.In a recent release that was sent around, the band states, \"\"We are extremely sad to inform this to our fans in India that our Tour of India has been called off as the visas for 3 of the members were refused today by the Indian Embassy in Washington D.C. 2 people in the travel party were granted the visas in Houston and in Athens , but the rest were not - for reasons that none of us know . The Indian embassy has not cited any reasons for rejection of the visas. It was and is beyond the control of the band, either of the promoters or the artist management. We did all we could to make this happen and tried working on getting the 3 visas for almost a month!The promoters - Dream Rigs Entertainment (Delhi) and Obliquity India, Lanyard Entertainment and ARK Events (Bangalore) want all fans to know who have booked tickets \"online\" that they shall be refunded in full by the respective ticketing companies for Delhi and Bangalore concerts. But this is not the end and all of us are going to try to get Nile back to India.\"Though no further news on the denied visas are out, fans from all over the country are furious. Abe John, an IT professional who was planning his week in Bengaluru around the concert says, \"\"This is not the first time that International performers have had to call off their India tour because of visa issues. And on the other hand we all complain that no international artist comes to India to perform. Well, if our suits are so hell bent on mistreating or denying entry to people, art forms or music that they don't understand, so much for the tall claims that we are opening up.\"\" Either way, it's a major disappointment for fans who have been waiting for the gig all this while.Nile formed in their hometown of Greenville in 1993. With their self-proclaimed trademark of \"\"Ithyphallic metal,\"\" Karl Sanders (guitar/vocals), Chief Spires (bass/vocals), and Pete Hammoura (drums) debuted with their Festivals of Atonement EP in 1995, leading Nile to a southwestern tour in support of other big metal acts such as Obituary, Deicide, and Broken Hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827243", "title": "Changes in platform schedule of trains", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Owing to the construction of washable aprons on platform number 7 of Allahabad railway junction, there would be no movement of trains on this platform from April 23 to June 6. As a result, trains scheduled to arrive on this platform would be diverted to other platforms of the junction.The changes include: train numbers 11093 Mahanagri Express, 11045 Deeksha Bhoomi Express, 14259 Rameshwaram-Varanasi Express, 12670 Ganga-Cauvery Express, and 16359 Eranakulum-Patna Express would now reach platform 10 instead of platform number 7.Further, train numbers 13201 Rajendra Nagar-LTT Express, 14126 Saryu Express, 18201,18205 Durg-Nautanva Express, 14209/14210 Lucknow-Vindhyachal Express and 14005 Lichchavi Express would also now arrive at platform 10.Also, train number 12295 Sanghamitra Express, whose arrival time is about 2:00am, and 11071 Kamayani Express, would now reach platform number 2, while train numbers 12561/12562 Swatantra Senani Express and 12791 Secundrabad-Patna Express would now arrive at platform 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12824731", "title": "Assess true worth of home makers, says Odisha HC chief justice to legal fraternity", "text": "MANGALORE: Is the legal system making a true assessment of homemakers when it comes to awarding compensation to their kin in the eventuality of their demise in an accident? No says Justice Gopal Gowda, Chief Justice of Odisha High Court. A homemaker as housewives are referred to these days plays multi-faceted roles right from being a cook, nurse, manager and her true worth because she has no income of her own cannot be underestimated.Inaugurating a two-day regional advocates conference 2012 organised by the Karnataka State Bar Council here on Sunday, Justice Gopal said even the apex court as late as last year has upheld the view that homemakers cannot be treated as mere house wives because they are not in public employment or draw a salary slip. The judiciary or appellate tribunals handing out notional compensation based on such hackneyed notions is not justified, he noted.Observing that there is a pendency of nearly 3 crore cases of all types in courts across India, including 10 lakh cases filed under the Motor Vehicles Act, Justice Gopal said in certain instances, cases filed under the MV Act are not disposed in 25-years. The Act mandates that cases filed under it should be disposed in six months, he said, adding that such delays defeats the very purpose of next of kin of an accident victim moving the court for relief.Aim of the judiciary in the long run should be to provide relief to common man; he said adding it is imperative that advocates help the judicial system in quick disposal of cases. \"Our aim should be to achieve socio-economic-political justice for all classes of society,\" he said adding that there are a large number of people waiting in queues seeking justice. \"The district and the lower judiciary can play a vital role in speeding up disposal of cases,\" he pointed.Heart of the judiciary is with the Bar, Justice Gopal said, adding that the judges in turn must understand the lawyers and the litigants. \"Judges should be diplomatic,\" he said, adding that their actions should be transparent where all justice seekers are treated alike. Judges should not hide behind technicalities and use technology to fullest; Justice Gopal said adding that senior members of the bar too should help in the justice dispensation system.Justice S Abdul Nazeer of Karnataka High Court pointed that quality of lawyers determines quality if justice and dispensation of justice is a joint venture of judiciary and the advocates. Lawyers should be men of understanding. Ashok K Parija, former president of Bar Council of India said punishment of criminal law is outdated and the parliament should revisit the issue. Anand Kumar Magdum Appu, president, Karnataka State Bar Council presided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12791432", "title": "Hansika hikes her fee to 75 lakhs", "text": "Oru Kal Oru Kannadi is a runaway success. The Ok Ok team is now currently touring the southern parts of Tamil Nadu and Udhayanidhi is visiting theatres to thank the audience for the success.Meanwhile, we hear that the actress in the film, Hansika, has apparently hiked her fees! According to sources, she got Rs 40 lakhs for Rajesh's Ok Ok. With the movie being a runaway hit, the actress is looking to hit the Rs 1 crore club soon. And as a first step, she is said to be asking for Rs 75 lakhs.But an industry source say, \"This is her first solo hit in Tamil. I don't think she can command rs 75 lakhs so easily, it will take a few more hits for her to reach the level of Kajal or Tamannaah.\" Currently, the actress is working with Simbu in Vettai Mannan. We'll have to wait and watch how that turns out!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816875", "title": "Relatives protest against doctors after woman delivers dead baby at home", "text": "JAIPUR: Angry relatives of a woman who gave birth to a dead baby protested at the Community Health Centre (CHC) in Chaksu alleging carelessness against the doctors and demanded action on Saturday.A pregnant 24-year-old woman Zarina, resident of Chaksu had gone for medical check-up at the Chaksu CHC. But, since she was 8 months pregnant, the doctors did not admit her. On returning home she delivered a dead baby on Friday night.Zarina's relatives levelled charges of carelessness against the doctors in CHC. They said that the doctors should have admitted her when she came to the CHC. The relatives protested at the CHC and demanded action against the doctors. Later, police and the district administration officials also reached the spot and calmed down the protestors.Sub-divisional magistrate Sanjay Mathur said, \"We have sent the relatives' complaint to the medical, health and family welfare department and also to Jaipur collector for investigation.\"CHC incharge Dr Abha Sethi denied the allegation. She said, \"Since the woman was eight and a-half-months pregnant, there was time for her delivery. Also, the pregnant woman did not complain about any complications or pain. So, she was given some medicines and sent home.\"Chaksu Municipal Council chairman Abdul Hamid Khokhar said, \"The woman's family is poor.\" Since, in Rajasthan infant mortality rate and maternal mortality ratio is well above the national average, last year the state government introduced Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana under which there are provisions for cashless deliveries which include free tests and transportation for safe deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12817400", "title": "CBI raids UCO Bank officials in Indore, Hyderabad", "text": "INDORE: In raids on UCO bank premises and residences of bank officials, the CBI sleuths seized documents related to sanctioning of loans allegedly using forged documents on Saturday here. Simultaneous raids were conducted at the UCO bank's Hyderabad office and a residence of a senior official.The bank had lodged a complaint with the CBI on March 31 last. The bank in its complaint alleged that some of its officials, in connivance with civilians and empanelled advocates of bank, processed and disbursed four shelter loans and eight mortgage loans amounting to Rs 3.91 crore producing forged title deeds of the properties offered as securities.In the complaint, it was said that the borrowers fraudulently and dishonestly obtained multiple finances mortgaging same properties with different banks. The borrowers offered the forged documents of same properties to the UCO bank thereby cheating the bank. The complaint alleged that the UCO bank officials intentionally did not obtain prior approval to sanction these loans from higher authorities in order to conceal their misdeeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12817380", "title": "Backache? Blame it on heavy school bags", "text": "INDORE: Many professionals and schoolchildren are putting their back at risk. Blame it to heavy school bags and laptops that triggers back problems which often aggravate with age.Moreover, backache has become a reason for distorted posture and physically inactiveness. According to health experts, excessive load on back or shoulder can cause back injury or lead to excessive ache if carried for more than two minutes.Dr Pravesh Kanthed, a pain specialist at Choithram Hospital and Research Centre, says, \"Heavy weight on back can alter bio-mechanics of spine and hinder musculo-skeletal growth as well. People carry laptops bags on one side of the shoulder which affects the back. Excessive and uneven weights have been linked with an increased risk of back trouble and deformation of the spine in school children.\"In a survey conducted recently by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India on 2,000 children between the age group of five and 12 years, it has been found that over 82% of children carrying as much as 35 % of their weight on the back risk backache. It is also evident from their heavy luggage that majority of the private schools are violating education norms of Central government Children's School Bag Act 2006.Doctors suggest a few relief measures like regular exercise, maintaining right posture and healthy diet for the backache problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12818415", "title": "Pak plane crash: Met alerts were thrown to the wind?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Bhoja Air plane that crashed went into a sudden dive shortly before it disappeared from the radar screen and slammed into the ground on Friday, a senior aviation official said on Saturday.It suddenly dropped from 2,900 feet to 2,000 feet after it was cleared to land Islamabad on Friday, Civil Aviation Authority director general Nadeem Yousufzai said. \"What was the reason, was it a downdraft or an engine failure ?\"he asked.Meanwhile, director general of the meteorological department Arif Mehmood said the civil aviation authority had been twice warned about adverse weather conditions over Islamabad air space on Friday, Geo New reported.Both warnings stated the wind pressure was extremely high, he said. \"The plane should have been directed to land at an alternate airport, the Allama Iqbal Airport in Lahore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816620", "title": "Couple tested positive for swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: Two more people from the city have been tested positive for swine flu . A couple from the city is affected by the virus, taking the number of people affected by the disease this season to five.The husband has been declared positive by the National Institute of Virology (NIV) and the wife's reports are awaited. She had been declared positive by a private laboratory but as per the norm her stats needs to be confirmed by NIV. Even before being admitted to a private hospital for fever and body ache, the woman had undergone the test.Earlier this week, both of them were admitted to a hospital, from where they were shifted to one of the private hospitals designated to treat people with the disease. The patients have known to be in contact with a relative who was H1N1 positive. Both the patients are stable and their condition is improving, assured the doctors attending them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818696", "title": "Middleman told to refund commission, pay Rs 10k as costs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Middlemen are liable to refund the entire amount of commission received from a customer in consideration of hiring a house on rent for him, even if the customer does not like the accommodation and refuses to occupy the house at last moment.It was held by district consumer forum-II Chandigarh headed by president Lakshman Sharma after allowing a complaint of Sector 38 West resident Sajjan Singh.Forum has also directed the Sector-56 based commission agent Navi Singh to refund Rs 10,000 charged from the complaint and pay Rs 10,000 as compensation and litigation cost to the complainant for mental agony.Complainant had approached the respondent who was a property dealer and commission agent for hiring his service for taking an accommodation on rent. He was shown one accommodation in Sector 51, Chandigarh, for which respondent agent demanded a sum of Rs 10,000 on account of one month rent plus security and his commission in advance. The complainant paid the said amount to the agent but according to the complainant he did not like the said accommodation and refused to occupy the same. Thereafter, complainant requested the respondent to refund Rs10,000 paid by him but they refused to do so.The complainant also reported the matter to police where the agent admitted receiving Rs 10,000 from the complainant. Finally, he approached the consumer forum alleging that he was not refunded the amount, which amounts to deficiency in service and unfair trade practice.After hearing the complaint, the forum held that in these circumstances non-refund of the amount by the agent to the complainant amounts to deficiency in service as well as unfair trade practice. Forum directed Navi Singh to refund Rs 10,000 along with Rs 10,000 as compensation for mental agony and litigation cost to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818118", "title": "Oil tanker rams into auto, two killed", "text": "KOLKATA: An oil tanker driver allegedly ran a red signal and crashed into an autorickshaw in north Kolkata early Saturday morning, killing two persons. Eyewitnesses say that the two passengers in the auto and the driver were thrown in the impact but would have survived. The tanker driver, in his hurry to get away, allegedly ran over them as they lay helpless on the road. Police chased the tanker and arrested the driver, Narayan Jha. Two years ago, a policeman was killed on the same spot when a truck jumped a signal and collided with his vehicle at dawn.The auto driver, 27-year-old Ganganath Jha, was a resident of Khanna area. He and his brother plied the Ultadanga-Sovabazar route. Around 5.55am on Saturday, Ganganath was driving along Aurobindo Sarani when the oil tanker sped in from Dinendra Street and rammed the auto on the right side. The three-wheeler overturned and Ganganath and the two passengers were thrown off.\"The tanker driver swerved past the auto and tried to escape, but Ganganath and a passenger, who was sitting with him in the front seat, were crushed under the rear wheels,\" said an eyewitness. The second passenger, a woman sitting in the back, survived miraculously with minor scratches and bruises. Many locals said that the tanker had jumped the signal.Police alerted patrol vans and wireless units, who intercepted the tanker at Manicktala and arrested the driver. Ganganath's brother Debsundar rushed to the scene after hearing from neighbours and recognized his blood-smeared shoe. He then called his brother's cellphone. The police answered and told him that he had been declared dead on arrival at RG Kar Hospital. The other victim, said to be a 42-year-old, has not been identified yet.Auto drivers stopped plying on the route for hours accusing police of failing to stop rash driving by truckers. \"We are investigating whether the tanker jumped a signal,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819036", "title": "Why the 200-year-old taste shop won\u2019t budge", "text": "Soot-covered ceiling. Cramped seating. Paranthas fried in ghee. If all this turns you off food, then you won't appreciate the old-world charms of Pandit Gaya Prasad Shiv Charan Paranthewala, est. 1872. \"We have not changed the look because our customers like it this way,\" says Manish Sharma, the sixth-generation owner of the shop in Paranthewali Gali, Delhi-6 . \"It gives them the feel they have travelled here for.\" Even the menu hasn't changed much - paranthas are still served with the same three varieties of vegetables, pickle and kele ki saunth along with a glass of lassi.But then, nostalgia usually comes served in generous helpings in Chandni Chowk. As it does in the old bylanes of other cities of India. What keeps these family-run , one-shop eateries going for generations?Pushpesh Pant, who teaches at Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University and writes regularly on food, says that the location in the bylanes of the old city adds to the USP and makes claims of traditional antiquity credible. \"These outlets have survived largely because they have acquired iconic status. It's part nostalgia, part myth-making and, in some cases, clever media manipulation too.\"But who's complaining? Sandeep Thakkar, a 40-year-old businessman who has travelled all the way from Gurgaon for a plateful of Karachi halwa at Chaina Ram's in Chandni Chowk, thanks the Delhi metro for making the place accessible. \"We used to come here at night during our college days. Our other haunt was Karim's ,\" he says.In Ahmedabad, Nilay Vyas, 43, who now lives far away from the walled city, makes it a point to visit the 113-year-old Chandravilas eatery a few times every year. \"It is a tradition. My dad had introduced me to the thali here. The taste has stayed since then. I now bring my children here.\" Pant says the younger generation, tiring of western fast foods, is rediscovering the joys of ethnic foods. \"That's the reason the clientele doesn't dwindle. And tourists keep streaming in to try anything once.\"The families, on their part, take pride in a loyal clientele built over generations. And the \"personal touch\" that ensures customers get exactly what they came looking for. \"We religiously follow the basic principles chalked out by our great-grandfather ,\" says Ravi Thakar, 27, an MBA who has recently joined the family business - Joshi Jayshankar Dhanji Bhajiyawala in Surat's Chauta Bazaar. \"The presence of a family member is a must for tasting every item before it's put on sale.We sleep after everyone else has gone to sleep and wake up before others . We have no holidays. Also, the customer is king, irrespective of whether he is a labourer or a 'sethiya' . If we get a complaint even after three days, we replace it with a fresh batch or return the money.\"It's a work ethic that has served them well. And there are no plans of branching out. \"We are happy to be where we are,\" says Nirmal Jain of Delhi's Ghantewala, that has been in business for the past 222 years. Anupam Sharma, proprietor of Mumbai's 164-year-old Pancham Puriwala, says their location (near Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus) has been a \"blessing and is auspicious for us. So moving out is out of question.\"However, a few of these old establishments face different challenges. Paranthewali Gali, for instance , boasts only four shops out of the original 16. Which is why paranthewala man Manish Sharma is not so sure whether \"our future generations will like to continue here. But we have grown up in these areas and love being here. Plus, there is an optimal level to which we can make money in our business, and we are able to do that here.\" Expansion plans, it seems, can wait indefinitely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818682", "title": "Showing their love for earth", "text": "Specially-abled take part in workshopSpecially-abled students from the Institute for the Blind, joined their peers from several other schools at the Butterfly Park in Sector 26, Chandigarh, to participate in a nature workshop on Saturday. With the theme, \"Mobilize the earth: Reconnecting with nature\" this event was organized by a social group Deeksha in association with the Department of Environment, Chandigarh. Earth Day Network was a partner in organizing the unique workshop. Besides, specially-abled children, nearly 250 students from schools including Carmel Convent and St Stephen's also attended the unique workshop on nature conservation.The event was packed with fun-filled activities for the children which included building a bird's house using green coconut shells, working hands-on with mud and creating pots on the potter's wheel and planting herbal plants. The workshop started with an informative quiz to give children knowledge on various environmental issues. Children then proceeded to plant a sapling in a pot to be carried home with a promise to care and nurture it. Nuvreet Parmar, a student of Class XI of Army Public School, Chandimandir, gave an inspiring talk-cum-demonstration on making a beautiful bird house using the shell of a green coconut.Games to promote cyclingAround 500 students of over 30 schools participated in various events as a part of the 7th Inter School Bicycle Games on Saturday. Organized by Yuvsatta in association with Department of Environment and Earth Day Network, the games were held to mark Earth Day and Global Youth Service Day.Pramod Sharma, coordinator Yuvsatta, shared that every year to promote the culture of cycling in the city they organize these fun games which includes slow cycling, zig-zag race, exchanging balls while cycling, riding on just one tyre and bicycle decoration contests. Santosh Kumar, director, Department of Environment and Conservator of Forests, Chandigarh administration felicitated the winners. Addressing the students he said, \"Many of us will mark World Earth Day based on our concerns over climate change, environmental destruction or dangers to our food supply, but it's a time to consider our record as keepers of our lands and waters, a world blessed with bountiful natural resources.\"Three schools - Sri Aurobindo School, New Public School and GMSSS-21 - were honoured as \"Overall Best Schools\" for winning the maximum number of prizes.Contests to create awarenessWater Conservation Week and Earth Day were observed at AKSIPS 45, where a number of activities were organized. These included planting saplings in school, paper reading and extempore contests on the topics like \"How to save the earth\", \"Save Water\", \"Causes of various pollutions and their prevention\", \"Plant Trees - Save the Earth\", and other related topics. A rally was also organized by students to make people aware of ways in which they can save the earth and conserve water through placards and slogans. Students also interacted with residents of Sector 50 and distributed cards in nearby areas explaining various ways to save the earth and water.Rally to save earth and waterAshmah International School, Mohali, celebrated World Earth Day to spread the urgency of saving the planet earth. School students took out a rally holding placards on saving earth from pollution and wastage of water. People were encouraged to reflect on future situation wherein there would be lesser water and lesser green cover if we continue to use up natural resources at this maddening speed. Students also paraded to the light junction of Sector 70 and educated people the benefits of turning off their vehicles while waiting at traffic lights, to lessen the pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816851", "title": "ATM theft bid foiled; 5 arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough, the police foiled an attempt uproot an ATM in the Mansarovar area and arrested five persons along with the equipment.During the night patrolling in the early hours on Saturday, the Mansarovar police spotted some suspicious activities going on at the State Bank of India (SBI) ATM situated inside the Ganga Jamuna petrol pump. They saw some persons standing outside the ATM with three others inside. Without wasting any time the whole team reached the spot and found some men cutting the lower part of the ATM with the help of gas cutter and other instruments.Additional Deputy Commissioner, Dharmendra Sagar was passing through the area when he spotted more than five people at the ATM. Some other officials were also with him. \"He took his vehicle away from the ATM, switched off its lights and kept an eye on the activities going on inside. Soon after a police team led by him cordoned the area and nabbed the accused red-handed,\" a senior officer said.\"We have seized an iron gas cutter, an iron rod and a drill machine from them. The accused were Guddu Shah (21), Asif Khan (22), Sameer (19), Afzal Khan (19), and Firoz Khan (22),\" the officer added.It may be mentioned that the crime spot was just a few kms away from the ICICI ATM where almost six months back unknown assailants had uprooted the whole ATM.\"In this case they had decided to cut the ATM from various sides to get to the main cash box inside the machine,\" the officer said.Police added the ATM contained nearly Rs 15 lakh when the burglars tried to cut it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12818139", "title": "Qualifiers for international tennis tournament commence", "text": "MADURAI: Qualifying rounds for the TVS - ITF Futures Championship 2012 commenced in the city on Saturday.Among the 32 main draw players in the tournament, eight have to be selected from the qualifiers, where 25 players will toil hard in the court to get selected for the main draw. From the 25 players, there are a few from countries like Austria, USA and Portugal, while among the 24 players already selected for the main draw based on international ranking, there are players from countries like China, Brazil, Germany, USA, Austria, Spain, Switzerland and Croatia , organisers said.Inaugurating the qualifiers, Karthi P Chidambaram, vice president of All India Tennis Association and Tamil Nadu Tennis Association said that it was the first time such an international tournament was being held in Madurai and other tier 2 cities. \"We are promoting tennis in tier 2 cities through such measures. It is a good opportunity for Indian players to secure international points by playing in their home turf,\" he said. tnn \"Organizing a tennis tournament is rather hard in this country, as sponsors prefer cricket. With the support of private companies, it was possible to host the tournament.After Trichy, the tournament has been held in Madurai, and the tournament in Chennai will follow\", he mentioned.R Subramanian, organising secretary of the event, said the players will aim for international points they will get by qualifying for the main draw. \"At present, we see tennis being promoted as a sport in many tier 2 cities also. Indian and foreign players consider these tournaments as good opportunities to gain international points\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "12818072", "title": "CPM leader held in Jamuria", "text": "ASANSOL: Senior CPM leader and former chairman of Jamuria Municipality, Tapas Kabi, was arrested on Friday night for his involvement in the clash between the CPM and the Trinamool Congress supporters at Mondolpur and Benali village on Friday.Eight other CPM supporters and four workers of Trinamool Congress were also arrested.Kabi and the 12 other accused were produced in Asansol court on Saturday and sent to jail. The court has also asked for the case diary on Monday.Speaking at a press conference on Saturday, Asansol MP Bansa Gopal Chowdhury said that senior CPM leaders were not safe in the state anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12818305", "title": "Discrepancy in paddy purchase: Probe panel", "text": "RAMGARH: A probe panel headed by additional collector Yugal Kishore Choubey and constituted by DC Amitabh Kaushal with circle officers of Ramgarh, Gola, Mandu and Patratu as members has found irregularities in paddy purchase for four blocks by the district agriculture department through the Primary Agricultural Cooperative Society (PACS).The committee scrutinized documents on paddy purchase and verified the stocks in the blocks of Ramgarh, Gola, Mandu and Patratu to find that huge quantity of paddy had only been purchased on paper and was missing from the actual stock.The report submitted to the DC said 70,753 quintals of paddy were purchased by the district agriculture department through 14 PACSs in four blocks out of which 39,787 quintals were sent to different rice mills. A total of 30,966 quintals of paddy were kept as stock in respective blocks, but a huge stock of paddy was found missing during verification.The report submitted to the DC revealed that though 30,966 quintals of paddy stock was mentioned in the purchase papers the panel found zero stock during verification in Mandu. Again in Gola, a total of 6,357 quintals of paddy was described in purchase files but the probe panel found only 1,405 quintals in the stock during verification. A similar situation was found in Patratu block where, out of a total of 3,444 quintals of paddy stock mentioned, only 90kg stock was verified.Choubey said the panel has submitted its report to the DC. \"We found paddy missing from the stock. Though purchase coupons were issued to farmers, the paddy was not supplied to the department. The issue is under the DC's consideration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12817242", "title": "Art from trash", "text": "Be it an empty egg carton or an old gumboot, Chitra Mandanna throws nothing away. She turns them into pieces of art. Mandanna belongs to a group of artists who recycle domestic waste, industrial scrap and discarded electrical waste to create art. She is one of 15 artists who are displaying their works at the Re-start Earth exhibition that was inaugurated at Gallery Art &amp; Soul on Saturday on Earth Day.\"I try to 'up-cycle' and re-use anything,\" says Mandanna, 37, whose work using cassette tape, egg cartons and old newspaper is on display.City-based artist Jacob Jebaraj has been working with scrap material for more than 10 years. Recently, he finished a large 14-ft by 8-ft installation called 'Tribute to the Wheel Barrow' at the MARG Swarnabhoomi Campus off ECR.\"There were lots of old wheel barrows lying around,\" says Jebaraj. \"The idea is to find value in discarded materials,\" he says. Shylaja Chetlur, copromoter and creative director of Gallery Art &amp; Soul says that the art show is an attempt to encourage people to reuse waste. \"Recycled art is a part of our culture and women have used everything from beads to zari from old sarees to create decorative pieces,\" says Chetlur. Jebaraj says that recycled art is one of the cultural initiatives that have come up in the last decade.\"There was a lull in the Chennai art scene after the Madras Art Movement which brought modernism to south India between the 1960s and 1980s. This is an effort to come up with alternative forms of art,\" he says.Though the market for such works is limited, awareness about them is increasing, says Chetlur. \"Acclaimed artists such as Delhibased Vivan Sundaram have been using dumpyard waste for a while,\" she says. Sundaram's recent exhibition, inspired by Lady Gaga has dresses made using truck tyre tubes, loofahs and surgical masks.Artists say that the idea is about creating awareness. Artist K Sasikumar, 43, has used metal rods sourced from scrap shops to create his installation displayed at the art show. \"We can live in balance with nature only if we maximise the utility of resources and reduce the amount of waste,\" says Sasikumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817190", "title": "Chief information commissioner appointment may hit a roadblock", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government move to appoint chief information commissioner (CIC) by the end of April may hit a roadblock with the Supreme Court stating Friday that it would lay down guidelines to ensure that posts of information commissioners at the centre and state commissions do not become \"property of a political set-up\".The post of state's CIC is lying vacant following the retirement of P P Tiwari on March 26 this year. There are strong indications that chief secretary Avani Vaish, who is scheduled to retire on April 30, is in the race for the top RTI Commission post. While an information commissioner Mahesh Pandey relinquished his post on February 24 as his tenure ended, nine posts of information commissioners are also lying vacant in the state.The apex court bench, comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukopadhaya on Friday made it clear that the court would now \"lay down the law,\" taking strong exception to the manner in which candidates were being hand-picked by governments without making vacancies for appointment of information commissioners under the RTI Act known to the public. The court's observations came while hearing an appeal by those whose appointment as commissioners to the Tamil Nadu information commission was set aside by the TN high court.\"Now, the state government cannot take any decision in haste. For the sake of ensuring greater transparency in the appointments under the historic transparency law, either the state will now have to wait till Supreme Court lays down the guidelines or it would have to follow the procedure adopted by the Department of Personnel and Training (DOPT) for appointment of commissioners to the central information commission,\" RTI activist Ajay Dubey told TOI.\"We will submit a memorandum to the Governor soon, seeking a freeze on all appointments to state information commission till the Supreme Court laid down the guidelines,\" he said.RTI activists had already submitted a memorandum to the state government in November last year, pointing out lack of transparency in the selection and appointment of information commissioners and demanding action to ensure that appointments are made in a fair and transparent manner. Subsequently, the governor had forwarded the memorandum to the chief minister's office.Bureaucratic circles are tight-lipped over immediate fallout of the SC move to frame guidelines as name of incumbent state chief secretary Avani Vaish, IAS officer of 1975 batch, is already in circulation for state CIC post.\"I think you are putting the cart before the horse. As of now, the procedures for selection are clearly mentioned in the RTI Act. It's a matter to be examined whether the procedure for appointments to information commissions in all states could be stalled till formulation of any such guidelines by the court,\" quipped a senior state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816792", "title": "7-year-old raped by ragpicker", "text": "JAIPUR: A unconscious seven-year old girl was found bleeding at the Chandni Chowk in Manak Chowk police station area on Saturday morning after she was allegedly raped by a ragpicker. The girl's parents spotted her lying under a tree and informed the police. The accused is yet to be arrested.According to the police, the girl's parents are also ragpickers. \"She used to sleep on pavements with her parents. The parents have accused another ragpicker Dinesh alias Sonu of raping the girl. Dinesh used to call her mother his sister,\" additional DCP (north) Madan Gopal said. who used to call the girl's mother his sister of the rape,\" Add DCP, north Madan Gopal said.The officer said around 7pm on Friday Dinesh took the girl to the market and told the mother he would get the child chocolates, but did not return. telling her mother that he would get the child some chocolates around 7 pm on Friday. However, he did not return.\"The parents kept searching for the girl and Dinesh throughout the night. On Saturday early morning she was found unconscious at Chandni Chowk area,\" the officer said.The girl was rushed to SMS Hospital. in an ambulance. She was unconscious and bleeding.\"She was unconscious till late afternoon. Now, she can speak a bit, but is still under shock. Her statement is yet to be recorded,\" he said.The parents have registered an FIR with the police against Dinesh under Section 376 of IPC. \"He is missing. Teams have been constituted in his search. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817051", "title": "Govt ready to face strike by petrol pump owners", "text": "LUCKNOW: Principal secretary, food and civil supplies Archana Agarwal on Saturday said that the government has made adequate arrangements in the wake of proposed state-wide strike by petrol pump owners on April 23. She said that in order to ensure that problems are not faced by people, oil companies have decided to open their outlets for 24 hours. Adequate availability of petrol and diesel at petrol pumps have been made and district magistrates directed to oversee the arrangements.Arrangements have also been made at terminals of all petrol companies to ensure continuous and adequate supply of diesel/petrol to all districts in the state.The principal secretary said that all petrol companies have appointed their regional managers and other senior officials at the company run petrol outlets to ensure uninterrupted petrol and diesel supply to the consumers.She said that all district magistrates have been directed to deploy adequate police force in their districts to maintain law and order and to ward of any untoward incident in the wake of the proposed strike. The government has asked all divisional commissioners to ensure that the people do not face any difficulty in getting petrol and diesel, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12820780", "title": "Shahid files a complaint against Raj Kumar's daughter", "text": "In the past few weeks, Vastavikta, the daughter of actor Raj Kumar, has scaled his building wall, blocked his car, and followed him to shootsOn the behalf of the Jab We Met actor, his manager submitted the complaint accusing the actress of harassing Kapoor.According to the complaint, the trouble started nine months ago when Vastavikta, who made her Bollywood debut in the supernatural thriller Eight, moved next to the actor's apartment building, Raj Classique, on Yari Road. Vastavikta claims to be Shahid Kapoor's wife and has allegedly been following him to his shoots and waiting for the actor at the gate of his building.Sources close to her family said that she fell in love with the Kaminey actor when she first met him at Shiamak Davar's dance classes a few years ago. She believes that she is married to him.A family friend told Mumbai Mirror that her mother had even written an apology note to Shahid for Vastavikta's behaviour. After shifting into a house close to Shahid's apartment, she barred her family to interfere in her personal life or even come to her apartment, saying that her husband Shahid does not like it.A close friend of Shahid said that Vastavikta would wait for the actor outside his building's gate, block his car's path and even follow him when he went for a shoot.But the matter came to a head last week when she scaled the society's wall and dodged the security guards to reach the actor's apartment on the 13th floor.\"Shahid did not want to file the complaint but he had no choice as it had gone on for too long,\" the friend said.While Shahid was not available for comment, one of Vastavikta's family members said that she was not mad, but was crazy about the actor.Vastavikta has a degree in Arts from S.I.T Manhattan, New York . She has attended workshops with Satyadev Dubey and Shernaz Patel. She also learnt jazz under Shiamak Davar.Senior police inspector Nankumar Mhetar of Versova Police Station said, \"We have filed a non-cognisable complaint after a letter from Shahid Kapoor submitted by his manager. We have called the girl, but she was not at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817889", "title": "Watchman murdered at under construction Surat Municipal Corporation auditorium", "text": "SURAT: Body of a watchman was found at Surat Municipal Corporation's under construction auditorium in Pal area here on Saturday. The victim was murdered by another watchman, who is on the run, police said.Satyendra Rai's body was recovered from a room at Sanjeev Kumar auditorium. The victim is believed to have been murdered at around 2.30 am.The details about the deceased were collected from his ration card.Rai had been hired by the project contractor. He stayed in a room for watchmen at a nearby apartment. Police have identified Rushikesh Pathak as the murderer, who killed Rai by hitting him with a heavy wooden stick on head. The victim died on the spot.The victim and the accused both belong to Madhya Pradesh. Police are trying to find out more details about the deceased and the accused.\"We are searching for the relatives and friends of the deceased and the accused. The victim and the accused both are from the same place. We want to question their relatives and friends to know about the reason that led to the murder,\" police inspector, Adajan, S J Baloch said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819252", "title": "Welcome to the \u2018green republic\u2019", "text": "No one had really told me about the 'Republic' when quite by happenstance 12 years ago I moved to Takoma Park, a leafy suburb just outside Washington DC. I learned of it during a phone interview with Ralph Nader , then perennial Green presidential candidate. \"Ah! The People's Republic of Takoma Park!\" he exclaimed, after I told him where I live. \"I get plenty of votes from there.\" Just as well he didn't use the whole moniker, The People's Socialist, Liberal, and Very Green Republic of Takoma Park, which is what I found it to be in due course.Settling into Takoma Park, also known as Azalea City for the abundance of flowers in spring (when it can also be called Pollen Central if you are susceptible to allergies), one hears echoes of eco concerns at all times, from every corner. One of the first things you learn is that Takoma Park is a nuclear-free zone. Yes. Rest of America can proliferate all it wants and go to hell, but according to Ordinance No. 2703, also known as The Takoma Park Nuclear Free Zone Act, \"no nuclear weapons shall be produced, transported , stored, processed, disposed of, nor used within the City of Takoma Park. No facility, equipment, components, supplies or substance for the production, transportation, storage, processing, disposal or use of nuclear weapons shall be allowed.... \"The city has an active Nuclear Free Zone Committee which castigates the US government for its abundance of nukes, advocates nuclear disarmament and forbids purchases from nuclear weaponsrelated companies. Contractors working for the city must also sign a notarized document that they are not \"engaged in the development, research, production, maintenance, storage, transportation and/or disposal of nuclear weapons or their components.\" Violations will invite a municipal infraction citation and a fine of $100 for each day of violation.The city also operates its own compost recycling programme and has a corn silo because many of the homes are heated by cornburning stoves even in this era of modern gas and electric-fired homes. It has its own weekly farmers' market and annual jazz festival. It is one of the first cities to use an open source voting system (called Scantegrity) in an election. The city also narrows all but one major highway passing through into two-lane roads as a \"traffic calming measure\" . The fine for littering can be up to $1,000 for an offence, ensuring spotless sidewalks for the most part.The eco-concern is commendable, but there are occasional downsides. Some years back I discovered that a tree in front of my house discharged a huge volume of pollen in spring that turned my lungs into an accordion. I was on the phone to the city in a wheezing trice; it took three weeks for the city arborist to saunter up and assess my proposal to take it down - and summarily reject it saying the situation was nothing a daily dose of anti-histamine couldn't handle. April, thus, remains for me the cruellest month.Still, there is an endearing, and enduring, charm about this 'Berkeley of the East' , one of the last liberal outposts in America . The local listserv is full of furious debate about 'subversive' ideas such as outdoor clothesline drying (banned in many states with the coming of the washer dryer) and the best way to make a compost pit in the backyard.Recycling, of course, is a Takoma Park passion. But it's not just tossing things into the recycling bin. Last week, Eric Celarier , my neighbour from across the street and an accomplished artist whose work explores human interaction with the environment , unveiled his latest endeavour titled the 'Wasteland series'. There were magnificent canvases made from electronic waste - circuit boards, chips, memory cards, reminding us of the \"inherent beauty, the shortened life span, and the difficult problem of disposal of these materials\". From a distance, the electronic quilts reminded viewers of an aerial view of a metropolis. But it was nothing like Takoma Park, the tree city. It has vegetation - and a life force - that can't be recreated from e-waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817497", "title": "Sand mining stay affects GHMC works", "text": "HYDERABAD: Construction activity has come to a standstill in the city with price of sand soaring like ever before. After the AP high court stayed sand mining across the state from April 1, sand suppliers have increased the price of the construction material drastically.In a span of just 20 days, sand rate has doubled, sources said. While it was Rs 700 per tonne in March, sand suppliers are charging Rs 1,300 per ton after the HC stay.Nearly Rs 2,000-crore worth works have come to a standstill in the city alone. Apart from private builders and developers, many government contractors have also stopped construction activity.Several contractors of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) have stopped works like laying concrete roads, housing and other civil works. Official sources said the corporation takes up works worth about Rs 300 crore at any given point of time.Owners of ready mix units, which supply the mix to various projects, are also worried over the increase in the prices of sand and production in about 35 units in the city has drastically come down.After the high court's stay, the suppliers are getting sand from neighbouring Maharastra state.Industry sources said generally construction activity gathers steam from January and peaks in summer. Government departments like GHMC take up more works during summer. Since the sand supply has almost stopped from April, it is beginning to impact construction works.\"Builders have stopped purchasing steel and cement due to the steep hike in sand rate. It will directly impact construction workers,\" Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India, AP chapter, president C Shekhar Reddy told STOI.\"Sand shortage has not only hit big builders, but also commoners who are constructing their houses. We have several projects in hand at places like Marredpally and Banjara Hills and due to shortage of sand we are shifting it from one site to another, where there is urgent need of it,\" Manbhum Constructions director K Ashwin Rao said.GHMC officials are worried over the hike in sand prices and short supply as it would impact their housing project under the Indiramma scheme. \"In my division, contractors are not starting work of a community hall and steps from Lower Tank Bund due to hike in sand prices,\" deputy mayor and Kavadiguda corporator G Raj Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12816980", "title": "Goa eyeing UAE, Iran tourists", "text": "PANAJI: Encouraged by the increasing number of tourists to Goa from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Iran , the tourism department has decided to participate in the Arabian Travel Mart to tap potential tourists to the state.In the 2011-12 tourism season (October to March), the Dabolim airport received 13 charter flights from Iran, bringing in 1,700 tourists, while 1,000 tourists arrived from the UAE.\"We may participate in the Arabian Travel Mart in Dubai this year. We did not participate during the last two years. This year, there are many direct scheduled flights arriving in Goa from Dubai and that is why we want to tap the market,\" tourism director Swapnil Naik told STOI. Goa can attract tourists from the UAE and Iran, which has shown good potential now, he added.Air India , Air Arabia and Qatar Airways have scheduled direct flights to Goa from UAE, Naik said.The tourism department will also participate in major international tourist marts to attract tourists from various countries for the next tourism season. \"We will participate in World Travel Mart-London, International Travel Bazaar in Berlin and FITUR in Spain,\" he added, while stating that the team will also go to travel marts in Poland , Hungary and Austria to attract charter flights from these countries.This year, so far, Goa received 25 charter flights from Poland, which brought 2,700 tourists. As per the provisional figures, 2,185 tourists have arrived from Austria in 2011.In all, Goa received 910 charters from various countries, bringing in 1.75 lakh tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12818553", "title": "Chief minister Naveen Patnaik speaks to Krishna, envoy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday spoke to foreign minister SM Krishna, who is now at Madrid , and also to Indian ambassador in Washington Nirupama Rao about the murder of Odia student K Seshadri Rao, a government statement said. Both of them assured the CM that they are on the job seriously. Rao told the CM that an officer of the Indian consulate was sent to Boston . The consulate has already taken charge of the body and it will be sent to India shortly. The Indian ambassador also assured the CM that they will follow up the investigation seriously.The CM has also written a letter to Krishna expressing the concern of the people of Odisha over the shocking incident. The CM requested the minister to take appropriate steps so that the culprits are punished, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12816899", "title": "Architecture student from Imphal found dead", "text": "BANGALORE: A 19-year-old student from Imphal died under mysterious circumstances in his hostel room in Madanayakanahalli, Nelamangala on Wednesday. Police registered a suspicious death case and are waiting for postmortem report along with FSL and pathology reports.Richard Loitam, a first-semester architecture student of Acharya Institute of Technology in Chikka Banavara, was was found bleeding from nose and ears, police said. \"Richard went to bed around 11.30pm on Tuesday. He did not get up till 1pm the next day and hostel warden Sudhakar informed doctors and police on finding him dead,\" police added.Investigation revealed that a hostelmate punched Richard on his forehead following a heated argument when Richard reportedly changed the TV channel. \"Others watching the IPL cricket match telecast were enraged and one of them punched Richard,\" sources said.On April 16, Richard sustained head injuries when the Scooty Pep-Plus he was riding skidded off the road near Saptagiri Hospital. Doctors there treated him as an outpatient and didn't take any x-rays of his head, police added.\"The postmortem report will tell us the exact cause of death. If the death was due to the blow by his friend, then we'll arrest him. Otherwise, we'll treat it as an accidental death. Saptagiri Hospital doctors definitely erred by not taking the head x-ray,\" police added.Richard's parents Rajesh Loitam and Vidyabati Debi are doctors in Imphal, Manipur. The body was flown to Imphal on Saturday after his relatives arrived here. Richard is survived by parents and a younger brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827517", "title": "Timing of anganwadi centres changed", "text": "RANCHI: The state social welfare, women and child development minister Vimla Pradhan has ordered a change of timings for all the anganwadi centres.Anganwadi centres provide outreach services to poor families in need of immunization, healthy food, clean water, clean toilets and a learning environment for infants, toddlers and pre-schoolers.The timing for the anganwadi was from 9.30am to 3.30pm. Now, it has been changed in the interest of the children so that they don't have to stay away from home for long. The new timing will be 7am to 11am from April to June and 8am to 1pm from July to March. OSD to the minister B K Vijay said, \"We have been getting complaints that the children are unable to sit for six hours at the centres, so the minister decided to change the time.\"About the variation in times in different months of the year, Vijay said, \"The timing has been kept from 7am in the summer season and from 8am in the winters for the convenience of the children and their parents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12818408", "title": "Government won't lift ban on private practice of doctors: Health minister", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Health minister V S Sivakumar said his government will not remove the ban on government doctor's private practice in the state and the UDF will also follow the last LDF government's stand in this connection.Sivakumar was speaking to newsmen here on Saturday.\"The doctors, who conduct private practice and also receive non-practice allowance from the state government, will face stringent action from the state government. The government will also soon hold discussions in this connection,'' the health minister said.The minister said the government has already started steps for filling the vacancies of doctors in government hospitals in the state. He also said that immediate steps will also be taken for sorting out the potable water problems in government hospitals in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817029", "title": "CVC lens on Tatra's disputed ownership", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) is likely to order a fresh probe into the dealings of Tatra Sipox (UK), suppliers of controversial Tatra trucks, with the defence PSU BEML following the disclosure that the firm was a mere \"manufacturers' agent\".Under defence procurement procedures (DPP) and other government norms governing contracts, a PSU like BEML cannot deal with agents, and should have concluded the contract with only an original equipment manufacturer (OEM).TOI had on Saturday reported that Tatra Sipox had described themselves to British authorities as \"manufacturers' agents\".Sources in the government said that the revelation raises questions if BEML violated norms about concluding government contracts, saying that the CVC may call for an inquiry into the matter. \"BEML may have a lot of explaining to do,\" said a senior source.A senior official in the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said that the BEML decision to sign a contract with Tatra Sipox (UK) in 1997 was \"purely the company's decision\", and had no clearance from the MoD. \"It was the PSU's decision, they have to explain,\" he said. The official, however, pointed out that prime facie BEML has committed serious violation of contractual norms.The official said BEML doesn't seem to have carried out a proper due diligence. \"Conversely, it is a willful violation,\" the official said.TOI had on Saturday reported that Tatra Sipox (UK) had in its filings before the UK authorities on June 23, 1995, had claimed that it was \"manufacturers' agents\". In 1995, Venus Projects (UK) Limited, a Ravi Rishi-owned firm, had held 7,500 shares and an equal number was held by Jozef Majsky, a controversial Slovakian businessman, who is counted among the richest in that nation and was jailed for several months for fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819142", "title": "Peace on horizon, but it\u2019s a hard trek", "text": "The backdrop was the killer avalanche that swallowed 135 Pakistani soldiers at Siachen. But it was the laconic tones of Pakistan army chief General Ashfaq Kayani that reignited the prospect of peace on the sub-continent . This is the man who became famous in 2008 when he said he was \"India-centric\" in his outlook. \"Peaceful coexistence between the two neighbours is very important so that everybody can concentrate on the well-being of the people... The decades of enmity between India and Pakistan should be resolved through negotiation,\" Kayani said on Wednesday.With Pakistan opening up trade to India and visas allowing for greater contact between people, optimists from both sides of the border are predicting significant thaw, resulting in perhaps a resolution of one or more outstanding issues. At the very least it could allow a Pakistan visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. The new Pakistan envoy, Salman Bashir, is coming in with precisely this brief, as he told an interviewer.A robust peace process with Pakistan holds a special place in the PM's heart. But as a close adviser said, on condition of anonymity, \"The PM will be very cautious.\" To observers long in the tooth, there are significant constraints to lasting peace. \"As long as Pakistan uses terror as an instrument of state policy to bleed India there will be little prospect of a good relationship,\" says G Parthasarathy, a former ambassador to Pakistan.KC Singh, who headed the counter-terrorism division in the ministry of external affairs , agrees. \"The General's eagerness is not matched by a similar effort to prosecute LeT chief Hafiz Saeed or roll up the anti-India terror machine,\" says Singh.A great deal of effort has gone into delinking the peace process from terrorism, including two controversial joint statements at Havana and Sharm-el-Sheikh . But everyone knows that the next terror attack that is seen to have links in Pakistan will be a huge setback , however hard diplomats on both sides try to insulate the process.Pakistan would have to be completely blind not to realise this fundamental problem. In New Delhi last week, Pakistan president Asif Zardari told Manmohan Singh that Pakistan was as much a victim of terrorism as India. That is certainly true, except the ones that target India are trained and supported by the Pakistan army/intelligence establishment or their proxies, and are used as a weapon by the establishment.The terror industry in Pakistan has grown to such an extent that the army/ISI establishment , in some cases, no longer controls them. The LeT is a prime example. While the Hafiz Saeed outfit was created against India, it has evolved into a more global entity, fighting with al-Qaeda and other groups in Afghanistan, and reaching out to other countries as well.On Wednesday, Kayani talked about a resolution on Siachen in humanitarian and economic terms. The fact is both countries will find it very difficult to achieve an agreement on Siachen under present circumstances. For the Indians to come down from the heights, New Delhi needs iron-clad authentication of Indian positions by Islamabad, which it is unwilling to do. Pakistan has proposed simultaneous demilitarisation, withdrawal and authentication which India is unwilling to do. The Siachen agreement is probably the most difficult because, contrary to the popular belief of it being no more than an icy wasteland, Siachen is vital in strategic terms with regard to both Pakistan and China.Lastly, on Kashmir, the two countries had achieved an understanding of demarcating a border without exchanging territory in 2007 through the back channel. There are attempts to revive this, but Gen Kayani is yet to okay this deal. This will virtually faze the LOC into a border, but it's more difficult for Pakistan to agree to this than for India.The signs of peace are on the horizon, but it's a hard trek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818569", "title": "Yatra to reach Patna on April 26", "text": "PATNA: The National Land Reform Council's Rashtriya Jan Satyagrah Samvad Yatra 2012 will reach Patna on April 26. The yatra, which started from Kanyakumari on October 2, 2011, after traversing through 24 states across the country, will conclude at Gwalior on October 1, 2012.The yatra entered Bihar from Assam on April 6. It will leave for UP on May 7. It is led by P V Rajgopal, member, National Land Reform Council.State convener of the yatra, Pradeep Priyadarshi said, \"The yatra aims to create mass awareness about tribals' land rights, dwindling forests and land grab issues, including forcible acquisition of agriculture and forest land from peasants, dalits and forest dwellers. It will also discuss issues such as rehabilitation, flood, drought, land ceiling and distribution of surplus and bhoodan land among the landless.\"The council, which was formed by the Centre in 2008, comprising eminent people from different walks of life, is headed by the PM.. Simultaneously, a committee on State Agrarian Relations and the Unfinished Task in Land Reforms was also constituted, divided into subgroups, each focusing on various dimension of land reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi/garhwa", "code": "12818351", "title": "3 mishaps claim eight lives in state", "text": "RANCHI/GARHWA: Six persons were killed and seven critically injured when the vehicle they were travelling in collided with a bus at Mahgama in Godda district on Saturday, police said.Four persons died on the spot, two succumbed to injuries on their way to hospital.All the victims were returning to Mankachak when the Godda-bound bus collided with the vehicle.The deceased were identified as Nazi Khatoon (19), Reshma Khatoon (18), Madina (45), Sheikh Jamil (60) and driver of the vehicle Sharavan Yadav (35). The bodies were sent to the civil hospital for postmortem.All of them belonged to Mankachak village in Mehrma police station area of the district. The three seriously injured have been referred to Ranchi while others are undergoing treatment at the Mahgama health centre.The district authorities have provided Rs 10,000 each to the families of the deceased.In Garhwa, two persons were killed in separate incidents in Garhwa district on Saturday.Uday Mehta, a 22-year-old youth died on the spot when his motorcycle collided head-on with another bike near Haran Dubey Hill on Garhwa-Majhiaon road, 8 km from the district headquarters. According to sources, Uday Mehta with his aunt Meena Devi was on their way to Kota Dhariya village to attend a tilak ceremony.In another incident, Shambhu Prasad (46), a stone-crusher owner, was shot dead by unidentified criminals in Dandai village, 1 km from the local police station, police said.Enraged Dandai villagers led by the Congress MLA Anant Pratap Deo and district board chairperson Sushma Mehta blocked NH-75 for five hours following Prasad's death. The reason behind his death is yet to be ascertained.The agitators demanded immediate arrest of the criminals and compensation for the kin of the deceased. The blockade which began at 7am was lifted at 2pm after DSP (HQ) Awadesh Singh promised to investigate the case.Police have taken Satya Narayan Prasad and Munna Prasad into custody for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817829", "title": "Faulty dust-sweepers fanning pollution on city roads", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A mechanical dust sweeper which is supposed to gather dust and deposit it in its chamber was seen doing exactly the opposite on the Ashram Road on Saturday. Instead of storing the dust, it was blowing it in the air, thus creating more pollution.\"Apparently this dust sweeper had developed some technical snag, as a result of which it was lifting the dust from the road was blowing it from the top.The private contractor is supposed to manage the machine, which he is not doing it,\" said an AMC officer.A shopkeeper on Ashram road said that usually once the road is cleaned, no dust is visible.\"However, thick layers of dust are piled up on the line of the road divider,\" said a shop keeper, adding, \"Whenever we drew the attention of the driver towards the snag, he would laugh it off saying his job was to drive and not to bother about the machine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12818430", "title": "Special kids excel with camera", "text": "RANCHI: The amazing skill of handling a camera by disabled children was seen in a film screened by Deepshikha on Saturday.The children (between 12 and 18 years), with the help of filmmaker Meghnath learned the skills of handling camera in just 15 days and are doing good in still photography and videography. Meghnath said, \"When I got the proposal of training these children, I was a bit doubtful whether I would be able to interact with them or not. But I discovered that they are very fast learners and they pick up things easily.\"For the time being, Meghnath is teaching children how to use the small hand-held cameras with which they can easily click passport size and group photos and can also shoot small videos. \"These children are so good at their work that they can be employed as cameramen for newspapers and channels or at photo studios\", said Meghnath.Deepshikha executive director Sudha Lhila said: \"It will change their lives. Usually, the disabled children are restricted to only making bags, cards or diyas which do not fetch much money. But now as they will learn photography they can get much better employment opportunities.\" Keshav, a hearing and speech impaired child has excelled the art of photography. His mother Sumita Maji is happy with her son's development and feels secure about his future. \"I am happy that he is learning new things and doing well. Nowadays, he has even started working at the computer and is really fast at it. At home also, he keeps on clicking photographs and recording videos from a mobile handset. I think after sometime, he will be able to earn himself and become independent,\" said Sumita.Meghnath will work with these children for another 15 days and he has planned to make some documentaries with them. \"We will make a video that will be a guide for people to interact with the hearing and speech impaired persons. The children will act, record and edit the whole documentary and subtitles will be added to it for people to understand the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817660", "title": "Sabarmati jail murder: Life sentence for 11", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trial court on Saturday awarded life imprisonment to eleven persons including three jailors for planning and committing a murder in the Sabarmati central jail.Chetan Patel alias Battery was stabbed to death inside the prison by a rival gang of Gova Nagji Rabari of Amraiwadi area on August 7, 2005 in order to establish his dominance on inmates. Additional sessions judge, V M Naik took a serious note of the incident and imposed life imprisonment with observation that the incident took place in jail premise and needs to be dealt with harsh measures, for it concerns with the issue of jail security. The court has also fined Rs 1,000 on each of the convicts.The convicts seemed to have taken the punishment not so seriously, as seven of them had come from the jail only to hear the judgment. After the judge pronounced punishment, Rabari rushed to the canteen to have ice-cream and then posed before cameras with friends who came to pay their honours to him.There were 13 accused in this case - Rabari and seven of his undertrial associates along with four jailors were arraigned in the murder near Barrack No 5. They were accused of murder, conspiracy, abatement and hiding weapons in restricted area. The prosecution examined 36 witnesses and presented 170 documentary evidences before the court to substantiate its case.Eleven of the thirteen got jail term for life, while two jail staff - Mahesh Randadiya and Malesh Machendakar were acquitted for lack of evidence against them. Of those convicted, Dhragpalsingh Chauhan, Ishwar Sonara and Bhikha Rabari were the jailors.As per the prosecution's case, Rabari, who was jailed in connection with a murder of municipal councilor of the Congress party Amtha Desai, through his gang members like Vishal Nayak, Jaswantsinh Gautam, Sunil Makodi, Jayanti Don and Niranjansinh Rajput used to run extortion racket in jail. A month before, Battery's murder, he came into conflict with Rabari and both had a quarrel and Rabari felt hurt and humiliated. Battery had also allegedly antagonized other gang members of Rabari in different prisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817058", "title": "Shashank to get eviction notice soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shashank Shekhar Singh, the all powerful cabinet secretary of former chief minister Mayawati is likely to be served a notice to vacate the house allotted to him by the estate department. The department, on Saturday, cancelled the allotment.Singh was allotted a Type V house in Raj Bhawan Colony till 2013. Sources in the estate department confirmed that the allotment was cancelled. Shekhar was allotted the house in the capacity of cabinet secretary. However, soon after coming to power, Samajwadi Party abolished the post.\"It is a routine procedure that has been followed,\" an official in the estate department said. \"Shekhar is neither a minister nor an MLA. He will have to vacate the house which belongs to the estate department,\" he added. Sources said that the department will soon be serving a notice to Singh, expectedly by Monday, asking him to vacate the house. Officials said that retired bureaucrats too have to vacate the house. Only recently, senior IAS officer Sunanda Prasad, too vacated the house after retiring from the service.Earlier, various BSP MLAs who lost their seats too were served notice to vacate the house by the estate department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817358", "title": "20-year-old teacher sustains burns in acid attack in Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: In a gruesome incident, an unidentified masked man reportedly threw acid on a 20-year-old school teacher causing serious burns on her face and chest in Sagar district on Friday morning. A five-year-old girl, who was playing near the spot, also sustained burns in the acid attack on the young woman.The victim identified as Smirti Dixit was en route to school from her house at Kasali in Sagar district, when the unidentified miscreant walked down to the teacher and threw acid at her inflicting burns on her face and chest. The incident occurred at around 10.45 am, said the police. Smirti was rushed to the district hospital, where her condition is stated to be out of danger, the police said. Muskan, a little girl, who was playing around too sustained minor burns in the attack. She has also been admitted to a hospital, police said.Smirti is married to one Dinesh and stays in Moti Nagar locality of Kasli, inspector R K Shakya told TOI. She was living with her grandmother in Kasli, he added.\"As the teacher is still in a state of shock, we have not recorded her statement to close in on the accused,\" Sagar additional superintendent of police R K Sakya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818510", "title": "Two East Central Railway officials bags award", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) GM's secretary Vinamra Mishra received the prestigious railway minister's award at a function held in New Delhi recently. Railway minister Mukul Roy handed over to him the award and a commendation certificate on the occasion.Mishra was selected for this award for his outstanding work during 2011-2012 fiscal as senior divisional mechanical engineer (DME) of Dhanbad division under the ECR.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, Mishra was instrumental in getting repaired about 6,448 goods wagons at the loading site itself in Dhanbad at a cost of Rs 38.5 lakh only. These repaired wagons yielded about Rs 42 crore additional revenue to the railways by carrying freight from Dhanbad. Mishra joined as the GM's secretary at ECR headquarters, Hajipur, recently.Besides, senior divisional commercial manager of Sonepur rail division, Sikha Srivastava, was also awarded the railway minister's national award for her outstanding work in commercial segment in the ECR, the CPRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "12818086", "title": "Woman kills alcoholic hubby", "text": "BIJAPUR: Frustrated by her husband's drinking bouts and frequent abuse, Sushilabai bludgeoned her husband to death under Indi Police station limits on Friday.The deceased was Iranna Basanna Satihal, 33, of Indi town.According to a police complaint lodged by Iranna's brother, Shivasharan Basanna Satihal, his sister-in-law, Sushilabai, hit his brother with a huge stone while he was drinking.Iranna an alcoholic had taken a loan of Rs. 40,000, and beat up his wife and children regularly.He also sold his wife's jewellery to feed his drinking habit.On Friday night, the couple had a quarrel over his drinking habit. In a fit of rage Sushilabai killed her husband, police said.Indi police have booked a case based on Shivasharan Satihal's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12818483", "title": "Vij's units flouted building norms", "text": "JALANDHAR: Industrialist Shital Vij, who was arrested on Monday after his factory building collapsed on Sunday night killing 20, may be in for more trouble with most of his units found not to be adhering to building by-laws.Lease deed of industrial plots in the city's Focal Point area, signed with the Punjab State Industries and Export Corporation (PSIEC), mandates that any portion of a factory found to be violating by-laws can be demolished.Sources say that the PSIEC, in its initial survey of Vij's units, has found that all of them - spread over 31 plots -- violate zonal plan/building bylaws. There are only two plots where there has been no violation but these do not have much construction and have only boundary walls.According to the provisions of the lease deed, PSIEC even retains the right to cancel the deed if there is a breach of terms and conditions of allotment and that the owner may have to remove the structure on his own within 30 days of the cancellation, failing which the structure will become the property of the corporation.Sources also reveal that Vij has not submitted any building plan for the factory that collapsed on Sunday though the lease deed he signed with PSIEC on May 16, 2007 mandated that he would submit the building plan, prepared by a registered architect in accordance with the zonal plan and buildings by-laws, to senior town planner of the corporation before beginning construction.The lease deed also states that demolition charges would also be recovered from the lessee.It's not only Vij whose units have violated by-laws. Out of the other around 40 units inspected by the PSIEC officials on Saturday, only around half a dozen have been found to be constructed in accordance with by-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817023", "title": "Chaudhary's termination a preplanned move: Rita Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dismissing the exit of NSUI state president Virendra Chaudhary as a 'preplanned move to cover his shady activities,' UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi said that Chaudhary's termination from the post 'was already very much on the card. By walking into the Samajwadi camp, he has just preempted his ouster.'Chaudhary, elected last year as the NSUI chief through the new election process designed to ensure intra party democracy, had sent shockwaves by defecting to the ruling party last Friday. Active in Delhi University the former student leader had joined the office in March 2011. However, his track record, Joshi maintained \"has been far from satisfactory. During assembly elections particularly we had received a number of complaints about his style of functioning. He would not venture out of his house, would not reach the office during the crucial period, and what triggered alarm among the senior leaders were reports that he was indulging in shady activities and working against the party's interest.\" Joshi claimed to have a long list of serious complaints against him.Armed with allegations that were found to be true, we had already decided to show him the door, Joshi told TOI on Saturday. \"He has acted smart by sensing what was in store and walking off first,\" she added.Meanwhile the former youth icon of the party had a different tale to tell. Congress, he told TOI when contacted had nothing to offer youth. This became evident to him during the election times when none of the young leaders were given tickets despite promise by top leaders that youth would get their due, he continued.\"It is now a party of sycophants where genuine workers have no say in anything,\" he alleged. Things got out of hands when his repeated attempts to meet Rahul Gandhi and discuss the bleak scenario in the state failed to bear fruits. Rahul, he said is surrounded by a coterie which gets to pick and choose those who meet the leader. He had no option to quit as under the circumstances he was in no position to fulfill the promises he had made to his supporters.Praising cheer minister Akhilesh Yadav , the former Congress leaders said that the new CM qualifies to be a true leader of young generation.He has already shown it by his words and deeds during last one month of his rule. He also hinted that there would be many more even big fish in the Congress to follow him .There is a rumbling of discontent in the party which cannot be silenced for long he said, a remark Joshi roundly trashed as baseless and malicious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12818330", "title": "Floating ambulances for Kuttanad soon", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Health and Devaswom minister V S Sivakumar said the government would start 'floating ambulance' services in water-locked Kuttanad and Perumbalam. The government has set aside Rs 3 crore for six ambulances. Sivakumar was speaking after inaugurating the '108' ambulance service at Alappuzha Medical College Hospital on Saturday.The minister said three 'floating ambulances' would be allotted to these regions soon. \"More facilities will be set up in the trauma care unit of the Alappuzha Medical College Hospital. The '108' ambulance service being implemented by the National Rural Health Mission under the Kerala Emergency Medical Service Project was first launched in Thiruvananthapuram. The project will be implemented in all other districts also,\" he said.\"Alappuzha was selected for the project after the state capital as the number of road accidents in the district has been going up every month,\" the minister added.The services of 14 emergency ambulances are now available in the district. In an emergency - medical, police or fire-related - people can dial just '108' from any phone and seek help.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal , who flagged off the service, said people should come forward to take victims to hospitals immediately after an accident. \"People are not ready to help the victims of accidents. This should change. Stringent action should also be taken against those who try to misuse the service of the '108' ambulance service,\" the Union minister said.\"Doctors who have been transferred to Alappuzha Medical College Hospital from other districts are not ready to work here. This is adversely affecting the functioning of the MCH. Posts of four doctors in the cardiology wing now remain vacant. If those posts are filled immediately, the MCH can start open heart surgery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817995", "title": "Haryana to have 100 new deputy superintendent of police", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Saturday announced the creation of 100 new posts of deputy superintendents of police (DSP) for improving policing in the state.A sum of Rs 50 crore has been separately sanctioned to provide residential accommodation to police personnel in Gurgaon and Faridabad. Under this plan, 570 houses would be constructed, the chief minister said.Hooda was speaking after inspecting the passing-out parade of the 76th batch of women constable recruits at the Recruitment Training Centre of Bhondsi in Gurgaon district today. At Saturday's passing-out parade, 438 women constable recruits joined Haryana Police.The chief minister said that women being more sensitive than men, their joining the police service would make the system more efficient and responsive. He said that the Haryana government has reserved 10% of posts for women in police recruitment. Under this policy, 2,203 women have been recruited in the police force so far.Hooda also announced Rs 2 crore for the construction of a new block at the Police Public School in Bhondsi. He said the government intended to provide better residential facilities for the police.He said that a total of 7,375 candidates have been recruited in the past three years. As many as 664 constables and 267 sub-inspectors have been recruited in the India Reserve Battalion.With a view to boosting the morale of the police force, the rules for promotion have been revised. Earlier, a constable used to get promotion to the rank of havildar after 16 years, but now he gets it after 12 years. Similarly, a havildar becomes assistant sub-inspector in 22 years as against 30 years earlier. Also, the duration of promotion from ASI to sub-inspector has been reduced from 35 years to 30. The ranks of in-charges of police stations have been raised from sub-inspector to inspector.He said that a financial assistance of Rs 10 lakh is given to the next of kin of those who make the supreme sacrifice of their lives while fighting anti-social elements. Those who get injured in such incidents get an assistance of Rs 5 lakh.Ranjiv Singh Dalal, director general of police, Haryana, said that Haryana Police Housing Corporation has constructed 4,500 new houses in the past seven years for the police personnel. The chief minister has sanctioned Rs 300 crore to Haryana Police Housing Corporation for construction of houses. On this occasion, six outstanding women recruits were also honoured.They passed out... literallyThe weather took its toll on a few women police recruits of the 76th batch who reportedly fainted after standing in the sun for a long time on Saturday. They were forced to wait in the sun as the chief guests reached 45 minutes late. The schedule arrival time of the chief guests was 4pm but they reached around 4.45pm and the parade took place in the heat. Standing in the sun while waiting for the VVIPs to arrive took its toll on five to six women police recruits who fell on the ground one after the other. The other recruits helped them to their feet and to leave the parade ground", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12817896", "title": "'States not paying attention to labourers' problems'", "text": "Bharuch: Union minister of labour and employment Mallikarjun Kharge said here on Saturday that many states, including Gujarat, were not paying attention towards solving the issues concerning labourers. Some states are not even utilizing half of the grant that is being given to them by the labour and employment department.Kharge was here to lay the foundation stone for an ESIC hospital in Ankleshwar.\"Out of the grant of Rs 192 crore, Gujarat has just used Rs 41 lakh for the benefit of building and construction workers. There are 48,971 workers registered under ESIC scheme in Gujarat. The central government appeals to the state governments to use the money for the welfare of the workers,\" Kharge told reporters.The 100 bed multi-specialty hospital will be built on an area of 19,340 square metre at an estimated cost of about Rs 104 crore. Union minister for state Dinsha Patel and Tushar Chaudhary also attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12827659", "title": "Petrol dealers withdraw proposed agitation", "text": "RANCHI: Following assurances from Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy , Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers' Association (JPDA) has decided to withdraw its proposed agitation on April 23. JPDA president Ashok Kumar Singh said the decision was taken after Reddy's assurance.\"The petroleum dealers were demanding an increment in their commission on which Reddy has agreed,\" said Singh.Currently dealers get a commission of Rs 1596 for selling 1000 liter petrol and Rs 912 for selling 1000 liters diesel. The JPDA wants Rs 1611 as commission for selling 1000 liters petro and Rs 927 for selling 1000 liter diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12820613", "title": "It is difficult to make people laugh: Mithun", "text": "Mithun Chakraborty on comic roles, Payel the sweet'hurt' and commercial filmsMost actors say comedy is the most difficult genre... Undoubtedly, as it is the MOST difficult thing to make people laugh - and that too intelligently. Comedy by force is the most horrible thing. Kolar khosay pa pichle pore gele audience-er hashi paye na! But situational comedy always generates laughter.Do you feel one needs to be a powerful actor to make comedy work? One needs to have acting qualities to essay each and every character. If a top comedian is given a role in a forced comedy, the audience will not laugh. But in a situational comedy, any actor can make the audience laugh, since they're actually laughing at the situation.Your favourite comedians... To me, Johny Lever is THE comedian. Johor Roy and Robi Ghosh are icons too.Payel said in an interview to TOI that 'Mithunda is a sweetheart'.... (Laughs) She is a sweetheart too. Amar payer upor danriye nachtoh! So, she is a sweet'hurt'!Do you think comedy in films has evolved with time? With time, the concept of comedy has changed. I am a positive person and I see positivity in everything. I feel comedy films too have evolved. Today's generation might laugh at funny films from the past, but some classic comedies were made then.What's keeping you busy these days? I am acting in \"Zakhme\" and in director Niraj Pathak's film. I'm also doing Ashuu Trikha's \"Enemy\" with Mimoh. After the success of \"Housefull 2\", a producer wants to cast me and Akshay Kumar in a film. Maalkori thik moto dile sign korbo (laughs).Choreographer Saroj Khan says Mimoh is a terrific dancer... I feel proud as a father to hear that.What's happening on the Tolly front? Will you only act in parallel films in Bangla? I am so busy with Hindi films at present that I say no to a lot of offers from Tollywood. To me, there are two types of films - commercial and non-commercial. A parallel film, which runs successfully at the BO, is a commercial film, right? Commercial films are those that bring back profit to the producers and non-commercial films are those that fail at the box office. And Mithun Chakraborty only acts in films which are commercial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817840", "title": "Rapid rail to run underground in city", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rapid rail network to be laid as long-distance Metro trains connecting Delhi with its major suburbs with limited stops will go underground in the capital. There will be three hubs - Sarai Kale Khan for the Delhi-Meerut corridor, Kashmere Gate for the Panipat stretch and Dhaula Kuan for trains plying between Delhi and Alwar.These three lines totalling over 350km have been taken up as priority by the Union urban development ministry. Though originally there was a plan to converge all three routes at the centre of Delhi, later modifications were made to have different hubs for different stretches for better traffic distribution. But at a meeting held recently under the chairmanship of Delhi lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna, questions were raised whether having different hubs without adequate connectivity to the other terminus would serve any purpose. \"What is the use of a transport system where people cover Delhi to Meerut in 70 minutes and then take another hour to travel from Sarai Kale Khan to Dhaula Kuan?\" asked a government official.So, now there is a modified plan, according to which the Alwar-Dhaula Kuan line will get extended up to Kashmere Gate. \"This link will pass via the Sarai Kale Khan terminus, making swift transfer of passengers possible. The trains from Alwar will be extended up to Kashmere Gate for seamless transfer of passengers,\" said a government source.He added that all stations in Delhi would be underground. The Dhaula Kuan-Sarai Kale Khan-Kashmere Gate stretch will run close to the alignment of Ring Road.Sources said that according to the plan prepared by the NCR Planning Board (NCRPB), there would be limited stops on these corridors for faster mobility. For example, the Meerut-Kale Khan corridor would have only two stops in Delhi - Anand Vihar and Kale Khan. The two stations would be at a distance of 10 kilometers.However, there could be one or two stations between Dhaula Kuan and Sarai Kale Khan as this line would pass close to AIIMS. Thousands of patients from all parts of NCR visit the medical institute every day.Officials privy to the regional rapid regional rapid transit system (RRTS) project said timely take-off of the work would ensure that DMRC was not overburdened with work to extend its network in NCR. \"At present, Metro gets crowded by the time trains enter Delhi borders. Even now large section of local Delhiites is opting for private vehicles as Metro trains are overcrowded. Once we have these RRTS corridors operational, Metro trains would have space. More locals would shift to Metro trains,\" said an official.The RRTS project was conceived after an NCRPB study showed how Bulandshahr, Alwar, Meerut, Ghaziabad, Sonipat, Gurgaon, Faridabad and Rohtak have been some of the key districts from where the capital gets maximum number of migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12818411", "title": "Dhumal, Shanta hold closed-door meet to cover chinks", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal, who was on a foundation laying spree in the Sulah constituency on Saturday, had met BJP vice president Shanta Kumar at his residence over breakfast and held a closed-door meet.The meeting between the two political big wigs was extremely private as even IPH minister Ravinder Singh Ravi, social justice empowerment minister Sarveen Choudhary and other local MLAs did not attend it.However, none of the leaders have disclosed anything about the discussions during the half-hour meeting.The leaders are believed to have discussed the ongoing issues about carving out new districts from Kangra and the Annandale matter.BJP leaders were divided over creation of a new district out of Kangra. The Shanta faction has always opposed the move terming it as a conspiracy by the Dhumal faction, aimed at undermining Shanta Kumar.Industries minster and local MLA Kishan Kapoor, considered close to Shanta faction, has continuously opposed the demand for new districts. On the other hand, IPH minster Ravinder Ravi, known as the blue-eyed boy of Dhumal, has supported the demand for a Palampur district.Meanwhile, the visit of the CM to Sulah constituency was criticized by former Congress MLA from here, who also sat on protest but was later removed by police.\"These projects are incomplete and not fit for inauguration. The CM should verify the facts. He has been misguided by the authorities\" said Jagjivan Pal, former MLA of Sulah.The Congress has stated that this is total misuse of government machinery, aimed at political gains before assembly elections ahead.On his one day tour to Sulah assembly segment, Dhumal has laid foundation stones for different development schemes valued at Rs 22.23 crore. It included rest houses, irrigation and drinking water supply schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12817236", "title": "Diveagar Ganesh idol theft: Seven detained in Aurangabad", "text": "AURANGABAD: A special squad of the Aurangabad rural police on Friday detained seven people suspected to be involved in the theft of a golden idol from the Ganesh temple in Diveagar, Raigad district, last month.The police received a tip-off that a gang matching the description of the idol theft suspects was attempting a robbery or dacoityin Pakora village, Gangapur taluka., and that the profile of the suspects matched the sketches of suspects involved in the idol theft.A police team raided the village at 2am and arrested the suspects while they were attempting a heist, said inspector Satish Nandedkar, in charge of crime branch, Aurangabad rural police. \"Though they have been arrested for dacoity or robbery attempt, we are ascertaining their involvement in the idol theft,\" he said.On March 24, a gang of robbers had attacked two watchmen at the Diveagar Ganesh temple. One of the watchmen was killed in the incident. The robbers had stolen the an ancient 1.5 kg golden Ganesh idol , estimated to be worth Rs 50 lakh. The incident had sent shock waves in the state, with even the assembly witnessing noisy scenes and protests over the incident.Nandedkar said police recovered an axe, knife, chilly powder and sticks from the suspects and their interrogation was in progress.The suspects -- Jigar alias Vijay Kamlakar Pimple, Sheru Opin Pimple, Balu Hulkya Kale, Mohan Hulkya Kale, Akash Punam Kale, Raju Prakash Pimple, all residents of Pakora and Ganesh Anil Pimple, a resident of Naigaon in Gangapur - were all on police records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817502", "title": "Dabeerpura flyover works delay deplored", "text": "HYDERABAD: The four lane Dabeerpura flyover has been in a dilapidated state for more than three years. Work is in progress but with traffic being forced to ply on just two lanes, minor accidents are aplenty, say commuters and residents. Further, they are vexed by traffic snarls on the flyover during the rush hours.A letter issued by the GHMC commissioner in July 2010 stated that a 'letter of acceptance was issued to the agency' for repairs and that 'a completion period of work' of ten months was given from the date of agreement. While the letter admits that the flyover is in 'distressed' condition, work continues to move at a snail's pace.Mohammed Waheeduddin who runs a grocery store in Dabeerpura said, \"The bridge gets packed during peak hours. Also, there are accidents every other day because the road on one side is narrow on which vehicles from both directions move. Work is in progress for more than six months now with no end in sight.\"GHMC officials say the bridge was constructed more than 25 years ago and that its life span is of 20 years after which repairs are mandatory. He said that the bridge was sagging on one side due to the poor quality of concrete at the bottom of the main girders. Due to the complexity of repairs, work would be completed in a year, he added. Executive engineer Krishna pointed out that the hold up was due to delay in obtaining permissions. \"Taking permissions from the traffic police was difficult. Traffic on one side of the 15 metre wide road has been blocked.,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12816807", "title": "8 injured in twin mishaps in the city", "text": "JAIPUR: At least eight people were injured in two separate mishaps in Chandpole Bazar and Vaishali Nagar on Saturday.Two persons including a child were injured when a part of a dilapidated house collapsed in Chandpole Bazar.According to the police, the incident took place at Panchwa Chauraha of the market. \"The house owner Rafeeq had employed some labourers to raze down a part of a wall on the building's first floor when the wall crashed down. A labourer Suresh and a 12-year-old girl Sujata were injured,\" said a police officer.The two injured were rescued and rushed to SMS Hospital.In the second incident, six persons were injured when a mini-bus overturned after being hit by a truck in Vaishali Nagar. Police said the mishap took place at Sirsi Road early on Saturday morning.\"The mini-bus was hit by a truck. Six persons including two girls, the driver, bus conductor and two other passengers were injured,\" said a police officer.The truck was later intercepted by Bagaru police and the driver arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12827523", "title": "Police arrest murderer", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Town police have claimed to have solved the intermediate student's rape and murder case. Sushila Kumari, an intermediate student of Nadiya Hindu Inter College, and a resident of Gangupara village, was raped and murdered on April 17 night.Police have arrested Vinod Oraon, a labourer of the same village, claiming he is guilty. He was forwarded to judicial custody on Sunday. Police arrested him on Saturday evening from Neeche Bagary area. Officer-in-charge of the local police station, P C Deogam, said Vinod confessed his crime and narrated how he killed Sushila.\"They had physical relation. The girl got pregnant. On the night of murder, the girl asked Oraon to marry her as he was responsible for her pregnancy. Vinod refused and killed her,\" said Deogam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817810", "title": "Govt curbed Bhopal tragedy research", "text": "BHOPAL: The Centre had barred the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) from publishing the Bhopal gas tragedy-related research work for nine years, information under the RTI Act has revealed. It was not immediately clear why the ban was imposed.Some Union petroleum and chemicals ministry documents, including minutes of a committee of secretaries meeting, obtained under the Act brought the ban to light.A November 5, 1990 ministry document has revealed that then under secretary S S Gupta had denied permission for the publication of a paper on the \"effect of exposure to toxic gas on the population of Bhopal - one year follow-up study''. \"The undersigned is directed to say that the government of India has not lifted the ban on publication of papers on Bhopal projects etc,\" Gupta had said.The minutes revealed that ICMR's work on gas victims was discussed at the meeting in New Delhi on September 29, 1988 and it was acknowledged that it had made it possible to contest the Union Carbide's claim that the main effect of the leakage was on pulmonary system. Then cabinet secretary B G Deshmukh, then scientific commission on Bhopal gas leakage chairman C R Krishna and then ICMR director A S Paintal were among those, who had attended the meeting. It was observed that the treatment protocol of the gas victims continued to be on a symptomatic basis and \"there appears to be no mechanism available in Bhopal that could analyse the available data sample and information''.Bhopal Group for Information and Action's Rachna Dhingra, who had filed the RTI query, said the ban was lifted in 1995 but the damage was done.\"It harmed the interest of the gas victims and benefitted the Union Carbide that was responsible for the tragedy,'' she said. \"If some of these unpublished reports would have come to light before the Rs 470 million settlement in 1989, then it would have clearly shown that there is no such thing as temporary injury as the company claimed (to settle for the lesser compensation),'' said Dhingra.She said the research work would also have helped develop a treatment protocol for the victims besides more compensation. The first ICMR report on the tragedy was published in 2004. Forty tonnes of methyl isocyanate had leaked from Union Carbide's factory in Bhopal and killed at least 15,000 within days in December 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12825163", "title": "India all set to develop reusable rockets: DRDO chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the successful launch of Agni-5 Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM), India is all set to develop reusable rockets which will combine the technologies of both ballistic and cruise missiles.As part of plans to develop reusable ballistic missiles, Defence Research and Development Organisation will test indigenously developed scram jet engine next year, DRDO Chief V K Saraswat said in an interview to Doordarshan.\"We have propulsion technology, we have re-entry technologies, we have the technology which can take a re-entry system which will deliver a payload and have yet another re-entry system which will bring the missile back when it re-enters the atmosphere on its return journey ,\" he said.\"We have demonstrated the performance of a scram jet engine operating at Mach six speed (six times the speed of sound),\" he said.On the range of Agni-5 missile which was scuccessfully test-fired recently off Odisha coast, the DRDO chief said with moderate modifications, \"it can be extended to any range which is of our interest.\"On technological capability available with the agency, he said, \"DRDO has built the necessary technologies, production infrastructure and design capability for developing a booster or a sustainer... We have the capability to develop a re-entry nose cone which can withstand higher temperature and velocity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12816780", "title": "TOI leads Abby creative awards winning 21 metals at Goafest", "text": "MARGAO: The Times of India swept the Abby creative awards held at Goafest 2012, which was organized at a South Goa resort, winning the highest number of metals as a client.TOI, as a client, won the maximum number of tallies with 21 metals for its 'Wake up Chennai', 'Day in the life of India', and 'Only Bengal' campaigns.While Ogilvy India was the top ad agency in terms of both number and quality of awards winning 51 metals, TapRoot India Pvt Ltd came in second in terms of overall quality winning 34 metals, while Leo Burnett , despite getting 35 metals, was marginally behind TapRoot which also won six golds against Leo Burnett's three golds.Speaking to TOI, Shashi Sinha, president of Ad Club and chairman of the awards governing council, expressed satisfaction over the excellent quality of work presented at the awards show. A total of 332 awards were up for grabs at the fest.\"The judging of the entries was very good this year. We had more than 120 judges of very high quality compared to last year. This year, 50% more metals were awarded.\" He added that the festival was attended by over 3,000 delegates, which he said was a record in itself.Agnello Dias, co-chairman, TapRoot India, was ecstatic about winning a large number of awards particularly for its client TOI. Dias hails from Goa with his native place being Sarzora-Chinchinim. \"It is a nice feeling to come to Goa and win prizes,\" said Dias.Goafest 2012 was bigger this year with organizers opening participation for South Asian countries. The three-day event, which is co-organized by Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI) and Advertising Club Bombay, saw participation from countries like Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal for the first time. The theme of the advertising conclave this year was 'Ideas for impacting the full circle'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817072", "title": "UP yet to meet 11th FYP's power generation target", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is not only about shortage of coal or the snags disrupting the power plants, which led to the ever looming power crisis in Uttar Pradesh. The state has also missed the target of generating 2,000 Mw of power in the 11th Five Year Plan.According to the All India Power Engineers Federation, at least three power plants with a combined installed capacity of 2,000 Mw were proposed to come up in the 11th Five Year Plan in UP. As against it, only 250 Mw could only come up in the state sector.\"The performance of the state owned units too have been depressing,\" the federation said in a letter dashed to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said. The federation also cited the examples of 1,000 Mw Anpara D, 500 Mw Paricha and 500 Mw Harduaganj power plants that were to come up in the state sector during the 11th Five Year Plan. While the two units of 500 Mw each at Anpara-D were to come up in April 2011 and July 2011, units of 250 Mw each at Paricha were expected to come up in July 2009 and November 2009.None of them are in the functional stage as yet. In fact, one of the units in Paricha suffered a setback after its chimney collapsed in 2010 killing two persons and injuring many others. Likewise is the case with the two units of 250 Mw each at Harduaganj. According to the UPPCL records, the first unit was supposed to get functional by October 9, while the second was supposed to have started functioning in February 2010. It was only in February 2012 that the 250 Mw unit at Harduaganj got synchronised with the state grid. The commercial operation is yet to take place. In comparison, the power production in the government sector across the country has grown by over 50,000 Mw.Interestingly, the UP government did manage to pump up the private sector to boost up power production in the state. Four units of 300 Mw capacity each in Rosa thermal power plant started functioning in the last five years. So was the case with Lanco promoted Anpara C thermal power plant that started its generation last year.The UP Power Corporation Limited not surprisingly was forced to resort to either overdrawl from the central grid, the move which largely invited objections from the Central Electricity Authority (CEA). The crisis once again comes to loom large, as the demand for power begins to spiral up once again following the rise in day time temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817639", "title": "Suri \u2018killer\u2019 Bhanu arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The man who eluded the cops for the last 15 months finally landed in their custody. Bhanu Kiran, who allegedly shot dead factionist Gangula Suryanarayana Reddy alias Maddelacheruvu Suri in January 2011, was nabbed in the vicinity of a dhaba in Zaheerabad in Medak district on Saturday morning, the city police claimed in the evening. Sources, however, said Bhanu was actually arrested last Tuesday and that the arrest was being shown four days later after sustained interrogation of the accused.Producing a visibly jovial Bhanu Kiran at a media conference here, additional director-general of police (CID) S V Ramana Murthy said ever since the murder of Suri, Bhanu had been moving from place to place to evade the police dragnet. \"For the last one month, Bhanu had been holed up in Puducherry. Following information from a reliable source that he would come to Hyderabad to collect money from a contact, we laid a trap for him and nabbed him at Zaheerabad around 10 am on Saturday,\" Murthy said. He, however, refused to divulge as to who the 'reliable source' was.According to the CID chief, Bhanu has been criss-crossing India ever since he was wanted for Suri's murder. ``After committing the murder, Bhanu went to Delhi via Sholapur, Pune and Mumbai. He stayed at Sharma Lodge along with his gunman Manmohan Singh. Subsequently, he took refuge in Kerala, Karnataka, and Madhya Pradesh. During his stay in Seoni, Madhya Pradesh, Bhanu could obtain various documents, including PAN card and, driving licence, on the name of one Mahesh Kunjuman by paying Rs 3,000 to brokers,'' Ramana Murthy said. Despite being a wanted man, Bhanu managed to elude the long arm of the law by frequently changing his attire so that he would not be recognized, the cops said. Between June 2011 and January 2012, Bhanu stayed put in a small house in Seoni, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12818437", "title": "Illegal dumping of debris poses threat to vegetation in rural areas", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tall trees and flush green vegetation in rural areas in Kangra, adjacent to borders of Hamirpur district, are facing threat from dumping of debris by local builders as well as state public works department.Solid waste of road widening jobs is being dumped in forest areas falling in rural areas here, which also constrict the already thin roads contacting these villages with main towns, sources said.Unloading of debris trucks in the tranquil pine forests here has evoked criticism from local people. Rubble piles can be seen lying in the open near Kangu, Dhaneta and Glod villages of Hamirpur district, they said.\"Green patches in this region, home to lush green vegetation, have become destinations for dumping the debris, which has endangered the valley,\" said Devraj, a local resident of Kangu village.Sources alleged that builders usually avoid taking debris to dumping sites as it involves costs in terms of transportation.Authorities involved in road widening works, despite adopting scientific methods of cut-and-fill method, which minimizes debris, has resorted to dumping of debris, they said.Sources also alleged that due to the weak execution and planning in road widening projects like link roads, state highways or national highways, debris piles have messed up the ambience of localities here, they added.Illicit dumping of debris is mainly done in and around forests falling in rural areas, which are usually out of sight of the masses.After TOI informed forest officials about the debris dumping, they initially refused to have any such information. However, after inquiring the matter at the ground level, they took up the matter with public works department about dumping of debris.\"We have inquired into it and have taken up the matter with executive engineer, PWD at Badsar. They have told us that some road widening work was going on near Kangu, but forest department has asked them not to dump the debris in forest areas. Local builders will also be asked to refrain from dumping debris in forest areas,\" said Pardeep Thakur, DFO, Hamirpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12826929", "title": "Army chief General VK Singh on two-day Varanasi visit", "text": "VARANASI: Army chief General VK Singh arrived here on Sunday on a two-day visit. He made a visit to Sarnath, the holy Buddhist site where Lord Buddha preached his first sermon.In Sarnath, the General visited the archaeological museum of the Archaeological Survey of India, archaeological ruins and Dhammek Stupa. Later, he saw the majestic riverfront and the Ganga Aarati on Dasaswamedh Ghat.Earlier, he had gone to Ballia to attend the unveiling function of the statue of former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar . After returning from Ballia, he went to the 39 Gorkha Training Centre. Before leaving the city on Monday, he will also go to the Kashi Vishwanath Temple to seek blessings of Lord Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827144", "title": "Dammu gets an A certificate", "text": "The NTR-starrer Dammu has been given an \"A\" certificate by the censor board. Director Boyapati Srinu seems to be least perturbed by it. \"I am happy the censor board officials did not order any cuts in the movie except for one dialogue. The rating was because they felt that the action scenes were too graphic. It is a clean film, and I am eagerly looking forward to the release,\" says Srinu. Anyways this isn't a first for the director. All his previous releases - Bhadra, Tulasi, Simha were also rated A on the grounds of excessive violence. They all turned out to be hits though. We'll have to wait and see if the director can make it four in a row with Dammu. At least NTR Jr will be hoping he does as he hasn't had a big hit to his name in a while. Touted to be a high voltage action flick the movie is set to release this Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12825423", "title": "Team Anna to send notices to 14 Union ministers", "text": "NOIDA: Team Anna today decided to send notices to 14 Union ministers, whom they had named as \"corrupt\", seeking their responses to the allegations before going ahead with agitation seeking legal action against them.This was decided at a meeting of Team Anna's Core Committee, attended by Anna Hazare and other prominent members.\"We have decided to send notices to 14 Union Ministers facing serious allegations and whom we have named during our March 25 agitation. We will wait for their responses and after a week we will call a press meet to put in public domain the evidences against them,\" lawyer Prashant Bhushan said.He also said Hazare's national tour will begin next month from Maharashtra.It was also decided that Core Committee members will lead protests in their own states for an effective Lokayukta, he said.Activist Kiran Bedi said they expect the government to pass a strong Lokpal Bill when Parliament resumes its business after the recess next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817797", "title": "Trader robbed, FIR after 3 weeks", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 58-year-old Pawan Sain, a trader, sharing an autorickshaw ride last month with strangers outside New Delhi Railway Station was the worst mistake of his life. His fellow passengers had drugged him, robbed him of all his belongings, and dumped him by the roadside. His next mistake, he feels, was going to the cops to report the matter.Sain, who hails from Sonipat, Haryana, had gone to Ranchi on a personal errand and had returned to Delhi on March 24. After leaving the station around 1pm, Sain was looking for conveyance to go to his Shalimar Bagh home when a stranger approached him. He proposed that both shared an auto since few vehicles were in service that day. And Sain agreed.\"After travelling some distance, another man sat in the auto, while the other put a drugged handkerchief on my nose. I lost consciousness within minutes,\" Sain told TOI, adding that he didn't know what happened later.He regained consciousness four days later, on March 27, and learnt from cops that he was found unconscious near Nirankari Ground. \"The robbers fled with my luggage-which contained around Rs 4.5 lakh cash-my gold chain, rings, some cash in the wallet and my cards,\" Sain said.Surprisingly, however, cops didn't lodge an FIR until April 17. They were not sure which police station should probe the case. Sain had first tried to lodge an FIR at the Jahangirpuri police station; but he was turned back with the reason that since he had been attacked near Paharganj, it was beyond their jurisdiction. At Paharganj, he was told that since he had been found near Jahangirpuri, therefore the local police should probe it. It took three weeks for the cops to sort out the matter, and Paharganj cops lodged the FIR after Jahangirpuri police forwarded the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "sankrail (west midnapore)", "code": "12818112", "title": "3 hurt, houses damaged in political clash", "text": "SANKRAIL (WEST MIDNAPORE): Three persons were injured and five homes were damaged after a clash broke out between Trinamool supporters and CPM cadres at Kalrui village in West Midnapore's Sankrail.The Trinamool supporters alleged that about 20 to 25 of them had taken out a procession on Saturday, when the CPM cadres led by Bimal Mahapatra and Gour Dandapat attacked them. The latter also blocked the procession. they were attacked by A clash between Trinamool Congress workers and CPM cadres left three injured and five homes damaged at Kalrui village in West Midnapore's Sankrail on Saturday. It all began when some 20-25 Trinamool supporters had begun marching in a procession ahead of the Trinamool Youth Congress's West Midnapore district conference in Kharagpur on Sunday.The Trinamool supporters alleged that CPM cadres led by Bimal Mahapatra and Gour Dandapat blocked their procession and beat them up. They further alleged that theCPM men allegedly also attacked the homes of four Trinamool leaders, including booth president Chaitanya Guin, Sukesh Ghosh, Swapan Mohapatra and Gour Dolui. Trinamool supporter Mullika Mohapatra was injured in the attacks and was taken to Sankrail hospital where she was discharged after being given first-aid. Trinamool Sankrail's block presidentThe CPM, however, alleged its local leaders like branch committee member Bimal Mahapatra were forcibly brought out of their homes and asked to join the procession. \"When we refused, I and other party cadres were beaten up. No one from our party is involved in beating up any Trinamool worker,\" asserted Mohapatra. The CPM also alleged that homes of Mohapatra and other party leaders was attacked by Trinamool men.Sankrail police station OC Sivaram Bar said three people have been detained for their involvement in the clash at the village. They are being interrogated, he said.To restore peace, a police post has been positioned in the village, the OC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12826987", "title": "Residents turn 'whistleblowers' to save Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: When the world was celebrating Earth Day on Sunday with a commitment to save the planet, a small group of locals, both adults and minors, adopted the role of 'whistleblowers' and took a novel initiative to stop pollution. With handmade cotton bags in hands and blowing whistles, they assembled on the Harishchandra Ghat, the place named after King Harishchandra whose ancestor Bhagirath brought the holy Ganga from the Heaven to Earth as per Hindu mythology. This band of whistleblowers not only collected wastes thrown along the bank and in the river in bags but also warned other people present there not to pollute the Ganga by blowing whistle.The bags filled with wastes were emptied in the nearby waste bins of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam. From Harishchandra Ghat, the group moved towards Dasaswamedh Ghat, drawing attention of the people and distributing cotton bags and whistles with an appeal to blow whistle if they saw someone polluting the river and to collect at least one kg of waste from the ghats.\"It is a modest initiative in the beginning, but it is a practical approach to save the river from pollutants thrown into it every day,\" believed former Central Information Commissioner OP Kejriwal, who led the whistleblower campaign. According to him, the whistleblower campaign launched under the banner of Mukti Mahasangh, a federation of social organisations, will be a daily phenomenon. The volunteers will spend 90 minutes along the ghats every day in the morning and evening.\"The day when the number of waste removers will be more than the waste throwers, the Ganga will become clean,\" opined Kejriwal, adding that it was wrong to curse the government for river pollution. Rather, every individual would have to play a role in the Ganga cleaning work.Rajiv Srivastava of Vishal Bharat Sansthan said the municipal sewage should not be discharged into the Ganga. \"We pay sewage tax not for dumping the sewage into the Ganga. The municipal authorities should think seriously about it and divert the sewer and drains away from the Ganga,\" he said. The wastewater could be used in irrigation after treatment instead of being discharging it into the river, he pointed out.The social organisations associated with the federation will also begin the whistleblower campaign at other places including Ghazipur, Chandauli and Mirzapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12827532", "title": "Cameraman murder triggers protest", "text": "RAMGARH: Thirty-year-old Sriniwas Sonkar, nicknamed Budul, the cameraman with a local news channel, was shot dead by unidentified persons on a motorcycle late on Saturday. Hundreds of political activists blocked NH-23 for several hours and burnt tyres to protest against the murder.Residents also targeted vehicles plying in the area - breaking windscreens - and continued their protest till late at night and then again on Sunday. Ramgarh SP Anish Gupta and administrative officials rushed to the spot and had to assure the residents of arresting the culprits at the earliest. However, the BJP has called a daylong bandh here on Sunday to protest the killing of the newsman.Budul was returning home in Golpar after having dinner at a restaurant in Jhanta Chowk with his wife and son when he was attacked. \"Unidentified miscreants opened fire at him from close range with a 9mm pistol,\" said police. The bullet-ridden body of the cameraman was brought to the Central Coalfields Limited's Central Hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said police.The SP said personal enmity could have played a role in the murder. \"The killing is the handiwork of sharp shooters who fired five to six rounds.\" that police have begun raids on possible hideouts and sealed all roads in the town.Murderer arrested in Lohardaga: Town police have claimed to have solved the murder and rape of an intermediate student with the arrest of Vinod Oraon, a labourer of the same village. Sushila Kumari, an intermediate student of Nadiya Hindu Inter College and a resident of Gangupara village, was raped and murdered on April 17 night. Vinod was forwarded to judicial custody on Sunday. Police arrested him on Saturday from Neeche Bagary area. Police said Vinod confessed to his crime.\"They had physical relation. The girl got pregnant. On the night of murder, the girl asked Oraon to marry her as he was responsible for her pregnancy. Vinod refused and killed her,\" said Deogam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817319", "title": "Study moots salt tax to lower risk of stroke", "text": "NEW DELHI: There could soon be a cap on how much salt can be put in your crunchy fries.Raising taxes on products containing salt would reduce the incidence of stroke by 4% and heart attack by about 2% in India.A study, presented at the World Congress on Cardiology in Dubai on Saturday by researchers from Harvard Medical School, says voluntary industry reductions in salt content and taxation on products containing salt in 19 developing countries, including India, could reduce the number of deaths each year from cardiovascular disease (CVD) by 3% in these nations. Salt is known to cause high blood pressure or hypertension that is responsible for 57% of death due to stroke and 24% of mortality caused by heart attack in India.Sodium makes blood vessels less able to expand and contract and may toughen heart cells. The World Health Organization (WHO) says an adult should not consume more than 5 gm of salt a day. However, an Indian, on an average, consumes doubles the prescribed intake - 10 gm of salt a day.Experts say just by reducing salt consumption, India can reduce incidents of stroke by 25% and heart attacks by 10%.Dr K Srinath Reddy, president of the World Heart Federation, said, \"The National Institute of Nutrition follows the WHO recommendation of 5 gm salt consumption a day. Unfortunately, an Indian consumes nearly double of that. People will have to be educated on reducing salt use while cooking, besides giving up the habit of adding table salt in their food. We will also have to ensure processed foods don't contain high salt.\"The Harvard study set out to assess the cost-effectiveness of two interventions - voluntary salt reduction by industry and taxation on salt - in 19 developing countries, which represent more than half of the world's population.The required salt reduction levels were modeled on the UK Food Standards Agency experience that set a series of targets for individual food products, leading to a net intake reduction of 9.5% in the country.The analysis found that both strategies would save money by reducing the number of people needing treatment for hypertension and CVD events such as myocardial infarction (heart attacks) and stroke.The study found that these two strategies could reduce the incidence of myocardial infarctions (heart attacks) by up to about 1.7% and 1.47% in China and India, respectively. Reductions would also been seen in the incidence of stroke of 4.7% in China and India (4%).\"These results show that strategies to reduce sodium consumption, even by modest amounts, could lead to significant reductions in CVD mortality in developing countries and potentially save overall healthcare costs associated with these diseases,\" said Dr Thomas Gaziano, assistant professor at Harvard School of Medicine.CVD is the world's biggest killer, claiming 17.3 million lives each year. Projections suggest that CVD will remain the single leading cause of death, and by 2030 will be responsible for 23.6 million deaths each year.The World Heart Foundation says a positive relationship between salt intake and high blood pressure has been established, while salt reduction trials have revealed that a decrease in salt intake is directly related to a drop in blood pressure.Recently, global efforts to set a target for daily salt consumption at 5 gm to reduce deaths due to stroke faced a major setback.The UN Non-Communicable Diseases (NCD) summit in New York had failed to set a global target for reduction in salt consumption levels.Prof Graham MacGregor, chairman of the World Action on Salt and Health (WASH), said, \"This a major setback. We are shocked to hear that major Western countries, which are already reducing salt intake in their own countries, are trying to block salt reduction around the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12818188", "title": "Grandmom finally meets Adele", "text": "MADURAI: It was a joyful and emotional reunion for six-year-old Mexican child Adele and her grandmother, Monica Manrique at the Sakthi Vidiyal children's home on Saturday. The daughter of Martin Manrique, who was arrested for murdering the girl's mother Acosta on April 9, screamed in joy and ran into the arms of her grandmother as soon as she saw her arrive.Overwhelmed, the duo hugged each other and started weeping. Monica Manrique was also accompanied by her daughter, Lorraine and spent more than an hour with Adele. They had also brought some gifts for the child like a toy and a necklace made of beads.After Martin was arrested by the district police for killing his girlfriend, Ceule Denise Acosta and sent to the Puzhal prison, the child had been handed over to Sakthi Vidiyal, a home for children in the outskirts of the city.Vladimir Vazquez Hernandez from the Mexican embassy who had accompanied the relatives said that they were co-ordinating the visit of the families in a very neutral stand. When asked about the claim of the mother's relatives for the child, Vladimir said he was not in a position to discuss the matter. \"The officials in India are extending their full co-operation and the relatives are satisfied over the professional care given to the child at the home. We will not be able to discuss the matter further as the confidentiality of the families has to be taken into consideration,\" he said.Jim Jesudoss, director of Sakthi Vidiyal said that the child was overjoyed by the visit of her relatives. \"She was looking forward to their visit from Friday. The relatives had a long interaction with the child, assuring her that they will come back for her,\" he said.Child Welfare Committee members said that they would interact with the relatives to study the relationship status between the child and grandmother. \"As a DNA test has been ordered on the child, we expect that it will take some more time. Meanwhile, CWC has decided to call for the probationary officer's report from the social defence department to go ahead further,\" S Selva Gomathi, member of CWC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818586", "title": "Parallel power centres hit decision-making: Jaitley", "text": "PATNA: Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said here on Saturday that the decision-making process at the Centre had got paralysed mainly due to there being \"two power centres\" - the North Block, where the PM's office is, and 10 Janpath, the residence of UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi .Jaitley added the two other factors were the tendency in the UPA-II to defer all decisions to a later date, since the PM was not able to function as an independent executive head, and the structural problems of the UPA itself.\"Union finance minister prepares the Union budget, but it is 10 Janpath that decides how the money will be spent,\" Jaitley said, adding: \"The UPA is also undermining the status and independence of Union ministers hailing from its coalition partners, as reflected in the case of railway minister, who said the railway budget cannot be prepared on the diktats of Writer's Building (Kolkata), which the Trinamool Congress chief, Mamata Banerjee , naturally did not like.\"Jaitley was in Patna to release the book 'Beete Dashak Ki Desh Dasha Evam Vartaman Chunautiyan (the country's condition in the bygone decade and present challenges)', a compendium of newspaper articles written by state BJP spokesman Suresh Rungta. Jaitley, in his keynote address, took to explaining the present state of decision-making process under the UPA-II in the light of observations made by PM's economic adviser Kausik Basu that new spurs to economic reforms could be expected only after 2014 parliamentary elections.Bihar deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said that new tensions in Centre-state relations had emerged in the country, and people were electing a leader to become CM, not once but twice, thinking that such leaders other than from Congress alone would be able to fulfil their developmental aspirations. In Congress tradition, CMs were imposed on the legislature party of states from above.Jaitley said that the \"dynastic or family rule\" had become an anachronism in the present situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817341", "title": "PM's doctor first Indian to head WHF", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dr K Srinath Reddy, chief of Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh's medical panel and head of the Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI), on Saturday became the first Indian to head the World Heart Federation (WHF).He was unanimously elected as the WHF president at the ongoing World Congress of Cardiology in Dubai.And his first major mission when he returns home will be to prod the government to further tax tobacco products. In an exclusive interview from Dubai , Dr Reddy told TOI that reducing tobacco consumption is the single biggest effort needed to curb cardio vascular deaths.According to him, the taxes on cigarettes aren't high enough in India to deter youth from taking up smoking. He added that the taxes of beedis were exceptionally low.\"Taxes can be a very effective tool in reducing tobacco consumption in India. We need to increase taxes of cigarettes, beedis and smokeless tobacco products immediately,\" said Dr Reddy.Around 275 million Indians consume tobacco. Of these, 138 million Indian smokers do not know that smoking causes stroke and 92 million aren't even aware that tobacco causes heart disease.Studies have shown that a 10% rise on beedi prices would result in a 9.2% reduction in beedi consumption, while a 10% spurt in cigarette prices would reduce cigarette consumption by 3.4%.In India, 10 lakh deaths are attributed annually to tobacco alone. It is estimated that by 2020, tobacco use will account for 13% of all deaths in India every year. Almost 35% adults (15 years and above) consume tobacco in India (47% men and 21% women).The Union health ministry recently wrote to all states asking them to either levy or increase VAT on all tobacco products - cigarettes, beedis, smokeless tobacco (gutka and pan masala), snuff and beedi leaves.The letter said, \"Tobacco use leads to a huge burden of disease, disability and death thus imposes high healthcare and productivity costs. As per health cost study conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research, the cost of treatment of just three diseases caused by tobacco - cancer, lung disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease - accounted for roughly 25% of all public spending on health.\"It added, \"One of the effective ways to reduce tobacco consumption is by making the per unit price higher so as to make them unaffordable or the susceptible population such as the poor or children or youth.\"Experts say taxes on tobacco products in India fall well below the rate recommended by the World Bank - from 65% to 80% of the retail price.Taxes on beedis are exceptionally low, averaging only 9% of the retail price, while cigarette taxes account for about 38% of the retail price. About 5,500 people take to tobacco consumption daily. It is estimated that raising the tax - from 7% to 33% for beedis and from 43% to 58% for cigarettes - would conservatively lead to about 14 million smokers quitting and 27 million children never taking to this pernicious habit. The move can save 69 million years of healthy life over the next 40 years.The increase would also generate about Rs 73 billion, or an additional 1.2% of government revenue.A study, undertaken by the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy in 2010, had demonstrated that the health impact of a 52.8% increase in beedi price would avert 4.6 million premature deaths among current smokers and generate Rs 36.9 billion for the government.An increase of cigarette prices by 158% would avert an additional 1.8 million premature deaths among current smokers and generate Rs 146.3 billion. Almost a third of Indians - 57% of all men and 11% of all women - consume some form of tobacco, and many use more than one type of tobacco product.Beedis are the most popular tobacco product used in India. Beedis account for nearly 85% of total smoked tobacco in India. In terms of volume; cigarettes comprise less than 15% of all smoked tobacco, but contribute about 85% of tobacco taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12818535", "title": "Agitation by teachers, lecturers may delay board results", "text": "AMBALA: Courtesy delayed action on the part of Haryana education department as well as Haryana Board of School education (HBSE), over 2.75 lakh students, who have appeared in the class XII board exams, are faced with delayed results as college lecturers refuse to evaluate the exam answer sheets.The government had approached the college lecturers, who were approached by board, as around 6,000 school lectures had refrained from evaluating more then 8 lakh answer sheets for want of increase in remuneration to be paid by boards.Master grade teachers who were deputed for evaluating 10th class exam papers of the board had also stayed away from evaluation. They have, however, returned to work on Saturday as they are satisfied with board's assurance.Besides, the agitating school lecturers had also protested videography of the centres where answerbooks are to be evaluated. As per calendar by the board and Haryana government, the board has to declare the results in May so that students could sit in competitive exams and other professional courses of higher education.Even as officers in education department and boards have given verbal assurance about accepting the demands, school lecturers have refused to budge in the absence of written assurance or notification by government of Haryana.It is learned that the board has officially announced hiked remuneration of Rs 9 for evaluation of class XII exams, against an existing rate of Rs 6, and Rs 7 per answersheet for class X against an existing rate of Rs 5.\"This is just a verbal assurance by (HBSC) board . Instead of issuing press release, the board or government should have notified the same. We shall not return to work untill we get a notification or office order,\"said Guljar Singh, president of Ambala zone, Haryana Govt School Lecturers Association.Roshal Lal, resident of Mahesh Nagar, Ambala Cantt, said, \"My daughter and nephew had appeared in 12th exams. No one is going to suffer due to this strike except us.\"Gyan Chand Sharma, resident of Sahzadpur town of the district, said, \"If teachers are evaluating answer sheets so half-heartedly, how one can expect quality in work.\"Meanwhile, when contacted, education minister Geeta Bhukkal expressed surprise over the development. I am surprised as to why officials have not put the decisions in official communication. So is the role of agitating teachers as they call for strike only at the time of examinations or preparation of results. Though we have already issued directions for immediate action, such practices by teachers are unacceptable,'' the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12817969", "title": "Murder bid foiled; 11 in police custody", "text": "UDUPI: Udupi police late on Friday busted a gang which had landed in this temple town planning to rob and murder a couple.Police arrested 11 persons from various parts of the city in connection with the case. The accused are Shakeel Ahmed, Zakir Hussain , Santhosh Poojary, Harish Kharvi, Guruprasad Shetty, Ravi Kiran, Saleem, Mahesh Poojary, Mustafa, Basheer, and Sudhir Poojary.The gang headed by 'Golden' Suresh and his associates intended to take revenge by killing Mahendra-Anupama couple, and their brother-in-law Shabareesh of Manipal over a personal issue and rob them of their gold jewellery.MB Boralingaiah, Superintendent of Police, told reporters on Saturday that Manipal police inspector Sadananda T received information that Suresh and his gang intended to kill the couple and were coming to Manipal in a vehicle.This information was passed on to senior police officials - SP and Prabhudev Mane, deputy superintendent of police, Udupi, who immediately formed three teams and sent them out in search of the accused.Police kept watch at Syndicate Circle, Manipal, Uday Kitchen Store of Industrial area and Sigma Bar, Manipal.One of the teams spotted 6-8 persons moving suspiciously in an Alto car and in two motorcycles near Sigma Bar. Police intercepted the vehicles and nabbed the occupants. While searching the car, they found four persons in the car, and two persons each astride the other two motorcycles. Police also recovered arms hidden in these vehicles.The other team watching at Uday Kitchen Store spotted a silver colour Maruti Omni car (KA 05-D-2055) moving towards Shantinagar.When police chased the vehicle, its driver took a U-turn and started moving at high speed towards Mangala colony. When police tried to nab the suspects, two of them came out with swords and attacked the police, one of whom in self defence, fired two rounds in the air. Another policeman also fired one round in the air.Police then nabbed three accused here. After thorough search and interrogation of 11 suspects, police recovered 11 swords, one chopper, 13 cellphones and two cars.DGP AR Infant has announced a special reward of Rs 25,000 to the police team. The SP will get Rs 15,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12816946", "title": "Actor Shahid Kapoor files complaint against female fan", "text": "MUMBAI: Shahid Kapoor is used to female attention, but a woman in her mid-30s, believed to be the daughter of yesteryear actor Raaj Kumar, seems to have gone too far in her devotion to the actor, who has now filed a police complaint against her for harassment.In his complaint to the Versova police, Kapoor said the woman, Vastavikta Pandit, has been creating disturbance for the last few days by entering the compound of the building Shahid resides in. She allegedly follows Shahid in her car and, at times, stands in front of his vehicle. In one instance, she reportedly overtook Shahid's car and blocked his way. The actor's bodyguards had to intervene to get the woman out of the way.Source said the actor has been avoiding taking action against the woman, who has allegedly been telling people that she is Shahid's wife.According to sources, Vastavikta has even tailed Shahid to his shooting locations and has been chasing him for some time now. Fed up, Shahid is believed to be looking for a house in Bandra, said sources.Vastavikta was not available for comment.Said inspector Nandkumar Mhetar of the Versova police station, \"It is a non-cognizable offence and we can, at best, warn her against harassing the actor in future.\"Vastavikta made her film debut in 2006 with Karan Razdan's Eight Shani, which failed to impress at the box office. She has been struggling to make a career as an actor and has been calling on film producers. A few years ago, she allegedly stalked a filmmaker to ask for work. She would frequently arrive on his sets and send him SMSs at odd hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12818014", "title": "Anti Naxal Force-Naxal face off in Belthangady", "text": "MANGALORE: Personnel of Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) have recovered an unprimed hand grenade, one barrel of double barrel breech loading (DBBL) gun, and other material from Panjalbetta in Belthangady taluk here.ANF personnel on Saturday traded fire with Naxalites who, numbering two to three, opened fire on the team patrolling in the area under Venoor police station limits. There was no loss of life on either side.Alok Kumar, Inspector-General of Police (ANF) monitoring the operations, told STOI that the ANF personnel were on combing operations when they were fired upon.\"The exchange of fire lasted around a minute,\" Alok said, adding that the Naxalites fled the area leaving behind grenade, gun, ground sheets used in training camps, a pickaxe, literature and clothes. The area is some four-five kilometres from Panjalbetta and around 10-km from Kotyanthadka, he said.Incidentally, Vittal Malekudiya, a PG student of Mangalore University arrested by ANF last month on charges of being a naval sympathizer, had taken them to the area, but not the exact spot where the exchange of fire took place, he said.Abhishek Goyal, Superintendent of Police, said while the exact number of Naxalites involved in the skirmish could not be ascertained, they could not be more than three. Information given by Vittal has helped ANF keep a tight leash on movement of Naxalites in the area, the SP said. A case has been registered at Venoor police station under Unlawful Assembly Prevention Act, 1967, and Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817756", "title": "HC acquits 12 in 2002 Gujarat massacre case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday acquitted all 12 people who had been convicted in the 2002 massacre at Ghodasar village in Kheda district. This was among the first post-Godhra riots cases where the accused had been sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, rioting and unlawful assembly.The 12 had originally been convicted by a trial court in Nadiad in December 2003, for killing 14 people in five separate incidents. The victims had been killed on March 3, 2002, in the fields surrounding Ghodasar, Jinjir, Jalanpur and Nana Sindhoda villages in Kheda district while they were trying to escape mobs.The statements of five eye witnesses had led to the convictions, while 51 others had been acquitted. Thirty-one of the accused were nabbed from a vehicle with arms, hours after the massacre, but the witnesses did not testify against them during the trial.Police officers were able to recover bodies of 13 victims. They also found the burnt remains of one body, believed to be that of Madinabibi. Forensic experts, however, were not able to confirm the identity.Hearing the appeal, a division bench of justice A L Dave and justice N V Anjaria acquitted the men after their counsel questioned the evidence. The defence lawyer said the witnesses were present in a relief camp after the massacre, but turned up to testify before the police only four days later, on March 7, 2002. The accused contended that the eyewitnesses' statements, which were key to the case, were not consistent.The two main accused Bhima Lakha and Mera Rama were absconding for almost eight years. They were tried for murder and rioting after their arrests, but all witnesses turned hostile and the court acquitted them.Advocate Sameer Khan, who represented a witness in the high court, alleged that a compromise had been struck between the witnesses and the accused and requested the judges to look into the issue. Khan said this was a case of evidence being tampered with to influence witnesses. The judges, however, said they could not deal with the issue as it was not part of the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "the first rule of masculinity is that you don't talk about masculinity , much less ask questions about it", "code": "12818965", "title": "Real men want to talk about sex", "text": "The first rule of masculinity is that you don't talk about masculinity , much less ask questions about it: it's a bit like Fight Club, but extended to a significant part of the life experience of half the human race. I want to hear men talk about what it means to be one. I suspect I'm not the only one. So, partly out of pure curiosity, and partly in the name of research for a book I'm putting together , I decided to ask some of my internet followers what masculinity, sex and gender meant to them.I decided to ask the sort of questions I always want to put to my closest male friends in drunken moments. What were your early sexual experiences? How does pornography affect the way you have sex? Why do you think some men abuse women? Is there really a crisis in masculinity ? I drew up the list of questions with a promise to keep all answers anonymous, and asked for volunteers on Twitter.The response was overwhelming. Where I had hoped for 10 or 20 replies, I received hundreds in the first few hours. Many replies opened with expressions of relief - \"I've never encountered anyone or anything that was interested in the general ideas men have about masculinity.\"It's true that men are almost never encouraged to talk about their experience of gender.I learned a lot from reading the replies to my survey. There were answers that made my heart flutter - \"To me, being a man is about outrageously loving my wife\" - and others that made me giggle alone in my bedroom, like when one young man confessed that he never feels more masculine than when he's asked to remove a difficult lid.Some of the answers were riddled with fear of being judged. \"Society pushes men to live up a construct of alpha male behaviour: being sexually aggressive , emotionally detached, competitive with each other.\"Real men, we are told, don't question masculinity. Even to raise the issue would be to admit uncertainty, and uncertainty is for women. The first thing little boys learn at school is that there's nothing in the world worse than being \"like a girl\" , with the possible exception of being \"gay\" . So men keep quiet. If they happen to cry easily, if they happen to be uninterested in competition, sports or drinking, if they are physically timid, if they don't feel ready for sex, if they aren't aroused by digitally enhanced, soft-porn women, or submissive women, or women, the last thing they're supposed to do is talk about it. That might give the game away. It might reveal that male power is fallible, and vulnerable, and nothing but human. The time has come to give the game away. The time has come to have an honest talk about masculinity.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818158", "title": "'Need a kintwear park'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vinod Thapar, president, Ludhiana Knitwear Club said he met Kamal Oswal with a delegation of industrialists and requested him to apprise the government of a strong need of a Knitwear Park in the city.Thapar said they have also raised the issue of the need of a common exhibition hall for hosiery units in the city which can be used as a common facility by the industry for organising international exhibitions. Kamal has promised that he will definitely take up these matters with the chief minister and the deputy chief minister, he added.Harish Kairpal, owner of VH Hosiery mills also said the reappointment of Kamal Oswal as industrial adviser was a good decision and that the industry was pinning in a lot of hopes from his reappointment thinking that the same would help in improving the condition of the hosiery and the textile industry. Dinesh Bajaj, managing director of the Bajaj Knits said that the hosiery industry was facing a lot of problems and that the Industry requires certain steps to be taken by the state government to improve the situation.Rajinder Bhushan Maini, owner of the Maini Hosiery mils also said there was a lot of Panchayati land available with the government that could be granted for the setting up of a Knitwear park or an exhibition hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12816873", "title": "Parents protest withholding of marks", "text": "MARGAO: A group of parents of students of Vidya Vikas Academy on Saturday, lodged a complaint with the Margao police against the principal of the Margao-based high school for withholding the progress reports of the students for non-payment of fees.The parents alleged that by refusing to give the progress reports of the students, the principal has violated the Goa Education Act 1984 and Rules 1986, and is liable to be prosecuted.Before lodging the police complaint, the parents marched to the office of the school principal demanding an explanation. The principal, Alan Rodrigues, pointed out that the revised fee structure had the sanction of the department of education and that the report cards of students were withheld as per the school management's decision. Apparently peeved over the \"unsatisfactory\" explanation, the parents lodged the complaint.Pointing out that a PIL has been pending in the high court of Bombay at Goa against an arbitrary fee hike by private unaided schools over objections that the school has been charging the parents \"illegal fees\" which some parents have refused to pay, the parents alleged in the complaint that \"nowhere in the Goa Education Act 1984 and Rules 1986 does it mention that the progress cards of the students can be withheld for non-payment of fees\".\"The Supreme Court, in a judgment, has clearly stated that schools cannot withhold report cards for non-payment of fees,\" the complaint further states.The Margao police said that they would verify the allegations made out in the complaint before registering any offence.The president of Vidya Vikas Academy, Ramnath Kare, said that the management had received the approval from the department of education some four-five months ago. \"Of the 1,200-odd students, parents of hardly some 20-25 students had failed to pay the raised fees for the last two years, stating that they would pay up once the approval is received from the education department. Now, even after receiving the required approval, they have failed to pay the fees. That is why we had decided to withhold the report cards of these students,\" Kare said, adding that he has already instructed the principal to release the report cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12827015", "title": "Physically challenged participate in Ganga tapasya", "text": "VARANASI: Vande Matram Sangharsh Samiti, along with Maharshi Patanjali Kanya Gurukul and Jeevan Jyoti Viklang Kalyan Sewa Samiti, showed their support for the Ganga by participating in the 'Ganga tapasya' at Tapasya Sthal, Shankaracharya Ghat, on Sunday.The 'Ganga tapasya' began with Geeta recital followed by enchanting Vedic mantras on Sunday.Arun Singh of Jeevan Jyoti Viklang Kalyan Sewa Samiti said: \"The cause of the Ganga has awakened every person in the city. If same situation will prevail, soon physically challenged people will also start a fast and protest from the district headquarters to New Delhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827524", "title": "Ravi Teja to play a Casanova?", "text": "It was recently announced that director Ravi Teja is teaming with director Gopichand Mallineni again for the film. The two had worked together in Don Seenu earlier which went on to be a big hit. Buzz has it that the filmmakers have decided to title the film Playboy. Buzz has it that the Mass Maharaja will be playing a Casanova in this movie. Writer Kona Venkat who wrote the script did not give out any details though. \"It's too early to talk about the film. All I can say is that this movie is going to be a complete mass entertainer. The character is tailor made for Ravi Teja and the movie will have some high octane action along with the typical entertainment quotient that we associate with his films,\" says Kona Venkat. The writer narrated the story to Ravi Teja in Bangkok where the actor was shooting for Devudu Chesina Manushulu. Prasad V Potluri is producing the movie on his home banner. The filmmakers are looking for a female lead for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817702", "title": "Gujarat bags PM's award for excellence in public administration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat government has been conferred with the Prime Minister's Award for Excellence in Public Administration for the year 2010-11 for the initiative entitled 'Participatory Watershed Management Programme.'The award was received by Ram Kumar, chief executive officer of Gujarat State Watershed Management Agency (GSWMA) on the occasion of the Civil Service Day held in New Delhi on Saturday.GSWMA is the agency that had implemented the integrated watershed management programme across Gujarat state. The main aims of the programme is to restore the ecological balance by harnessing, conserving and developing degraded natural resources such as soil, vegetative cover and water. The outcomes proposed are prevention of soil run-off, regeneration of natural vegetation, rain water-harvesting and recharging of the ground water table. This is expected to enable multi-cropping and introduction of diverse agro-based activities, which will help provide sustainable livelihoods to people residing in the watershed area.Kumar said that right from the planning phase of the project, scientific tools have been used to ensure accuracy and efficiency. He further said that in total an area of 21.34 lakh hectare with an outlay of Rs 2,769.72 crore has been covered under the programme.He added that for the first time in a programme, livelihood activities too had been included so that landless people area could also accrue the benefits.One of the remotest villages Eval in Patan district which was a parched village is now cultivating castor and 10 farmers are also cultivating cumin seeds there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816407", "title": "Dad's second marriage tough on us as kids: Arjun Kapoor", "text": "It's less than a month since his mother passed away. Less than 20 days before his first film hits theatres. Standing at a bitter-sweet fork, Boney Kapoor's reticent son Arjun Kapoor decides he's finally ready to talk. His first ask-me-any-question interview, with Tinaz NooshianArjun Kapoor doesn't know me. He's not meant to. I'm not the celebrity. He is. Or at least, will be once his debut film hits theatres next month. He knows every Hindi film journalist by face. \"I've grown up around them. I'm a truly filmi child,\" says the actor, stripping his faraway eyes of a pair of Prada glares.\"I don't traditionally cover Bollywood,\" I offer, in defence.\"That's good. Let's chat.\"The 26-year-old son of producer Boney Kapoor and his first wife, late Mona Shourie Kapoor, is telling me something about happiness; and that's a bit odd because of the timing. His mother passed away on March 25. \"I'm happiest when in front of the camera, and I didn't know it until I got up there.\"Kapoor's first film, Ishaqzaade , is the upshot of a life-changing chat with a superstar, a change of plan, a diet from another moon, and consistent grind. At the end of it, what he is sitting with is public curiosity and industry chatter about being the hot, raw talent Bollywood is hungry for.It hasn't been easy, he assures me. \"The cast was freezing in Lucknow's single digit temperatures, but dressed in ganjis , and acting like they were hot and sticky, because that's how the scene was written! If that's not tough, what is?\" he asks with characteristic wit that's leisurely revealing itself, while he shifts his weight onto another foot, to reveal a pair of lived-in flip flops.Which brings him to a weakness. \"I'm always in chappals. Salman bhai (Khan) fires me for wearing them. My dad says I walk like a lethargic idiot in them. You know, I could be in track pants and chappals all my life. Unless, I'm given a suit. So, it's a choice between James Bond and vagabond.\"Kapoor knows his life is about to change, his privacy slayed. But he is \"willing to pay a small price\". He's going to have to be ready for questions, even uncomfortable ones. It seems he's treating his first press chat like a test-run. \"Will I pass?\" he asks, raising a shaggy eyebrow.May 11 will tell.Excerpts:Is this your first interview?Yes.Are you nervous?Slightly.Your producers issued a statement calling Ishaqzaade the most promising debutant production of the year. What they are saying is, you are the guy to watch out for, the next probable superstar. What sort of pressure does that put on you?You will find stardom at some point, if you work towards being a successful actor. I'm fine with expectations. I'd rather they say that about me than something not nice. But it takes years to become a star. Salman Khan is one. Right now, I just want to be an actor.They've been cagey about sharing information on the film, other than that it's a love story set against the backdrop of a political feud. What more can you tell me?The film is set in a fictitious town in North India. What people perhaps haven't caught from the trailer is the politics running beneath the love story. It's at the core of the plot, just the way it is for most people in small-town India.Who is Parma? What's he like?He is the typical country boy. He speaks and acts before he thinks or feels. There's not much to worry him. His grandfather is a powerful politician, so life is sorted. He rarely plans. He just goes ahead and does. And it's the same when he falls in love.Is that close to who Arjun is?I've never been in a fight, not even while in college. But that's probably because I was rarely at college (laughs). No, seriously, I've never been beaten. Parma gets down and dirty. He lets his emotions show. I internalise things. My sorrows and joys are private.How did you manage the mental switch? How did the privileged Juhu boy inside you become Parma?Habib (Faisal; director) told me I'd have to let Arjun depart from my system. 'You think you know what a small-town boy is like. But that's an urban man's perception,' he said. He engineered the transformation. That I was cast before anyone else, helped because I spent that much more time with Habib, asking him a million questions. He had lived with Parma in his head, since he has written the film.Are you the sort, then, who trains to become the character. Or do you land up on set and roll?We spent weeks in Lucknow, where we shot the film over 90 days, interacting with locals. I saw how they spoke, and walked. I walk very differently from the way Parma does. He throws his head up, at a tilt. His shoulders are flared, hands off the sides of his body. He walks like he has arrived. I had to learn that.Acting workshops with Habib in Mumbai helped me open up. He got me to learn Kalaripayattu, a martial arts form from Kerala. The power of those movements altered my body language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816702", "title": "'Superstition main reason behind evil customs'", "text": "NAGPUR: In order to enlighten the audience about the never-ending grave issues of honour killing and female foeticide, NGO Dyanyoddha organized a seminar where known poetess and social reformist Indira Kislay spoke about these two social evils. Being blinded by superstitions is the main reason why such evil customs prevail, she reasoned.\"Some Indians tend to believe that the spirit enters the foetus only in the sixth month of pregnancy and any killing before that is non-violent and totally acceptable. Moreover, gold, land and women are considered parts of property in our patriarchal society. In many parts of our country, killing of youth in the name of tradition is considered gratifying,\" she lamented. Though it is generally assumed that such incidents take place in the poorer sections of the society but in reality, the rich are responsible for most such cases as they have no scarcity of either money or facilities, she added.Moderator of the seminar, Vijay Mokashi expressed concern over the way in which some of the doctors and private clinics continue flouting the norms by performing sex identification tests. \"Wardha alone has around 37 centres where ultrasound and identification is carried out. In total, there are approximately 30,000 such private clinics running in the state,\" he informed.The audience mostly consisted of aged and elderly people who kept giving their inputs regarding the issue, raising some interesting questions and discussing. Kislay was unhappy with the fact that despite being important issues, they were only taken up for debate at the social level and no solid action is taken against the offenders.\"Female foeticide is thought to be a personal matter while honour killing is a political one. As a result, the society sits helpless ... going from bad to worse,\" she said. However, she ended by saying that everybody in the society needs to take small steps towards eradication of such social practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12748950", "title": "Oru Kal Oru Kannadi to be remade in Bollywood", "text": "There is lot of demand of Tamil films in Bollywood. We heard after Vettai, Rajesh's Oru Kal Oru Kannadi will be remade in Hindi.Oru Kal Oru Kannadi is Udhayanidhi Stalin's debut film and a big Tamil hit. Hansika played the female lead opposite Udhayanidhi Stalin.According to current buzz a leading Bollywood production house has approached the makers of Oru Kal Oru Kannadi with the intention of buying the remake rights of this entertainer. It is also believed that the makers of the film are planning a Telugu remake as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "12816928", "title": "250km from Bangalore, this tribe still has to live on trees", "text": "MADIKERI: At a time when man is looking at setting foot on Mars, a tribe living about 250km from technology hub Bangalore has trees as home. They have lived this way for more than six decades.Around 40 people belonging to Jenu Kuruba tribe in Banavara village of Somwarpet taluk have made trees their home. They skillfully climb trees to reach their wooden homes - often as high as 50-60 feet - where they live in families of up to six members.\"They have been living this way for the past 65 years, but nobody seems to be bothered about it, be it local administration or the government,\" said Roy David, secretary of the Coorg Organization for Rural Development, an NGO.\"It's as if they are still living in the Stone Age.\" Interestingly, they vote during elections, easily falling to the lure of liquor offered by politicians.\"We are fed up of living like this, but can't help it,\" said Ajju, a Jenu Kurubas. Other members of the tribe like Kencha, Shankara, Lingaraju, Shivabasappa and Kala echoed him. No child from any of the 16 Jenu Kuruba families goes to school.Some of the tribals have built thatched huts on the ground close to their tree houses for their women. But it seems to make more sense to continue living on trees as it protects them from marauding elephants. The tree houses double as watch towers for the men to alert the women about the movement of elephants.The Jenu Kurubas, who number one lakh and are largely located in the Karnataka Western Ghats, are excellent hunters and fishermen. But like city dwellers, they face a serious drinking water problem. They routinely trek 2-3 km to fetch water.\"The tribals should get community rights. They should be provided basic minimum facilities,\" said David.When contacted, local MLA Appachu Ranjan said he would soon visit the area and make efforts to improve the living conditions of the tree dwellers. \"I have asked officials to submit a report and recommend necessary action,\" he said.Times ViewThat people still have to live on trees is absolutely shameful. The condition of the Jenu Kurubas of Banavara village, unchanged for 65 years, reflects the neglect of voiceless people - a rot that has crept into our system. Successive governments, elected representatives and bureaucrats are to blame for this sorry state of affairs. What is particularly galling is that these tribals vote in elections, but reap no fruits of democracy. At least now, people in power should wake up and provide basic living conditions to this hapless community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "palakkad", "code": "12818469", "title": "UDF loses power in Ottappalam municipality", "text": "PALAKKAD: The UDF was voted out of power in the Ottappalam municipality on Saturday.A rebellion by three Congress councillors and support from two BJP councillors saw municipal chairperson Rani Jose of the Congress losing the no-confidence motion moved by the CPM. Twenty one of the 36 members voted in favour of the motion. There were only 24 members present in the council.It was last year that the UDF came to power for the first time since Ottappalam municipality was formed. Of the 36 councillors, the LDF and UDF have 16 each; the remaining four are from the BJP.On Saturday, the Palakkad DCC leadership directed all Congress councillors to abstain from voting, but three -- S Selvan, K Babu and Parukkutty -- voted favouring the no-confidence motion. All the three have since been expelled from the party.Five CPM rebels, three Muslim League councillors, two BJP members and two Congress councillors refrained from voting.In the council where no party had the majority, UDF had been clinging to power with the support of rebels. The LDF had brought a non-confidence motion against the vice chairman on April 23.Quits party: Meanwhile, a group of CPM workers led by Pattambi area committee member Ahammed Kunji quit the party to join the Congress.On March 28, the council witnessed a violent scuffle between thetreasury benches and the opposition when the UDF allegedly tried to pass the budget without majority in the council. Three councillors -- chairperson Rani Jose of the Congress, and CPM members Sasidharan P and Latha T were injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12818126", "title": "India\u2019s rheumatic heart disease risk significantly higher", "text": "NEW DELHI: Incidence of rheumatic heart disease (RHD), a chronic heart condition caused by rheumatic fever, is much higher in India than what is being believed.Months after TOI was the first to report that RHD among Indian children could be 20 times more than what is believed, a study presented at the ongoing World Congress of Cardiology (WCC) in Dubai on Saturday said RHD is significantly under-treated in India.The study, conducted by South African researchers, have found that only 36% of patients with moderate or severe disease and only 20% of those, who have undergone valve-replacement surgery in India and Africa, are receiving secondary prophylaxis with penicillin. Only 41% of patients enrolled in the study had received surgery.A study, conducted by AIIMS in and around the national Capital to see prevalence of RHD among children in northern India, had found prevalence of 20.4/1,000 school children as against 1/1,000 children earlier believed.RHD was twice as prevalent among children between 11 and 15 years (prevalence of 26.5 per 1,000 children) compared to children between 5 and 10 years (12.6 per 1,000 children).Girls had a higher prevalence of RHD (27.9/1,000) compared to boys (13.3/1,000).The study said though RHD was thought to be on the wane in India because of improving standards of living, the estimated prevalence of echocardiograpically detected RHD in the country was comparable to those measured in Mozambique (21.5 cases per 1,000).Dr K Srinath Reddy, the new president of the World Heart Federation, said, \"RHD is a priority for us and cannot be neglected anymore. Though India feels it has managed to control RHD, the prevalence of the disease is still high in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Penicillin is the most basic requirement to treat RHD but most pharmaceutical companies aren't making them anymore leading to its shortage.\"Dr Liesl Zuklhe from Red Cross Children's Hospital, University of Cape Town, said, \"Across Africa and India it is widely known by cardiologists that many patients with RHD do not have access to the healthcare they need. These results unfortunately show that even those that are being treated are not receiving the care they need, for a variety of reasons. These preliminary results are the first step in really understanding the extent of the problems that the RHD community is facing. \"These data represent the first findings from the RHD global registry (REMEDY), which is going on in about 30 centres in Africa, West Asia and India.Five hundred and seventy-nine patients from 10 sites in Africa and India were enrolled in the REMEDY study during the first 10-month pilot period as part of a global effort to better understand the situation.RHD is a chronic heart condition caused by rheumatic fever that can be prevented and controlled. Rheumatic fever is caused by a preceding group A streptococcal (strep) throat infection. Treating strep throat with antibiotics can prevent rheumatic fever. Regular antibiotics (usually by injections every three to four weeks) can prevent patients with rheumatic fever from contracting further strep infections and causing progression of valve damage.RHD is a substantial global health problem that can result in irreversible heart damage and death. It occurs predominately in developing countries and is also common in poorer populations in middle-income countries (Brazil, India) and some indigenous populations in wealthy countries (Australia, New Zealand). RHD will continue to be a global problem unless current prevention initiatives are expanded and sustained.Previous estimates state that more than 15 million people have RHD and that 350,000 people die each year, while many more are left disabled. Dr Anita Saxena from AIIMS said RHD can cause chronic heart valve damage that can eventually lead to heart failure. She said in case of an RHD, two valves of the heart among the four get affected. The mitrial valve is the commonest sufferer. \"Echocardiographic screening for RHD must be done more rigorously,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12818563", "title": "Senior British diplomat assaulted, robbed in London", "text": "London: A senior British diplomat, scheduled to take over as the governor of Bermuda, was assaulted and robbed in central London, the Metropolitan police today said.George Fergusson, 56, was mugged on Friday while he was walking in Margravine Cemetery and Park, also known as Hammersmith Cemetery, in Hammersmith.The diplomat received facial injuries in the attack. Fergusson works at the Foreign &amp; Commonwealth Office, and is scheduled to take up the post of Governor of Bermuda, a British Overseas Territory.The police have appealed for information and witnesses. The victim made his own way to hospital, the police said, and added he suffered facial injuries, including a serious injury which threatens the sight in his left eye.A small quantity of cash was taken. The police said that according to initial investigation, robbery was the only motive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12818524", "title": "20 kg heroin seized from smugglers", "text": "AMRITSAR: The state special operation cell (SSOC) recovered 20 kg of heroin valued at around Rs 100 crore in the international market, two .30 bore pistols and and Rs 12 lakh Indian currency notes, following the arrest of two cross-border smugglers on Saturday.The assistant inspector general of SSOC, Satinder Singh informed that two smugglers Avtar Singh alias Jagtar Singh alias Tari and Sarwan Singh, alias Sahib Singh alias Sabha, both residents of Shahoor Kalan , Gurdaspur were apprehended near Muradpur village on Fatehgarh Churian road where they had gone to deliver the consignment of narcotics.According to the preliminary investigation both of them were active in Gurdaspur and Amritsar areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12816140", "title": "No fertile men in 50 years as sperm counts slide?", "text": "MUMBAI: Blame it on growing levels of stress , obesity or pollutants in the air, counts of the microscopic sperm are falling and causing mega concern across the globe. One estimate holds that it has fallen by as much as 50% in the last 50 years.Dr P M Bhargava, who worked out the Indian guidelines for assisted reproductive techniques (which are soon expected to become the law), said the trend of falling sperm counts was noticed in the mid-90s in the West. \"Some doctors in India believe that sperm counts are falling locally too,\" he said, adding that the western studies show that counts have been falling by 2% every year. \"At this rate, there would be no fertile men left in the next 40-50 years,\" added the Hyderabad-based Bhargava, who is counted among India's foremost scientists.A couple of years back, a study from Scotland of 7,500 men who attended the Aberdeen Fertility Centre between 1989 and 2002 showed that average sperm concentrations fell by nearly 30%. Another study from Copenhagen found a newer reason apart from alcohol abuse, smoking and obesity for this decline -endocrine disrupters. \"Many everyday substances such as plastic buckets (or milk bottles) emit chemicals that are similar to estrogen, the female hormone,'' said Bhargava. It is exposure to the female hormone-like chemicals that could be reducing the sperm count in men, believe a school of scientists. Commonly used pesticides such as DDT and dioxins have been named as culprits.Many disagree. Infertility specialist Dr Aniruddha Malpani said endocrine disrupters are just one of the unproven theories floating around to explain falling sperm counts. \"It is the most famous theory , but it hasn't been proven yet,'' he said. Rising infertility is a problem for both men and women due to late marriages and delayed child-bearing, he added.Dr Anjali Malpani gives a statistical break-up of how sperm counts have been falling steadily over the decades. \"When we started Mumbai's first sperm bank two decades ago, we would get donors who would easily have counts of 40-60 million spermatozoa per millilitre,'' she said. But in 2009-end, the World Health Organization (WHO) revised its definition of normal sperm count to 20 million per ml. So, the Malpani sperm bank only rejects potential donors whose counts are below 15 million per ml. \"In 1950, the WHO itself had pegged the normal count as 113 million per ml,\" she added.Sperm donation itself has undergone a sea change in Mumbai. \"Two decades ago, when we set up the city's first sperm bank, we were asked how we could use such a word openly. It was difficult to get donors because men would say they didn't want lookalikes walking down the streets 20 years hence,\" said Anjali Malpani.Now, Mulund-based sperm bank Trivector gets six to seven potential donors walking in every day. \"About 70% of them are rejected because of the stringent selection criteria,\" said Trivector's Dilip Patil, adding that college students come in to donate for extra money. \"We get students from Mulund, neighbouring Navi Mumbai and western suburbs that are close by.''However, very few from south Mumbai opt to donate at his clinic. \"We do have some donors who come in swanky cars and donate because it is a noble cause. There is a CEO who drives down to Mumbai to donate sperms on a regular basis,\" added Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817035", "title": "Chief of the Army Staff lays stress on adapting to current security challenges", "text": "LUCKNOW: General VK Singh, Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) on Saturday addressed the officers of Central Command and Lucknow Garrison at the Surya auditorium on Saturday. In his invigorating speech the general complimented the Surya fraternity for their dedication and excellent work in operations and training.Singh emphasised on the continued need to remain vigilant of potential instabilities, while maintaining the highest levels of operational readiness. He stressed on the need to constantly evolve, transform and adapt to the nuances of current security challenges.Later, during informal interaction with the officers, Gen Singh reportedly said that he has no intentions of joining politics. According to sources in the Central Command, while replying to one of the questions put up by an officer after the address, Gen Singh denied that he has any plans of coming to politics as speculated in a section of media.Gen Singh, who is known for integrety and has an impeccable record as an officer, had created uproar recently by exposing corruption in the armed forces.Bharti Singh, president, family welfare organisation, who is accompanying the general on his visit, interacted with the families of all ranks of Central Command. She was briefed on various ongoing welfare activities within the Central Command theatre by Neeta Chait, president, family welfare organisation, Central Command. Gen VK Singh and Bharti Singh will be visiting 39 Gorkha Training Centre, Varanasi and Devasthali Vidyapeeth, Ballia and will leave for New Delhi on April 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12818425", "title": "Virbhadra, Vidya Stokes share stage at Solan rally", "text": "SHIMLA: At a time when war of supremacy within Congress has reached at its peak, political equations within the party changed on Saturday when Union minister Virbhadra Singh and CLP leader Vidya Stokes shared the stage during a rally held in Solan town of Himachal Pradesh.Joining of hands by Virbhadra Singh and Vidya Stokes is being seen as a step towards strengthening the claim of Virbhadra Singh for the chief ministerial post. Interestingly, Vidya Stokes on April 10 had maintained a neutral stance by not attending the meetings of Union minister Anand Sharma at Palampur and Virbhadra at Shimla.Virbhadra Singh, who has remained the chief minister of state for five times is a strong contender again for the coming assembly elections. Earlier, Vidya Stokes and Kaul Singh Thakur had sided against him in the state politics but Saturday's parivartan rally at Solan changed the equations within Congress, as while Vidya Stokes, who was not attending any of the rallies of Virbhadra Singh for quite some time, made it a point to remain present in Solan, state president Kaul Singh Thakur was conspicuous by his absence that again exposed factionalism within Congress.Supporters of Virbhadra Singh during Solan rally gave clear signal to their opponent of seeing their leader as next CM of the state. The badges supported by crowd during the rally had the slogan written on it \" Virbhadra ko lana hai, Himachal ko bachana hai ( bring back Virbhadra, and to save Himachal).\"While the Virbhadra supporters have already started mounting pressure on party high command to send Virbhadra Singh back to state to lead the assembly elections campaign, state party president Kaul Singh Thakur too is claiming to be a contender for the chief minister if Congress wins the coming election.Ganz bazaar of Solan witnessed thousands of Congress supporters from Solan, Sirmaur and Shimla districts turning up in hundreds of vehicles. Virbhadara Singh arrived at the rally venue from Parwanoo accompanied by cavalcade of hundreds of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12825944", "title": "Chinese archaeologists have unearthed 4000-year-old 18 cliff paintings", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese archaeologists have unearthed 18 cliff paintings, dating back over 4,000 years, in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.The prehistoric portraits were unearthed in the Yinshan Mountains in Urad Middle Banner (an administration division of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region), Liu Binjie , head of the Cultural Relics Bureau of Urad Middle Banner said.The patterns are still clear and the paintings have been arranged in an orderly manner on the cliffs.Liu added that they are the finest of their kind that have been unearthed so far, state-run news agency Xinhua reported.Among the paintings, seven faces were exaggerated and monstrous, and have been interpreted as the seven stars of the \"Big Dipper\" constellation.Liu concluded that these may have been drawn by prehistoric men for worship.So far, over 10,000 ancient cliff paintings have been discovered in the Yinshan Mountains, according to the archaeologists.Liu said paintings of faces found on Yinshan Mountains cliffs are similar to those in the Helan Mountains, located on the boundary between Ningxia and Inner Mongolia.They are also similar to those in eastern Russia, showing close connections with ancient peoples' migration patterns, and sacrificial and worship ceremonies.They are very precious materials for the research on prehistorical life, Liu said.Local government and relevant departments have made efforts to protect the cliff paintings in this area, including restrictions on grazing and the installation of monitoring equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818622", "title": "Luscious mango makes an arrival in city markets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While several summer fruits are yet to reach the city markets, the king of fruits, mango has arrived much to the delight of many. Presently, mangoes are mainly coming from south India from places like Vijayawada and Hyderabad, besides parts of Maharashtra like Nagpur. But as the summer season reaches its peak in another few weeks, the fruit will soon make its way to the dining tables of many a household.Safeda and sinduri are the most popular varieties of mangoes that are available during this time in Chandigarh.Another delicious variety Alphonso has arrived from Goa.According to fruit sellers, most of the mango varieties in the season come from parts of UP like Saharanpur, and Lucknow but this will take time as the fruit there needs more heat to ripen naturally. In the coming hot weather, langra and dussehri varieties will arrive from UP, while totapuri, which is basically used for mango juices will also start arriving from parts of south India.Digvijay Kapoor, a wholesale dealer of the Sector 26-based grain market said, \"Though mangoes have started coming to the city, the best quality will take at least 15 to 20 days to arrive and so people will have to wait to get the 'real' taste of the luscious fruit.\"Om Parkash, a Sector 15-C based retailer while taking to TOI said, \"We have been selling safeda and sinduri varieties these days. The price of these varieties ranges from Rs 100 to Rs 120 per kg according to the quality. And yes people have starting buying these.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12817996", "title": "Top hospitals in city shy away from e-health", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city is warming up to the idea of e-health, thanks to doctors uploading content online and offering free services. But many top hospitals in the city do not facilitate public online exchange of information.Ananthapuri and PRS hospital's websites only promote their establishments, while NIMS Heart Foundation and the Kerala Institute of Medical Sciences facilitate online interaction with their doctors in the 'get an opinion' segment, but unfortunately the answers cannot be viewed by the public.\"Searches for medical problems are the second commonest reason for going online, after pornography,\" says Dr Aniruddha Malpani, an IVF specialist from Mumbai, who believes in information therapy and runs the world's largest free patient education library, HELP.He believes that the way forward for doctors is to encourage them to publish their own websites, and the way forward for hospitals is to provide information therapy.Dr Jyotsna Codaty, currently working at Fortis Malar Hospital, Chennai launched a website, www.letstalkdoc.com, a little over a year ago. It has over a hundred doctors on board, who will answer questions related to their field of specialization.\"Dealing with people and their health is complex and contextual. It is also personal. Also, reliability is a problem on the internet, apart from information overload. Who has the time to sift through 50,000 hits that might come up when you google any subject? Letstalkdoc.com connects patients with doctors by leveraging a social media platform. This allows consumers, readers and patients to read blogs, view videos and share information on a site that is moderated by a senior physician,\" says the doctor.If a medical report makes no sense to the reader, Dr Malpani's medical report jargon buster based on OCR technology (optical character reader) will be of help.\"All one needs to do is log onto www.medexplain.in and save the report in one of the mentioned formats and then move the cursor on the word that does not make sense; a popup box will throw up its meaning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12822897", "title": "The Dirty Picture telecast aborted", "text": "Vidya Balan starrer The Dirty Picture will not be telecast on Sony TV on Sunday. It is learnt that the content of the film is considered not suitable for the family audience. The producers of the film too are in a state of shock.CEO of Balaji Telefilms Tanuj Garg said, \"It is unfortunate that even after a valid U/A certificate from the CBFC and all the cuts being in place, the telecast was stopped.Questions are being asked if Information and broadcasting ministry's last minute decision to stop the telecast of the film. Ormax CEO Shailesh Kapoor tweets, \"promos have been running forever. Why will I &B; wake up on Saturday midnight. Government gives UA and then says cant be shown?\"A source said,``In view of the recent court cases against the telecast of the dirty picture during normal viewing hours the ministry of I and B might like to look into the programme code that is meant for television content regulation.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12823758", "title": "Indian applicant arrested for UK visa fraud", "text": "LONDON: An Indian woman who applied for a student visa in New Delhi has been arrested by the police after it was discovered that she used another person to appear for her in the mandatory English language test, the Home Office said.The UK Border Agency, which is responsible for immigration, referred the applicant to the police in New Delhi. The applicant's visa application has been refused, and she has been banned from the UK for up to 10 years, a statement said.According to recently released figures by the National Audit Office (NAO), there was a surge in the number of forgeries detected in student visa applications lodged in New Delhi during 2010, when the British high commission stopped accepting new applications.The NAO report said that 6,388 forgeries were detected in the New Delhi office, which was a considerable increase compared to the number of forgeries detected in previous years: 2,846 in 2009 and 2,153 in 2008.Responding to the latest example of forgery by the woman applicant, Regional Director Thomas Greig said: \"We have made it very clear that we will continue to welcome all Indian students who wish to study at the UK's high quality institutions and meet the new criteria. However, we will not tolerate abuse of our immigration system and have a zero tolerance to fraud, as this case shows.\"Students who wish to undertake long term study under Tier 4 of the points based system are required to pass an English language test with an approved test provider to show that they are proficient in English language to the required standard, unless they are intending to study at degree level or above at a university.The statement said the UK Border Agency had an integrated fraud assessment unit in India, which uncovers and investigates high volumes of fraud and forgery in UK visa applications.Over the last 12 months the UK government has made significant changes to student visa policy to eliminate abuse of student visas by some UK education institutions and by students who have been motivated to work rather than study, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12818455", "title": "Can Barabati get Hyderabad back to winning ways?", "text": "CUTTACK: A huge balloon in the shape of a bull, the mascot of Team Hyderabad, stands imposingly in front of Barabati Stadium as it gets ready to host the first IPL match of this season between Team Hyderabad and Team Kolkata on Sunday evening.The Indian Premier League is back in Cuttack after a gap of one year as Team Hyderabad will play two of its 'home' matches here this season. After Sunday, Hyderabad will play Team Pune here on May 1. Hyderabad last played two of their 'home' matches here in 2009.Meanwhile, the team management has tried everything possible, even Vastu Shastra, to ensure that the Kumar Sangakara-led side does well here.The family priest of the owner of the side had visited the stadium some one month before the start of this IPL season. \"He offered puja at Sri Jagannath temple in Puri and came down to the stadium from there,\" an Orissa Cricket Association (OCA) official told TOI on Saturday. The priest had reportedly suggested some changes to the stadium according to the laws of Vastu, he added.The priest had reportedly asked the organizers to put up a picture or image of Lord Ganesha inside the 'home' team's dressing room. \"He also asked us to keep 16 pieces of bricks on the far end of the stadium beside the sightscreen or inside the dressing room,\" the official said.However, it seemed OCA officials had not taken those suggestions very seriously and it could not be confirmed whether those instructions will be carried out or not. \"I have told them (Team Hyderabad owners) not to worry about results. Lord Jagannath will bring them good luck here,\" the official said.Sadly, however, the team has not done well in this year's tournament till now. They have lost all four of their matches. One has to now wait till Sunday night to know whether there is a change in the team's fortune at their home away from home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817171", "title": "Painting competition for poor kids", "text": "BHOPAL: As many as thirty youth from affluent families of the city came together on Saturday to bring smiles on the faces of the not-so-lucky children. A workshop and painting competition was organised for about 200 underprivileged children under the aegis of the Bhopal chapter of AIESEC, on Saturday. The AIESEC is a non-profitable international organization run by the students. There was also a stage show organized for them. The participants and winners were awarded with various prizes. Besides, a lucky draw was also drawn with bi-cycle as the prize.Anuja Jain, daughter of a local businessman, said \"I don't have words to express my experience. It was an emotional moment for me.\" Another member of AIESEC, Aditi Dhagat said it was a nice feeling to see smiles on the faces of those poor kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12818424", "title": "Man gets life imprisonment for murder", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A 56-year-old man found guilty of murder was sentenced to life imprisonment and slapped with a fine of Rs 20,000 by the Kottayam fast track court No. 1 judge T B Sivaprasad on Saturday. The victim's relatives will get Rs 15,000 from the penalty amount.The court had on Friday pronounced Sadasivan of Chirakkadavu guilty of murdering Viswanatha Pillai of Chirakkadavu.The incident, which led to the murder, took place on June 22, 1990. The victim was a colleague of Sadasivan's wife at a private hospital in Ponkunnam. Sadasivan suspected that the victim was having an affair with his wife and attacked him with a hammer. He fled the scene after the murder and was in hiding for nearly 20 years. In this period, he stayed at different places in Malabar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817419", "title": "President likely to visit city in May", "text": "HYDERABAD: President Pratibha Patil may arrive in the city in the first week of May on a three-day visit to AP. During her stay, she is supposed to visit Srisailam (Kurnool district) and Bhadrachalam (Khammam district).Rashtrapati Bhavan authorities alerted the state government about the President's visit to the state a few days ago, general administration department (GAD) sources told STOI.However, nothing has been decided about the VVIP's stay in the city. She may stay at Rashtrapati Nilayam, Bolarum or Raj Bavan.Though the Rashtrapati Bhavan authorities have not yet decided on the minute-to-minute programme of the President's visit, a tentative programme has been finalised. On Day one, the first citizen of the country would visit Srisailam and on the next day, she would attend a programme planned by the Indian Air Force and then visit Bhadrachalam to perform a special puja, the sources added. This might be Pratibha Patil's last visit to Hyderabad as her five-year term would end in July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12818405", "title": "Green fee likely to be implemented from May in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: The green fee proposed by the Municipal Corporation of Shimla to augment its income and with a view to decongest vehicular traffic which was to be levied on vehicles entering Shimla bearing registration number other than that of HP from April 1, is now is likely to be implemented from first week of May.Speaking about the holdup in the implementation of the green fee, Mayor Madhu Sood said, \" We had earlier floated tenders in February-March with a view to outsource the collection process of the proposed green fee at four barriers, including Dhalli, Tara Devi, Tutu and Mehli; however we received no bids for the tenders.Fresh bids have been invited this time with simplified conditions and we are hopeful of getting in bidders this time and this would be soon implemented, probably in May.\"An income of Rs six crore is expected annually from the green fee depending upon the inflow of tourists. This proposed entry to the city fee would be a onetime levy on all two -wheelers, cars, SUVs, and buses other big vehicles including trucks that do not bear registration number of HP. The fee to be levied according to vehicle type is proposed as Rs 100 for two-wheelers, Rs 200 for cars, Rs 300 for SUVs and Rs 500 for buses, trucks and other big vehicles entering the city.This proposal is on the pattern of one which is being implemented in Manali by the tourism development council.According to the mayor, the income generated from the green fee would be utilized for infrastructural development of the township, as well better facilities and more parking spaces besides promoting awareness among tourists. Amongst the various mooted promotional aspects awareness will be also spread among tourists on the ban on the use of plastic products here and jute and paper bags will be provided to tourists on entry in the city to help keep it clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817811", "title": "G-Auto among 15 selected for international mobility awards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based G-Auto, founded by a graduate of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has been selected among top 15 entries for an international award called 'SMART Mobility EnterPrize Award'.The award is instituted by the University of Michigan's SMART initiative with support from the Rockefeller Foundation. The award, which is also known as 'Mobi Award', recognizes enterprises that demonstrate innovative and replicable solutions to local and global transportation challenges.Sharing details about the recognition, founder of G-Auto, Nirmal Kumar said, \"It makes me feel proud and privileged to be selected among top 15 social enterprises from across the world. The enterprises are selected on the basis of their innovativeness and their support to the urban poor. In the last three years of G-Auto operations, more than 10,000 autorickshaw drivers have joined and benefitted from the project.\"G-Auto was set up with an aim to providing quality, comfortable and safe transport to the commuters. \"The main focus of the initiative is to dignify the job of autorickshaw drivers. We wanted to create a positive image of these drivers,\" said Kumar.The award will have three final winners. One of the winners will be based on people's choice which will be decided through an online voting. The other two will be based on scores given by judges and effectiveness, connectivity, serving the urban poor, scalability of the project and such other points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12820960", "title": "Who will you cheer for?", "text": "As Team Hyderabad and Team Kolkata clash at Cuttack's Barabati Stadium today, BT asks Ollywood celebs who they will be batting forI am extremely excited about the match but my tight schedule might not allow me to go to the stadium. I am all for Team Hyderabad. The reason is simple: that's our home team and there are some Odia players in that team. Though I'm a fan of Sachin Tendulkar and Mahendra Singh Dhoni , Team Hyderabad remains my priority because of its Odia connect. Akash Das Nayak, ActorI have just returned from a tour and I'm not very clued into what's happening in the IPL. I won't be able to go to the stadium and watch the match. But my support is and will always be for Team Kolkata. That's because it is a good team and I have heard that its players are doing well. Besides, it's Shah Rukh Khan's team and I'm a fan of his. Anu Chowdhury, ActorI try to watch all IPL matches but my schedule doesn't always permit me to do so. I'm eagerly waiting for the match in Cuttack. If I'm lucky, I'll be able to watch the match live at the stadium and I'll support Team Kolkata. It's because as an artiste, I respect Shah Rukh Khan and understand how difficult it is to maintain a balance between two different worlds. Sritam Das, Actor and DirectorFor the forthcoming match, I'm equally loyal to both the teams. I play cricket and have my own team. So, my loyalty is for the game. Since I'm a big fan of Sourav Ganguly , for the match between Team Pune and Team Hyderabad in Cuttack, I will support Dada's team. Anubhav Mohanty, ActorWhen it comes to choosing between Team Kolkata and Team Hyderabad, I'll undoubtedly support Team Kolkata. Earlier I used to support this team as it had Dada (Sourav Ganguly) as the captain and I'm a huge fan of his. Though this year Dada is not in the team, I'm a Bengali and I must admit that I have a weakness for Team Kolkata. I won't be able to attend the match since I'll be in Hyderabad then. Yet, I'm going to cheer SRK's team sitting in front of the TV. Arindam Roy, ActorAs told to Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12817915", "title": "Frequent flyers to Delhi upset as Air India cuts down flights", "text": "SURAT: Frequent flyers, especially business travellers from textile, diamond, chemical and industrial units based in Hazira, are unhappy that Air India has decided to operate its Delhi-Surat-Delhi flight for only three days a week.Air India was the first to begin flight service between Surat and Delhi in May 2007 immediately after a new airport was inaugurated here by the civil aviation department. It has been six years since Air India has been operating flight services for six days a week.Sources said reduction in flight operations by Air India is being seen as a negative development by many in the city, especially those connected with trade and commerce. The decision would force other flight operators planning to start their operations from Surat to think twice.Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGhas taken up the issue with civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and has urged him to restore the six-day flight service between Surat and Delhi.\"Many airline companies are looking at Surat in a big way after the success of SpiceJet services connecting Surat with Delhi, Mumbai, Mangalore, Bangalore, Goa, etc. But the Air India's decision to reduce its flights will have a negative impact on the future of Surat's airport development,\" said Paresh Patel, vice-president, SGCCI.Patel said a strong representation has been made to the civil aviation ministry and Air India management in this regard.Nilesh Mandlewala, former president of SGCCI, said, \"SpiceJet is operating successfully on Surat-Delhi-Mumbai and other routes. Air India should continue its six-day flight operations from Surat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12816809", "title": "'State govts indifferent towards intelligence agencies'", "text": "JAISALMER: Despite the increasing anti-social activities and terrorism in India, the state governments are quite indifferent towards the intelligence agencies, said Union minister of state for home Bhanwar Jitendra Singh . Speaking at Tanot border post near Pakistan border in Jaisalmer, Singh said state intelligence agencies are providing only 3-4% information, whereas the Central intelligence agencies are collecting 95% of the information.Expressing concern he said this issue was raised during the chief ministers' meeting that the work which the state governments intelligence agencies and police has to do, is being done by the central intelligence agencies. The state governments have a network at local level. Police forces are there in rural areas but despite this information collection is only 3-4% at state-level whereas the central government's intelligence agencies are gathering 95% intelligent. Today's need is the state governments have to increase the collection of intelligent so that undesired activities like smuggling, intrusion could be controlled.He said the Union government has begun preparations for next pay commission and it is expected to come by March next year. Apart from this, the Central government is ready to talk to Naxalites to resolve the problem, but there will be no compromise, Singh said.Replying to a question, he said it is not possible to make a single cadre of all the Central paramilitary forces because every force has its own separate identity. They are deployed at different places, but process is on to bring uniformity in their salary, allowances, promotions and basic facilities, he said. He said the there are certain anomalies which will be removed in the next pay commission.The union minister of state for home over the problem of Naxals said government is making all possible efforts to resolve this issue. Government is even ready to talk to the naxalites, but is not in favour of making any compromise.He said that in the recently held meeting of chief ministers, a special session on naxalism was organised where the government announced that if any naxalite or terrorist wants to come into mainstream then the government will give a special package, employment, allowance and will even make complete arrangement for security of his family.Singh said the government is providing money to affected villages for infrastructure, bridges and other basic facilities and also under security related expenditure is providing expenses being spent on security arrangements including diesel and petrol.He said that government is making efforts to increase facilities for BSF jawans who work under tough situations. The Centre in the first phase has decided to upgrade the level of six element to 14 element bywill provide modern facilities to the remaining 212 border outposts on the international border adjoining Rajasthan. Till now in Rajasthan 14 BOPs are of the level of 14 elements apart from this, the government has decided to connect central para military forces withthe facility of CST canteen equivalent to army along with government is making efforts to provide water and other basic facilities at all the check posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817054", "title": "Find some way out for Ram Temple construction: Uma Bharti to Mulayam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader and MLA Uma Bharti has requested SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to a find way out for construction of a Ram temple at Ayodhya. Mulayam commands respect among the Muslims due to his generous approach towards them, she told reporters on Friday in Charkhari area. \"Therefore, if he will request Muslims they will honour his words,\" Bharti said. She asked Mulayam to find a way out for construction of a magnificent Ram temple at Ayodhya. \"I request Mulayam to ask Muslims to adopt a generous and cooperative approach towards construction of Ram temple,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12818150", "title": "One killed as tractor overturns", "text": "HUBLI: A 31-year-old man was killed and another was injured when a tractor turned turtle near the primary health center in Lakkundi in Gadag district on Saturday.Gadag rural police said the deceased is Basavaraj Benthur, a resident of Lakkundi village and the injured is Satyanagoudar.Police said the incident happened when they were returning from the fileds after finishing their work. The tractor in which they were travelling overturned, klling Basavaraj on the spot. Gadag rural police have registered the case.11 boats seizedA team led by Ranibennur DYSP Jayaprakash and assistant commissioner Channabasappa seized 11 boats which were illegally transporting sand in Ranibennur and Hirekerur taluks of Haveri district on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818873", "title": "Refrigerators &amp; fans consume maximum energy", "text": "At a time when carbon footprint is being discussed at the macro level with railways and airlines exploring ways to reduce their emissions, it's important to hold a mirror up to your own home to see how the appliances you use are contributing to the rising pollution levels. Contrary to general belief, the air conditioner is not one of the highest consumers of energy, contributing to only one per cent of the total energy consumption.The innocuous refrigerator-a fixture in every homeconsumes slightly more than 80 mega watts of electricity every day. At 43%, the refrigerator consumes the maximum amount of energy among major appliances, followed by the equally ubiquitous ceiling fan, which consumes 14%.The study prepared by the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) shows that consumption is not likely to grow in Mumbai at a fast rate. However , in the entire Mumbai Metropolitan Region, there is likely to be a six-fold increase in the total energy demand from the housing sector by 2051. The present demand of 1,931 MW per day is expected to go up to 6,680 MW in 39 years. \"These projections will remain valid only if the current building norms continue to remain applicable ,\" said the report.Neeri director Rakesh Kumar said that by using simple methods, the consumption can be kept in check. \"By using energy consumption reducing devices in your appliances, you will make a huge difference. Consumption is only going to increase so it's best to use things like solar heaters instead of regular geysers,\" he said. One of the methods cited in the report includes adjusting temperature settings for different seasons. Simple rules like not putting hot food in the refrigerator go a long way in reducing emissions.Of the 595MW energy consumed per day by appliances in non-slum areas, the fridge and TV use 260MW and 90MW, respectively. Energy consumption from appliances in slum areas comprises 247MW daily- 82MW by refrigerators and 57MW by the ceiling fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12817057", "title": "Reacquiring our land is political harassment: Agnelo", "text": "MAPUSA: Former Calangute MLA Agnelo Fernandes said he was apprehensive about the government decision to re-acquire land owned by his wife calling it \"political harassment\". The cabinet on Friday decided to take back the land at Candolim that was returned by the previous Congress government to Danny Fernandes, wife of Agnelo Fernandes, after initially being acquired by the government for parking.According to Fernandes, a part of his wife's property was acquired for a car park and later on another part was acquired to build a restaurant. After the CRZ rules came into force, no restaurant could be built on the site and the land remained unused till date.\"Since we run a hotel in the rest of our property, we requested the government to return our land as it is unused and not maintained and tourists use it as an open toilet thereby causing nuisance to our hotel. The area we asked to be returned is only about 2,500 sq m that is lying unused and not 14,086 sq m as mentioned by Parrikar at the press conference,\" Fernandes said.\"I fail to understand the logic in reversing the decision only in my case. It's clearly a case of political harassment,\" he added.Fernandes stated that he didn't mind the present government reacquiring his land by reversing the earlier cabinet decision, but the government should explain why it was not done in another case where through a cabinet decision, a hotel at Dona Paula was given land acquired from others even after the Supreme Court of India directed that the land should be kept for public use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817627", "title": "Lights, camera, action\u2026Tollywood", "text": "HYDERABAD: Like them or loathe them but Telugu films, with their sheer number of releases annually, are keeping the national film industry ticking. Even Bollywood is amazed at how the cinema crazy people in Andhra Pradesh flock to the theatres and deify their stars.Telugu films are pointing the way ahead for Bollywood which is borrowing not only stories but also the style of filmmaking that has proven to be such a surefire winner. The beginnings of Telugu cinema are as old as cinema in the country itself and, therefore, Telugu filmmakers use the art with a kind of authority only they can wield.It was in 1931 when the country's first talkie, 'Alam Ara', was released on March 14. Interestingly, Telugu actor LV Prasad even played a role in the film. The movie was produced and directed by Ardeshir Marwar Irani. Prasad, who earlier acted in silent films, subsequently went on to earn a big name for himself in films.In the very same year, the first Telugu talkie 'Bhakta Prahlada' was released, directed by HM Reddi and starring Munipalle Subbaiah and Surabhi Kamalabai. This movie, too, was produced by Irani and opened on September 15.A volume brought out by the Telugu Film Producers' Council (TFPC) titled 'Telugu Chalanachitra Nirmathala Charitra' also mentions GK Mangaraju as being involved in the production of the movie. After the first Telugu film came out, there has been no looking back for Tollywood. The very first movie was made in Mumbai, another was then made in Kolkata and finally, in 1934, 'Seetha Kalyanam' was made in Chennai. Telugu films began to thrive and there came a time when it was felt that the Telugu film industry should move base to Hyderabad.Film historian Udayawarulu points out that it was during the 100-day function for the 1962 film 'Manchi Manasulu', starring Akkineni Nageshwara Rao and Savithri and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao, that the state government, then headed by Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy, hit upon the idea for the shift to Hyderabad.What, however, was important was for the big stars and film personalities of the day to show interest. Akkineni Nageshwara Rao took the lead and established Annapurna Studios at Banjara Hills. Sarathi Studios at Ameerpet and Ajanta studio in Old City were already functioning but it was Annapura Studios which got film shoots to move from Madras to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12816572", "title": "No witch-hunt over graft, PM assures babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the charge of \"policy paralysis\" dogging his government, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday urged bureaucrats not to be \"100% risk averse\" while promising there will be no witch-hunt in the name of fighting corruption.On the occasion of Civil Services Day, the PM sought to buck up the bureaucracy reeling under arrests of senior officials in high-profile graft cases like the 2G scam , saying \"no one will be harassed for bona fide mistakes or errors in judgement.\"The PM's remarks on a bureaucracy, wary of being targeted if things went wrong, come in the backdrop of a perception that government policies are running into political blocks, while officials are unwilling to stick their neck out. This view was echoed by chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu, whose comments sparked off a controversy earlier this week.With senior bureaucrats having a central role in ensuring policy imperatives roll out smoothly by ensuring ministers process Cabinet papers and decisions are implemented, the PM pledged reforms that will encourage civil servants to be decisive.\"We stand committed to protecting honest and well meaning civil servants who might have made genuine errors in their work,\" the PM said, while gently pointing to the civil services' own weaknesses, saying there is a \"grain of truth\" in the perception that the bureaucracy's moral fibre has deteriorated.Unease in the bureaucracy has been evident with the arrest and prolonged denial of bail to former telecom secretary Sidharth Behura. The arrest of two Andhra Pradesh principal secretaries - B P Acharya and Sri Lakshmi - in the Emaar and Obalapuram mining cases led to civil service associations protesting \"selective\" action that spared political bosses.Looking to deliver the right message, the PM said, \"On their part, civil servants should fight the tendency of not taking decisions because of the fear that things might go wrong and they might be penalized. We cannot have a bureaucracy, which is 100% risk averse.\"Singh said the government should \"encourage boldness in decision making, provided the decisions are well considered and as per the law of the land,\" indicating the bureaucracy needed to be both facilitator and gate-keeper in the process of governance.The PM said the judgment and advice of officials should not be affected by the nature and colour of political leadership. He maintained there is a need to be honest in \"admitting our failures and our deficiencies\", saying decisions civil servants take must be fair and objective in nature, based on sound evidence and deep analysis and designed to serve the best interests of the country.\"Their judgement and advice should not be affected by the nature and colour of the political leadership. If this does not happen, the impartiality and fairness of the decision making processes in public administration would get compromised and the quality of our output would be sub-optimal...this is a vigil that the civil servants must maintain constantly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12818440", "title": "No urgent hearing on petition against Cardinal Alencherry", "text": "KOCHI: The judicial first class magistrate court has turned down an application for an urgent hearing on the alleged role of Cardinal Alencherry and Union minister K V Thomas, 'in trying to facilitate the release of Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen'. Petitioner T G Mohandas from Koovappadom had alleged criminal conspiracy by the cardinal and the minister.The judge, S K Anil Kumar , held that the application to advance hearing on the case to record the statements of Alencherry and K V Thomas cannot be heard urgently as the court is already tied up with ascertaining evidence in other cases and as \"there is no urgency\" to hear the case. Observing that the case was filed this year and is posted for a hearing on April 28, the court decided not to allow the application for an early hearing.In the petition, Mohandas alleged that the cardinal and the minister engaged in criminal conspiracy and tried to facilitate the release of the Italian marines. The petitioner alleged that the cardinal's statement on February 21 to Italian media that he has urged local authorities in Kerala not to 'precipitate action' amounts criminal conspiracy as his efforts were to help the Italian marines.\"I immediately contacted the Catholic ministers to ask the Kerala government not to take precipitate action,\" Alencherry was reported to have told Catholic news agency Fides in Rome .\"It seems that the opposition wants to exploit the situation and manipulate it for political motives by talking about 'Western powers' and 'the drive for American domination',\" Alencherry was quoted by Fides.Kochi: Allegations of criminal conspiracy against cardinal George Alenchery and Union Minister KV Thomas, in trying to facilitate escape of Italian marines accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen, need not be heard urgently, a magistrate court here has ruled.Judicial First Class Magistrate of Kochi decided not to allow an application by TG Mohandas from Koovappadom seeking urgent hearing of his petition filed in February.The judge, SK Anil Kumar, held that the application to advance hearing on the case to record the statements of Alenchery and KV Thomas cannot be heard urgently as the court is already tied up with ascertaining evidence in other cases and as \"there is no urgency\" to hear the case.Observing that the case was filed this year and is posted for a hearing on April 28, the court decided not to allow the application for an early hearing.In the petition, Mohandas alleges that the cardinal and the minister engaged in criminal conspiracy for trying to facilitate the escape of the Italian marines, who allegedly shot dead two Indian fishermen while they were employed on deputation onboard Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie to protect against pirate attacks.The petitioner has alleged that the cardinal's statement on February 21 to Italian media that he has urged local authorities in Kerala not to take \"precipitate action\" in a row between Italy and India amounts criminal conspiracy as his efforts were to facilitate escape of culprits and use of power towards escape of the culprits.\"I immediately contacted the Catholic ministers to ask the Kerala government not to take precipitate action,\" Alencherry was reported to have told Catholic news agency Fides in Rome.\"It seems that the opposition wants to exploit the situation and manipulate it for political motives by talking about 'Western powers' and 'the drive for American domination',\" Alencherry was quoted by Fides as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817786", "title": "Sex worker died for Rs 500 &amp; beer bottle", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a court order, the Bhoiwada police on Saturday slapped the non-bailable charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder on Central Railway employee Surendra Chavan (54) following the death of a sex worker who had a fatal fall while trying to escape from his flat by climbing down a rope, fashioned out of sarees and bed sheets, early on Friday. Chavan has been remanded in police custody till April 24.Initially Chavan was booked on the charge of causing death due to negligence under section 304 (A) of the IPC but later, it was changed to a non-bailable offence. During the probe, the police learnt that Chavan, a senior section engineer at the Parel Loco Shed, brought the sex worker to his third-floor flat in the Central Railway Staff Colony at Parel on Thursday evening, promising her Rs 500 and a beer bottle. In his FIR, Chavan said on Thursday, he returned from work around 4pm, following which he took a bath and performed puja before leaving to bring the woman identified as Julie. \"Chavan said he brought the woman as his wife had left for her parent's house in Kurla and he thought she would return only the next day,\" said assistant commissioner of police R B Poman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818704", "title": "\u2018A relief for us\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new excise policy is likely to make city-based liquor contractors hike the rates of various liquor brands by 35 to 40%. Sukhbir Singh, a liquor contractor from Mohali said, \"The new excise policy of Chandigarh has come as a relief for us, as we had been facing the heat because of availability of cheaper liquor in Chandigarh for a long time. Mohali residents preferred to go to Chandigarh to guzzle on expensive liquor, while in Mohali there was only demand for cheap liquor.\"Sumit Singla, a liquor contractor from Panchkula, said that the liquor vend in Sector 52 was auctioned for Rs 4.25 crore, while pointing out that the same was auctioned for Rs 2.75 crore in 2011, while adding that this indicates that prize of liquor brands in Chandigarh would be increased between 35 to 40%.However, Chandigarh-based liquor contractors are worried because the new policy directly affects their business. H S Randhawa, a Sector 35 based contractor, told TOI, \"The new policy will definitely hit the liquor business in Chandigarh.\"Vicky Gupta of Sector 26 said, \"Though city-based contractors have reduced the prices of liquor brands for finishing the liquor quota from the year 2010-2011 however after the implementation of the new price list from May 1, liquor business in Chandigarh will definitely suffer losses.\"A Manimajra-based contractor on condition of anonymity, said, \"It was the pressure from Punjab and Haryana, which forced Chandigarh administration to hike the liquor prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817254", "title": "Cooperatives left with 3L litres of surplus milk everyday", "text": "PUNE: Cooperative milk federations in Pune division, comprising Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur and Kolhapur, have had a surplus of nearly three lakh litres of milk every day since January-end.Milk powder producers have stopped or cut down the purchase of milk from the federations. The ban on the export of milk powder imposed by the state government and a fall in local demand are reasons.Dairy industry sources said the surplus was being sold to other states or milk powder producers at lesser rates. It had cascaded into losses for dairy cooperatives in the state, they added.Milk-powder factories have huge stocks with only a few takers, M A Muqtadir, regional dairy development officer, Pune, said.\"In March, the federations in Pune division procured nearly 30 lakh litres of milk per day, of which three lakh litre was in surplus,\" Muqtadir said. In Pune district, the surplus was pegged at 1.42 lakh litres.The average daily handling/procurement of milk per day by the cooperative sector in Pune district during March 2012 was 4.56 lakh litres, Satara (1.12 lakh litres), Sangli (6.06 lakh litres), Solapur (4.69 lakh litres), and Kolhapur (12.89 lakh litres). Private sector dairies in the division procured over 38 lakh litres of milk per day in the same period.Muqtadir said that the ban on milk powder export last February has led to a surplus of milk as well as milk powder. \"As they have been saddled with huge stocks of milk powder, factories in the state are currently converting only 50 to 60% of the milk into powder. Nearly 40% of milk is surplus.\"The state government has announced a subsidy of Rs 2 per litre for conversion of excess milk into milk powder, he added.The 14 private milk powder plants in Pune division before January 2012 bought 40 lakh litres of milk per day. \"They catered to the local market till January 2012, but demand for milk powder in the local market has fallen drastically this year and factories have huge stocks of milk powder,\" Muqtadir said.Muqtadir said, \"Last year, because of a shortfall in milk production in the state, there was a good demand for milk powder in the local market. But this year, milk production has improved, leading to a fall in demand for milk powder.\"Vivek Kshirsagar, managing director of Katraj dairy, said that they had surplus of 30,000 litres of milk per day. \"We have stopped buying milk from some private producers. But we continue to buy from farmers as we cannot let them run into losses,\" he said.Of the 64,000 litre procurement, Doodh Ganga dairy in Indapur has had a 14,000 litre surplus for the last two months, dairy manager B N Ligade, said. \"The surplus is sold at lesser rates to milk powder factories. We would get around Rs 3 per litre above the purchase price at which we buy milk from the farmers to compensate our overhead charges on procurement, processing and marketing. For the past two months, milk powder producers compensate only half of these overhead charges. They pay Rs 1.50 per litre on our purchase price,\" he said.Dashrat Mane of the Sonai Dairy in Indapur, also a milk powder producer, said that the dairy has about 2,000 tonne of unused milk powder. \"We have not stopped buying milk, but reduced the purchases by 10-15%. Though exports were banned last year, there was a huge demand for milk powder in the domestic market in 2011,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12818087", "title": "Administrative autonomy for Ramakrishna Mission?", "text": "KOLKATA: If the government grants permission, Ramakrishna Mission (RKM) will be awarded special status and administrative autonomy soon. The sect has pressed for the change because once administrative autonomy is granted to the schools and colleges affiliated to RKM, the mission will have its freedom in forming the expert committee for selection of teachers and lecturers. It will also be free to place advertisements for teaching posts, issue interview calls, have its expert committees select competent and suitable candidates.Ramakrishna Mission is inching towards receiving special status and administrative autonomy. Both have been demanded by the sect.The state government-appointed 15-member expert committee on higher education - which has submitted its report - clearly recommends that RKM be given administrative autonomy in appointing schoolteachers, college lecturers and non-teaching staff. The government agrees with the recommendation.\"They had placed a plea for administrative autonomy. At present, RKM amakrishna Missionrecruits their teachers through the College Service Commission (CSC) and School Service Commission (SSC). But the authorities have pointed out that the students studying in schools and colleges affiliated to the mission not only receive education but are also taught ideologies, prayers and values,\" says committee member Maqbul Islam.Another expert committee member added, \"Those who are recruited through the CSC and SSC often find it difficult to adjust to the ideals and thoughts imparted by the RKM. These teachers take it merely as a job. Also, residing within the campus is often resisted by these teachers. RKM wants administrative autonomy to ensure that, henceforth, they can select their teachers.\"Islam said,\"RKM, however, has assured it would abide by all the criteria - such as passing examinations like SSC, CSC, NET, SLET, and SET, a PhD degree and other conditions - laid down by the government. Criteria such as passing examinations like SSC, CSC, NET, SLET, and SET, a Ph.D. degree and other conditions stipulated by the government will be strictly adhered to.They themselves are willing to form a search or screening committee for selecting school and college teachers. The committee will have one or more government representatives as well,\" said Islam.If the government agrees to award administrative autonomy to the schools and colleges affiliated to Ramakrishna Mission, then it implies that RKM will have their freedom in forming the expert committee for selection of teachers and lecturers. It will be free to place advertisements for teaching posts, issue interview calls, have its expert committees select competent and suitable candidates and appointment them.At present, three colleges under the RKM enjoy academic autonomy. \"We were awarded academic autonomy by the University Grants Commission (UGC). By virtue of this, we can frame our own syllabus, conduct our ownexaminations, examine the answer scripts and also publish the results on time in the colleges,\" said Swami Atmapriyananda, vice-chancellor of Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda University.The expert committee has, however, suggested that those monks whom the selection committee deems fit for appointment may be exempt from clearing examinations like NET, SLET or SET if their salary is not paid by the government. \"The suggestion has been made for all schools and colleges under Ramakrishna Mission,\"Islam said. He added, \"The government spends roughly around Rs 12 lakh every year for paying salaries to administrative officials of these institutions. If it can save the money, then some amount of relaxation can be offered to the monks who meet the other necessary qualifications for selection.\"\"The government is in favour of providing autonomy to RKM and has accepted the awarding administrative autonomy to Ramakrishna Mission schools and colleges on appointment of teachers. The suggestions of the committee have been accepted and, now, the education department will now work out a proposal for the final nod,\" said a senior department official.Swami Suparnananda, principal of RKM, Narendrapur, welcomed the decision. \"If the government decides to give us autonomy in recruitment of teachers, it will be really goodthen that will be a welcome move. But it will also mean be a huge responsibility for us as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12827009", "title": "Earth Day: Vendors say shoppers insist on polybags", "text": "VARANASI: Basant, a flower vendor on Dasaswamedh Ghat, does not know the significance of the World Earth Day, but he always makes sure to avoid giving polybags to his customers. \"I studied till Class VI and my teachers told me the harmful effects of plastic bags as they never decompose and cause bad impact on the environment,\" he says.However, not every vendor in the city is like Basant. In fact, on the same busy ghat that has been declared a 'plastic free zone', a number of shopkeepers, flower and snack vendors can be found using plastic bags on the demands of local, domestic and international customers.Vinod, a makeshift shop owner in Godowlia, says: \"Customers often get annoyed and sometimes return if we do not give them the purchased article in a plastic bag.\" If the shopkeepers at the busiest markets of the city, especially Godowlia, Chowk, Nai Sarak, Gurubagh, are to be believed most women and girls ask for plastic bags with their purchases.\"Even though people carry bags with them, it has become a general tendency among the buyers to ask for plastic bags. Not every shopkeeper can afford to give plastic bags more than 40 microns (thick) on a shopping worth Rs 100. So we end up giving them cheap plastic carry bags, which they keep in the same bag which they carry along with them,\" informed Kuldeep Singh, a cosmetic shop owner in Gurubagh.As the World Earth Day is being celebrated all over the world, the littering of polybags in the city has reached a alarmingly high stage. While huge number of plastic bags can be seen in garbage deposited at prominent ghats of the city, plastic bags are also a reason for blocking of drains and choking of sewer in many other areas. In fact, even as the polybags are banned within two km radius to the Ganga, plastic chocked drains from Dasaswamedh to Godowlia Road is a contradiction to it.According to additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, about 2.5 kg of plastic bags are seized every month. \"No plastic bag can be used within the two km radius to the Ganga. Paperbags, leather bags, jute and other environment friendly articles should substitute the need of plastic bags in that particular area. Moreover, in other parts of the city, there are rules on the use of poly bags, like the thickness of the bag should not be less than 40 microns and polybags should not be given free of cost,\" informed Singh.However, the ban and restriction imposed on the use of plastic bags still awaits efficient enforcement in the city. According to Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmentalist and member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), plastic does not decay for centuries. It stays in the environment and forms its own existence. \"Persistent and toxic chemicals are used in the manufacture of polythene and ordinary plastics which can be very dangerous and can cause cancer or other diseases,\" he added.According to him, use of plastic bags is so harmful that once it enters the water bodies, following the process of biological magnification, the concentration of its chemicals increases one crore times if the molecule of the chemicals enters inside the body of higher animals in the food chain. \"In fact, a thickness more than 40 microns is harmful. Declaring a specified thickness on the use does not declares a plastic environment friendly. It is just that the thick polybags are not frequently thrown away at various places after use as people consider it worth reusing. Bann should be imposed on production not on use,\" he added.If the claims of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam ( VNN) are to be believed, a drive against the use of cheap, hazardous plastic bags in association with the members of Vyapar Mandal is under pipeline and will be enforced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817616", "title": "Four commuters assault rly booking clerks, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: An irate commuter assaulted booking clerks at the Ghatkopar booking office along with three others, after his demand to change the destination of his monthly season ticket was not entertained on Saturday. One of the clerks, Amit Gosavi, suffered minor injuries.A CR official said, \"Around 3pm, the commuter, Abu Aleem Ekhlaque Khan, took a monthly season ticket for Dadar. He returned to demand that the destination of the pass be changed to Parel. When the booking clerk, Joshua D'souza, refused, he tried to enter the office forcibly.\"D'Souza and others asked him not to step inside the booking office. Khan left, but returned with more people, who entered into a scuffle with the clerks. The Kurla GRP nabbed the four accused and registered a complaint against them under Section 332 of IPC for voluntarily causing hurt to deter a public servant from performing duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12818241", "title": "Girl ends life, lover critical", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 17-year-old tribal girl committed suicide by consuming poison while her lover (20) is struggling to survive at the MGM hospital under Nimdih police station in Seraikela-Kharswan district.Police said the couple consumed poison apparently after their parents refused to accept their relationship. Revati Singh Sardar, daughter of Ramlal Singh Sardar, resident of Bagri village was found dead in the paddy fields and her beau Mantu Mahato, son of Premnath Mahato, was lying behind her struggling to breathe, when the local people noticed them in the wee hours of Saturday.Immediately, the police was informed and the boy was rushed to the hospital for medical treatment. \"His condition is still critical,\" said Nimdih police investigating officer, Md Kalim.Police said the girl's parents had fixed her marriage to a person of their choice later this month. Upset over her parents' decision, Revati and her lover decided to end their lives consuming a phosphorus chemical.\"They had eloped in the past but the respective families managed to persuade them to get back home,\" said a relative of the deceased girl.\"The boy is yet to give his statement but it appears they resorted to death after failing to convince their respective families about the relationship,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817232", "title": "Techie killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: In a tragic incident, a 24-year-old software engineer lost his life after the motorcycle he was riding hit cement blocks placed around greenery in Magarpatta City, Hadapsar. The incident took place around 3 am on Saturday.A resident of Kondhwa, Anurag Arun Gutgutia originally hailed from Madhupur in Jharkhand. He had been working with a private firm at the Hadapsar MIDC for the last one-and-a-half-month.Sub-inspector Saurabhi Mane of the Hadapsar police station said Anurag met with the accident near tower number eight in Magarpatta City while he was going home after having dinner at his friend Akash Juneja's place in Magarpatta City. According to Mane, Anurag was, apparently, riding recklessly when he lost control over his motorcycle and hit the concrete bocks.Magarpatta security officials rushed Anurag to the nearby Noble hospital, where he succumbed to serious head injuries around 8.20 am.\"A postmortem was performed at the Armed Forces Medical College and the viscera has been preserved for expert opinion. A case, under section 304 (a) of the Indian Penal Code, has been registered against the deceased as he was responsible for his own death,\" Mane said.Anurag's friend Aniket Chandane, who was present at the AFMC, said Anurag had shifted to Pune five years ago for further education. He completed his BE (electronics and telecommunication) from the Vishwakarma Institute of Technology, Bibvewadi.Anurag's classmate, Aniket Shankar, said, \"We used to study together at the hostel. He was an ambitious person and used to discuss business ideas with us. He was good in studies. We came to know about his death after a security guard called up one of our friends , Sameer Renu, from Anurag's cellphone.\"Anurag's relative, Pradeep Sanghai, rushed from Mumbai after he received a call from Anurag's parents who stay in Madhupur. Anurag's body was taken to Kolkata by an evening plane on Saturday. The funeral will be held in Madhupur on Sunday, Sanghai said.Chhabi Sanyal, who was present at the AFMC, said, \"Anurag and my son were close friends. I used to treat him like my son. On Thursday, Anurag visited our house and stayed with us. I feel as if I have lost one of my hands.\" She said, Anurag and her son had met with an accident four years ago, but both of them had survived. Saturday's incident took place because he was driving carelessly. He was not wearing a helmet, may be, wearing a helmet would have saved his life, she said.Sub-inspector Dattatraya Darade of the Hadapsar police station said Anurag's father runs a fertiliser business. He leaves behind his father, mother and sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818840", "title": "When DADISA did a JIG", "text": "Threatening to undress for grave national causes such as the Cricket World Cup has its rewards. Three weeks ago, at an awards function in Lower Parel, model Poonam Pandey won a title that she may have liked to wear. In fact, Pandey-who first surfaced on Twitter in a bikini-had even agreed to collect the 'Nangi Ladki of the Year' award, provided she was a paid a sum of Rs 3 lakh. This not only made the organisers of the Sadma Awards laugh, but also inspired them to convert the irony into standup comedy material.An obvious play on the Padma awards, Sadma-which also had such categories as Bankrupt of the Year (Kingfisher Airlines) and Ghatiya Research of the Year (Aakash tablet)-was triggered by the absurdity of the plethora of award shows on TV channels today. \"Holding a mirror to such shows, which contain long-winding categories and promote celebrity culture, is the only way of exposing their stupidity,\" says Abhigyan Jha, producer of a stand-up show, who came up with the idea of avenging the ordeal through Sadma. Jha knows pretty well that no channel would air his expletive-ridden awards function and is secretly proud of the compliment. After all, he is tired of watching everyone else doling out meaningless awards in between celebrity performances with the onepoint agenda of making a packet from television rights.Since opportunity-hungry entertainment channels too see the obvious profits involved in telecasting or even hosting an awards show, these functions have become as frequent and repetitive as soap operas. \"While getting a star to anchor a reality show may turn out to be really expensive (close to Rs 3 crore per episode), channels realise that for a mere Rs 4 crore to 5 crore of television rights, they are now getting an entire gamut of stars at one go. So it makes sense for them to telecast sponsored award functions, as they are obvious eyeball-grabbers ,\" says Anu Ranjan of Indian Television Academy.Thanks to these eyeballs, award functions on TV today run the gamut from 'industry awards' like Gadget Guru, woman achiever awards, awards in the name of leaders like Rajiv Gandhi and Babasaheb Ambedkar (Rakhi Sawant was one of the recipients at the latter), television awards and bizarrely, even awards for the various saas-bahu-devarbhabi characters essayed by TV actors where Dadisas are brought on stage to dance and hosts are made to mouth inane lines. And film stars are present at all these-at one, Akshay Kumar hugged a famous naani and thanked her for teaching him all about the art of dialogue delivery.Incidentally, Akshay Kumar's omnipresence at such shows was part of the reason why media professional Chitra Sakpal gave up watching award functions. \"I am tired of seeing Akshay Kumar jumping off a pedestal and perform stunts in every show,\" says Sakpal, who finds that most have become monotonous with similar scripts, themes and jokes. She can even tell that the actor who is performing is there \"to pick up some award in some category \" and is amazed at how much such shows-where stars agree to show up to promote their upcoming movietake the audience for granted. \"Do you think the audience are fools and don't understand that stars always have an agenda, be it promotion or publicity?\" asks Sakpal.The recent spurt in alternative awards such as Sadma, Ghantas and the Golden Kelas is then an extreme consequence of viewer fatigue with such events. \"How do you decide the best Indian of the Year, for instance? Does he make the life of the rest of the 1.2 billion Indians better in some way?\" asks Jatin Varma, whose Twenty Onwards Media organises the Golden Kelas , the four-year-old Indian version of the Razzies which was inspired by the viewer fatigue with Bollywood awards. But despite being at the other end, Varma admits, \"It's very difficult to entertain an audience during a strictly industry-specific award so inviting celebrities not only adds the glamour quotient but also makes good business sense.\"TV channels, predictably, are vehement in their defence of awards shows. There can never really be an \"overdose\" of entertainment, insists Prashant Bhatt, fiction head of Colors which hosts the Golden Petal awards. \"Award shows are an extension of entertainment and they always get a good viewership.\" Nitin-Vaidya , Business Head, Hindi Channels, STAR India, which pioneered such shows as the Star Parivaar awards, says it was telecast this year using 3D mapping technology and even had a category called the Nayi Soch Kirdar-to felicitate the character that lived up to \"progressive Indian ideology\" .But no matter how different or liberal TV claims to be, there are some shows they might never air, like the Sadma awards, and not just because of the heavy use of expletives . Firstly, they had no star, not even Poonam Pandey. Secondly, one of the many colourful categories in the show was called: 'Shit which you eat on TV' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817747", "title": "Corporations ready to function: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has fielded the director of local bodies to clarify that all arrangements were in place for the functioning of the three new corporations.This comes a day after BJP wrote to Union home minister P Chidambaram seeking deferment of the decision to execute trifurcation in MCD administration citing lack of preparedness on the part of Delhi government. The Delhi cabinet will decide on making provision for release of funds to the tune of Rs 1831 crore to free the three new corporations of their financial liabilities and allow them to begin on a fresh note.The government is likely to take a decision on Monday on providing Rs 1,831 crore to the three corporations to clear all the dues owed to various institutions by MCD.On Saturday, director, local bodies and urban development secretary R K Srivastava said the process for division of financial resources, staff and properties of MCD into three parts has been completed. \"No gaps have been left in the process. Budgetary and financial management issues have been identified and are being addressed by Delhi government. Arrangements are in place to ensure the three corporations start functioning properly on due dates,\" said Srivastava.He said that a proposal for fixing the dates for holding the first meeting of the North, East and South Delhi corporations has already been forwarded to Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna.Meanwhile, the Congress finalized the names of three leaders of the opposition for the three corporations on Saturday.In a meeting with the elected Congress councillors at the state party office, DPCC chief JP Aggarwal finalized the three names. Three-time councillor from Nizamuddin, Farhad Suri, will head the party in South, four-time councillor Mukesh Goel, in North and three-time councilor, Varyam Kaur, in the East corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817603", "title": "Bail pleas of six in Adarsh case rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: A special CBI court on Saturday rejected the bail applications of six of the nine accused in the Adarsh housing scam. The court observed that the allegations are of a serious nature. Special judge M V Kulkarni rejected the application, stating that the crime is of a serious nature.The accused who had sought bail included ex-deputy secretary of the urban development (UD) department P V Deshmukh, Maj Gen (retd) T K Kaul, former collector of Mumbai Pradeep Vyas, former municipal commissioner Jairaj Pathak, former secretary of the UD department Ramanand Tiwari and former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani.The court will hear the bail applications of the other accused - Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo and chief promoter of the society, R C Thakur - on Monday. Maj Gen (retd) A R Kumar is also one of the accused arrested on charges of corruption and criminal conspiracy.While Phatak and Tiwari filed bail applications for the first time, the other accused made a second attempt to seek bail.During the arguments, the defence brought up the Adarsh commission report, which held that the land on which the building was constructed belonged to the state government and not the ministry of defence. It concluded that the land was never reserved for Kargil war widows. The accused claimed that no case was made out against them and that they had cooperated during the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12818454", "title": "Wardens on daily wages in Kerala jails: DGP", "text": "KOCHI: The DGP (prisons) has made a fervent plea to the high court, requesting it to direct the Public Service Commission to fill up the vacant posts of wardens in jails across the state.Untrained wardens, hired through employment exchanges on daily wages, have been manning the 52 jails in the state. This arrangement could not curb the flow of contraband into prisons and also maintain discipline, DGP Alexander Jacob submitted in an affidavit.\"The department of prisons is compelled to appoint wardens through employment exchanges temporarily without imparting any training for want of timely advice (recruitment) from the PSC. The department has to even resort to appointment on daily wages,\" the affidavit said.Out of the total 1,368 posts in the department, 204 have been vacant as the PSC rank list was exhausted. The DGP also pointed out that 962 out of the total 1,368 personnel were fresh recruits with under five years' service, while 228 wardens were untrained, affecting the jail discipline.The prison manual has stipulated for one staffer for every six prisoners: the present ratio in most jails is 1:10 or 1:16, the DGP submitted.As many as 950 prisoners have been lodged currently in Thiruvananthapuram central jail, the DGP said, adding that the PSC appointees were just 71. In Kannur, seven PSC wardens had to search 1,286 prisoners for mobile phones.\"It is a wonder that such a search could be conducted without any trouble at the Kannur central jail,\" the affidavit said. In sub-jails, where remand prisoners are housed, the situation is more pathetic. The number of prisoners often would be above 150, while the staff would be one head warden and two or three wardens, the DGP submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12817865", "title": "Graft: Lokayukta court summons BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The Lokayukta court on Saturday issued summons to former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and five others, including his two sons, in connection with a private complaint filed by a city-based advocate.The court adjourned the case to May 24, when they must personally appear in the court. Charges being faced relate to various sections of Prevention of Corruption Act, IPC and Karnataka Land (Restriction of Transfer) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12818380", "title": "Gram panchayat autonomy shadow on Bhubaneswar Comprehensive Development Plan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The much publicized comprehensive development plan (CDP) for Bhubaneswar, prepared by IIT Kharagpur, to foster regulated growth in the state capital region may turn out to be a futile exercise as the plan's applicability to villages in the capital region has come under scanner.The Orissa high court had said on March 27 that Orissa Development Authorities Act 1982 can have no application to gram panchayat areas as that would amount to taking away the power, duties, functions and authority of the gram panchayats. Justice B P Das and Justice S K Mishra observed that \"this act is meant for the urban area development. From the Act itself it is clear that the ODA Act cannot be extended to the rural areas covered by panchayat samiti.\"Though the court has not mentioned anything about applicability of the CDP of Bhubaneswar development plan area (BDPA) in its order, there is uncertainty over its fate as it was notified under the ODA Act on April 7, 2010 and approved under Section 11 of the ODA Act.\"Since the Act doesn't extend to rural areas, the CDP may not be applicable there. The government should urgently intervene so that local self government in villages doesn't accord permission of constructions in areas marked for other purposes in the CDP so that the sanctity of plan can be preserved,\" said D S Tripathy, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), state chapter.Government sources said though technically the CDP notification may not be applicable in villages, the government can still ensure implementation of its provisions. \"The court has taken exception to an urban body encroaching rights of a panchayat body. Government can form committees having representatives from panchayats as its members to ensure planned development in these villages,\" said senior officer of the housing and urban development department.The CDP, prepared by IIT Kharagpur, is a sector wise plan for regulated growth of the capital region with an investment of over Rs 30,000 crore by 2030 to cater to the need of a projected 30 lakh population. Under the Orissa Technology Mission, the state had assigned the task of preparing the CDP and a Perspective Plan Vision 2030 for Bhubaneswar-Cuttack Urban Complex, to the department of architecture and regional planning, IIT, Kharagpur. It was an years-long exercise.Under the CDP area of Bhubaneswar, there are over 500 villages. While the BDA acquired over 200 villages in 2003, the government has notified to include over 350 villages under BDA limit in 2010. The HC said the BDA will have no jurisdiction in over 200 villages already notified, while hearing the petition of a developer who had constructed a project by taking permission from the panchayat samiti and not the BDA.Sources said the government has decided to move the Supreme Court against the HC verdict. \"We have gone through the court order. The government has already decided that BDA will move the Supreme Court in view of the HC order,\" said housing and urban development minister Sarada Prasad Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827392", "title": "Gabbar Singh to release in May second week", "text": "The audio of Gabbar Singh has been declared a hit and it has increased the expectations surrounding the film manifold. The producers are planning to release the film in the second week of May as a summer gift to Pawan Kalyan fans. \"Devi Sri Prasad's compositions have got rave reviews from both audiences and critics alike. We will be releasing the movie in the second week of May,\" said producer Ganesh Babu. The movie is in the post production stage currently. The producer lavished praise on music director Devi Sri Prasad who is working on the background score for the film in Chennai. \"I went to Chennai to hand over the reels of the film to him. Devi Sri Prasad is doing a fabulous job with the background score as well. I am confident that come May, Pawan Kalyan will rewrite the record books in Tollywood again,\" added Ganesh Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12818332", "title": "Maoist leader held in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Security forces arrested Maoist leader Bitka Marandi alias Bitka Manjhi, who was wanted in more than 12 incidents and evading police net since 2001, from Harli forest in Churchu late on Friday night.Deputy superintendent of police (DSP) Satyendra Singh said on Saturday that the arrest was made by a combined operation of the CRPF, Indian Reserve Battalion and Jharkhand Armed Police.\"The Maoist was arrested while he was talking to his chief Charlis, the self-styled area commander of Hazaribag, Bokaro and Giridih districts of Jharkhand,\" Singh said.The arrested rebel was wanted by police for killing 13 security personnel including 11 CRPF jawans in 2001.\"The rebel was wanted in more than 12 incidents in Hazaribag, Bokaro and Giridih districts. He was also involved in attacking the camp office of a private construction company engaged in widening of NH-33 at Morangi in Hazaribag in November last year. The Maoists had set afire 50 vehicles after the company refused to pay levy,\" said the DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12817948", "title": "Axe additional solicitor general for ship case faux pas: Chandy", "text": "KOCHI: An indignant Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday said that the state government has asked the Centre to remove additional solicitor general Harin Raval for adopting a position contrary to Kerala's legal stand in the Enrica Lexie incident.Raval's statement in the Supreme Court on Friday, that the directorate general of shipping had no objection to the release of the Italian ship, has weakened the legal force of the Kerala police's argument.Speaking to reporters in Kochi on Saturday, Chandy said his government has registered its protest with the Centre saying the issue was taken up with the attorney general who has \"ensured suitable action in consultation with the law ministry''.In a fax message to Union law minister Salman Khurshid , Chandy said he wanted to know under what circumstances Raval submitted in the Supreme Court that India had no jurisdiction to detain Enrica Lexie, from which marines shot dead two Indian fishermen on February 15 off Kerala coast.In his submission, Raval had said the ship was not within India's territorial waters when the shooting took place. The ruling Congress-led UDF government is in a bind ever since ASG's submission that contradicted the stand of the state government, which has firmly held that India has the legal competence and right to try the case under its laws.\"The government is clear that the incident happened in Indian waters,\" shipping minister G K Vasan told reporters in Chennai. \"It might be his (Raval's) personal opinion,\" he added, when asked about Raval's submission in the SC.It's also possible that the state government would axe its counsel, M T George, who kept quiet when Raval made his statement that sent shock waves through out Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817481", "title": "Thick presence exposes AP students to attacks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the 1.1 lakh Indian students chasing their \" US education\" dream, an estimated 45% are from Andhra Pradesh followed by those from Gujarat and Punjab. No wonder then that whenever it is a case of crime against Indian students in the US, a Telugu name invariably figures among the victims.Educationists and observers of the 'Chalo America' trend say that it has thus got more to do with their wide presence than any particularly pointed hatred for Telugu students that, over the last four years, their names have kept cropping up in incidents of violent attacks.K Seshadri Rao, the MBA student shot dead in Boston, hailed from Odisha, but his Telugu name once again underlined the community's resolve to ensure that at least one child from the family makes it to the US. That one in every four households has a son or a daughter studying in the US is an oft-repeated statement that has become something of a proverbial truth.\"Almost half the Indian students studying in the US are those who hail from Andhra Pradesh. Obviously, if there is crime involving an Indian national, the probability of a Telugu student getting targeted is much higher,\" says an education consultant. V Venkatramanna, dean of University of Hyderabad's school of management studies, too was of the opinion that the perceived victimization of Telugu students was, in reality, only circumstantial.Talking about the massive number of students studying in the US, he said: \"AP produces a lot of IIT graduates and it is only a natural progression for these graduates to get into IT companies and settle abroad. The rise has been phenomenal post-80s. Add to that, the great middle-class aspiration of doing well and we became an abundant supplier of talent.\"Ramana Reddy, special secretary and in-charge of NRI Affairs, says that attacks against students are rarely region-specific. Reddy said that, in the last two to three years, around 10 students/professionals from AP have been shot dead abroad.Telugu students also figured in large numbers among those duped in the Tri Valley college scam. The university with dubious credentials had been running an immigration racket and got admitted students through illegal means before it got busted.However, the scene has changed in the last couple of years and instances of violence against Indian students are now few and far between, which is as it should be since the American universities also require this traffic, to grow and prosper.\"US is largely a safe country for students but, after the racial attacks in Australia and tightening of visa norms in UK, the number of students going abroad has come down marginally,\" says Surya Ganesh Valmiki, CEO of Valmiki Group. He said that now Canada is fast becoming a preferred destination for AP students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817816", "title": "Cop waylaid, shot by bikers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified men waylaid and shot dead a policeman near his house in the Kanjhawala area of outer Delhi on Friday night. Constable Rajender Singh Khatri (35) had been posted at Rithala Metro station but was on leave, police said.The killers came on bikes and opened fire on Khatri, who was driving an Accent , near a school in Karala village around 11.50pm. Police said four rounds were fired and Khatri died of a shot to the chest. His car spun out of control and rammed into a tree. The constable was brought to hospital in a PCR van after a passer by alerted police, but was found dead on arrival.Police suspect personal enmity to be the motive for the murder, but are not ruling out the hand of people investigated or arrested by Khatri recently.\"A case of murder has been registered. The fact that he was shot at four times indicates desperation to eliminate him. Khatri's body was handed over to the family after postmortem,\" said an officer.Sources said suspects were being questioned and Khatri's call record was being analyzed to identify the killer.Khatri had joined the force in 2002 and was earlier deployed with the 3rd battalion of Delhi Armed Police (DAP). He stayed with his family in Punjab Khor village in outer Delhi. He got married in 2004 and is survived by his wife and three children. Khatri's family is well off, and his father runs a transport business, relatives said.A cousin told TOI: \"We got to know about the incident around 1am, when an acquaintance told us about it. We don't know who killed him, as he never had any tiff with anyone, at work or in business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817467", "title": "Rajkot scion buys Palitana\u2019s Hawa Mahal for Rs 18cr", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The palace of Palitana, the Jain pilgrimage town, will make way for a heritage hotel.Hawa Mahal, built over 10 years starting 1931, has been bought by the royal family of erstwhile Rajkot state for Rs 18 crore.Mandhatasinh Jadeja, whose firm Trident Developers purchased the property from the royal family of Palitana, plans to have his new acquisition, built with a mix of limestone and green-stone, included in the state's heritage tourism circuit.The mahal overlooks Shetrunjay Hills, considered auspicious for Jains.\"My mission is to promote tourism, where we conserve property that can be converted into a hotel for adaptive use. This new acquisition will add to our heritage properties,\" said Jadeja, an honorary director on the board of Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited.Hawa Mahal has two palaces in the same compound - the new one, a three-storey structure was built by Mistri Purshottamdas Gilabhai in an Edwardian style during the reign of Bahadursinh Mansinh of Palitana.The old palace - designed and built by engineer HS Davies Esq during 1907-09 - is in a dilapidated condition and needs extensive repairs.\"It is believed that every Jain visits Palitana at least once in his or her lifetime. The place records a footprint of more than 10 lakh people annually. The heritage places will offer an interesting experience and will also provide the young with a glimpse of Palitana's history,\" said Jadeja, who believes with vegetarianism on the rise worldwide the town will attract foreigners as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817201", "title": "TV actress' husband seeks custody of child", "text": "CHENNAI: A marketing executive has filed a petition against his wife, an actress in Tamil and Telugu TV serials, seeking custody of their three-year-old daughter.In his petition, Gopi Krishnadass said he met Simranjeet Kaur through a common friend in December 2007 and they got married in January 2008. Since he was posted in Singapore at the time and she was working on a few serials, the couple agreed to have a reception in March, after which she joined him in Singapore. Subsequently, she returned to India and gave birth to their daughter in February 2009.Krishnadass said he shifted jobs and was posted in the city. However, the relationship began to come under strain from November 2011. Due to this, there were arguments which led to quarrels among the couple. On December 24, the petitioner said she left him to stay at her mother's house.Apprehensive that the child would not get enough care from her mother, the petitioner said he sought custody so that she could grow up in a secure environment. Krishnadass added that he had not been allowed to see their daughter for the last two months. Considering the welfare of the child, he said he could fulfill all the financial responsibilities towards her education.He said he had shifted his residence to provide a better environment for his child and wife, but was now given to understand that the child was not attending school. ASince he was currently staying with his parents and his mother was healthy, she would be able to take care of the child as well, the petition noted.\"The case came up for hearing before T C S Raja Chockalingam, judge, principal family court. The couple was referred for counselling. They have been directed to be present with their child at the next date of hearing,\" advocate G Manimekalai, counsel for the petitioner, said.Simranjeet Kaur's husband Gopi Krishnadass stated that he had not been allowed to see his daughter for the last two months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817476", "title": "\u2018Missile Woman\u2019 on to next challenge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tessy Thomas, project director for Agni IV and a senior scientist behind the launch of Agni V, is already back at work preparing for the Multiple Independent Re-Entry Vehicles (MIRV) of Agni V that will make a second strike possible.\"We have certain technologies to work on\", Tessy Thomas, top scientist at the Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL), told STOI. Tessy played a crucial role as project director for Agni V. When Agni V was test-fired on April 19 at Wheeler Island, Odisha, excited scientists lifted the top brass on their shoulders to celebrate the big event. \"I may not have been lifted up but I was literally dancing on my feet,\" Tessy said.For Agni V, Tessy had to look after the mission design, guidance, control, navigation and hardware. \"It is a large mission, everybody had different responsibilities,\" she said.While missiles are what Tessy always had in her mind, strange as it may sound, her parents had named her after Mother Teresa. Interestingly, Tessy hardly finds any difference in what Mother Teresa, whom she adores, did and her own work. \"She did something for the society and my job also relates to doing something for the benefit of the society,\" she said.Tessy joined the Defence Institute of Advanced Technology (DIAT) of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) as a faculty member in 'guided missiles' in 1987 with an ME degree in the subject. She became a part of the Inertial Navigation Group as a scientist in 1988 in Hyderabad.The missile woman, who is now referred to as 'Agni putri', has been a part of every Agni programme from the time developmental flights were being carried out 25 years ago. She designed the guidance schemes for long range missile system meant for Agni missiles.A lot of personal recognition has come Tessy Thomas' way but the missile woman prefers to describe herself as an ordinary citizen. \"The country as a whole is excited about Agni V and as an Indian citizen, even I am happy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12818643", "title": "Liquor policy good news for Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new excise policy which is likely to make city-based liquor contractors hike the rates of various liquor brands between 35 to 40%, has brought smiles on the faces of liquor contractors of neighbouring townships, including Mohali and Panchkula.Liquor contractors in neighbouring townships have been feeling cheated for a long time because people from these places preferred to come to Chandigarh because of availability of cheaper liquor here. The recently held auction of liquor vends in Chandigarh has indicated a price hike in the city as the Chandigarh administration has hiked the reserve price of each liquor vend by 20% as compared to last year.Sukhbir Singh, a liquor contractor from Mohali said, \"The new excise policy of Chandigarh has come as a relief for us, as we had been facing the heat because of availability of cheaper liquor in Chandigarh for a long time. Mohali residents preferred to go to Chandigarh to guzzle on expensive liquor, while in Mohali there was only demand for cheap liquor.\"Sumit Singla, a liquor contractor from Panchkula, said that the liquor vend in Sector 52 was auctioned for Rs 4.25 crore, while pointing out that the same was auctioned for Rs 2.75 crore in 2011, while adding that this indicates that prize of liquor brands in Chandigarh would be increased between 35 to 40%.However, Chandigarh-based liquor contractors are worried because the new policy directly affects their business. H S Randhawa, a Sector 35 based contractor, told TOI, \"The new policy will definitely hit the liquor business in Chandigarh.\"Vicky Gupta of Sector 26 said, \"Though city-based contractors have reduced the prices of liquor brands for finishing the liquor quota from the year 2010-2011 however after the implementation of the new price list from May 1, liquor business in Chandigarh will definitely suffer losses.\"A Manimajra-based contractor on condition of anonymity, said, \"It was the pressure from Punjab and Haryana, which forced Chandigarh administration to hike the liquor prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12817085", "title": "Goa University's one-day 'Placement Fair 2012' on May 5", "text": "PANAJI: After receiving a tremendous response last year, the second edition of the 'Placement Fair, 2012' of the Goa University (GU) in collaboration with The Times of India is all set to roll on May 5. Close to 600 students from the university and affiliated colleges are expected to attend the one-day fair to be held at the varsity premises in Taleigao.Last year was the first time GU hosted a centralized placement fair for students passing out from all of its branches and courses. The fair is looking to better its last year's attendance of over 20 companies scanning for new recruits.Unichem, Indoco, Sesa, HDFC, Axis Securities are among some of the prominent companies the fair boasts of for its 2012 edition. Careers in mining, pharma, BPOs and banking, in nearly 20 Goan as well as multinational companies, await students at the fair.Final year postgraduate and graduate students of the Goa University and its affiliated non-professional colleges respectively, will be eligible to apply for registration to participate in the fair. Final-year students of BA, BSc, BCom, BCA, BBA, BMM, BSW are eligible to apply. On the day of the fair, which will begin from 9am onwards, students will have to carry sets of their registration forms with photograph and signature and attested copies of their qualifications from Class X to graduation or postgraduation level. Students will have to carry documents for each company they will be applying to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818140", "title": "Passengers stay hungry at railway station", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eating and drinking at the railway station refreshment room seems to be a thing of the past now, as the authorities have not been able to arrange a private contractor for the purpose.The refreshment room has been a home to cobwebs in the past four months, doors shut and not a soul in sight, and passengers are forced to make do with hunger pangs. Authorities say the proposal is pending at the headquarters-level and they have no idea when things would get working.Railway people had once claimed that they would float tenders but are now tight-lipped. Neither is the food plaza available, nor any steps are being taken to open the refreshment room.Senior divisional commercial manager M M Singh said, \"We forwarded the proposal of floating tenders to Delhi headquarters but no notification has been received as yet. This is probably because prices of eatables have not been decided.''The irked passengers have clearly pointed fingers at the authorities saying that waiting for trains gets too tiring and there is no place eat.\"People sit in the refreshment room waiting for their rides. So much time has lapsed but authorities are just not bothered,'' businessman from Samrala Chowk Ashok Sharma said.He said the opening is being delayed on one excuse or the other. Student Nitin Dawar said, \"Food plaza building is ready but not open to public. Now the refreshment room is closed. There is just one vendor available that offers a small menu. Authorities must decide on a way out soon, so the commuters are not troubled.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12816952", "title": "One booked for rape", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina-Curtorim police registered an offence against Sadashiv Rama, a native of Sangli, Maharashtra, for raping a 15-year-old girl. Though the incident occurred in January, it came to light now following an NGO's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817918", "title": "City sizzles, cops sweat it out", "text": "KOLKATA: The city huffed, puffed and panted on a scorching Saturday when the mercury touched 39 degrees, marking the hottest day so far with summer certain to be far more punishing as we get into May. Keeping pace with the spiraling temperature, humidity, too, clocked high, making life miserable for those who had ventured out. The hot spell is likely to continue for the next 48 hours, at least, according to the Met office. But don't despair for there's still time for nor'westers to return and provide a cool relief.Roads wore a deserted look in the afternoon. Pedestrians scurried for sheds even as thousands took refuge in the cool comforts of shopping malls.Explaining the discomfort that has been building up over the last few days, weather officials said the cyclical \"peaks\" were to be blamed for the blistering spell. \"Summer has arrived, so temperatures will soar now. There are peak periods when the temperature and humidity climb sharply, making it extremely uncomfortable. These are followed by periods of slide when the mercury drops. We are now going through a peak, which is why it has been so uncomfortable. But there's still time for nor'westers to hit. When they do, we can expect a cooler spell,\" said GC Debnath, director, Alipore weather office.A trough line that extended from Madhya Pradesh to the Orissa coastline triggered successive nor'westers in Kolkata earlier this month. It kept the temperature down for a while. \"You need favourable conditions for a nor'wester to develop. Low pressure over the Chhotanagpur plateau in Bihar has to draw in moisture-laden winds from the Bay of Bengal. When temperature shoots, like it did over the last few days, there is always the possibility of that happening. But there are other factors which could come in the way. So, it's difficult to predict when the next nor'wester is going to strike. But we still have time,\" said V Pradhan, deputy director of metereology.Weathermen kept an eye on the doppler radar which tracks storm movements. But it had nothing exciting to show. Satellite pictures, too, painted a grim picture with no cloud movement in sight. \"It could change, though, and we can predict a squall at least 12 hours in advance using the doppler radar,\" added Pradhan.While people scurried indoors amid soaring temperature and humidity levels, those entrusted with managing traffic on the streets of Kolkata had little respite. Standing in the middle of black-topped roads with heavy helmets on their heads for hours on end, kiosks of our traffic cops at important intersections lack even the most basic of amenities like fans and water-bottles in spite of instructions from chief minister Mamata Banerjee.A peek into the kiosks revealed a messy sight. There are fans in some of the booths but few are in working condition. According to the cops, barely two out of 8-10 booths have fans in working condition. Small pouches of Oral Rehydration Solution (ORS) are provided to the men on duty but they provide little succour in the stifling conditions when even a few minutes at a time under a fan can help.No wonder, authorities chose this time of the year to hold a recruitment rally for constables at the city's race course. They had probably kept in mind the working conditions that the constables will have to put up with, once recruited.\"The conditions are horrible. We have to be on the street for hours but there is no place where we can grab a few minutes rest. The fans in the kiosks don't work and the insides seem like heat chambers. There isn't any supply of water even. We can't approach the CM by ourselves. When we take up the matter with the OC or DC, they ignore us. After all, they don't have to work in such conditions,\" a constable at the busy Park Street-J L Nehru Road crossing said.Some of the cops say that their duty-hours on the street stretch from 11.30 am to 5.30 pm. According to them, given the inclement weather and air pollution they have to put up with, the average life expectancy after retirement is rarely more than a few years. \"We never had fans here. We have spent several summers under extremely poor conditions here. Sometimes we seek shelter under the umbrellas provided to us but one can't work that way. Earlier, we used to be given packets of glucose. Now, we get ORS pouches. It doesn't help much,\" said a policeman posted at the important Esplanade crossing.Meanwhile, the candidates at the race course were also fuming. They had turned up for the rally before 7 am and would remain there till after 7 pm. In the interim period, they would have to prove their capability by running 1,600 metres in six and a half minutes.\"The rally should have been held under better weather conditions. There aren't even basic amenities like water here. All this is taking a toll on our fitness,\" a candidate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816774", "title": "It's time to melt frost in Siachen", "text": "The death of about 140 Pakistani army personnel in an avalanche at the battalion HQ at Gyari in the Siachen conflict zone has again brought to the fore the dangers of prolonged deployment on both sides of the actual ground position line, despite the fact that an informal ceasefire has been holding up quite well since November 25, 2003. In mid-March 2007, too, five Pakistani soldiers had perished in an avalanche.Even at the peak of fighting in the 1980s and 1990s, maximum casualties on both the sides occurred because of the treacherous terrain, the super-high altitude - which affects the human body adversely, and the extreme weather. The lack of oxygen at heights between 18,000 and 20,000 feet and prolonged periods of isolation are a lethal combination and result in pulmonary oedema, frostbite and other serious complications. Besides, prolonged deployment at such heights takes a heavy psychological toll. While these casualties are now better managed due to early evacuation, improvements in medical science and the establishment of forward medical facilities, they can never be completely eliminated.The economic cost of maintaining an infantry brigade group at Siachen to guard the desolate mountain passes and approaches leading to them from the western slopes of the Saltoro Ridge has been estimated to range between Rs 3-3.5 crore per day - Rs 1,000-1,200 crore annually. The costs are high because the logistics tail is long, the only road ends at the base camp close to the snout of Nubra river where the almost 80-km glacier ends and a large number of infantry posts can be maintained only by helicopters that air-drop supplies with attendant losses, as recoveries are often less than 50%. The frequent turnover of troops adds to the costs as a battalion can be stationed at the Saltoro Ridge for a maximum of six months.Stephen Cohen , a well-known and respected Washington-based South Asia analyst, has described the Siachen conflict as a fight between two bald men over a comb. In his view, \"Siachen... is not militarily important... They (Indian and Pakistani armies) are there for purely psychological reasons, testing each other's 'will'.\"Both governments have been finding it difficult to overcome deeply entrenched mindsets and are unable to look for innovative and creative approaches. India insists that the present forward positions of both the armies on the Saltoro Range along the AGPL should be demarcated after a joint survey so that there is a reference point in case a dispute arises in future. Pakistan's position is that by suddenly occupying the Saltoro Range west of the Siachen glacier, India violated the 1972 Shimla agreement and must, therefore, undo its \"aggression\" without insisting on legitimising its illegal occupation through the demarcation of present positions.After Pakistan's intrusions into Kargil in 1999, the Indian Army's advice to the government that the AGPL must be jointly verified and demarcated before demilitarisation begins, is operationally sound and pragmatic military advice. However, if Pakistan's military capacity to grab and hold on to vacated Indian positions after the demilitarisation agreement comes into effect is carefully analysed, it will be found that Pakistan is in no position to occupy any of the posts vacated by India.At a recent India-Pak Track 2 meeting at Bangkok , organized by Ottawa University jointly with the Atlantic Council and the National Defence University, Washington, it was agreed by both sides that the present military positions should be \"jointly recorded and the records exchanged\" as a prelude to the disengagement and demilitarization process. While this falls short of the Indian demand for demarcation, it should be politically acceptable.However, India should insist on building a clause into the demilitarisation agreement that in case of the agreement is violated, both sides reserve the right to take whatever action they deem fit, including offensive military measures. Simultaneously with the withdrawal of its troops from the glacial heights, India should create and maintain suitably structured reserves for counter-action across the LoC at a point of its choosing. These reserves would also be handy for intervention on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) with China should it ever become necessary.The demilitarisation of Siachen will act as a confidence building measure of immense importance. For India, it is a low-risk option to test Pakistan's long-term intentions. It is, therefore, an idea whose time has come. Indian and Pakistani leaders need to find the political will necessary to accept ground realities. It is time the Indian government began the process of building a national consensus around this important confidence-building measure.The writer is a defence analyst", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827282", "title": "Youth held on extortion charges", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Special Operation Group (SOG) and Attarsuiya police on Sunday arrested a person, identified as Shakib Ali, a resident of Attarsuiya, on the charges of trying to extort Rs five lakh from the owner of Bharat Timber. The arrest was made near Sheeshmahal trisection.The police also recovered three mobile sets and five SIM cards from his possession. SSP Naveen Arora said an unidentified person had on April 16 made a call to the owner of Bharat Timber on his mobile number and demanded Rs five lakh ransom. The extortionist also threatened to kill the sons of the timber company owner if he failed to pay money.SSP said on April 20 Shakib had sent a message to the victim to leave the money in a garbage dump near Shaan Palace. The police have booked Shakib under sections 386 and 506 of IPC. SSP added that the miscreant had used three mobile sets and five SIM cards with an intention that police could not be able to trace out his locations. Later, a joint team of Attarsuiya police and SOG was constituted to crack down the incident.During interrogation, Shakib said he got the idea after watching a crime-based TV serial. He said he kept a watch on the activities of the timber merchant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12798238", "title": "Randeep Hooda wants to be a poster boy", "text": "Once bitten twice shy. And after experiencing a major setback during the promotional campaign (which doesn't publicise his character at all) of Jannat 2, Randeep Hooda has made sure that he does not go unnoticed in his next venture with Dharma productions.Before signing the project, Hooda has made it clear to Karan Johar , that he wants to be promoted simultaneously with the other two lead actors - Sanjay Dutt and Emraan - in the Rensil D'Silva film when the time comes.Hooda, who plays a parallel lead in Jannat 2, features nowhere in the promotions and thus, the actor has now decided to ensure visibility in his next project. \"I have discussed this with Dharma Productions. This clause was always a part of the contract. However, I underlined it. Since I am playing an important role, I have made sure that my character is promoted along with the other actors from the very beginning. Karan's team assured me that since they were professionals, I need not worry about this,\" Hooda told Mirror.Director Rensil D'Silva however, said that he wasn't aware of such a contract. \"These are legal matters handled by the production house. All I can say is that Randeep has a very important and meaty role in my film alongside Dutt and Emraan. I don't see any reason for not promoting him afterwards,\" said he. Though, Dharma has assured him of equal promotions in future, Randeep's current project Jannat 2 has failed to do so. \"I asked the producers what was I supposed to say if the media asked me about my role in the film. So they finally told me that they will unveil my character now,\" revealed the actor. However, according to a source close to the production house, it was only after Randeep expressed his dissatisfaction and refused to be a part of the interviews that his portions were included in the trailer. \"They decided to include him in the promotions to appease him,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817815", "title": "Palitana follows Haridwar, bans non-vegetarian food and eggs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP-ruled Palitana municipality in Bhavnagar has decided to follow the footsteps of Haridwar.The municipality authorities have decided to ban the sale of eggs and non-vegetarian food in the pilgrim town.During a meeting on Friday, the municipality passed a notification banning sale of non-veg food and eggs within the limits of the town.The ban was imposed following protests by Jain saints who threatened to self-immolate if the municipality did not adopt the resolution on the lines of Haridwar.Pravinbhai Gadhvi, president of nagar palika said that the ban was already there but this was only in the peripheries of the road leading to the Jain temples.It was in March that some Jain saints led by Maharaj Saheb Maitriprabhsagar had sat on a fast and later threatened to self-immolate themselves if the nagar palika did not ban the sale of non-veg food and eggs within the jurisdiction of the nagar palika.\"When we met the Jain saints they requested us to enforce the ban in the area which is in the jurisdiction of the nagar palika. The same was then cleared in the meeting on Friday.\"He said since the opposition Congress was against the decision, the nagar palika will have to gather public opinion.\"Palitana is an important pilgrim place for the Jain community. Jain monks were of the opinion that if Haridwar can have a law preventing sale of non-veg food and eggs, this pilgrim town can also follow suit. When saints threatened of self-immolation, the district administration and nagar palika assured to pass such a resolution.\"J L Dave, chief officer of the nagar palika, said, \"Since this was a policy decision, we will have to take objections of the public at large into consideration. Once that is done, the implementation will be done and the same will be sent to the government for final approval. The nagar palika will invite objections which have to be submitted within 30 days and which started on Friday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12818381", "title": "FIR against MLA in colliery clash", "text": "DHANBAD: Police have filed FIRs against 39 people, including Baghmara MLA Dhullu Mahto, in connection with Friday's clash between Jharkhand Vikash Morcha and All Jharkhand Students' Union activists at Vasudevpur colliery.Police have arrested 18 people, including some women leaders. One person was killed and 14 were injured in the clash in which bullets, bombs and stones were exchanged. The clash had occurred over dominance over coal trade in the area.Geeta Singh, a member of the central executive of the JVM, was arrested along with senior leaders of the party Khshboo Khatun, Bhamti Chakravarty and Dharamjit Singh. They have been sent to judicial custody.Peace has been restored in the area and deployment of police from adjoining areas has been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12818160", "title": "All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam factions clash", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Tension prevailed in Rajapalayam on Saturday as two factions of the AIADMK clashed in full public view, leaving five persons admitted in the government hospital. The clash was between supporters of Rajapalayam MLA K Gopalsamy and union chairperson A Ponnuthayi, over the distribution of welfare measures in the villages.Local sources said there was a function to distribute benefits to the public at Rajapalayam and K T Rajendra Balaji, minister for information, presided over the event. After distributing the benefits, the minister left the spot due to other appointments and had asked his party colleagues to distribute them. While Ponnuthayi and her supporters went to send off the minister, Gopalsamy proceeded to Devadanam village nearby where he distributed the benefits. After that, he proceeded to the next village Ilanthiraikondan and was listening to the grievances of the public on the way.Meanwhile, Ponnuthayi and her supporters reached Devadanam and learnt that the welfare measures were already distributed. Irked by this, they proceeded to Ilanthiraikondan and after finding the MLA, they picked up a quarrel with him. The heated arguments resulted in a fight between supporters of each faction. Alagapurian, panchayat president of Melapattam Karisalkulam and father of the union chairperson, allegedly sustained stab injuries and was admitted to the government hospital at Rajapalayam along with another supporter Sivapiran from Magavur. From the MLA's side, Pottalpatti Rajendran, Sendil and K S Pandian were admitted to the hospital, the sources said.A local AIADMK functionary who did not want to be named said Gopalsamy played a key role in the election of Ponnuthayi as union chairperson but their terms started getting sour a few months ago.\"For the last four months, tension was mounting between both groups with the union chairperson feeling that the MLA was interfering in her jurisdiction. The friction that has been going on for some months erupted on Saturday with chairman's side feeling that the MLA was sidelining them while distributing welfare measures\", he said.Another AIADMK cadre said Gopalsamy had been termed as close aide of Ravanan, kin of Sasikalaa. After Ravanan was ousted from the party, Gopalsamy lost his grip in local politics and other cadre were waiting for such a situation, he said. Dhalavaipuram police sources said the clash occurred after the function ended in the villages.A few supporters from both sides got admitted in hospital and they were collecting statements from them. They were yet to file an FIR in this regard, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12817925", "title": "Marine institute student suspended for ragging junior", "text": "KOLKATA: The Marine Engineering and Research Institute (MERI), Kolkata, has suspended a third-year student accused of hitting a 19-year-old fresher from Delhi some 40 times in the face. Members of the anti-ragging committee are also examining the other accused in the sadistic torture.\"We suspended Pankaj Chowdhary from training soon after we got a formal complaint from the victim's father,\" said deputy director of the institute, K K Moulik. Soon after receiving the complaint, the director, deputy director and members of the anti-ragging committee called the two accused before they got sure about Chowdhary's leading role in the ragging. According to sources, the hostel warden as well as some fourth-year students corroborated the complaint. The role of the other accused, Khemka Khetri, is also under scanner. \"The institute is strictly against ragging and the anti-ragging committee will definitely take stringent action if the other one is found guilty of ragging the cadet,\" Moulik said.The incident took place on Wednesday after the 19-year-old cadet of the institute landed in a hospital in the evening after he was allegedly slapped and punched by two seniors of the third-year batch as he could not endure the three-hour-long physical exercise forced on him and his friends the same morning.The Delhi boy joined the prestigious institute around eight months ago. Since then, he and all first-year students have been subjected to regular ragging sessions. According to them, only two seniors are involved in the sadistic torture.On Wednesday morning, many freshers were pulled out of their beds at 4am by the duo and given physical exercises - push-ups, crawls and frog-jumps - for three hours. Towards the end, the Delhi boy collapsed on the ground, exhausted, and pleaded with the two third-year students to let him go just one time. But the two rained blows and slaps on him. He was hit some 40 times in the face.The victim's father P K Mishra got an SMS from his son about the incident around 7.30 am. His mother fainted on hearing this. The father rushed to Kolkata on the first available flight to Kolkata. On coming to Kolkata, Mishra got busy with his son's treatment and could not lodge a complaint with the institute the next day on Thursday. Later, he lodged a complaint with the institute and also with the Taratala police. MERI was waiting for the complaint and didn't waste time in starting the probe the day it got it from the victim's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818352", "title": "Ludhianvis going under knife to shed pounds", "text": "LUDHIANA: An increasing number of Ludhianvis are preferring to go under the knife to lose weight. This is borne out by the rise in number of bariatric surgeries conducted in city hospitals - mainly Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) and SPS Apollo - in the last few years.Severe obesity is a chronic condition that is very difficult to treat. So, weight loss surgery is a viable option for many.Dr Arindam Ghosh , senior consultant in surgical gastroenterology at SPS Apollo, who has peformed about 200 such procedures in five years, said, \"When we started these surgeries five years ago, we got five-six cases in a year. But in the last 5 years, the number has gone up 10-fold. At present, we undertake 50 surgeries annually.''He said the main reason why people in Ludhiana opt for these is because they want are overweight due to poor lifestyle habits, lack of knowledge about the right diet and heavy intake of carbohydrates in the form of rotis and paranthas. These surgeries help the obese individuals to increase their life span by 10-15 years and to cure, control and even prevent 30 types of diseases, including diabetes , hypertension, arthritis and even infertility.Dr Ashish Ahuja, obesity surgery specialist at DMCH said, \"The popularity of the procedure is evident from the fact that in May 2008, we conducted only seven bariatric surgeries, but the number shot up to 20 in 2009, 42 in 2010, and 55 in 2011. The number of people looking to lose weight this way is definitely rising.''Dr P S Nain, associate professor in surgery at DMCH said, \"Of about 125 bariatric surgeries we have done in DMCH, 10 were on NRIs. In about 80% of patients, the surgery cured them of diseases like diabetes, hypertension, cardiac problems and even joint problems.''He added that surgery costs between Rs 2 lakh to Rs. 2.5 lakh in DMCH, compared to the Rs 10 lakh charged abroad.Reeta Rani Sood, a government employee of Jalandhar bypass who got bariatric surgery done about a year ago, said, \"I weighed 115 kg because of which I developed a heart problem, hypertension and even diabetes. Post-surgery, my weight came down to 85kg, and I feel a lot better.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12817891", "title": "Engineering student dies in road crash", "text": "MYSORE: An engineering student of SJCE was killed on the spot in a road accident, while another escaped with grievous injuries, after their two-wheeler collided head-on with a tempo on Bogadi Road on Saturday.Sunil, 20, a civil engineering student, succumbed to severe head injuries on the spot, while his classmate Rahul, 20, sustained injuries.He is being treated at a hospital, and his condition is said to be critical. The incident took place near a petrol pump at 3.50pm when the duo was travelling to college from Bogadi where they stay.Kuvempunagar traffic police said Sunil, a native of Gadag district, was riding the two-wheeler, while Rahul of Bidar was riding pillion. Rahul is a fourth semester student.An officer said the rider was not wearing helmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817900", "title": "Municipal Corporation, Gurgaon gets approval of state for 64 crore development works", "text": "GURGAON: Residents living in MCG areas can expect some development work soon with the state government approving 145 projects worth Rs 64 crore.The corporation has already invited tenders for these projects and work is likely to begin soon. It is for the first time after the local elections last year that development work in all 35 wards is being taken up.The councillors, however, say they don't expect a change overnight. \"People need to understand that the councillors have to adapt to the system and this process takes time,\" said Yashpal Batra, senior deputy mayor, MCG.\"Right now we are only trying to repair the crucial infrastructure. Once new development works get allotted, things will become visible. We hope that residents will understand that the councillors are doing their job. The other reason for the delay is shortage of manpower (junior engineers) but that has been solved to an extent,\" he said.A major chunk of the money would be spent on construction and repair of roads, stormwater drains, rainwater harvesting structures and installation of streetlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12817971", "title": "Five criminals held with illegal weapons", "text": "GURGAON: The Bilaspur police arrested two criminals on Friday night for attempting to rob commuters on NH-8. The two had stationed themselves close to Uppal Farm on NH-8 near Bilaspur Chowk and had planned to rob vehicles that were passing through that area. Also on Friday night Gurgaon police arrested three criminals in Sector 34.Following a tip-off, the police reached the spot on NH-8 and arrested the two criminals. According to sources, as the cops' van reached the spot, the duo - not realizing that it's a police vehicle - stopped the car and tried to hold the driver hostage, threatening him with illegal weapons. But soon they realized that it was a police car and tried to flee the spot. As the cops chased them, they started firing at the police who retaliated.Finally, the police were able to arrest the two assailants, who have now been identified as Anil Kumar , resident of Turkapur village in Gurgaon district, and Jaikam Khan, resident of Gwalda village in Rajasthan.The police recovered a .315-bore countrymade pistol, an iron rod and one stolen bike from their possession.Meanwhile in another incident, the crime branch of Gurgaon police has arrested three assailants, who had plotted to carry out dacoity in the marble market of Sector 34, late on Friday night. They were caught with four illegal weapons following a shootout between them and the police.A police officer said that the accused have been identified as Mahendra, resident of Badshahpur; Anil, resident of Bhiwani; and Raju, native of Motihari, Bihar. The police have recovered four .315-bore country-made pistols from their possession. An FIR has been lodged against the accused in the Sadar police station. \"We had produced the three accused before a city court and they have been sent to 14 days' judicial custody in Bhondsi prison,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12817944", "title": "Woman reunites with kin after 16 yrs", "text": "MANGALORE: For 22-year-old Savitha, it was a moment she had been yearning for long.Destined to live a life full of miseries and loneliness, Savitha, who was forced to work as a child labourer when she was six years old, met her father and family members on Saturday after 16 years.Daughter of C Sagay - Malar couple of Kallathipura in Tarikere taluk of Chikmagalur district, Savitha was sent to work as a labourer at a house in Udupi when she was very young. Even when children of her age were playing and enjoying in schools, Savitha, who had lost her mother when she was 18 months old, was forced to work as a child labourer at Hejmadikodi in Udupi and later in Mangalore.Savitha had left Udupi to work for another family in Mangalore in 2007. When she wanted to go to her house, her second employer filed a police complaint. Following this, she was sent to Prajna Counselling Centre (PCC). It was William, a bus conductor in Mangalore, who helped Savitha to find her father. William, a resident of Hejmadikodi, told STOI that he had seen Savitha working in his neighbour's house when she was young.\"My suspicion grew when I saw the girl travelling in the city bus in Mangalore recently. Initially I was reluctant to talk to the girl as I feared that people may thrash me for talking to a girl of another community. Still I spoke to her and came to know about her tragic tale. She requested me to help out to trace her parents. I met PCC director Hilda Rayappan and started searching for her parents,\" he said.Based on the information given by William, Hilda contacted the officials of the department of women and child welfare in Chikmagalur district and collected her school certificates, photos and other documents to confirm her identity.Sagay, who is an estate worker, had sent his child Savitha to Udupi along with his friend Karunakara. Though Sagay and his brother Raju had visited Udupi twice, they were not successful in finding Savitha as the address given by Karunakara was wrong.Savitha, who met father Sagay and uncle Raju, said she could forget all pains and sufferings after meeting her father. \"My only regret is that I can never get my lost childhood back,\" she says.\"I have not decided about my daughter's future. I will support her to build a future and also to find a suitable husband for her,\" said Sagay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817884", "title": "Abhishek Singhvi lashes out at social media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Abhishek Singhvi lashed out at social media for violating the court ban against dissemination of a \" distorted CD\", calling it the handiwork of an organized gang.In a statement, Singhvi said, \"It is obvious that the adage 'be you ever are so high, the law is above you' does not apply to any social media.\" He said this media kept uploading the CD, despite the court injunction against it and even after the author had accepted that he had distorted the content out of vendetta.Singhvi said an organized gang has put the CD on websites for two days to cause \"permanent damage\". He warned that such lawlessness could hit anyone if not stopped.The Congress spokesman's statement came on the day there were reports that social media had flouted the court ban on a CD and kept it in public domain even as the mainstream media bowed to the judicial order. These reports betrayed concern on what could be done about the Internet-driven alternate platform which did not feel restrained by the injunction.After the CD surfaced, Singhvi got an injunction from the court and filed a police complaint against his former driver for blackmailing him. The duo has agreed on a settlement where the driver admitted that he had doctored and morphed the CD, while the Rajya Sabha MP decided not to press for any punishment to him.The CD episode has also triggered speculation about Singhvi's status in Congress. His absence at regular briefings, although hardly unusual, set tongues wagging, with his detractors insisting that the senior most spokesperson has been benched. However, some of his colleagues maintain that Singhvi could not be available at the Congress headquarters because of indisposition, and that he would be back to brief the media next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817441", "title": "Bulgarian consulate opened in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move aimed at strengthening the economic and cultural relations between Bulgaria and Andhra Pradesh, the Bulgarian embassy unveiled the first honorary consulate of the Republic of Bulgaria in South India in Hyderabad on Saturday.Announcing the appointment of local entrepreneur and Suchir India CEO Dr Y Kiran Kumar as the honorary consul of Bulgaria in Andhra Pradesh, Bulgarian ambassador to India Borislav Kostov said that the decision to set up an honorary consulate in Hyderabad was taken because the city is emerging as a global centre for science and technology as well as information technology. \"The honorary consulate is the first step towards deepening and expanding our cultural, economic and trade ties,\" he said. The consulate is located at Filmnagar in Jubilee Hills.According to the Bulgarian envoy, the move would boost Indo-Bulgarian bilateral trade which at around $200 million as of 2011 was way below the actual potential. \"India is growing as a strong economy and global power and Bulgaria provides favourable conditions\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12818450", "title": "Ace women's hockey goalkeeper denied govt job", "text": "SIRSA: Haryana government's 'Medal lao naukri pao' slogan reeks of rhetoric. It was meant to acknowledge the contribution of outstanding sportspersons in the state by giving them jobs. However, the reality is that many such deserving players are languishing in neglect, thanks to government apathy.Savita Poonia, the ace goalkeeper of Indian women hockey team, has been running from pillar to post to get a government job for the last three years but in vain. Savita hails from Jodhkan village of Sirsa district, which is represented by MLA Gopal Kanda, who also holds the charge of home department.After she found her name missing from the list of sportspersons who have been offered jobs in Haryana police, Savita and her family as well as some villagers on Friday decided to meet Kanda.\"She is a key member of India's women hockey team. Her contribution to the team is significant. We decided to meet Gopal Kanda to press our demand before chief minister Bhupinder Hooda ,'' Ravi Kumar, the village sarpanch, said.Savita's team mate Surender Kaur, the national hockey captain, and Mamta Kharab, the former hockey skipper, have already been appointed as deputy superintendent of police (DSP) from the sports quota.When contacted, Savita said, \"The government is pretty aware that my name is not in the government jobs' list. I need a government job to secure my future.''Speaking to TOI, Kanda said, \"The Haryana government's police department has laid down rules for offering jobs to talented sportspersons. Even though we have been helping this girl (Savita) from time to time, now I shall personally take up the issue with the CM.\"Savita has represented the country in 38 international matches in the last three years. She had played in the final match of the Beijing Olympics. She was the goal keeper of the women hockey team which won silver and bronze medals in Junior Asia Cup and Senior Asia Cup in 2008. Savita was also a crucial member of the team that won the Champion Challenge Trophy-2 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12817211", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation gives bicycles to beneficiaries", "text": "PUNE: The women and child welfare department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has started distributing sewing machines and bicycles to the beneficiaries selected for 2009-10. It had written to the beneficiaries telling them to collect the items from PCMC's godown in Nehrunagar.However, some letters have returned due to change in address. The names of the beneficiaries who have been selected for receiving the items are dispalyed on the website and are also available at the Citizen Facilitation Centres (CFC) of four zonal offfices.The beneficiaries who have not collected the allotted machines and cycles have been asked to collect them from the civic body's godown, near %Annasaheb Magar stadium and Vitthalnagar before April 30 between 11am and 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817832", "title": "No drinking water at Bus Rapid Transit System stops: Cong", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city unit of the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Samiti has criticized the lack of drinking water facility at the bus stops constructed on the BRTS routes.GPCC office bearers said that the bus stands lack drinking water facilities not only for the passengers but even for the employees who work in two shifts. The Congmen said that 67 bus stops have been made at a cost of Rs 32 crore while another 36 are being constructed at a cost of Rs 33 crore. Crores of rupees are received from JnNRUM for the developmental work in the city but these are not utilized properly, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12817974", "title": "Red Ribbon Express in city on May 5", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Red Ribbon Express, an AIDS/HIV awareness campaign on train, will reach the capital on May 5. The train has eight bogies serving different purposes, said Dr K Shylaja, director of Kerala State AIDS Control Society at a press conference here on Saturday.The first four bogies will have exhibitions specially targeted the youth about the prevention and control of AIDS, the treatment methods, hygiene, contagious diseases like tuberculosis and malaria. The sixth coach will have a panel of doctors and experts for consultation and counselling. A blood group determination and blood donation camp will also be arranged on the station platform, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12822685", "title": "Another cartoon, professor files complaint", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Hardly had the controversy over a Mamata Banerjee cartoon settled that an associate professor of Midnapore Medical College has filed a fresh complaint against two persons accusing them of circulating a cartoon that denigrates the West Bengal chief minister.Police said Dr Bikram Saha, associate professor of medicine, last night filed complaint at Kotwali police station against Proloy Mitra and Chinmay Roy in which he alleged that the duo had forwarded him a cartoon in which Banerjee's head was missing with the comment \"our CM has lost her head\".\"These two are behind sending me such a malicious mail which denigrates the CM. I hereby register complaint against them,\" the professor said in his complaint.The development comes days after Jadavpur University professor A Mahapatra was jailed on the charge of sending cartoon criticising Banerjee and her party colleague Mukul Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12823864", "title": "Abducted Sukma collector safe: Chhattisgarh police", "text": "RAIPUR: The police here today said they have received information that abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon was safe even as spiritual leader Swami Agnivesh expressed willingness to mediate between the Naxalites and the government.Menon, a 2006-batch IAS officer , was abducted yesterday at Majhipara village in the district where he was meeting villages for a government outreach programme.Additional Director General of Police Ram Nivas (anti- Naxal operations) said police have received some vital clues and added that 32-year-old Menon was safe. The ultras have not approached the government with any demand in return for Menon's release, he said.Swami Agnivesh told PTI he was ready to mediate for the release of Menon and was waiting for the government or the Naxals to approach him.He also demanded that the state should use as little force as possible to resolve the situation.Meanwhile, in a fresh appeal, Menon's wife Asha said the Naxals should release her husband saying that they were married only a few months ago and he had always worked for the people. She said that Menon had some health problems and was not carrying adequate medicines when he was abducted.\"He is an asthmatic patient and I request the government and the Naxals to understand that he is just left with two doses of medication,\" she said, adding that he would not be able to cope up with in case of an emergency.Asha said she was keeping in touch with senior officials at the state and central levels and had talked to Union minister Jairam Ramesh and former Malkangiri collector Vinil Krishna, who had been abducted by Maoists a few months back in Odisha. Krishna asked her not to lose courage, she said.Appealing for his release, she said Menon has done a lot for the new district's development. \"I would just request them (Naxals) to free him as soon as possible,\" she added.Meanwhile, the two security guards who were shot dead by the Naxals before Menon's abduction were accorded a guard of honour at Sukma district headquarters today.According to officials who were present at Gram Suraj Abhiyan programme at Majhipara village where Menon was abducted yesterday, some 50-odd ultras, including women , had come to the venue and taken away Menon after shooting two of his guards dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "last year, he supported mamata banerjee's electoral battle against the cpm. today, poet and trinamool congress mp kabir suman has turned rebel and has even penned a song titled 'haashi niye thako' that mocks his leader over jadavpur university professor ambikesh mahapatra's arrest. he tells swati sengupta that didi is now behaving like a feudal lord", "code": "12816742", "title": "I don't know who This mamata Banerjee is", "text": "Last year, he supported Mamata Banerjee's electoral battle against the CPM. Today, poet and Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman has turned rebel and has even penned a song titled 'Haashi Niye Thako' that mocks his leader over Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest. He tells Swati Sengupta that Didi is now behaving like a feudal lord:The state food and supplies minister has asked people to steer clear of the CPM and not to associate with them socially.This is so utterly primitive. I don't know what's happening to this government.But you were part of the effort that went into voting the Left Front government out of power...I don't know this government or this Mamata Banerjee anymore. I have fought along with Mamata. But she is now showing a face I have never seen before. She is behaving like an authoritative, feudal lord. If this goes on, she will rapidly lose her popularity and people will rise up against her.Do you mean the government will fall?I am not seeking Mamata's downfall. She is a lady with a lot of qualities - she can influence people; she is hardworking. But she must mend her ways and come to her senses. It was the people of Singur, Nandigram, Lalgarh - the common peasants from these places - who brought her to power. If the government is toppled prematurely, it will mean a financial jolt for the state. But if things continue in this manner, there will be sheer anarchy, mayhem.Are you disillusioned with the Trinamool Congress and Mamata Banerjee?I never had any illusions. For me, the main idea was to oust the CPM. I am an anarchist; I suspect power. Now, if this government is authoritative, I will speak against it too. I am no longer against the CPM, as they are no longer in power.You are no longer against the CPM? You are against the present \"authoritative\" government. And you are a Trinamool MP. How is that possible?Mamata Banerjee says it was a mistake to select me for the MP seat. She could have ousted me from the party, but she is afraid I may not obey easily. She had fallen at my feet to make me a candidate. If she has the guts, why doesn't she oust me? Did she think I would be a lackey? If it comes to that, I will stay on - theke jalabo (I will stay on and irritate).How do you think the people will react?I think a new configuration will develop now - the CPM, other Leftists, the democrats would come together and join hands.Will you join hands with them?Ernst Bloch (German Marxist philosopher) wrote about a friend who said that if a hundred cats were meowing in front of Berlin castle, he wouldn't care if they were cats but rather that they were protesting and he would meow with them. I, too, will join that movement most certainly, but it must be a movement of the people. I suspect political parties now.Why do you suspect them?Mamata has betrayed me. She has betrayed many. She had promised to release political prisoners. But not one was released. Even Chhatradhar Mahato is still behind bars. Central and state forces are still holding fort at Jangalmahal, and Koteswar Rao (Kishanji) was killed. Rao was a great Maoist leader who motivated the people of West Midnapore to defeat the CPM and to bring Mamata to power. I was deeply saddened by Kishanji's death. These are clear acts of betrayal.Many allege that the TC is working in the same manner as the Left did.The CPM did work for the first eight to 10 years after coming to power. But with the Trinamool, I cannot imagine what's happening in less than a year. The people have been betrayed. When they came to power, the CPM leaders and workers were humble and worked for the people. It was after 10 years that they became arrogant and cruel. But Mamata has already lost touch with the people.. No one should blame the Trinamool workers; they are simple and put their faith in Didi, the saviour.Why do you say she has changed?I had told Mamata that the day she becomes authoritative, I will speak out against her, and she had appreciated it then. She is upset with me because I am critical of her. I arranged for 150 deep tubewells in my constituency, and even the PMO lauded it, but not she. This is how she alienates people - she alienated me as well as the common people. If I was so wrong, people would come and abuse me. But they don't. Look at IPS officer Damayanti Sen's work in the Park Street rape case. What did she get? A transfer. Mamata's comments on the case were cruel. In the past, she ran to every woman who was abused. And now that she is the ruler, it is as if the king/queen can do no wrong.Many civil society activists have protested many government decisions and you have been part of such protests...But do note the silence of many - they had gathered around Mamata before she came to power, and now they have fancy government posts. These actors, poets, theatre personalities were very vocal against the CPM, but today they are silent. It means they have no self-respect. It is a sad commentary on the Bengali intelligentsia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12819052", "title": "Dressing up the decades", "text": "Fashion is in a celebratory mood this year, strutting onto the ramp to mark a milestone, pausing under the spotlight, preening at her own success. And adding to the air of festivities is the fact that a clutch of its most senior exponents mark 25 years of their existence in an industry that has struggled, evolved and grown along with them. But even as the likes of Suneet Varma, Ravi Bajaj, Madhu Jain and Abu Jani-Sandeep Khosla do the quarter century-jig , designers like Ashish Soni, JJ Valaya, Abraham-Thakore , Leena-Ashima and Rina Dhaka, too, are in celebration mode having clocked 20 years in the fraternity.Not just that, while the National Institute of Fashion Technology, India's premier fashion institute, commemorated its silver jubilee last year, Ensemble, the country's first multi-designer retail space, did the same this year. An industry that just sometime back was learning to flutter its wings is creating ripples now because of its sheer size, the number of designers it has and the shows it does annually. David of David Abraham-Rakesh Thakore says, \"Every year, new designers are emerging, fashion education is expanding and the retail market growing. Fashion Weeks are regular features and generate business.\"Around 25 years ago is also when fashion moved away from exhibition spaces and onto the ramps, making its way into the glam circuit, till then inhabited by Bollywood . This was when the media explosion happened with the introduction of the first fashion page and Page 3 by The Times of India, and the advent of fashion on TV.Ashish Soni looks back at those heady early days and smiles, \"What a change! Fashion today has come round several full circles. We were struggling for one opportunity , today the stage is all set - you just need talent, talent and more talent.\" He has a point. More than 200 designers participate in the two Fashion Weeks in Delhi and Mumbai every season, with 100 of them actually presenting shows twice a year.Sunil Sethi, president of Fashion Design Council of India, recalls the days when FDCI started in 2000: \"All we had was an export-oriented market. India was known for cheaper products, not for quality. Today, each WLIFW hosts 100 domestic and 100 foreign buyers, raking in orders worth at least Rs 20 crore.\" Two rival fashion weeks - Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week in Delhi and the Lakme Fashion Week in Mumbai - in the last decade have ensured a structured industry with designers aware of the need for a degree of professionalism, production capacity and smooth deliveries. Top designers started retailing out of their own stores in high-end malls, and also from sometimes up to 6-7 multi-designer stores each. A select few even created ripples in the international arena, though Manish Arora is the only enduring success story.Says Suneet Varma, \"We reached where we did because of the buzz media created around us. A designer who starts off today doesn't have the same advantage.\" If 10 years ago, a designer didn't have a ready infrastructure to fall back on, today money can buy him all but his own talent.But is all really as hunky-dory today as the glam brigade would like people to believe ? Though the scene may have changed greatly in some ways (easier procurement of raw material, more retail outlets and greater awareness); in many others we seem to be spot jogging (we still haven't made any dent in the international market, nor started thinking out of the box). In some aspects, we may even have rolled back (faceless models today compared to the supermodels like Mehr Jessia, Madhu Sapre, Milind Soman that were there earlier ). Moreover, skyrocketing real estate prices have ensured that some of the big brands are cutting back on space. A few designers are shutting down their own stores and moving out of high-end malls, preferring multi-designer stores.The overall story, though, looks good. Even as the Indian Fashion Weeks stir up a storm of international interest, these are providing much-needed impetus to a domestic market that is expanding faster than can actually be handled by Indian designers with their limited infrastructure and production capacities, and worse distribution channels.In fact, the domestic fashion scene is far more promising than the global reality at the moment. Says Ritu Kumar, the doyenne of Indian fashion who launched her brand in 1967, \"Let us be realistic; the international market is having trouble making ends meet and global brands are looking towards India to survive. Here, we have a vibrant and fashion-conscious market.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12827700", "title": "Fate of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka uncertain as Maoists speak in different voices", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The fate of abducted BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka remained uncertain with Maoist leaders speaking in different voices, even as Odisha government initiated steps to withdraw cases against 13 jailed rebels to secure his release.\"All possible efforts are being made by Odisha government to secure the release of the Laxmipur MLA. Legal process is also being started for withdrawal of cases against 13 rebels,\" state Home Secretary U N Behera told reporters here.Stating that Odisha government had long back decided to facilitate release of 25 prisoners, including eight Maoists and 17 members of Maoist-backed Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), he said some rebels had already been granted bail while the process was on for some others.\"There are still some others who are yet to move bail petitions in the court though the state government is ready to facilitate their release from jails,\" Behera said.The state government also made a fresh appeal to the Maoists to release the 37-year-old tribal legislator, abducted on March 24, as the Maoist Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) wants a 'praja court' to decide Hikaka's fate by April 25.Meanwhile, sharp differences among Maoists have come to the fore with some demanding release of all members of Maoist- backed CMAS from jails in lieu of Hikaka's release while others want 29 rebels to be freed.\"We demand release of all members of CMAS who are in jail now. If Odisha government is interested in freeing the MLA, it must first release all of them,\" Srikakulam-Koraput Committee of the CPI (Maoist) leader Daya said in a letter released to a section of the media.Maintaining that the Maoists were opposed to the government's policies and approach, the letter in Telugu said the government was \"responsible\" for the delay in the release of the MLA.On the other hand, AOBSZC spokesman Jagabandhu had in an audio message sought release of 29 prisoners and said the fate of the MLA would be decided at a 'praja court' by April 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816637", "title": "Pipeline burst to hit water supply in Laxmi Nagar zone", "text": "NAGPUR: Several localities in Laxmi Nagar zone will face severe water crisis on April 22 following bursting of the main pipeline in Shivaji Nagar on Saturday. The leak literally resulted in thousands of litres of water going down the drain. Many roads including Shivaji Nagar road were flooded after the water gushing from the damaged pipeline flown on to the roads around 12.45pm on Saturday.The inconvenience caused to thousands of consumers in several areas including Laxmi Nagar etc is likely to continue at least till Sunday evening as the urgent repair works by officials of the water supply division of the water works department (WWD) and Veolia India Water Ltd are in progress.A senior officer informed TOI that the supply has been disconnected as the major burst resulted in wastage of huge quantity of potable water. The water supply has been disconnected and work of repairing the pipeline is in progress. The department has deployed required work force at the site and work is expected to be complete soon. However restoring the water supply will take a little more time and affected consumers will get water by Sunday evening.While Nagpur city has been plagued by frequent bursts in water supply pipelines in recent years which is largely attributed to the non coordination of various government agencies undertaking works of public utility services, this time around, the WWD has blamed it on the agency that has dug up the road to lay cables.Besides, the pipeline has outlived its utility at several places. This 1,100mm cast iron (CI) pipeline has outlived its utility too, stated officials from Veolia India Water Ltd.Nitin Rangari, a private security guard of a housing complex, informed TOI that several litres of water got wasted as water continuously spilled from the damaged pipeline. A lot of water got wasted as it gushed down the drain and flowed on the entire stretch of Shivaji Nagar road and even affected smooth flow of traffic on North Ambazari road. It is time the NMC change the old and corroded pipeline which bursts too often, complained the resident urging for adopting of measures to prevent repeat of such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12818017", "title": "Ernst &amp; Young signs MoU with Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (KINFRA) has inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Ernst and Young Global Shared Services (EY-GSS) to improve the facilities for the IT Enabled Services at the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) of KINFRA Film and Video Park, here in the city.With this agreement, EY-GSS will open up its third facility, in addition to its existing facilities in Infra Park, Kochi and at Technopark, Thiruvananthapuram. This third facility, investing $3 million, will generate over 1,000 jobs. The new project will be developed in a 60,000 square feet built up area as part of its expansion plan at the SEZ developed by KINFRA Film and Video Park, a 100% owned subsidiary of KINFRA in Kazhakkuttam.The MoU was signed between Tim Eddy, Global vice chair, EY-GSS and S Ramnath, managing director, KINFRA at Kovalam here on Saturday in the presence of industries and IT minister P K Kunhalikutty and IT secretary P H Kurian. GSS- Cummins Business Services (CBS) global director Mala Garg, GSS-CBS Global Service Delivery leader Deepak Swaroop and EY-GSS innovation and research director and EY GSS Kerala leader Binu Koshy were also present.\"Kerala is the only state which offers a single window clearance to industries, making it an ideal ground for companies such as E&Y; to quickly start their activities in the SEZ. It is good to see global firms taking advantage of the excellent infrastructure and support we offer,\" said Kunhalikutty. He said the government took effective steps towards attracting investments to Kerala.Tim Eddy said, opening a third facility for GSS Kerala is significant to E&Y;'s strategy. \"We already have highly-skilled professionals in our Kerala centre, providing key services to the organization. This new facility will serve our growth needs very well, enabling us to expand to meet the increasing demand for our services,\" he added.GSS Kerala is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ernst &amp; Young with staff strength of 1,254 at its centers in the state. \"Kerala has a large talent pool of IT resources, and we are keen to tap it,\" said Binu Koshy.KINFRA managing director S Ramnath said KINFRA had a track record in mentoring a number of progressive enterprises to set up its facilities in their Industrial Parks. \"Its Film &amp; Video Park is no different but focuses on the infotainment business and has a unique advantage for animation industry as it houses the first motion capture studio and proposes to set up an international animation school to train future animators. This speaks volumes on the immense opportunities offered for successful partnerships to strike roots and flourish in an investor-friendly environment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "12818187", "title": "Colours of Baisakhi come alive at ladies club", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: Gitanjali Ladies Club celebrated Baisakhi on Saturday and the members danced to the tunes of Punjabi songs.Before the start of the cultural programme, the newly-elected leaders were introduced to the members. They took an oath to perform their duties well. A traditional Punjabi village scene was set up on the premises and the members wearing beautiful suits , colourful dupattas and parandas participated in activities.Newly-elected president Neeru Singla said, \"Cultural functions are often organized but Baisakhi is more exciting. Every one had lots of fun.''Club treasurer Payal Mohindra, who lives in Sant Nagar, said, \"Members are from all age groups. We created the scene of a Punjab village and everyone got colourful pakhis along to make things look more real.''Appreciating the cultural programme, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, Komal Arora, said, \"There would be soon so many occasion where we would get together and celebrate.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818322", "title": "They share a 'love'ly roller coaster life", "text": "Who says cupid strikes only in reel life? Ludhiana, Times of India comes across many in the city, who love 'love stories' is an adventure junkie and she's his partner in each and every endeavour.For Priyanka and Kanwar Sethi, their romance has been a roller coaster ride with its ups and downs. But instead of causing any differences, the couple feels that these challenges have made their relationship stronger. With each adventure, they fall more and more in love with each other.Kanwar, a businessman, says their love story wasn't a smooth ride to start with. \"We were brought together by our families. But before we got married, I was working in Singapore and she was in Chandigarh so we were in a way, victims of distance. So video-chatting was only consolation,'' revealed Kanwar, 28.Things changed when Kanwar finally returned in October 2010 and proposed to Priyanka. \"I was a little jittery in the beginning as Kanwar was working in Singapore and I was here. I was uncertain about managing things, but when we met each other, he won my heart. He proposed to me with a beautiful card. He's really witty and always makes me laugh. I feel like I have discovered a new me,'' shares Priyanka, who assists her husband in planning study circles. The couple tied the knot on January 22, 2011, and since then they have been enjoying each and every moment of discovering each other. According to Kanwar, Priyanka turned out to be completely different from what he expected. \"You always hear about marriage from others. They say it ties you down. But for me, it was not at all like that. Priyanka shattered all my assumptions. She not only encourages me to go for camping and adventure sports , but she even comes along. We enjoy every minute of being together,'' says Kanwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12818429", "title": "1984 riots: CBI recalls witness' statement identifying Sajjan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday recalled in a Delhi court the statement of a woman witness who had identified senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar as the person addressing a mob and instigating it to kill Sikhs during the 1984 riots.Resuming final arguments in the case, CBI prosecutor R S Cheema told district judge J R Aryan that witness Nirpreet Kaur, whose father was burnt alive in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, had deposed that she had seen Sajjan Kumar addressing a mob on November 3, 1984 and provoking it to attack and kill the Sikhs.He argued Kaur had alleged in her statement that she had seen Sajjan Kumar and heard him saying, \"No Sardar (Sikh) should be left alive. All their remaining houses should be burnt down. Kill all Sikhs as they have killed my mother (the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi ).\"Cheema also told the court that after the riots, Kaur was threatened by accused and was allegedly harassed by several security agencies as at the age of 16, she was a witness to the killing of her father.Sajjan Kumar and five others, Balwan Khokkar, Kishan Khokkar, Mahender Yadav, Girdhari Lal and Captain Bhagmal, are facing trial in the killings of six people at Delhi Cantonment during the riots.They are accused of instigating a mob to kill Sikhs in the wake of the assassination of former Prime Minister Indira Ganpdhi on October 31, 1984. Kaur had earlier identified in the court Sajjan Kumar and three others as the persons who had allegedly instigated mobs during the 1984 carnage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12818617", "title": "'Legal field needs extensive research'", "text": "PATNA: Emphasing the need of extensive research in the field of law, legal luminaries on Saturday called upon the students to study hard and set new benchmarks in legal education.Addressing the inaugural function of Justice K B N Singh Memorial Law Research Centre at Patna Law College here, they observed that there were much scope for research in law and the young members of the legal profession and law students must undertake serious research. The new research centre would attain greater heights and soon develop into an institution of national repute.Justice Aftab Alam of Supreme Court inaugurated the centre.Patna high court chief justice Rekha M Doshit said earlier people used to hear about R&D; activities only in medical, engineering and other branches of knowledge, but not in the legal field. Now, research work in legal field is gaining momentum and it is going to be an essential part of the very existence of the legal profession, she said.Supreme Court Judge Dipak Mishra said, \"Though we are hearing about bookless library, it would be a great disaster for mankind if it would be really so.\" He called upon the law students to visit libraries and read books. \"Don't follow a Baba, follow a book,\" he counselled the students.Supreme Court Judge Chandramauli Kumar Prasad recalled the qualities of head and heart of late Justice K B N Singh and said \"We can't acquire knowledge without the necessary tools (books and journals).\"Donating Rs10 lakh from his MPLAD fund for the development of the research centre, Rajya Sabha MP Ravi Shankar Prasad said the scope of law studies was expanding every day and the younger generation was excited to know more and more about law.Bihar legislative council chairman Tara Kant Jha regretted that the number of book lovers was declining fast. He pointed out that he got the council's 100 years' proceedings digitalized, but not a single member turned up to read them.He said that reading books must be made mandatory for all students.Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh expressed his pleasure over the setting up of the first law research centre in the state. The quality of education depends on the quality of research, he said.Justice Samrendra Pratap Singh, Justice S K Katriar, senior advocate Siddhi Prasad Singh and college alumni association president D P Sinha also addressed the gathering. College principal Rakesh Verma proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12827611", "title": "Endukante Premanta audio launch postponed", "text": "The audio launch of the Ram - Tamannah starrer Endukante Premanta is scheduled to happen on April 21st. But the filmmakers have decoded to postpone it by a week to April 29th. Apparently the music of the Tamil version of the film is not completed and the filmmakers were keen on having the audio of both language versions to hit the stores on the same day. GV Prakash Kumar has composed the music for the film. Karunakaran has directed this romantic entertainer produced by Sravanthi Ravi Kishore on the Sravanthi Entertainments Banner. The film set to release ion May 11 in both Tamil and Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12827267", "title": "BEd entrance exam: Photocopy, PCO shops to remain closed on Monday", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All the preparations have been made for the combined entrance examination of BEd-2012 which would be conducted on Monday (April 23). About 32,722 candidates are expected to sit for the test at 62 examination centres.On Sunday, a meeting of magistrates, police officials, and in charges of the various centres was conducted at Sangam gallery to plan for proper conduct of the examination. According to ADM (City), Akhilesh Tiwari, those photocopy and PCO shops which are situated within a radius of 500 m from the examination centres have been ordered to remain closed.The order would be applicable from the evening of April 22 to April 23, till the end of the examination. Similarly, the photocopy and PCO shops located within 2 km distance from the centres in Naini, Phulpur and Soraon would also remain closed during the prescribed period.Meanwhile, Anil Kumar , the district magistrate, ordered the police force to reach the examination centres in time on Monday. About 31 officers have been deployed on exam duty with each officer to be accompanied by two security guards.One magistrate has been appointed to oversee two examination centers. Besides, the DM asked the traffic cops to ensure smooth flow of traffic on April 23, given that a large number of outstation aspirants are expected to arrive in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12822447", "title": "Woman prisoner alleges torture by jail warden, HIV positive inmate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Tihar Jail's woman prisoner, facing trial in cases of cheating and forgery, has accused the jail warden of torturing her with the help of HIV positive woman inmate for extorting money from her.In a plea to a Delhi court, Honey Sharma, lodged in Jail 6 of Tihar Jail, has also apprehended that she might contract AIDS.Lodged in jail for over three months now and facing trial in 11 cases, Sharma, in her plea to chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, alleged that she is being tortured by the head warden and warden for money.Sharma's two-year-old daughter also lives with her in the jail.She told the court that the wardens \"beat her up badly and got the AIDS patient to scratch her with their nails.\"She alleged that the she was beaten up for an hour before the deputy superintendent and the jail staff who remained mute spectators.She also alleged that her daughter was also manhandled by the warden and her pleas for being taken to the hospital were dismissed.Sharma, along with her husband Vipin Sharma and five other persons -- Sachin Sharma, Harshad Alam, Bhupender, Aman Alam -- are accused of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy under the Indian Penal Code and also under the Passport Act for running a racket of providing fake passports and visas in Delhi, Haryana and Punjab.Barring Honey Sharma, all were arrested by the Special Cell of Delhi Police after an FIR was lodged in 2009.Honey Sharma was declared a proclaimed offender and could be arrested only in January 2012.They are involved in over 30 such cases and were also slapped with charges under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) for running an organised crime syndicate.They were, however, discharged from MCOCA by a sessions court.She pleaded to the court that she should not be sent back to jail as she fears being tortured and should instead be allowed to visit a doctor at her own expense for she fears contracting AIDS.The court has called for comments from the jail authorities in this respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12816670", "title": "Audience enjoy 'Gossip'", "text": "NAGPUR: Who doesn't like gossip? Perhaps it was to support this belief that a good number turned out to watch 'Gossip', a play directed by Vikash Khurana at IMA's JR Shaw auditorium on Saturday. The play comes with the tag line, 'A hilarious new comedy about the absurdities of urban 'high society'!' and it quite lives up to it.Four young couples gather at a friend's house to celebrate his tenth wedding anniversary. The party turns into a cover-up act as the friend has attempted to shoot himself and the wife is missing. The next two hours are pure bedlam as the friends argue, quarrel, discover miserable truths about each other and try to find an alibi for the friend as a cop comes calling.'Gossip' belongs to the slapstick genre, but the amateur actors prevent it from blooming into a class act. Lags in the act, poorly delivered dialogues and absence of a definitive script, (no credits are mentioned for the script or the story) keep the play from being the real entertainer that it had the potential to be.Khurana's actors are novices. He trains them well but they need to work on the diction and dialogue delivery. The otherwise witty dialogues got diluted as the actors could not get the timing and the voice modulation right.In spite of an amateur cast, the actors still mange to hold the interest of the audience. Lalit Khullar as Jeevesh Shah needs a special mention for his fine act, Ketaki Kane Salankar, who plays Kejal, Jeevesh's wife is best among the female actors. She more than makes up with her spontaneity and gestures whatever is lacking in the dialogues.Anurag Kulkarni as Ritesh Ramani evokes laughs as he turns hard of hearing in the course of the play, but the effort tells. Anamika Sawarkar as his wife Koel, remains consistent till the end. Supantha Bhattacharya as the cop quite enjoys his act.The play has a nice feel to it and the set design adds to the mood. 'Gossip' does entertain at the end of a long summer day.Two shows of the play will be staged on Sunday at 3.30 and 7pm at the same venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816903", "title": "Village fests by the IT city", "text": "As spring gives way to an oppressively hot summer, habitations within the IT city and on its outskirts get decked up for festivals of local deities or erstwhile village deities dating back to the time when these localities were villages or hamlets.Commonly known as 'oora habbas' (village festivals/ fairs), they may be one-village affairs or celebrated by a cluster of villages. At one level, they serve as reminders that our global IT hub, at heart , is after all an agglomeration of villages.To get a first-hand feel of an oora habba, STOI visited Addiganahalli, located about 10km from the Bengaluru International Airport and Puttenahalli in JP Nagar, 15km from Vidhana Soudha. Addiganahalli is at the epicentre of the Patalamma festival in surrounding villages including Rajanakunte, Chokkanahalli, Tarahunase, Nagadasanahalli and Sadenahalli.The localities wear a festive look on these special days. Roads or portions of roads that are not asphalted are sprinkled with cow dung mixed with water. Festoons of mango leaves dot the skies and offer protection from the noon heat. Banana plant stems tied to electric poles, tree trunks and pillars on the front yards of houses add a joyful air, as do the colourful cloth bands tied to the horns of cattle.Women dressed in silk saris carry kalasas (bronze vessels containing arecanut and paddy sapling) and pay a visit to the deity. This one day in the year, all doors are thrown open to guests - no questions asked.Groups of people in bright new clothes chat merrily. Explaining the genesis of oora habba, Ajjappa, 85-year old priest of Goddess Patalamma in Addiganahalli, says, \"This festival has been been celebrated since time immemorial. In olden days, it marked the harvest of ragi. Now, we usually celebrate it a fortnight after Ugadi or a week after Sriramanavami.\" Diseases like cholera used to be rampant during summer, and many of these fairs and yajnas were held to ward off the evil eye from the village, Ajjappa adds. \"We also pray for a good monsoon,\" he says.According to MV Vasu, associate professor, history department, Bangalore University, \"Village /locality festivals celebrated in and around Bangalore city go back a long way and have been continuously celebrated from 200 to 2,000 years. There is no caste, creed, religion or ideological colour to them. These festivals originated from the annual worship of local goddesses like Maramma, Choudeshwari, Patalamma, Annamma, Plagueamma and not Sanskritized gods and goddess.\"The high point of the festivities is the afternoon feast. Non-vegetarian food is the flavour in most households. Nati koli (country/native fowl) curry, roast, mutton curry, fish fry and pork are part of the menu with the staple ragi mudde making up the main course.Each individual household has its own menu. Some households restrict themselves to chicken dishes, while others have mutton or pork. Guests can wander between households, sampling delicacies from various kitchens.KR Hanumanthe Gowda, a 62-year old resident of Addiganahalli, says, \"Urbanization has not affected our festival. In fact, the number of our guests has increased and the turnout for lunch is getting bigger. Even those who have recently moved into our localities have started celebrating the festival.\"Within and around Bangalore, oora habbas are observed in Mavalli, Katriguppe, Jalahalli, J P Nagar, Sampangiramanagar, Hosahalli, Shivanagar and many other localities. As one goes outside the city, the celebrations turn more intense with villages on the outskirts of Greater Bangalore still retaining their idyllic charm. There, celebrations are usually spread out over several days.While places like Addiganahalli celebrate the oora habba for over a week, in Kadirenahalli, situated in south Bangalore, the celebrations last 15 days.Quote hangerVillage festivals may be offshoots of the fertility cult. There used to be goddesses for agriculture, disease and protection of village, among others. The belief was that these deities would protect the village from all kinds of evils, external aggression, diseases and natural disasters. An annual ritual was celebrated to appease these deities. Bangaloreans continuing the system is nothing but cultural memory, which means the system dictates to us without our knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "12818422", "title": "Over 700 temples face demolition in Bhadrak", "text": "BHADRAK: The Bhadrak district administration has issued eviction notices to 723 religious structures for allegedly encroaching on government land. The move followed a Supreme Court directive on removal of places of worship on government land and relocation of such structures built alongside national and state highways.Officials said a revenue department survey in 2010-11 had found that 714 temples, seven mosques and two churches had flouted the rules under the Odisha Prevention of Land Encroachment Act, 1972.\"Last week, the district administration had served eviction notices to the caretakers of these places of worship and also set a deadline for taking action. Before the government goes for a demolition drive, they have the provision for regularization of the structures through lease, particularly those mentioned in government records. They can also relocate the structures to nearby 'debastali' areas as per government norms,\" said Debendra Mohapatra, the additional district magistrate of Bhadrak. tnnThe eviction notices have triggered a furor with the BJP district unit chief, Akhaya Sahoo, and the president of the Muslim Jamat of Bhadrak, Abdul Bari, submitting memorandum to the district collector. They said the district administration had not opposed the construction of all these places of worship. Several of them did not create traffic congestion on highways and their demolition would not go well in public, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12818509", "title": "Maoists set fire to telephone exchange", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists set fire to a BSNL telephone exchange and destroyed a mobile tower at Bandhugaon in Koraput district on Saturday, the second day of the two-day bandh called by the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee of the CPI (Maoist).The Maoists had called a 48-hour bandh demanding the withdrawal of central forces, stoppage of operation Green Hunt and release of their jailed activists on Friday.According to sources, a group of armed Maoists with some local supporters swooped down on the telephone exchange at Almonda in Bandhugaon police station area, about 100 km from here, around 3 am.\"They asked the night watchman to vacate the place before setting fire to the machineries of the telephone exchange. Later, they torched the battery room of a mobile tower beside the exchange,\" a source at Bandhugaon said.\"The Maoists have not used explosives in the offensive. No Maoist poster or banner was spotted from the crime spot. No injury or casualty has been reported. Our men have reached the spot and investigation is on,\" said SDPO Laxmipur Y J Rao. Meanwhile, Narayanpatna remained cut-off from the rest of the state for the second consecutive day on Saturday owing to road blockades put up by the Red rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12816994", "title": "People power: Cansaulim mega project licence revoked", "text": "MARGAO: The villagers of Cansaulim, who had been relentlessly fighting against a mega construction project for the last two years, finally tasted some success after the Cansaulim-Arossim-Cuelim panchayat revoked the construction licence of the proposed gated complex at Cottarvaddo in Cansaulim. The revocation of the construction license is a culmination of a long-drawn legal battle for justice by the villagers.Villagers had strongly protested the move of the panchayat body in granting the construction licence for the mega project comprising 46 flats in Cansaulim. They had pointed out that the project violated construction norms and blocked the traditional access path of the villagers. It was the contention of the villagers that the project would exert additional burden on infrastructure like water and power supply, besides impacting the ecology and environment of the village.The villagers had also appealed to the directorate of panchayats for revocation of the construction license. In the meantime, based on complaints by the villagers, the town and country planning (TCP) department conducted a site inspection, and the panchayat was asked to obtain fresh plans from the builder as the earlier plan based on which the NOC was given, was found lacking in material facts and false representations. As the builder failed to submit fresh plans to the panchayat, the panchayat body in its meeting held on May 22, 2010, resolved to issue a stop work order to the construction. Significantly, the panchayat failed to serve a notice to the builder.Villagers then filed a public interest litigation in the High Court of Bombay at Goa. In a judgment, delivered on March 15, 2011, the court directed the panchayat to ensure that the directions and conditions mentioned in the license and the NOC were strictly adhered to by the builder.As no action was forthcoming from the panchayat and the builder was completing the project with total impunity and gross defiance to the orders of the high court, the petitioners filed contempt of court proceedings against the offenders including the village panchayat for dereliction of duties.At its meeting held on April 12, 2012, the panchayat body unanimously resolved to conduct a site inspection and take further action as per the Panchayati Raj Act, 1994, following which the construction licence issued to the project was revoked on grounds that the license was obtained by misrepresenting the facts.Sarpanch Minguel D'Costa confirmed that the construction license was revoked based on the high court directives. \"I received notices from the court demanding an explanation why the license was not revoked by the panchayat. The license was revoked on April 13,\" D'Costa told STOI.\"It is a people's victory which shows a ray of hope to others fighting mega projects in villages of Goa. This shows that an impartial judiciary and vigilant communities in Goa can make a difference,\" said Ashley Fernandes, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818983", "title": "Father of foraging", "text": "Back in the early 1970s, when Richard Mabey was an energetic young twenty-something , every spare moment of his time would be spent rustling around in hedgerows or coastal mud flats in search of morsels to eat. It wasn't that he was homeless or broke - it was sheer culinary curiosity.\"I'd get up at the crack of dawn with an enormous basket slung over my back and go tramping for the day,\" he says.Mabey meticulously documented all his findings, along with identification notes and recipes and published them in a book called Food For Free (1972). It became known as the forager's bible and has sold consistently ever since.This month (April) a special updated 40th anniversary edition is being published to celebrate. \"I was surprised that it lasted more than a year,\" says Mabey. \"But certainly by the time it got to 20 years it was obvious that it touched some kind of national, cultural tender spot.\"Just how way ahead of his time Mabey was all those years ago, is only really just becoming clear today . Ideas about reconnecting with the wild and regaining taste lost in cultivation are currently hot topics in foodie circles. Local, sustainable and seasonal are all buzzwords on the most fashionable menus. And Noma in Copenhagen, winner of the coveted best restaurant in the world title in 2011, sells pretty much nothing but foraged foods.We now have weekend coach parties coming from northern France in the autumn to pick our fabulous array of free fungi. And in some places, foraging has been elevated to semi-professional level with some gatherers collecting wild foods to supply to restaurants.I ask him about the foraging potential for urban-dwellers . He says there are some great opportunities in London. \"Along the tow paths of the Grand Union Canal anywhere from Camden to the Olympic Park, you can find lots of stuff down there - feral grapes and wild fennel. Also there used to be some pretty good fungi in the grasslands around St Paul's Cathedral - there were at least three different types when I last went.\"Mabey is refreshingly gung-ho about popping untested things into his mouth. He doesn't have that innate fear so many of us do about dying due to a poisonous toadstool. He reckons that getting food poisoning is harder than we all think. And in all his years out foraging (he's now 71) he's only ever suffered a bit of indigestion.Judging by some of the recipes in his book, Mabey's hobby is a delicious one. There's pork chops with crushed juniper berries, hop frittata , chestnut puree, wild nettle soup, rock samphire hash and endless ways with mushrooms. Does he really think that food that is foraged actually tastes better ? \"There is a curious psychological buzz that you get out of eating food that you have found yourself,\" he says. \"You go back home with your bag of finds and there is something rather special about it.\"--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12817719", "title": "Alert panchayat member nixes checkdam construction scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An alert gram panchayat member of Sejakpar village in Chuda taluka of Surendranagar district managed to curb a major checkdam construction scam in June last year that was being clandestinely planned by the village sarpanch and the village talati, by faking documents. Jayanti Makwana wanted to prove to the villagers how lakhs of government funds are being siphoned off by errant officers and elected members in the construction of the checkdams which only appeared on paper and missing on site.Makwana send the set of documents, which was proof, received as an RTI reply from the village office to the district development officer (DDO) Surendranagar, who later suspended the sarpanch and the talati.\"The Gandhinagar departments of rural development, revenue, water resources department, irrigation should probe the number of actual check dams that have been constructed in each of the 18,000 odd villages of Gujarat. I am sure that the numbers of checkdams that appear on paper are far more exaggerated than what actually exists in villages. What amazed me was how the sarpanch and the talati were manipulating government records to prove that checkdams were being constructed,\" says Makwana.Makwana had sought simple details under RTI of agenda of meetings that had been conducted in the village in last one year regarding watershed development programme. Makwana asked details of grants being sanctioned by the government for the village, copy of bills and corresponding dates of work orders issued for checkdam projects, copy of the agenda and resolution passed in the village panchayat meetings in the last one year. The RTI application was addressed to the taluka development officer in Chuda Taluka Panchayat.\"There was no way that the sarpanch could produce details of the work orders issued. The RTI reply was vague and were very ambiguous. I had packed off the RTI reply set to the DDO for further probe. an enquiry was initiated and the sarpanch was suspended by the DDO.Hearing my RTI applications members of the gram panchayat from neighboring villages had approached me for help for filing such RTIs,\" say Makwana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12816481", "title": "Staff, funds crunch hit Yavatmal revenue dept", "text": "YAVATMAL: Staff crunch coupled with delay in funds allotment has badly affected the functioning of Yavatmal district revenue department. Poor villagers and debt-ridden farmers are the worst sufferers.Seven posts of deputy collectors and four of tehsildars are vacant in the district. There are also a number of clerical vacancies in 16 tehsils, 4 sub-divisions and the district collector's office. Such large number of vacancies is affecting the revenue department which plays an important role in the implementation of the schemes and projects introduced and financially assisted by the state and union governments.The functioning is also affected as 3 sub-divisional magistrates posted at Yavatmal, Darwha and Kelapur have no official vehicle to attend duty. They have to hire an autorickshaw or ride on their own to reach the remote villages under their jurisdiction. Tehsildars at Yavatmal, Babhulgaon, Digras and Kelapur also do not have official vehicles.The functioning is further affected as those who have the official vehicles do not have adequate and regular fund allocation for buying petrol or diesel. Petrol pump owners supply fuel worth Rs 5,000 and stop it if payment is not given in time. This hits the movement of vehicles.Kelapur SDO SA Khande lamented that lack of official vehicle to him and the tehsildar was proving an impediment in the day-to-day functioning. He also has additional charge of two other tehsils.Yavatmal headquarters SDO Milind Shegaonkar and tehsildar Rupesh Khandare have to depend on their bikes or other mode of transport for want of official vehicle. Shegaonkar could not be contacted as he was on leave.Babhulgaon tehsildar Ram Lanke admitted that many difficulties were faced due to absence of vehicles.Darwha SDO Gajendra Bawane, who looks after Digras, Darwha and Ner tehsils, said he was managing the work with the vehicle of tehsildar.On the work front, Rajendra Deshmukh is holding the charge of Yavatmal resident deputy collector, deputy collector for general election and also in-charge deputy collector of the district rehabilitation office. When asked how he was managing the charge, he said \"Government servants have their own limitation\".One of the senior tehsildars alleged that the state government had put on hold the promotion of tehsildar to deputy collector for the last 10 years. This resulted in the shortage of deputy collectors. If the tehsildars are promoted on seniority, lower posts can be created and filled, he said.Every first Monday of each month, there is a 'Lok shahi din' (Public Hearing) of people's grievances under the chairmanship of the District Collector. All the head of departments including the Civic bodies, MSEB, Jeevan Pradhikaran and police are expected to attend the joint sitting of the public hearing and the issues brought by the people should be settled on the spot if it is possible and if not the matter should be inquired into and accordingly the applicant should be informed within 90 days.However, the experience of the lok shahi din is different and there are umpteen complaints about the outcome of the petition and the hearing. The chief hurdle is that the clerical staff and the class IV employees prefer to play truant in the absence of their boss in the office. The poor and needy drudging down to the Collectorate or the tehsil office have to go back empty handed as those present in the office prefer to play the same stereo \"sahib nahi\" (boss is not in the office) or\"sahib meeting madhe ahe\" (boss is in the meeting) etc.The District Collector should come out of the office during the office hours and oversee how the 'tea stalls and pan thela' are overcrowded with his own office staff. The Collector's office is the most vital department and it should be free from the nuisance of touts and miscreants. But this office is encircled by more than fifty petty tea stalls, juice walahs and pan thelas. The sight is not different at the tehsil and SDO offices.Those who come from far flung villages for their genuine grievances got resolved will have to meet the babus in these stalls or their their agents running these stalls. The work will be done only after getting a green nod from the touts in the stalls. The poor and needy people will have to deposit the pre determined amount (bribe) with the stall keepers assigned with the collection job by the babus.It is a naked truth that the stalls are mushrooming in and around the District Collector's office and they even dare to put up their stalls on the office premises. The officers with beacon atop their official vehicles turn a blind eye at such encroachments and those having the employees' patronage amass huge amount daily from their customers. Besides, there are touts dealing with the real estate who operate from these stalls.Will the Collector take initiative to remove the encroachments from his own office premises and keep its vicinity approachable? Encroachments on public roads and foot paths have become a part and parcel of Yavatmal city life and the mock dramas of removal of encroachments are also being enacted intermittently and the officials recklessly spend huge public money for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12828053", "title": "Hostage crisis: Chhattisgarh to convene all-party meeting to discuss Maoists demands", "text": "BHOPAL: Amidst Maoist rebels setting their demands for the release of abducted Sukma district collector, Chhattisgarh government on Sunday night formed a cabinet sub-committee on state's internal security and decided to convene an all party meeting to discuss about the situation arising out of the hostage crisis in tribal Bastar region.Within hours after the Naxalites listed their demands in exchange of the abducted district collector Alex Paul Menon, Chief Minister Raman Singh convened an emergency meeting of all ministers, who are present in the state capital, to discuss the issue.\"The meeting decided to form a cabinet sub-committee on state's internal security, which will take appropriate decisions about the current hostage crisis\", chief Minister's press officer Swaraj Kumar Das told TOI over telephone.Chief Minister Raman Singh is heading the cabinet sub-committee while home minister Nankiram Kanwar, tribal welfare minister Kedar Kashyap, irrigation minister Ram Vichar Netam-all tribal leaders-and PWD minister Brijmohan Agrawal are the members.The ministers also decided to convene an all party meeting as early as possible to discuss the hostage crisis and the demands put forth by the rebels for changing the 2006 batch IAS officer, who was picked up by the rebels from village Manjipara, near Kherlapal, while he was attending a government outreach programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12824104", "title": "A particular, peculiar trip", "text": "Get ready for some homegrown ambient electro with the new supergroup Grandiioes ThinkingSo here's the deal. Krish, the founding member and drummer of city-based metal group Blind Image has put together a supergroup that will also feature vocalist-composer Rahul Bhatt, Shricharan Chandramouli on guitar, Tiburtius V Rubin aka Tibu (Public Issue) on bass and Harshan Radhakrishnan (Totem) on samples. This new group, christened Grandiioes Thinking, is an experiment blending their hardcore metal influences with some ambient electro.\"This project has been in my head for over a year and half now. I am a very big fan of Maynard James Kennan ( Tool, A Perfect Circle and Puscifer) . I love him because he makes the music so artistic, which is what I wanted to do with this project with its own signature. I wanted to make music that will be so artistic and will be more than just music; but will take the listener on a particular, peculiar trip,\" says Krish. The term Grandiioes Thinking is used in reference to bipolar patients. But what it also means is, people who have this syndrome create fantastic illusions around them, believe in them and live in it. It's got a lot to do with the possibilities of the human mind and how deep it is - mysterious and beautiful and it is also very dark in it own way. We felt our music is a lot more like that,\" explains Krish. \"The whole idea here is to create something surreal yet tangible which is felt by our audience and of course ourselves. The point is to make some good music, entertain the life out of our fans and have fun along the way,\" shares Tibu.As he narrates the process how they came together, Krish says that it wasn't too difficult with the choices. \"My obvious choice for the guitarist was Shri. And I love it when someone walks in to the jam room for the first time and play with the band as if they've been playing with them for 10 years. Harshan did that. He knew what the band had in its mind and the samples he laid down during the first jam were perfect. I have known Tibu for a very long time. As many already knew, he was also an ex-member of Blind Image. We lost touch in between when he had gone to UK for his higher studies. When he came back to India we met and spoke quitea bit about electronic music. His influences ae similar to mine when it comes to ambient electro prog. I knew right there I found the bass player for this band and he is also a very serious musician and that counts a lot for me. I had never met Rahul before. All it took was a phone conversation and he agreed to join us in less than 15 seconds after I put the idea out.\"Rahul, whose debut album Kal was released by Saregama in 2011, is thrilled to be a part of the project. \"Grandiose Thinking has retriggered my passion for songwriting. I have written vocal lines and lyrics for various music producers, but none have yet given me the kind of freedom to experiment to the point I can drive myself and those around me mad! The whole idea here is to create something surreal yet tangible which is felt by our audience and of course ourselves. The point is to make some good music, entertain the life out of our fans and have fun along the way.Having said that, Krish and the boys have put a lot of faith in me by putting me at the spot of lead vocalist and songwriter. I am here as part of a great team which is gearing up for a whacked out debut album, music videos and live performances!And on their future plans, Krish says they are jamming some material. \"You need a lot of patience to make this kind of music. But we are in no hurry and we have a concrete plan for this band. We are looking to release a demo single sometime soon and we are extremely confident that this project will be something unique to come out of India,\" the drummer signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12817544", "title": "Mumbai varsity gets A grade from NAAC", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) has awarded an A grade to Mumbai University. The 156-year-old institution was marked 3.05 on a scale of 4 based on its academic strength and its research.MU was last accredited in 2001 when it was awarded the title of 'University with Potential for Excellence'. But under the new assessment scheme, NAAC ranks institutes on the CGPA ( Cumulative Grade Point Average) scored.NAAC's executive council meeting that took place on Saturday also declared the result of another state university - D Y Patil. This Kolhapur varsity scored higher than Mumbai university - 3.09. Noida-based Amity University also did better than MU, by scoring 3.13.The accreditation council's chairman H Ranganath refused to comment on the scores but said that the marks were based on reports submitted by each institute, followed by an inspection.Among the findings, the inspecting team said, was that Mumbai university's plus points included allowing students to simultaneously study for diploma courses and lauded the university for including industry experts on its boards of studies and preserving rare books and manuscripts that were stocked in the library.The team also had some suggestions to make - cover all courses under the choice-based credit system, develop modern laboratories for research, increase the capacity of the student hostels and conduct the academic and administrative audit of affiliated colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12817003", "title": "Charbagh awaits modern washing line", "text": "LUCKNOW: The promptness shown by the railways in announcing new infrastructural projects, may not be of equal magnitude, when it comes to finish them or atleast give a finishing touch. As a result, there are few projects, which are still awaiting completion at the Charbagh station. The new washing line is one of them.The construction of the new washing line had started about two years back. Since then, its construction has twice been stopped. Officials say that the new washing line will make the maintenance of trains easier at Charbagh, as it can accommodate a 26-coach train for maintenance.A washing line is needed for primary maintenance of trains which involves passenger amenities and safety checks.The train is cleaned, checked for provision of passenger amenities and put to under-gear monitoring at the washing line. As of now, the station has five washing lines.But none of the five washing lines at Charbagh can maintain a train of more than 17 coaches. Sources said this could be one of the reasons why the number of coaches has to be restricted in trains, which are maintained at the station, like Chandigarh Express and Varuna Express, which have 17 coaches and Duronto which has 12 coaches.While, two of the old washing lines cannot maintain a train with more than 17 coaches, the remaining ones are even small, with the one suitable for only a 12-coach train and the other for a 15-coach train. The fifth one is a comparatively new one and bigger trains like Lucknow Mail are maintained at the line (located in Sadar).The maintenance of a train takes at least six hours. And it is the number of washing lines at the station that in a way decides the number of originating trains from the place.Apart from the construction of the washing line, other projects which are hanging fire are renovation of a Foot-Over-Bridge (FOB), which takes off from the second class entry to all other platforms. The dilapidated bridge has been supported by iron girders at platform numbers 6&amp;7 and 8&amp;9. The construction of a washable apron at platform number 5 is another project which is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12828007", "title": "Sai Datt, Saurav promoted to main draw of Indian Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Promising Indian shuttler Guru Sai Datt and Saurav Verma were promoted to the main draw of the Yonex Indian Open badminton championships starting on April 24 after 12 players withdrew from the men's singles event.Datt and Verma were promoted from the qualifiers to the main draw of the men's singles after the withdrawal of the players on the deadline of April 20.Four other Indians - Sumit Reddy, Rohit Yadav, Nand Gopal Srikanth, K Srikant - were promoted from reserve to qualifiers of the men's singles event.Top Indians Chetan Anand and Arvid Bhat were among the 12 players who had withdrawn from the men's singles.In women's singles, Mohita Sachdeva and Tripti Murkunde were also promoted from reserve to qualifiers after withdrawal of players.In men's doubles, the Indian pairs of B Sumit Reddy and T Heman Nagendra Babu and Beneth Anthony and P H Suraj were promoted from the qualifiers to the main draw.The mixed doubles also saw Indian players T Babu and P Jyotsna and Manu Atri and N Sikki Reddy being promoted from the qualifiers to the main draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12817376", "title": "Yet another cop beaten up in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Barely within a fortnight, miscreants allegedly thrashed yet another policeman when he tried to intervene in a scuffle between two groups on Friday night at Lasudia here.The police informed that constable Prahalad Singh Jadaun was patrolling at Lasudia area when he was tipped off about a scuffle going on between some unidentified persons at Niranjanpur crossing. The trouble mongers allegedly beat Jadaun when he rushed to the spot. The accused also tried to attack two other cops patrolling there when they tried to save Jadaun.CSP Amrendra denied the incident saying the constable was merely roughed up and not beaten up. He said the constable sustained injuries when he went to defuse the tension.An offence has been registered against a group of persons and arrested a few on the basis of suspicion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12816668", "title": "On Earth Day, an urgent call for sustainable commerce", "text": "The last few decades have seen us embark on a great period of transformation brought about by the significant contributions of what we have come to call the information, communications and technology (ICT) industry. In India alone, it has helped spawn a huge industry that has elevated us to the global map, improved standards of living, helped our people transcend geographical barriers and spurred innovation. More than a decade into the 2 1st century, the spawning of another industry, born out of an impending resource crisis, seems imminent. Sustainability offers immense opportunities for innovation and growth, but most importantly, it is heading in a direction that allows us to morph business with sustainable economic development and societal interest, hitherto considered a euphemism.In only 40 years from now, the current population will increase by 30%, thereby accentuating the problems of constantly shrinking resources and deteriorating environmental conditions that we will be forced to reckon with. Successful organizations, then, will be those whose core business is aligned to tackle global and local challenges; those that seek opportunity in the delayed or ineffective decision making process by governments owing to constraints of a dynamic and often volatile geo-political situation, where power play of national interest influences their decision-making functions.Business as usual or business unusual? In an era that will be dominated by businesses that are sustainable, i will bet on the latter. Business protocols, in the new \"normal\", will have to be altered, necessitating ingenuity in product and services, approachto stakeholders and operations. This endeavour will then spur innovations in design, tweak operational efficiency and change behavior and consumption patterns - all of which will find a place in the solution to the sustainability puzzle.Business leaders will find a significant share of these opportunities by tapping into the fast growing middle class, which will grow from some 1.7 billion people today to 3.6 billion by 2030, with most of this growth in the emerging economies. When they are treated as an economically-resilient segment comprising creative entrepreneurs and value-demanding consumers, affordable products and services are bound to emerge.Introspection by businesses with utmost sensitiveness to the environment is the need of the hour. The surge in sectors like real estate , automotive, infrastructure, retail is here to stay for a while in a growing market like India. Those in these sectors can view the play as opportunistic or as a way of establishing sustainable and endurable enterprises. The challenge and the excitement in businesses of the future will revolve around meeting humandemands, within ecological constraints. We are not too far away from a time when sustainability will transcend into a way of life and sustainable solutions will get competitive.Imagine a carbon neutral industry, allowing entrepreneurs to establish green utilities and present consumers with an opportunity to buy green power. Imagine future architecture pitched on high performance, powered by cutting-edge technology, LED lights and radiant cooling systems which will consume only 50% of the current energy. Imagine that harvesting and recycling of rainwater becomes habitual. Imagine an entire upcoming class of people that can be molded to accept and embrace sustainability as a way of life as they get a taste of material consumption.Utopian as it may sound, this may soon become a reality spiraling into viable business offerings that will provide green solutions to businesses as well as consumers. There will be a dramatic rise in the trend of companies translating internal initiatives into larger busines sopportunities. However, this calls for collective and collaborative action that includes governments, civil societies, institutions, grassroot entities and industry.Sustainability in the 21st century is akin to the internet revolution towards the end of the 20th century. The impact, the intrigue and the all-encompassing nature of both concepts are similar. Sustainability, like the internet revolution, will catalyze innovation, business growth and employment generation. And the internet, with its overwhelming scope to empower a whole generation with information on solutions to the issues at hand, offers us a repository of best practices that we can access and apply to our daily lives.Every crisis comes with a hidden opportunity. Population explosion, environment degradation and paucity of resources bear immense risks, and corresponding opportunities. We stand at the threshold of a window of opportunity, where strategic thinking will radically change the way businesses will function. Sustainable commerce will demand enlightened leadership and imagination, because much of the territory ahead is uncharted, and there is no history to guide us. What will help is a constant focus on adapting and making the transition as a principal prerogative. And one that will be ubiquitous - like the internet.The writer is co-founder and executive co-chairman, Infosys Limited", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "raipur/bhopal", "code": "12816124", "title": "Maoists abduct district collector in Bastar", "text": "RAIPUR/BHOPAL: Maoists pulled off an audacious kidnapping of the district collector of Sukma in southern Chhattisgarh on Saturday, killing two of his bodyguards when they tried to stop them. The collector, Alex Paul Menon, was meeting a group of villagers for a government outreach programme.A 2006 batch IAS officer, Menon was tracked by the Maoists as he reached Manjipara village in tribal Bastar region on Saturday afternoon, according to the police.\"Around 90 Maoists reached the spot and shot dead two personal security officers of the collector before taking him into the nearby forest,\" said additional director general of police Ram Niwas. The rebels, he said, spared the sub-divisional magistrate S K Vaidya who was present in Manjipara village.The collector was abducted even as uncertainty looms over the fate of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka, who is being held captive by Orissa Maoists and days after the Supreme Court questioned the Orissa government on the release of Maoists from prisons in exchange of hostages.\"The collector was abducted at gunpoint between 4.30 and 5pm. The Maoists apparently waited for him for over an hour at the function in the village as a part of the government's \"gram swaraj abhiyan\" - a village contact programme,\" a government spokesman told TOI from Raipur.It is suspected that the rebels have taken the collector deep inside the forests of Kerlapal, some of which are suspected to be heavily mined by the Maoists.A police team led by DSP Abhishek Shandilya has launched a search operation to try and rescue the collector, said Ram Niwas. A special team was formed to join the effort after director general of police A M Nawani held an emergency meeting with other police brass.Chief minister Raman Singh said every effort will be made to secure the collector's release, even as home minister P Chidambaram spoke to Singh assuring his administration of all help from the Centre. Sources said Chidambaram also called for a report on the incident, which is being seen as reflecting Maoists' anxiety to dispel any perception that successful strikes by security forces may have weakened them.Menon is viewed by his peers as an enthusiastic officer who took his job as the district collector of Sukma, considered to be the worst-affected district in the country, as a mission. He had gone to a place near Keralapal on motorcycle along with others as part of gram swaraj abhiyan. The exercise aims at improving basic services in Sukma since it was felt it needed special administrative attention.Sukma was carved out of Naxal-prone Dantewada early this year. It is a Maoist hotbed and it's here that the rebels have periodically unleashed major attacks against security forces, including the CRPF, after the tribals' anti-Naxalite campaign, 'Salwa Judum', began in June 2005.This is the first time that Maoists in Bastar, under the CPI (Maoist) special zonal committee of Dandakaranya, have abducted a senior administrative official although there have been instances of abduction of police constables.Just five days ago, the rebels had abducted a village patel, a constable and three other villagers from Kerlapal region.Major parts of Sukma are under the so-called liberated zone of Dandakaranya where there is little presence of civil administration. The government acknowledges it is a region dominated by the Maoists.Sukma borders Orissa's Malkangiri district from where the Andhra Pradesh-based rebels had abducted the then collector R Vineel Krishna in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12818488", "title": "Officials tighten grip on illegal sale of sedatives", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The increasing incidents of over-the-counter sale of prescribed drugs and, in many cases, even illegal drugs as sedatives from medical stores have forced the drug control officials here to launch a special drive.The Kerala State Drugs Control Department is now planning to identify the drugs which fall under various categories such as psychotropic substances, steroids, hormonal preparatory medicines, steroids, and stimulants. An instance of prescribed drugs being sold in the absence of pharmacists and without prescription has also led the officials to keep a tab on drug distributors. They have been asked to submit a monthly report on purchase and sale of medicines.\"The distributors have been asked to enter the details of drug manufacturers, name of the medicine, purchased quantity, expiry date, details of buyers, and name and address of the prescribed doctors in their register,\" said P K Sreekumar, assistant drug controller.The department in an effort to know the areas where huge quantities of sedatives are sold have asked distributors submit detailed report on existing demand for particular medicines.Sreekumar said youngsters and schoolchildren often buy prescribed medicines in huge quantities without prescription. \"A few doctors too are involved. They prescribe psychotropic drugs for their 'clients' so that they can buy it from medical stores,\" he said.The officials conducted searches in 15 shops in city after they seized 20,000 bottles of illegal cough syrup from a small-scale distributor on Thursday.Meanwhile, the Kerala State Pharmacy Council too has decided to take stringent steps to check illegal sale of drugs. In a directive issued to all medical stores and pharmacists, the registered pharmacist in a medical store should ensure that medicines are procured from licenced manufacturers.Besides, maintenance of register, preparation of bill with name, age and address of the patient, and name of the doctor have been made mandatory by the KSPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12816468", "title": "Amravati divisional commissionerate gets ISO certification", "text": "AMRAVATI: The next time you visit the Amravati Divisional Commissionerate, you can expect quality service. The commissionerate has recently been given the prestigious ISO 9001: 2008 certification for its efficient work style.It may be the first government office in the country to get the certification, said divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur at a press conference on Saturday. The commissionerate has also chalked out quality policies because of which people can expect to get better services than before.Thakur said that when he took over as divisional commissioner in June 2011, he decided to organize the messy record rooms in a systematic way. \"I convened the meeting of officials and employees and informed them that we have to work hard for getting ISO certification. Our 127 employees including class I and Class II officials worked hard, sometimes even on holidays, to make the office up-to-date,\" he said.The office had total records of 90,324 cases of which outdated and useless papers of 75,201 cases were discarded and records of 15,065 cases were arranged properly. \"We sold 37 quintals of scrap and got Rs 42,478 from it which we deposited in government coffers,\" said Thakur.Thakur said that the certification body TUV Austria evaluated the work of Commisionerate. Auditor Sanjay Athawale visited all 15 branches of the divisional commisionerate which deals with 419 types of different works.Thakur said that team of TUV Austria has also done audit of Prabodhini office. We have decided to take branch wise certification instead of the whole office since it will motivate employees and officials of all branches to work hard in the future, said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817723", "title": "Middle class areas backed Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress has been trying to draw some solace from the fact that its performance in the recent MCD elections was better than in 2007, but there is another silver lining to the otherwise dark cloud for the party -its gains have come from the middle class localities of the city, suggesting that the Anna Hazare campaign has done less damage than expected.An analysis of how parties performed in different types of wards - which we categorized as middle class, poor and mixed - shows that the Congress won in 28 middle class wards this time round compared to 19 in 2007.In contrast, although the BJP retained the majority of Delhi's upscale wards, it lost 13 of them, finally settling for 61 of the total 95 such localities.In our analysis, MCD's 272 wards can be divided into 95 middle class or upscale ones, 153 which are predominantly poor neighbourhoods and 24 with mixed population. For instance, Rohini, GK, Saket and so on can be classified as middle class, Narela, Khajoori Khas, Karawal Nagar West, Deoli etc. as poor while Dhir Pur, Kishan Ganj, Karampura would be seen as mixed wards.The Congress may be comforted by the thought that the middle class areas backed it somewhat more this time, but on the flip side, it failed to retain more than half of the seats it had won in the last elections. The Congress retained only 40% (27) of its 2007 seats while the ruling BJP performed much better with a 65% (107) retention rate.So who gained form whose loss? Congress lost nearly one-third of its seats to BJP and roughly 10% each to independents, BSP and the other parties. The corresponding figures for BJP are 24% to Congress and 10% to independents, BSP and other parties. BSP retained 41% of its 17 seats while losing 29% to Congress and 18% to BJP.The independents lost more than half of their 2007 seats to BJP. The other parties which had won 9 seats in 2007 lost 3 of their seats to Congress while they managed to defeat Congress on 6 seats that the party had won in the past elections.Overall, despite the results being quite similar to the ones in 2007, there has been a considerable churn. Only 144 of the 272 wards were retained by the parties that won them last time. In other wards, almost half of the wards changed hands.This indicates that anti-incumbency was operating not only at the level of parties but at the individual ward level too. Of course, rebels too would have accounted for some of the churn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12818248", "title": "Free body mass index camp held at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital", "text": "Department of surgery of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital organized a free body mass index (BMI) camp and seminar on bariatric surgery at its Dumra auditorium on Saturday. Hundered persons eager to shed their extra kilos for a healthy lifestyle attended the camp. All the participants got their BMI done, and those with excessive obesity were selected for weight loss surgery. Dr Ashish Ahuja and Dr P S Nain along with medical specialists Dr Rajesh Mahajan, endocrinologist Dr Mani Kant Singla, chief dietician Mrs Ritu Sudhakar and sietician Pooja Sharma spoke on diverse aspects of obesity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12817212", "title": "Lack of safety measures led to Ennore electrocution", "text": "CHENNAI: Electrocution of a casual labourer while overhauling a 240 kv transformer at Ennore on Thursday evening has brought to focus lack of safety measures while carrying out such high-risk works. Neither was the labourer technically skilled to carryout such a work nor did the TNEB staff follow due procedures as prescribed in the protocol, said police officials investigating the case.M Murthy (29), a resident of Ennore, was overhauling a transformer at Ennore along with some TNEB employees and another casual labourer, S Raja (27) when both the workers were electrocuted on Thursday afternoon. While Murthy was working atop the transformer, Raja was providing support from the ground. When power supply resumed without any notice, both got electrocuted. Murthy died on the spot. Raja, who sustained injuries, is recovering at a private hospital at Thiruvottriyur. A case of negligence under section 304 (a) of IPC has been filed against the TNEB's area engineer (Ennore), Sridhar. \"Based on a complaint from the wife of the deceased, M Priyadharsini, a case has been filed,\" said assistant police commissioner (Ennore range), S Selva Arasu.About the reason for electrocution, police and TNEB officials said 'fault' power could have got routed to the transformer. Fault power is the electricity that transmits back into the transformer through cables when consumers use generators during power cuts. \"Fault power supply is a normal phenomenon during power shut down. To prevent electrocution due to fault power supply, TNEB employees are expected to follow strict safety procedures. People engaged in the overhauling of transformer at Ennore might not have followed these procedures,\" said a TNEB senior official.Safety protocols to be followedCHENNAI: As per the protocol, first, power should be completely shut down. Next, the site engineer, who supervises the work, should switch off the air brake in the transformer and remove the fuse. All these steps prevent chances of short circuit. But, electricity seepage might occur from the consumer's main electricity board to the power line and the transformer. This happens when consumers use generators during power cut. To prevent this, proper earthing should be done to discharge the fault power into the earth. It is a simple procedure that can be done with a cable. \"These are part of the standard safety practices which every TNEB employee is aware of,\" said a TNEB official. Obviously, they were not followed by the TNEB staff at Ennore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12818421", "title": "'Attending weddings at Red-hit districts unsafe'", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Wedding receptions of party workers, supporters, sympathizers and voters in the Maoist-hit areas of Palamu are becoming a worry for the MLAs.The Odisha episode, in which Maoists kidnapped MLA Jhina Hikaka, is at the back of their minds. Lagan times are thus hard times for the MLAs in Palamu. Daltonganj Congress legislatior K N Tripathy said on Wednesday he attended 24 wedding receptions, 10 of them in Maoist strongholds where moving after sunset is risky. \"No MLA could afford to skip those festivals as that would send a wrong signal to common people. I kept my security personnel alert and watchful. An MLA has to do everything to keep his party workers, supporters, sympathizers and voters happy and presence in social functions further cement the bond between the peoples' representatives and cadres. But venturing out at night has become a high-risk affair,\" Tripathy said. \"I attended a reception in a dalit family at Dulsulma at night but was careful to inform the nearest police station about my visit.\"The MLA added that so far he had not faced any problem from any Naxalite outfit. However, one could not throw caution to the wind.Hussainabad MLA Sanjay Singh Yadav of the RJD echoed similar feelings. \"I returned home at 1am after attending the tilak of a party worker in a village in Bihar. The intelligence branch in Ranchi was supposed to keep tabs on my movement from Ranchi on phone, but I never felt there was security cover for me. I was protected by my own men.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12817110", "title": "Calangute, Saligao, Candolim set for polls", "text": "CANDOLIM: With the filing of nominations for the May 16 panchayat elections starting Monday and ending by April-end, sitting sarpanchas and panchas, besides MLAs, ex-MLAs and ministers, have already started marshalling their forces in the tourism-dominated coastal villages of Candolim, Calangute and Saligao. Speaking to STOI, all the three sitting sarpanchas-Fermino Fernandes of Candolim, Joseph Sequeira of Calangute and Lucas Remedios of Saligao-stated they will be contesting once again. The post of sarpanch will probably again be rotated among the members of the ruling panel.In Candolim, the panel backed by ex-MLA Agnelo Fernandes, which includes Fernandes, is preparing to retain its hold on the panchayat once again. According to the sarpanch, this election will not be fought over any issue, but will be more of a contest between individuals. \"I don't think it will be issue-based. It will be on a personal level, more about the character of a person,\" he said.Although panchayat elections are not fought on party lines, Fernandes said that the Congress will form a panel of MLAs and ex-MLAs to monitor the polls. \"I will be a part of that panel,\" he said, adding that voters look at the affiliation of the candidates before deciding who to vote for. He expects the panel backed by him to emerge victorious. \"We have always been there for the people,\" he said.The Candolim sarpanch said that in the last assembly election, although Fernandes lost his seat, he emerged with the highest votes in the Candolim area of the Calangute constituency, which is a reflection of his popularity in his home village.In Calangute, Sequeira, whose backing ensured that Lobo triumphed in the Calangute constituency in the recent assembly elections, also sounded confident that his panel would emerge victorious, more so because of his close links with the new MLA. But he also expressed caution. \"Basically it's always in the people's hands. You cannot be too confident,\" he said, alluding to the confidence of the Congress party before the recent assembly polls. He added that there are no issues in Calangute. \"We've been getting everybody's work done,\" said Sequeira.In Saligao, the elevation of MLA Dilip Parulekar to minister of tourism is likely to be a factor in the re-election of Remedios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12817256", "title": "Rescued cub keeps officials on toes", "text": "BHOPAL: The two-month-old tiger cub rescued from a cave last week after being abandoned by the tigress is keeping its caretaker on the toes at the Panna Tiger Reserve.\"It starts making noises when hungry. The tiny striped-animal seems to be very fond of milk. The cub also keeps loitering around on the building premises, where it is kept,\" officials said. Though feeble, the cub gets angry and tries to roar on seeing a stranger around, they added. \"We are feeding the tiger cub with liquid and other supplements,\" reserve veterinarian Dr Sanjeev Gupta told TOI. He said that they were taking the help of experts to rear it.The cub recognizes its caretaker and veterinarian and seems to be enjoying their company, the officials said. The cub is still weak, but has shown signs of improvement, Dr Gupta said.\"We are working round-the- clock in rearing the tiny striped animal. Senior officials will decide to shift the cub to Van Vihar animal rehabilitation centre after it becomes healthy,\" Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) field director R S Murthy said.The cub was abandoned by tigress named as T - 1, some 19 days ago in PTR. This tiny mammal and three other ones were born to T-1 in a cave on February 16. On March 29, T- I shifted to another cave, some 2 km away from the first one, but did not carry the fragile cub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12818359", "title": "Banks come up with golden offers", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Akshaya Tritiya round the corner and gold coins from banks being the best buy , all banks in city are offering discounts to attract buyers.\"We are selling gold coins in denomination of 2 gram, 5grams, 8grams and 10grams in tamperproof certicard packing,'' said Yashpal Kumar Barar, circle head, Punjab National Bank (PNB), Ludhiana.He said these are 24 Carat coins with 999.0 fineness, supplied by PAMP, Switzerland- worlds largest gold refinery. Further, these are also ASSAY certified, signifying highest level of purity of international standards.\"Our bank is also offering lucrative discounts ranging from 2% to 6% based on quantity of gold coins purchased and this offer is valid till April 30, 2012,'' Barar added.Marketing officer of Indian Overseas bank, Gagandeep Kaur, also informed about the range of the gold coins saying, \"We have gold coins in the denomination of 2 grams, 4 grams, 8 grams, 10 grams, 20 grams, 50 grams and 100 grams for this Akshay Tritiya.''She said her bank also has certain discount offers for the customers which includes a rebate of Rs 5 per gram up to the purchase of the 100 grams, Rs 8 per gram for purchase of 101 to 250 grams, Rs 10 per gram on the purchase of 251 to 500 grams, Rs 12 per gram on the purchase of 501 to 999 grams of gold and Rs 15 per gram on the purchase of gold coins of 1,000 grams and above.Punjab and Sindh Bank has also made available its range of 5 grams and 10 grams and the discount they are offering is up to 6% based on the number of coins one buys from the bank. Some other banks are also offering these discounts on gold coins to attract more and more residents from the city.\"I will be buying gold coins for myself, my sister and my brother this Akshay Tritiya and like always I am going to buy these coins from my bank as the gold quality is good and more reliable. There are decent offers on the gold coins and I am going to make the most of it,'' said Amandeep, a businessman, who is a resident of Barewal road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12817987", "title": "Set up waste plant at Vellar, corporation told", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vilappilsala garbage factory is likely to have its doors closed in spite of the Supreme Court order. The government has asked the corporation to immediately set up a waste processing unit at the rock quarry at Vellar, near Kovalam. The engineering section of corporation has been directed to work along with Costford for the project. Suchitwa mission has been assigned the task of monitoring the scheme.The officials of costford has already had a meeting with Suchithwa mission on Thursday. \"We have briefed them about the way the quarry needs to be readied for waste processing. The engineering section of corporation will carry out the project,\" revealed an official of Suchitwa mission.The corporation has in fact found itself in a fix following the government directive. \"It is true that the government wants us to start the project this week itself so that a remedy can be found out for garbage issue before monsoon. The people of Vellar are never going to welcome this decision. It is going to be really tough for us,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.The project includes sanitary land fill, setting up of storm water storage units, mini leachate treatment plant and installation of plastic liners.At the same time, the decision has made the locals of Vellar feel cheated. When the idea for waste processing in the quarries had come up earlier, the locals have formed Kovalam Samudra Vattapara Samrakshana Samithi to counter the move.Separate memorandums were also issued to chief minister Oommen Chandy and then urban affairs minister Kunhalikutty requesting the government to withdraw from the move. \"We were promised that no step will be taken without consulting us. The government has betrayed us by giving the nod for the project,\" said Nedumam Mohan, Vellar ward councillor and chairman of the samithi.The samithi will convene an emergency meeting at Vellar on Sunday in the wake of government decision. V Sivankutty, Nemom MLA has also said that he was completely unaware of the project.\"I have heard about the proposal. This move was sudden and unexpected. I will stand by the locals against using rock quarry for burying waste,\" said Sivankutty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12817919", "title": "Sheer number reason for more Andhra victims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Of the 1.1 lakh Indian students chasing the education-in-US dream, an estimated 45% are from Andhra Pradesh, followed by Gujarat and Punjab. Those observing the 'chalo America' trend, picking up over the last three decades, say that Telugu students figuring invariably as victims in many accidents or murders has less to do with hatred and more with sheer numbers.K Seshadri Rao, the MBA student shot dead in Boston, hailed from Odisha, but his Telugu name had many in Hyderabad noting that their community's resolve to ensure that at least one child from the family makes it to the US has added to student numbers hailing from the state. That one in every four households has a son or a daughter studying in the US is so often repeated that it has almost become a proverbial reality. Education consultants say it's not just an estimate. \"Almost half of the total number of students studying in the US is from Andhra Pradesh. Obviously if there is crime involving an Indian national, the probability of a Telugu student getting targeted is much higher,\" says a consultant.V Venkatramanna, dean, school of management studies, University of Hyderabad, points out how these are crimes rooted in numbers and not hatred. Not referring to the Seshadri Rao case but speaking of the massive numbers landing in the US year after year for higher education or jobs, he said, \"AP produces a lot of IIT graduates and it is only a natural progression that these graduates get into IT companies and often settle in the Bay Area. The rise (in numbers) has been phenomenal post-eighties. Add to that the great middle class aspiration (of doing well). We became an abundant supplier of talent.\"Ramana Reddy, special secretary and in-charge for NRI affairs, says that the attacks are not region specific. During the last two to three years, Reddy says that around 10 students/professionals from AP have been shot dead abroad. She says the number of students going abroad for higher studies are increasing and especially to the US ever since the US Consulate was set up in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12817758", "title": "Say goodbye to jabs with electrical delivery device", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you flinch at the sight of a needle or face difficulty in swallowing pills, here's an alternative method to alleviate your pain. The Centre for Biomedical Sciences at IIT Delhi has created a device, which can be worn like a watch, to administer medicines using electric current. Agonizing as it may sound, the process is pain-free, claim researchers.Based on a concept called Iontophoresis, the process includes application of low intensity current to the skin which causes a drug to permeate inside without any needle pricks.Researchers at IITD say this method spares the patient the pain of injection and is more effective and healthier than consuming tablets. And the intensity of the current is lesser than 0.5 milliampere per centimetre square - low enough to possibly go unnoticed by the user.\"Transdermal delivery of drugs using electric current is beneficial for patients who have to take injections or painkillers regularly. It's a better option since the drug goes directly into the bloodstream and works faster,\" said professor Sneh Anand, who has been working on the project with Dr Veena Koul and other PhD scholars at IITD since 2000.Anand explained, \"When consumed orally, a medicine goes to the stomach, is broken down in the liver and then reaches the bloodstream. This affects the liver in the long run. We may call the new process a liver bypass.\"Anand says she started with a device that was in the form of a computer. After much advancement, the team developed a handheld device which was further turned into a miniature gadget - with electrodes - that can be worn around the arm. The electrode acts as a conductor through which the current passes.The drug can be administered in the form of a cream. Here's how you can make the device function. Wear the strap on the arm. Lift the electrode to apply the drug on the skin under it.Put the electrode back and place the battery-operated electronic component of the device on the strap. Push the button on it to start the flow of current which drives the ionic molecules into the skin. Another electrode completes the circuit.The duration of current will depend on the kind of drug being administered. In case of a liquid or powdered drug, it is turned into a patch of hydro gel which is a crosslinked polymer like contact lenses.Researchers say the device is virtually fail-safe and they have already tested it with diclofenac diethylamine for pain relief and with insulin for diabetes. They plan to carry out similar tests with drugs for Alzheimer's disease.\"We have tied up with a private company in Ahmedabad to start a human trial. All formalities for the trial have been completed and the company will market it soon,\" said Anand.The device is re-usable and its cost of development is nearly Rs 1,000. \"The drug patches can be manufactured for anything between Rs 10 and Rs 12.\"I can't say what the commercial cost of this product would be but it definitely won't be expensive,\" Anand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12818114", "title": "Nurses call off strike, will resume work on Monday", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 450 nurses will return to the wards and attend patients at the PSG hospital in Peelamedu from Monday after they entered into a conditional truce with the hospital management and decided to call off the strike late Saturday evening.The nurses had declared a flash strike and walked out of the hospital about 15 days back demanding better wages and work environment at the hospital. The hospital management had adopted an adamant stand and claimed they will negotiate with the workers only after they returned to the wards. This was the first ever organised protest in a city hospital over wages and had forced the state government to intervene and resolve the deadlock.\"We expect the nurses to be back on duty on Monday. We will hold further talks with them after they report on duty,\" said V Jaganaathan, administrative superintendent of PSG Hospitals.The decision to withdraw the strike was taken after a six-hour negotiation held between both parties under the supervision of P Marimuthu, joint labour commissioner here on Saturday. The hospital authorities reportedly assured that they will decide on the salary hike and increment of the nurses before May 10. The nurses have been protesting since April 7 demanding that the hospital increased their salary. The main demand was that BSc nurses must be paid a minimum of Rs15,000 and Rs 10,000 for the ANM (Auxiliary Nurse Mid-wife). They also demanded yearly increments of Rs1,000. The nurses also said their certificates were illegally kept by hospital authorities. They also said that the hospital was asking a three months time to relieve them, which must be reduced to one month.The stir received political patronage with CPI leaders including Valparai MLA M Arumugham backing the nurses. \"They (PSG hospital management) have given an assurance to consider our demands before May 10 and we have decided to report for duty from Monday,\" said one of the members of PSG Hospital Nurses Welfare Union, who attended the truce talks. The hospital management also accepted to consider and implement the remaining demands of the nurses in a phased manner.Discussions were conducted regularly among the nurses and the hospital management. But talks failed after the management insisted that discussions on wages could be conducted only after nurses called off their stir while the nurses insisted on a written assurance before resuming work. Later, the nurses approached the Labour Minister, S T Chellapandian who called for talks. But the management refused to attend the talks on Wednesday, after which joint commissioner of labour, P Marimuthu was sent for talks.The first round of talks on Friday failed to evolve a consensus. The nurses later met Chellapandian on Saturday in Coimbatore, who assured them to take up their grievances, after which talks resumed in the presence of Marimuthu and a final decision to call off the strike was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-22"}
